Now it ’s Mitt ’s day to talk about handouts .
Until Detroit can show they know how to compete and hire Americans , forget it .
We have a long way to go until we get that point and there are much more pressing issues for the country .
It may not be hunting season , but it ’s obviously pandering season .
Note to Mitt :
It ’s not 1950 anymore so quit thinking Detroit is going to rescue the US economy .
The political calendar indicates that in one more year – on Jan. 20 , 2009 – the presidency of George W. Bush will come to an end .
However , the worst consequences of his disastrous reign , including the Iraq War , may be nowhere near ending .
Today ’s presidential frontrunners , John McCain and Hillary Clinton , were early prominent supporters of the Iraq War and appear to have suffered little political damage for lining up behind Bush in 2002 when he was at the peak of his power .
For his part , McCain – who campaigns with neoconservative independent Sen .
Joe Lieberman – has no plan to end the U.S. occupation of Iraq , indeed talks about keeping U.S. troops there for centuries .
Clinton , who was a late convert to an anti-war position , now vows to “ start withdrawing ” U.S. troops by early spring 2009 .
So , it seems a sure bet that a McCain presidency would continue Bush ’s Iraq policies indefinitely .
And it looks like a gamble whether Clinton would press ahead with her “ hope ” of bringing “ nearly all the troops out by the end of ” 2009 – or revert to the neocon - lite position that she embraced from 2002 until the start of the Democratic campaign in 2007 .
Might Hillary Clinton be to George W. Bush on Iraq what Richard Nixon was to Lyndon Johnson on Vietnam , a President who continued a war for years while gradually moving to wind it down ?
Ironically , the politician taking the most heat on the Iraq War today is Barack Obama , who opposed the war resolution in 2002 .
In recent days , he has come under harsh criticism from former President Bill Clinton and Sen.
Clinton for not consistently joining with the staunchest war opponents in the Senate .
Bill Clinton has called Obama ’s anti-war position a “ fairy tale , ” and Sen. Clinton , who helped make the Iraq War possible , has attacked Obama for not immediately supporting a cutoff of funds for the war when he entered the Senate in 2005 , even though that was a position he shared with Clinton .
Amazingly , it looks like – if any politician is going to be held accountable on the Iraq War – it may be Obama , who was an early and vocal opponent .
Think Tank Consensus
Meanwhile , in the U.S. news media and in influential Washington think tanks , Iraq
War supporters are consolidating their positions and – just like in 2002 - 03 – are baiting Iraq War critics as “ defeatists ” who wo n’t admit the “ reality ” of Bush ’s successes , particularly the modest gains of the troop “ surge . ”
At the New York Times , apparently to give himself protection from right - wing pressure groups , publisher Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr. recruited prominent neoconservative writer William Kristol as a new op - ed columnist .
In one of his first columns , Kristol accused Iraq
War critics of wanting to “ snatch defeat out of the jaws of victory . ”
[ NYT , Jan. 14 , 2008 ]
Not to be outdone , another Times columnist , Roger Cohen , penned an op - ed praising McCain for his wisdom in supporting the surge .
In a flashback to the intolerant mood of 2002 , Cohen accused American liberals of “ hypocrisy ” for not backing the invasion of Iraq to oust the dictator , Saddam Hussein .
“ I still believe Iraq ’s freedom outweighs [ the war ’s ] terrible price , ” Cohen wrote .
“ So does McCain . ” [ NYT , Jan. 17 , 2008 ]
( The New York Times ’ other columnists who were big supporters of the Iraq War include David Brooks and Thomas Friedman .
Meanwhile , the Washington Post ’s editorial pages have been long dominated by war enthusiasts , such as editorial page editor Fred Hiatt , Charles Krauthammer and David Ignatius . )
On Washington ’s think tank front , from the American Enterprise Institute to the Brookings Institution , wannabe assistant secretaries of state for either a McCain or a Clinton administration have been carefully positioning themselves as optimists vis -à - vis the “ surge . ”
As historian Andrew J. Bacevich wrote in a Washington Post Outlook article , the pro-Iraq War “ fabulists are again trying to weave their own version of the war .
The latest myth is that the ‘ surge ’ is working . …
“ AEI ’s Reuel Marc Gerecht assures us that the moment to acknowledge ‘ democracy ’s success in Iraq ’ has arrived .
To his colleague Michael Ledeen , the explanation for the turnaround could n’t be clearer :
‘ We were the stronger horse , and the Iraqis recognized it . ’ … Frederick W. Kagan , an AEI resident scholar and the arch - advocate of the surge , announces that the ‘ credibility of the prophets of doom ’ has reached ‘ a low ebb . ’ ”
Bacevich , a professor of history at Boston University , added : “ Presumably Kagan and his comrades would have us believe that recent events vindicate the prophets who in 2002 - 03 were promoting preventive war as a key instrument of U.S. policy .
“ By shifting the conversation to tactics , they seek to divert attention from fragrant failures of basic strategy .
Yet what exactly has the surge wrought ?
In substantive terms , the answer is : not much . ” [ Washington Post , Jan. 20 , 2008 ]
Political Success
The most significant achievement of the “ surge ” and the modest decline in Iraq ’s horrific violence may be inside the U.S. political process , by making continuation of the indefinite U.S. occupation of Iraq ( what Bush once called “ stay the course ” ) possible .
While on his eight - day trip to the Middle East , Bush indicated that when the 30,000 - troop “ surge ” ends this spring , he is prepared to keep U.S. troop levels at about 130,000 , which is where they were a year ago .
A year from now , given the pathetic state of American politics and the U.S. news media , one can almost envision the start of a George W. Bush nostalgia as his presidency comes to an end .
Neocon columnists and think - tank experts are sure to hail his courage and wisdom .
It ’s also unlikely that either a President McCain or a President Clinton would do much to set the record straight .
Whether the pattern is like 1988 ( when George H.W. Bush succeeded fellow Republican Ronald Reagan ) or like 1992 ( when Democrat Bill Clinton followed George H.W. Bush ) , the focus will be on the future , not the past .
Rose - colored glasses will be put firmly in place about George W. Bush , just as they were regarding Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush , in order to avoid bitter partisan disputes about their legacies .
As the Clinton team told me back in 1993 , “ we do n’t want to refight the old battles of the 1980s . ”
Many of the same players show no indication that they would take a different position regarding the battles of the Bush II presidency .
The sad reality about America ’s historical amnesia – if not outright hostility toward the hard truths of history – will mean that few , if any , lessons will be learned from the eight years of George W. Bush .
That , in turn , will leave open the likelihood that the same mistakes will be repeated again .
That is one of the key reasons that we have tried to put as much of the lost history of this troubling era into our books , from Lost History to Secrecy & Privilege to Neck Deep .
Our goal has always been to establish an honest record of what has occurred and what it means , whether the facts are politically popular or not .
In effect , we have tried to establish a truthful narrative for the past three decades as a challenge to the dominant false narrative that infuses the pages of the major American newspapers , the TV pundit class and Washington ’s think tanks .
However , as Campaign 2008 takes shape with McCain and Clinton emerging as the frontrunners , the likelihood of any profound changes in the political / media structure of Washington looks dimmer and dimmer .
_______
About author Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Secrecy & Privilege : Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq , can be ordered at Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth . '
Robert Parry 's web site is Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , , can be ordered at secrecyandprivilege.com .
It 's also available at Amazon.com , as is his 1999 book , Robert Parry 's web site is Consortium News
READER COMMENTS ON
" E- Voting Train Wreck 2008 : The Horry County , SC Disaster "
( 34 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 1/19/2008 @ 10:16 am PT ...
Well at least cnn 's covering it .
Thank you John .
You know what my worst fear is ?
Nothing comprehensive will by done about electronic voting systems by the presidential election and when they melt down it 'll be idiot boy 's excuse to declare martial law !
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... bruce said on 1/19/2008 @ 10:22 am PT ...
Thanks John ; actually ancient , no it will again go to the now really stacked SCOTUS .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 1/19/2008 @ 11:05 am PT ...
Your probably right Bruce , deja voo doo .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Zeke O\ 'Brien said on 1/19/2008 @ 11:39 am PT ...
Great that the mainstream media is finally reporting this stuff .
I believe we will turn the tide on this Rovian disaster and our time will be looked back at as a dark time in American political history .
Thanks for the great work .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/19/2008 @ 12:31 pm PT ...
WMUR will say , " South Carolina e-voting Going Fine " .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Badger said on 1/19/2008 @ 12:50 pm PT ...
Hey , put NPR in there with WMUR .
About 45 minutes ago , I was listening to news on NPR and they were talking about the primaries in South Carolina but no mention of whether the participants got to vote .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Badger said on 1/19/2008 @ 12:52 pm PT ...
On a different note , maybe this happening to a Republican primary will show the non-partisan nature of the problem .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 1/19/2008 @ 1:03 pm PT ...
Hey is there any way to get the ACLU or someone to sue the FCC for allowing the major networks to not cover this most critical issue to democracy ?
I mean hey , they are suppose to use those public airwaves for our best interest are n't they ?
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Patriot Henry said on 1/19/2008 @ 1:07 pm PT ...
Voting Problems Meanwhile McCain 's campaign team complained this afternoon they heard reports of voting problems in Horry County , near Myrtle Beach , S.C. McCain 's state press spokesperson B.J. Boling said she heard that some of the electronic voting machines in the county malfunctioned and that polling sites were running out of paper ballots .
" We 've heard reports of people literally casting ballots on scraps of paper , " she told ABC News ' Ron Claiborne .
" We are encouraging people to try again .
The county says it is trying to reset machines and get as many paper ballots out as they can . "
Chris Whitmire confirmed that a number of voting machines in a number of precincts in Horry County had difficulty this morning from human error in preparing the voting machines for the election , reports ABC News ' Tahman Bradley .
http://www.abcnews.go.co...ry?id=4158690&page=1
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Doug Dingus said on 1/19/2008 @ 1:51 pm PT ...
I 'm reproducing this here , because now is the time .
As the feel good stories come up , challenge them !
Ask them for their supporting facts and research .
The mess in SC right now , prompted this comment .
In 2004 , I challenged a story , then published by WIS TV .
They changed a headline from " machines worked perfectly " , to " machines worked as designed " .
Enough of these and producers will take note .
Some of the commentary is dated , given where we are today , but the idea is unchanged .
Challenge election feel good stories .
All of them !
Each reader here on Brad Blog can do this and spread the word for others to do it .
All it takes is some fact prep , know it cold , then ask question after question of story authors and producers .
Over and over .
They will respond to those , and that 's where we get a chance to do some advocacy .
That 's it everybody .
Just did n't know where else to put this !
Dealing with Voting Machine Ignorance , One media person at a time by DOUG DINGUS { Ed Note : Well Doug , how about giving us a link instead ?
And please read the rules for commenting .
Thank you .
-- 99 } * This paper , originally published on OpEdNews.com , is reproduced here , with only a minor edit , for later reference .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 1/19/2008 @ 1:52 pm PT ...
Sorry to say Patriot Henry , but that is the classic flash in the pan while Rome burns news story .
I know every little bit helps , but I want some real accountability NOW from the FCC !
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... steve talbert said on 1/19/2008 @ 1:55 pm PT ...
this is probably a good thing that it happened with a GOP election .
They will be p*ssed off and complain about it and the state will pay attention .
As to whether they will pay attention to see what they should oo based on who is doing well in Nov is another story .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Mark A. Adams JD / MBA said on 1/19/2008 @ 1:58 pm PT ...
Did you miss the really big news that came out about South Carolina last week ?
It was mentioned on the Voice of the Voters radio show .
You know , that news that could end secret vote counting in America if some Presidential candidate wanted to take action to enforce the fundamental right to know that our votes are counted .
See , Scoop – Top Scoop January 19 , 2008 - Appeal to Edwards - Take a Stand for Voting Rights by Michael Collins
http://www.scoop.co.nz/stories/HL0801/S00151.htm
Read the top story published on OpEdNews.com on January 17 , 2008 - An Open Letter to Senator John Edwards : The Constitution Prohibits Secret Vote Counting !
Will You Take Action ?
http://www.opednews.com/...an_open_letter_to_se.htm
Read the top story published on OpEdNews.com on January 17 , 2008 - South Carolina Elections Are UNCONSTITUTIONAL !?!
http://www.opednews.com/...south_carolina_elect.htm
Briefly : Article II , § 1 of the Constitution of South Carolina states , “ the ballots shall not be counted in secret . ”
Computers count inside their case , with no oversight , just like they are told to do , unless of course , they malfunction or are hacked .
Computers count votes in secret .
No one can see a computer count , and therefore , using computers to count votes in secret violates South Carolina ’s Constitution !
This is the election integrity jackpot , a Constitutional provision prohibiting counting votes in secret !
No more need to refer to case law , evidence , or logic to argue against secret vote counting , at least in South Carolina .
Senator Edwards , you have courageously spoken out against touch screen voting .
Will you take action to require South Carolina to follow the law ?
How about another Presidential candidate ?
Please help us make sure that the votes are counted accurately .
GO TO http://www.votecount2008.org/ and JOIN NOW !
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Joyce McCloy said on 1/19/2008 @ 2:31 pm PT ...
nice reporting , John .
Lets hope this is a catalyst for SC ditching the touch screen machines .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... liz said on 1/19/2008 @ 2:59 pm PT ...
I voted today in Columbia SC on one of these Ivotronic machines .
They are terribly confusing .
I am not sure if I cast my vote or not .
There was no way to assure me .
The screen makes you confirm your choice but after you press vote , you get NO CONFIRMATION >
BAD MACHINES > POORLY SPENT MONEY
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Bob In Pacifica said on 1/19/2008 @ 4:03 pm PT ...
Well , the same crappy machines will be used in South Carolina next Saturday when the Dems vote .
I hope they have enough paper in Horry County .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... fite4it said on 1/19/2008 @ 4:14 pm PT ...
The fact that cnn is reporting it makes me wary !!!
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... John Y said on 1/19/2008 @ 5:42 pm PT ...
This has more to do with NH than SC , so I hope it is appropriate enough to put it here .
This is from the Book VOTESCAM , which you can read parts of online .
I was thinking about the " secure " ballots in NH .
" A woman in her sixties examined a security box brought in by a precinct captain .
' Your seal is broken , ' she said .
' Yes , I know , 'the precinct captain replied .
Ken focused on the male clerk who had brought the seals in the paper sack .
' What are the extra seals for ? '
Ken asked .
' These ? ' ' Yes .
Those . '
' Oh , they 're just in case any come in broken or something .
'He shuffled them lightly about with his fingers . "
Most of the book is about purported vote scams in the computer age - starting around 1972 .
http://www.constitution.org/vote/votescam08.htm
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 1/19/2008 @ 6:35 pm PT ...
Exactly John Y , I 'm a judge of elections and all our memory cards are " protected " by is a dealy wop plastic tie thingy , as if I could n't have my own !
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 1/19/2008 @ 6:42 pm PT ...
And the god damn things sit over night (s ) at a place with acess to by a number of people !!!!!
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 1/19/2008 @ 6:56 pm PT ...
" we are just solid from a different point of view "
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 1/19/2008 @ 6:59 pm PT ...
Ya know , I went down to the evoting hearing in dc a couple of years ago and saw Professor Felton flip the vote in under 30 seconds with my own two eyes !
I say the new Holt bill should be madatory not a choice and STRICT chain of custody should be added also .
Then make the networks report the true status of vote counting in this country .
Lets see how us dumb americans act then !
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 1/19/2008 @ 7:03 pm PT ...
Thanks Dredd , jus checking .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... BillORightsMan said on 1/19/2008 @ 10:05 pm PT ...
HAVA NICE DAY !
While the crooks who cooked up HAVA ( Bob Ney & Jack Abramoff ) are sitting in jail , their work for the " permanent republican majority " is rippling throughout the country !
Every time something like this is reported in the corporopress , it is dismissed as a " glitch " , a rarity , a non-event that " a few voters " were affected .
I never thought I 'd hear about voting machine sleep - overs again after the fiasco in the Bilbray - Busby district , but here it is again !
And voters casting votes on " scraps of paper " ?
What , did they think that those would count ?
That they were " provisional " ballots ?
I agree with Steve Talbert @ # 12 " this is probably a good thing that it happened with a GOP election " because it should open some eyes on the Right to just how bad these machines are and therefore how fragile our hold is on our democratic republic .
John Gideon aptly points out ( worth repeating here )
" Also in question is whether memory cards will be saved between the two primaries , as per federal law . "
Will the " memory " cards be " initialized " again for the Dem primary , with a bunch of GOP tallies still on them ?
Or are they using separate " memory " cards ?
PAPER PEN AND PEOPLE !
imbillorightsmanandiapprovethismesage ( thanks everybody for the hard work ! )
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 1/19/2008 @ 10:15 pm PT ...
If what was done to those WH e-mails that undoubtedly would have implicated Rove , Cheney et al in Plamegate and in the U.S. attorney firings is any indication of what is happening / has happened / will happen to this election 's memory cards ... well , you can just kiss those little pieces of technology good - bye .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Liberty Belle said on 1/20/2008 @ 12:13 am PT ...
Glad to hear they 're allowing voters to create their own ballots from paper on hand .
I 'd rather vote on toilet paper than anything counted on an electronic voting machine !
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... molly said on 1/20/2008 @ 4:43 am PT ...
Bet those S.C. Republicans are scrappy !
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... randy said on 1/20/2008 @ 6:23 am PT ...
Were there any exit polls done ?
Did they match the results ?
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Doug Dingus said on 1/20/2008 @ 8:50 am PT ...
" Every time something like this is reported in the corporopress , it is dismissed as a " glitch " , a rarity , a non-event that " a few voters " were affected . "
This is why the stories should be challenged !
When fluff stuff like that is published , particularly online , mailing the author / producer , with simple questions like , " If this is just a glitch , why did California de-certify those same machines in use in South Carolina ? "
" Cite your source for facts that show these machines are operating in a manner that is trustworthy , and in line with state law . "
" Did you know it is not legal in South Carolina for the votes to be counted in secret ? " ( see comment above for that source )
Ask a direct question , professionaly , and when the answer is given ( if it 's given ) , you have a one shot conversation -- a chance for advocacy .
The conversation has moved to the point where " bad voting machines " can now be reported .
This is a good thing , and needs to be leveraged .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 1/20/2008 @ 10:40 am PT ...
COMMENT # 4 Zeke O\ 'Brien said on 1/19/2008 @ 11:39 am PT ...
Great that the mainstream media is finally reporting this stuff .
I ain't heard nothing about this on the west coast .
CNN , is not broadcast out here , satellite or cable only .
Corporate media , is not covering any EVM problems .
Voters / Citizens still do n't know there 's any problem , we hear a bunch of " feel good " speech segments / rolls by the " top candidates . "
No worthy substance , or relevance .
They press upon the public this is important , yet fail to realize the importance of electronic vote tabulation device failures themselves .
Corporate media gets a grade of F. e.g. FAILED . * " top candidates " means the top candidates defined by the " corporate media "
* " corporate media " should replace mainstream media
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... McGarth said on 1/20/2008 @ 10:45 am PT ...
Look the stage has been set , Clinton will somehow win with the help of the machines & the " Establishment " & we will see no change in this country .
The only way for the progressive movement to come forth atop is for the Repukes to again have the prezidency & keep running our country it into the Dump like it 's going .
Once the vile of the citizenry is awaken then & only then can the progressive agenda come atop once more .
HClinton will certainly not bring it forth .
But what is shocking is to see poor folks who have had their jobs out - sourced & the women whose families have been squeezed by the outsourcing lining up to support the Clintons .
It 's exactly why we are going under .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... KG Ellliott said on 1/21/2008 @ 4:57 pm PT ...
" .... Horry County South Carolina 's ES&S touch - screen voting machines are in a near total meltdown . "
Excuse me !
They did n't finish turning the machines on !!!
And yet here comes the black helicopters .
They did n't push the reset button .
It 's in the manual .
In fact it 's likely on a label on the bloody machine .
Everyone is so spooked about this that we forget that the best , easiest way to steel a vote count is to re-count paper ballots .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Joe Spenner said on 1/21/2008 @ 6:36 pm PT ...
Paper ballots are the only honest method for casting honorable votes .
COMPUTER VOTING IS WORSE THAN SENDING BLANK CHECKS THROUGH THE MAIL !
How many more electronic fiascos are needed to give a thumbs down on computers , after all the facts they have so often faked our sacred votes ?
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... BOB YOUNG said on 1/22/2008 @ 4:48 am PT ...
George Will : McCain is ' yesterday's maverick ' compared to Ron Paul David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Monday October 29 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This Following the broadcast of his interview with John McCain on ABC's This Week , conservative pundit George Will joked with his fellow panelists on the show , New York Times columnist Paul Krugman and Chrystia Freeland of the Financial Times , that McCain has recently been " doing much better with his base , which happens to be the media , which is why we read about it . "
" The media have always loved him and everyone in the media is happy to see him coming back , " agreed Freeman , but she said she saw some substance in McCain 's latest positions as well .
Will added , however , that " if [ Ron Paul ] hurts any candidate , it would be McCain .
McCain 's yesterday 's maverick .
This is serious maverickism . "
" Ron Paul is actually a true conservative , " commented Will 's fellow panelist , New York Times columnist Paul Krugman .
" He wants to eliminate Social Security .
He want to go back on the gold standard .
He 's the real thing . "
However , Krugman noted that the Republican Party does n't have a sufficient base of independent - minded voters for the Paul candidacy to get very far .
The panelists then discussed Rudy Giuliani 's declaration that he is a Boston Red Sox fan , and whether it means he is committing treason against the Yankees in an attempt to pander to New Hampshire primary voters .
" It does n't matter , though , " concluded Krugman .
" Everyone in New York hates Rudy .
That 's a place he does n't need to shore up his base because he does n't have one . "
Although polls have shown that Giuliani would not fare well in New York as a presidential candidate , Krugman may have been facetious in suggesting that everyone in the city actively hates him .
The following video is from ABC's This Week , broadcast on October 28 , 2007 .
Advertisements
Want a gift card ?
Participate in a presidential frontrunner survey !
Black holes come in two varieties : supermassive and stellar .
The supermassive variety can have millions of times
the mass of a star , while the stellar varieties are usually just a few times the mass of a single sun .
Using the Chandra X - Ray Observatory , astronomers have turned up the most massive stellar mass black hole ever seen , weighing in at 15.7 times the mass of the Sun , lurking in a nearby galaxy .
M33 is a relatively nearby galaxy , located only 3 million light years from Earth .
This newly discovered black hole has been designated as M33 X - 7 .
Astronomers using NASA ’s Chandra X - Ray Observatory and the Gemini telescope on Mauna Kea were able to precisely determine the black hole ’s mass because it ’s actually in a binary system .
Its binary partner is unusual too ; a star with 70 times the mass of the Sun .
M33 X - 7 orbits its companion star every 3.5 days , briefly passing behind it .
This blocks the torrent of X - rays streaming from the environment around the black hole , so that astronomers were able to calculate its orbit .
Once they could calculate the orbits of the two binary objects , it ’s relatively straightforward to calculate their respective masses .
The fate of the companion star will eventually match its partner .
“ This is a huge star that is partnered with a huge black hole , ” said coauthor Jeffrey McClintock of the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics in Cambridge , Mass .
“ Eventually , the companion will also go supernova and then we ’ll have a pair of black holes . ”
Although the black hole has less mass today , it must have started out with more .
With more mass in the original star , it would have consumed its fuel more quickly , and detonated as a supernova earlier .
Here ’s a puzzle , though .
Before the black hole formed , the two stars would n’t have been able to orbit so closely .
In fact , they would have been orbiting inside each other .
This means that they were once further apart , and the process of sharing their outer atmospheres brought their orbits closer together .
Original Source : Chandra News Release
( AOL Autos ) --
The 2008 Saturn Flextreme may be a concept , but it shows that General Motors is serious about putting advanced , fuel - efficient hybrids on American roads in the not too distant future .
Let 's put the Flextreme in perspective .
It 's Saturn 's follow - up version of the 2007's Detroit Auto Show concept hit , the Chevy Volt , and what 's important about this Saturn is the progress that it demonstrates .
Looking at what 's before you , it 's conceivable that GM will have a vehicle based on its purpose - built eFlex hybrid platform and powertrain technology in dealerships .
It could be as early as 2010 - 11 .
Driving range after leaving the house with a fully charged battery pack and a full tank of ultra - low - sulfur diesel is estimated to be 444 miles .
See other hot cars at show »
The ecologically minded plug - in Saturn features pure electric propulsion .
One motor drives both front wheels .
The on - board three - cylinder 1.3 - liter turbo - diesel is only used to charge the car 's lithium - ion battery pack .
The batteries may also be charged by a standard household current in about three hours .
Running on just electricity , the Flextreme is capable of driving up to 34 miles before the diesel engine fires up to pour juice back into the batteries .
This range , GM claims , will enable many drivers to own the vehicle for months or years without ever traveling far enough to require the Flextreme 's diesel engine to run during their normal commute , providing completely emissions - free operation .
Super low aerodynamics play a huge role in achieving greater driving range on electric - only power .
According to GM , aero is even more important than weight , so the Flextreme features many design touches that improve its aerodynamic drag coefficient ( Cd ) .
The base of the hood is pushed way forward , conventional stick - out rear - view mirrors are replaced by flush - mounted rear - view cameras , there are no exposed door handles , and the trailing edge of the roof remains high .
Each of these design elements help smooth the flow of air over the car , making it easier for the electric motor to do its job .
While the wheels look to have conventional spokes , the wheel face does n't create energy - robbing turbulence , another mpg-increasing touch .
Flextreme features " FlexDoors " and " FlexLoad " systems .
The FlexDoors feature conventionally opening front doors with reverse opening rears .
There is no conventional B - pillar -- something Saturn has used for years on its old Ion Coupe .
The FlexLoad system is more unusual , and consists of an electrically powered load floor that literally hands you your stowed luggage .
In keeping with the electrically - powered theme of this concept , the Flextreme carries twin Segway scooters in its cargo compartment .
The Saturn Flextreme shows that GM has taken yet another step toward production for their eFlex family of vehicles .
You could be driving electric before you know it .
E-mail to a friend
© 2009 AOL , LLC .
All Rights Reserved .
All About Alternative Fuel Vehicles • Hybrid Vehicles • Cars and Car Design
Not only is this Zero House by architect Scott Specht completely green , automatic and self - sufficient , but it looks so badass it could 've come out of the movie Clockwork Orange .
That extra wide roof holds a slew of high - efficiency solar panels that let you say goodbye to electric bills , powering the whole house and storing up enough extra energy in its batteries to keep everything running for a week , even if every single day is cloudy .
That 's just the beginning .
Advertisement
The house holds its water in a 2700 - gallon roof cistern , and the sheer weight of all that liquid pushes water through the plumbing .
When you flush the toilets , it all ends up in a compost container in the basement , which digests all that stuff organically , relieving you of attaching your abode to any sewage pipes .
Goodbye , civilization .
Advertisement
Even so , this house is highly civilized unto itself , with LED lighting built into the walls and ceiling , using very little power and lasting 100,000 hours without changing a single bulb .
It 's off - the - grid living , in gorgeous style .
Cantilevers , anyone ?
[ Architechnophilia , via Yanko Design ]
Poche affinità e tante divergenze tra le società IT e noi tecnici , ovvero come rendere la giungla un po ’ più vivibile e a portata d’uomo .
Riflessione sui generis sul rapporto tra tecnico e azienda .
Tecnocrazia
La Tecnocrazia , parola la cui etimologia deriva dalle parole greche τὴχνη tecne ( arte o tecnica ) e κράτο ς cratos ( potere ) , come forma di governo , significa letteralmente governo dei tecnici .
La definizione , presa direttamente dalla wikipedia italiana , non ha bisogno di ulteriori approfondimenti .
Perché ci interessa ?
Perché l’informatica è certamente tecnocratica .
Apple , fondata da Steve Wozniak , un hacker , e Steve Jobs , un appassionato di computer in grado di vedere un business in ciò che allora era poco più di un hobby .
Microsoft , nata dalla passione di Bill Gates , un giovane studente di Harvard , è partita dall ’implementazione di un interprete BASIC fino a detenere il 90 % di un mercato come quello dei sistemi operativi .
Yahoo , nata dal progetto personale di due studenti di Stanford , Jerry Yang e David Filo , capaci di vedere un business nel creare gerarchie di siti web dividendoli per categoria .
Google , fondata pochi anni più tardi da altri due studenti di Stanford , Sergey Brin e Larry Page , in grado di creare un impero da una idea semplice come organizzare il web relazionando i siti in base ai link da un sito all ’altro .
Gli esempi sono infiniti , da Red Hat a Oracle la tecnologia è in mano ai tecnici , che hanno creato nuovi mercati e compagnie in grado di sfruttarli .
Noi tecnici , senza accorgercene , sperimentiamo la tecnocrazia quotidianamente svolgendo il nostro lavoro , individuando i colleghi più preparati e assorbendone le conoscenze , ricambiandoli con rispetto e , inavvertitamente , sottomettendoci ai loro consigli e giudizi .
Un buon designer deve essere un folle per non seguire con estremo interesse un consiglio di Jeffrey Zeldman o Jason Fried , un programmatore non può ignorare Paul Graham .
In Italia , purtroppo , la situazione è ben diversa .
Il tecnico non è che un mezzo per raggiungere uno scopo , un operaio , la sua libertà decisionale è limitata all ’ambito implementativo quando chi sta sopra di lui non ha i mezzi per decidere o non vuole tale responsabilità .
Potrebbe sembrare un lieve vantaggio ma non lo è – se la featureset di un prodotto è errata ( o , spesso , semplicemente stupida ) , l ’implementazione può essere perfetta senza spostare di una virgola il valore intrinseco del prodotto .
Sarebbe bello poter dare la colpa alle aziende , ma non è così .
Il tecnico italiano è spesso il primo a sentirsi un operaio , a estranearsi da un progetto diventando un semplice “ timbra - cartellino ” , investendo pochissimo nella propria formazione o nel proprio miglioramento e compiendo scelte tecnologicamente molto discutibili , basate più che altro su ciò che le aziende più comunemente richiedono , senza farsi sfiorare dal dubbio che una tecnologia molto richiesta può trasformarsi nel giro di pochi mesi in una tecnologia eccessivamente richiesta .
Il risultato è un mercato sovraffollato di curriculum fotocopia , che rende la selezione del personale estremamente difficoltosa per le aziende , abbassando il valore di queste figure e infine creando un divario gigantesco tra tecnico senior e tecnico junior .
La cosa che pero ’ lascia più perplessi , è il fatto che il gusto personale non rientri nell ’equazione , ma anzi sia , nel migliore dei casi , relegato all ’hobby , alla cultura personale , o più comunemente a qualcosa di superfluo che che placidamente non si fa – ci sono da pagare le bollette qui , non c’è tempo per giocare .
Da una figura così , è difficile aspettarsi rivoluzioni .
Infatti non ce ne sono .
A quanto pare la situazione è paragonabile ad un cane che si morde la coda : abbiamo professionalità su cui spesso non vale la pena di investire , per aziende che in ogni caso non ne hanno la benché minima intenzione .
Rivolta
Il primo problema da trattare è puramente tecnologico : le aziende non sanno trattare con la tecnologia , e i tecnici si piegano troppo facilmente .
Una qualsiasi nuova tecnologia incontra un numero incredibile di resistenze all ’interno di qualsiasi azienda , dalla più piccola alla più grande , e più l’azienda è estesa più è difficile introdurre qualcosa di nuovo , anche nel momento in cui è conscia che potrebbe trarne grandissimo beneficio .
Tali aziende , al giorno d’oggi , pretendono di trovare personale già formato e velocemente inseribile nel loro staff tecnico , al più basso costo possibile ( il che è comprensibile ) , semplicemente per delegargli “ parti ” di progetto che internamente non sarebbero in grado di sviluppare .
Una volta usato , il tecnico se ne va per passare ad altro , nel vortice di insicurezze economiche e contrattuali che è il nostro paese al giorno d’oggi .
Chiaramente un tale approccio non può funzionare in ambito tecnologico , per l’evidente motivo che una tecnologia nuova ( e per “ nuova ” intendo una tecnologia come RubyOnRails , la cui versione 1.0 risale al Dicembre 2005 ) non ha ancora abbastanza sviluppatori per reggere tale carico .
In realtà nemmeno una tecnologia come Python possiede questa caratteristica , nonostante la user base gigantesca e le innegabili qualità tecniche ( Google e YouTube hanno certamente qualcosa da dire a riguardo ) .
Qui entrano in gioco le cosiddette Body Rental o , termine preferibile per concisione e chiarezza , gli Head Hunters .
Una azienda preferisce spendere una cifra sensibilmente più alta a causa della strabordante stupidità di questa situazione , cifra che poi verrà ripartita tra tecnico e intermediario in solo Dio sa che percentuali .
Una Body Rental , appunto , dispone di un range di figure professionali ben più ampio , range che le aziende clienti pagano profumatamente e con gli interessi , a scapito di chi poi il lavoro lo fa e con tutta probabilità preferirebbe di gran lunga essere dipendente dell ’azienda , senza intermediari di sorta , ma che non può visto che … beh , le aziende usano le BR .
La mentalità deve cambiare , nessun ingenuo può credere che l’arretratezza e la mediocrità tecnica , per fattori puramente logistico / organizzativi , possa far fiorire una industria come quella dell ’IT tipicamente e ovviamente basata sul progresso .
Rivoltiamoci .
Smettiamo di piegarci alle scelte tecnologiche fatte da chi non è in grado di farle , e smettiamo di chinare la testa di fronte alla pretesa di avere sempre un ricambio facile per la nostra posizione , ma piuttosto rendiamolo possibile convincendo le aziende che l’unica via alla riuscita di un progetto non è lo sviluppatore senior “ usa e getta ” , ma un vero e proprio lead developer in grado di usare le sue competenze tecniche per formare il personale e guidare pienamente lo sviluppo tecnico del prodotto , dandogli le giuste responsabilità .
Pretendiamo la carriera tecnica , il concetto per cui un ottimo sviluppatore diventerà un giorno un ottimo PM non è e non deve essere nostro , sono due figure differenti e che resteranno differenti , accumunate in modo piuttosto bizzarro da chi ha poca visibilità sui compiti e sulle competenze dell ’una e dell ’altra .
Soprattutto investiamo in noi stessi , non attraverso “ certificazioni ” dalla dubbia utilità , ma attraverso una crescita costante e appassionata delle nostre competenze e dei nostri interessi , evitando il più possibile di accettare cifre ridicole e soprattutto contratti ridicoli ( e quasi sempre illegali : quanti co.co.pro. non hanno l’obbligo di frequenza ? ) .
Ma investiamo tout court , investiamo anche sulle nostre idee , cerchiamo finanziatori , i costi di startup in questo periodo non sono incredibili , ed esistono un numero infinito di modi per raggiungere finalmente l’indipendenza ed il successo ( abbiamo addirittura un clone europeo di Y - Combinator ) , portando grossi benefici a noi stessi e al nostro mercato in perenne crisi di identità e in costante bisogno di esempi forti da seguire ( o per meglio dire , copiare ) .
E’ vero , può andare male , ma il gioco vale la candela , oltre all ’inconfutabile ed evidente osservazione che in effetti ci va già male .
E’ chiaro che la mentalità aziendale italiana non si piega a piacimento in 2 settimane , ma dovessimo cambiare anche gradualmente il nostro atteggiamento nei confronti del lavoro , lasceremmo veramente poca scelta – una azienda che non si adatta al proprio ambito e mercato è destinata a fallire molto velocemente .
Rivoluzione
La rivoluzione ( dal tardo latino revolutio , - onis , rivolgimento , cfr. re-volvere , rivolgere ) è un mutamento improvviso e profondo che comporta la rottura di un modello precedente e il sorgere di un nuovo modello .
Ancora una volta Wikipedia ci viene in aiuto .
Una rivoluzione è non solo auspicabile , ma direi necessaria onde non trovarsi in pochi anni ad essere un ulteriore paese di solo outsourcing , facendo fruttare le idee di chi le sa far fruttare ma senza ricavarne alcunché , e soprattutto con una moneta e una società forte che ci farebbe avere tutti i difetti di tale sistema , ma nessuno dei pregi .
Una rivolta dovrebbe portare le aziende a comprendere i benefici portati dal progresso tecnologico ( no , non sto parlando di marketing ) , in grado di farci rivaleggiare con i paesi più sviluppati , convincerle che il personale tecnico non è ne poco importante per le loro infrastrutture e per il loro business ne sostituibile con uno schiocco di dita , ma una parte fondamentale da far crescere e sviluppare in seno all ’azienda .
Dovrebbe convincerle ad investire nelle idee dei tecnici e a sviluppare senso critico per capire dove investire e come farlo , e questo non solo per il nostro bene , ma per il loro .
Certo , io sono un utopico ( sono uno sviluppatore dopotutto ) , ma non trovo così impossibile arrivare inizialmente ad un compromesso , soprattutto per coloro che non hanno famiglie a carico e un costo di vita esagerato – ovvero dove il compromesso è perfettamente accettabile .
Alla prossima analisi progettuale tecnicamente abbozzata ma straripante di termini “ enterprisey ” , avanziamo una proposta – un tecnico preparato ha per forza di cose argomenti per giustificare una scelta tecnica in cui crede – e soprattutto buttiamo sul tavolo motivazioni che possono attirare l’attenzione del management : maggiore produttività , minore richiesta di personale , formazione interna che faccia crescere il valore intrinseco del tecnico , maggiori motivazioni per il team , maggiore manutenibilità del software .
Vale la pena prendersi un minimo di responsabilità .
Un passo alla volta , ma un passo deciso .
By FIONA BARTON
Last updated at 17:35 28 December 2007
The assassination of Benazir Bhutto plunged Pakistan into violent turmoil last night and the western world into a state of trepidation .
The immediate fear was of civil war in the volatile , nuclear - armed nation where Islamic extremism flourishes .
The country 's charismatic and controversial former prime minister died after an assassin blew himself up by her car in the midst of thousands of her followers in the garrison town of Rawalpindi .
Scroll down for more ...
According to Sky News today , Al Qaeda had claimed responsibility for the assassination .
Protests erupted in major cities and by last night a dozen people had died , mostly in gun battles with police .
Security forces were on red alert .
Elsewhere trains were hijacked and set alight , banks were burned down , and government offices ransacked .
Scroll down for more ...
Plans for a general election , due to take place in 12 days , are now uncertain .
Gordon Brown and George Bush condemned the murder , while Pakistan 's president Pervez Musharraf appealed for calm .
There was no immediate claim of responsibility but suspicion fell on Islamic militants who have threatened repeatedly to kill the 54 - year - old former premier for becoming " an American stooge " .
But fingers will also be pointed at Inter - Services Intelligence , the agency that has had close ties to the Islamists since the 1970s and has been used by successive Pakistani leaders to suppress opposition .
Analysts say that President Musharraf himself is unlikely to have ordered the killing but that elements of the army and intelligence service would have stood to lose money and power if she had become premier .
Shortly before her return to Pakistan in October after eight years in exile , Bhutto told a newspaper : " They might try to assassinate me .
I have prepared my family and my loved ones for any possibility . "
Hundreds of riot police manned security checkpoints around Rawalpindi's Liaqat Bagh Park as Bhutto addressed an election campaign rally , telling the crowds : " I put my life in danger and came here because I feel this country is in danger .
" People are worried .
We will bring the country out of this crisis . "
Minutes later , there was carnage , chaos and panic .
At least 20 others were killed and dozens maimed in the blast .
Scroll down for more ...
The opposition leader of the Pakistan People 's Party was pulled from the wreckage of her vehicle and rushed to hospital where she underwent emergency surgery but could not be saved .
Body parts were scattered across the entrance to the park .
Police caps and shoes littered the asphalt and the clothing of victims was shredded .
The scene is just a few miles from where her father , another former prime minister , was executed 28 years ago and adds a further bloody chapter to the history of a political dynasty .
Both of Bhutto's brothers died in mysterious circumstances and she claimed Al Qaeda hitmen tried to kill her several times in the 1990s .
The most recent attempt on her life was in October , when she survived a suicide bombing which killed 140 at her homecoming parade .
Scroll down for more ...
After that attack she revealed that she had received a letter purporting to be from a friend of Osama bin Laden and threatening to slaughter her " like a goat " .
Her return was triumphant , but fraught with peril yet she was defiant to the end .
" Bhutto is alive !
Bhutto is alive ! " she shouted at a rally earlier this month .
For years the glamorous face of Pakistan politics , she had been photographed putting the finishing touches to her make up just minutes before her final address .
After speaking she left the podium , surrounded by plainclothes guards , and climbed into an armoured car .
As the vehicle made its way through the throng of supporters , she stood up to wave goodbye and the killer seized the moment .
It is not known how he was able to get close enough to try to shoot her and then blow up himself and her car .
While emergency services coped with the physical aftermath of the bombing , Pakistan 's political masters convened crisis meetings to discuss the country 's immediate future .
Scroll down for more ...
A spokesman for former cricketer Imran Khan 's opposition Pakistan Movement for Justice party said there was " a real danger " of civil war .
" The impact will be that Pakistan is in more turmoil - it will be the start of civil war in Pakistan . "
There were scenes of hysteria among Bhutto's supporters who gathered outside Rawalpindi General Hospital when they heard the news of her death .
Some smashed the glass door at the main entrance , others wept and one man beat his chest in anguish .
In surrounding streets , crowds chanted slogans against President Musharraf , accusing him of complicity in the attack .
Across the country , Bhutto 's supporters burned banks , state - run grocery stores and private shops .
At least four people were killed ahead of an election rally which had been due to take place close to Rawalpindi .
Several people died in protests in Karachi , capital of the Bhutto's heartland province of Sindh , where shots were fired at government buildings .
Akhtar Zamin , home minister for Sindh , said authorities would deploy troops to stop violence if needed .
Scroll down for more ...
Police in Peshawar , in the northwest , used batons and tear gas to break up a rally by protesters chanting anti-Musharraf slogans
Unrest was also reported in Quetta , Multan and Shikarpur .
There were fears of worse violence today fanned by the expected funeral .
According to Islamic tradition , funerals should be held as quickly as possible after a death .
Bhutto's body was being taken last night by special flight to her home town of Larkana in the south of the country .
Her husband Asif Zardari was flying to Pakistan from Dubai where he lived in exile .
Her three teenage children were also travelling to Pakistan .
Scroll down for more ...
•
Shadow over a political family
Benazir Bhutto is the latest victim of the curse that hovers over the Bhutto dynasty .
She will be laid to rest in the family mausoleum alongside her father who was hanged , a brother shot dead by police and another brother who died mysteriously in exile .
Her family 's involvement in public affairs stretches back to the days of the British Raj .
After independence , her father , Zulfikar Ali Bhutto , founded the Pakistan People 's Party and served as president from 1971 to 1973 and prime minister from 1973 to 1977 .
An inspiring orator , he was seen as the first Pakistani politician to speak directly to peasants and factory workers .
But in 1977 , Bhutto was deposed in a coup led by General Zia-ul Haq .
Two years later he was executed after being found guilty of vote - rigging , undermining the judiciary , evading taxes and authorising the murder of opponents .
His son , Shahnawaz , was found dead in Cannes in July 1985 , aged 27 , allegedly from poison .
With older brother Murtaza , he led the underground militant organisation , Al Zulfikar , bent on avenging their father 's death and overthrowing Zia 's military regime .
Murtaza died in a police shoot - out outside his Karachi home in September 1996 .
Benazir Bhutto's husband , Asif Ali Zardari , was charged over his death but cleared after eight years in jail .
There 's a new GNU PDF Project in the works to support the upcoming ISO standard PDF implementation and they need your help .
The FSF Europe has posted a new RMS video .
Conversion of software to the new GPLv3 license continues at a steady pace .
The SFLC files a history - making legal complaint against a GPL v2 violator and resolves a GPL v2 dispute between the BSD and Linux communities .
Unofficial Gnash Flash binaries for Windows are available .
GNU
Hurd gets IP v6 support and a new pfinet maintainer .
RMS will be speaking Columbia , Costa Rica , Japan , and the US this month .
Oh , and did I mention that new and improved versions of GNOME and GTK + have been released .?
The GNU PDF Project
The Free Software Foundation is calling for volunteers to assist with the new GNU PDF Project that will attempt to create a lightweight set libraries implementing the coming ISO standardized version of PDF , ISO 32000 ( aka PDF 1.7 ) .
The new libraries will also have support for PDF / A - 1 , ISO 19005 - 1:2005 , Extensible Metadata Platform , XMP , and XML Forms Architecture v2.4 ( XFA ) .
The GNU PDF Project libraries and programs are an official part of the GNU Project and will become part of the GNU System .
The project started by looking at the available free software support for any these technologies including things like Ghostscript , xpdf , poppler , and MuPDF +
Fitz but all of these packages have either technical or legal issues .
The project has already published a roadmap and started writing code .
If you 're a C programmer and would like to find out how you can help , join the development mailing list or visit the Savannah GNU PDF Project page .
FSF Europe
The FSF Europe has posted Ogg video of Richard Stallman 's 16 May 2007 speech titled , " Free Software and Beyond : Human Rights in the Use of Software and Other Published Works " ( Ogg video torrent seed ) .
The talk was given in cinema Draken in Gothenburg , Sweden
GPL News
Palamida 's GPLv3 Information site showed 734 GPLv3 packages this month , up from 534 last month .
The total seems to be climbing at about 200 per month .
But the latest GPL news is not the steady conversion to GPLv3 .
The big news is the GPL v2 lawsuit .
The Software Freedom Law Center filed a copyright infringement complaint ( PDF format ) against Monsoon Multimedia because they failed to abide by requirements of the GPLv2 license on BusyBox code when they incorporated that code into their own software , which was then distributed without making the source code available to recipients .
What makes this significant is that it is the first ever GPL violation lawsuit filed in the US .
Monsoon quickly issued a press release saying they wanted to settle .
In the past , violators of the GPL have been let off easy provided they agreed to comply with the license , however , Monsoon may not be so lucky .
The SFLC said in a statement to LinuxDevices.com , " simply coming into compliance now is not sufficient to settle the matter because that would mean anyone can violate the license until caught , because the only punishment would be to come into compliance .
I can't discuss the details of what additional things are being sought by our clients , but hopefully we 'll be able to shed light on that if / when we do reach an agreement " .
The SFLC has also been working to resolve a GPL - related dispute that arose between the BSD community and the Linux kernel developers over the Atheros wireless driver code .
The code was originally released under a permissive license .
Some of this code was incorporated into a GPL'd Atheros driver for Linux .
The trouble arose when the BSD camp wanted to incorporate the improvements and changes from the GPL'd Linux version of the code back into their codebase .
This was n't possible because the GPL adds protections of freedom that are n't provided by the BSD license and cannot be removed , making the code unusable to the BSD community .
The SFLC did a complete audit of the code and resolved the situation by getting all the contributors of the Linux code to agree to relicense their code under the permissive license used in the original codebase .
The SFLC has also now developed a set of guidelines for using permissive - licensed code in GPL projects .
Interestingly one of the things they discourage is the common use of " dual licensing " code under two conflicting licenses .
Gnash
While the primary purpose of Gnash is to provide Flash support to the GNU System , GNU / Linux , and other free operatings system , it may also be possible to use it on proprietary Windows systems .
In fact , an unofficial Windows binary of Gnash has been built and released by Dossy Shiobara .
GNU Hurd
Stefan Siegl posted about his work in adding IP v6 support to pfinet .
By the time you read this , IP v6 support should be committed to CVS .
Stefan will also be taking over as maintainer of the Hurd pfinet translator .
Carl Fredrik Hammar worked on the Hurd as part of a 2007 Google Summer of Code project .
Carl worked on an experimental implementation of libchannel , a framework that , among other things , provides an efficient way of stacking translators .
He posted a report about the results of the work on one of the Hurd mailing lists .
Vikram Vincent has volunteered to begin the task of rewriting the GNU Mach device driver glue code layer that allows GNU Mach to use Linux device drivers .
The current version of GNU Mach can only use Linux 2.0.x device drivers .
The plan is to update the glue code to allow the use of Linux 2.6 device drivers .
This would greatly expand the hardware support for the Hurd .
The number of developers working on the Hurd and GNU Mach contiues to be fairly small , so if you 'd like to help out , check in on the #hurd IRC channel or the bug - hurd mailing list .
There should be no trouble finding interesting things to work on .
GNU GCC News
The GCC team is still working towards a 4.3.0 release which will include a lot of nifty new features .
If you 're interested in working on compilers , visit the Contributing to GCC to find out how you can help .
GNOME News
The big GNOME News this month is the release of GNOME 2.20 .
The GNOME 2.20 Release Notes is the best introduction to all the new features and it includes lots of screen shots .
One of the many interesting new features that I expect to find useful is the intelligent battery profiling in Power Manager that learns about your battery over time to produce better estimate of the remaining run time .
It can warn you when you 're battery is no longer storing as much power as it should .
It also knows which batteries have been recalled by the manufacurer .
You can also read the Desktop Linux review of GNOME 2.20 .
This version of GNOME also relies on a new v2.12 release of the underlying GTK + toolkit , which boasts an impressive assortment of new features itself .
FSF High Priority Free Software Projects
The Free Software Foundation maintains a list of what they believe are the highest priority projects at any given time .
If you 're looking for something fun to work on or just want to make the world a better place , this is a good place to start .
" There is a vital need to draw the free software community 's attention to the ongoing development work on these particular projects .
These projects are important because computer users are continually being seduced into using non-free software , because there is no adequate free replacement .
Please support these projects . "
Where 's RMS This Month ?
RMS will be in Bogoto , Columbia on 10 October , speaking about the goals and philosophy of the Free Software movement .
On the 12th and 13th of October , he 'll be San Jose , Costa Rica talking about software patents and how they obstruct software development ( at the first talk ) and about the history and status of the GNU Operating System ( at the second talk ) .
On 17 October , it 's back to the US for a talk at Yale University in New Haven , CT .
On 26 October , he 'll be in Nagoya , Japan talking about Copyright and the problems of using the term " intellectual property " .
From there it's on to Tokyo Japan for another talk on 29 October .
For details and updates see the FSF upcoming events page .
This monthly news summary about the Free Software Foundation and GNU project was distilled down from FSF press releases , blogs , email lists , and website news pages .
The idea is to provide a concise summary of FSF / GNU news from the past month for those who do n't have the time or interest to find and read all the original news sources within that community .
This is a news summary about the FSF but it is not produced by or associated with the FSF in any way .
I 'm looking for a volunteer to take over writing this news summary each month .
It 's a minimal amount of work , taking no more than a few hours per month .
Treating children who have Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder ( ADHD ) with drugs has no advantage over other treatments in the long term , research has shown .
A study obtained by the BBC's Panorama programme says drugs such as Ritalin and Concerta work no better than therapy after three years of treatment .
The findings by an influential US study also suggested long - term use of the drugs could stunt children 's growth .
The Multimodal Treatment Study of Children with ADHD has been monitoring the treatment of 600 children across the US since the 1990s .
In 1999 , the American study concluded that after 14 months , medication worked better than behavioural therapy for ADHD .
DH STATEMENT
The Department of Health has issued a statement on the treatment of ADHD
The study now concludes that this advantage is lost after 36 months .
Most of the estimated 500,000 children in Britain with ADHD receive no treatment at all .
But of those that do , most - about 55,000 last year - are prescribed stimulants like Ritalin and Concerta .
The cost of these drugs to the NHS is about £ 28 m .
The National Institute for Clinical Excellence is currently revising the treatment guidelines for ADHD .
Panorama : What Next for Craig ?
BBC One 8.30 pm , Monday , 12 November 2007
Correction February 19 2010 : Following a ruling by the BBC Trust , this report has been amended and some material removed .
Details of the Trust 's finding can be found here .
The Panorama programme was also the subject of a ruling by the BBC's Editorial Complaints Unit , which can be found here .
The Gaza Strip is rapidly becoming one of the worst humanitarian disasters in the world .
Israel has cordoned off the entire area , home to some 1.4 million Palestinians , blocking commercial goods , food , fuel and even humanitarian aid .
At least 36 people have been killed in Israeli strikes since Tuesday and many more wounded .
Hamas , which took control of Gaza in June , has launched about 200 rockets into southern Israel in the same period in retaliation , injuring more than 10 people .
Israel announced the draconian closure and collective punishment Thursday in order to halt the rocket attacks , begun on Tuesday , when 18 Palestinians , including the son of a Hamas leader , were killed by Israeli forces .
This is not another typical spat between Israelis and Palestinians .
This is the final , collective strangulation of the Palestinians in Gaza .
The decision to block shipments of food by the United Nations Relief and Works Agency means that two - thirds of the Palestinians who rely on relief aid will no longer be able to eat when U.N. stockpiles in Gaza run out .
Reports from inside Gaza speak of gasoline stations out of fuel , hospitals that lack basic medicine and a shortage of clean water .
Whole neighborhoods were plunged into darkness when Israel cut off its supply of fuel to Gaza ’s only power plant .
The level of malnutrition in Gaza is now equal to that in the poorest sub-Saharan nations .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert uses words like war to describe the fight to subdue and control Gaza .
But it is not war .
The Palestinians have little more than old pipes fashioned into primitive rocket launchers , AK - 47s and human bombs with which to counter the assault by one of the best - equipped militaries in the world .
Palestinian resistance is largely symbolic .
The rocket attacks are paltry , especially when pitted against Israeli jet fighters , attack helicopters , unmanned drones and the mechanized units that make regular incursions into Gaza .
A total of 12 Israelis have been killed over the past six years in rocket attacks .
Suicide bombings , which once rocked Jerusalem and Tel Aviv , have diminished , and the last one inside Israel that was claimed by Hamas took place in 2005 .
Since the current uprising began in September 2000 , 1,033 Israelis and 4,437 Palestinians have died in the violence , according to the Israeli human rights organization B’Tselem .
B’Tselem noted in a December 2007 report that the dead included 119 Israeli children and 971 Palestinian children .
The failure on the part of Israel to grasp that this kind of brutal force is deeply counterproductive is perhaps understandable given the demonization of Arabs , and especially Palestinians , in Israeli society .
The failure of Washington to intervene — especially after President Bush ’s hollow words about peace days before the new fighting began — is baffling .
Collective abuse is the most potent recruiting tool in the hands of radicals , as we saw after the indiscriminate Israeli bombing of Lebanon and the American occupation of Iraq .
The death of innocents and collective humiliation are used to justify callous acts of indiscriminate violence and revenge .
It is how our own radicals , in the wake of 9/11 , lured us into the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq .
Israel has been attempting to isolate and punish Gaza since June when Hamas took control after days of street fighting against its political rival Fatah .
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , a Fatah leader , dissolved the unity government .
His party , ousted from Gaza , has been displaced to the Israeli - controlled West Bank .
The isolation of Hamas has been accompanied by a delicate dance between Israel and Fatah .
Israel hopes to turn Fatah into a Vichy - style government to administer the Palestinian territories on its behalf , a move that has sapped support for Fatah among Palestinians and across the Arab world .
Hamas ’ stature rises with each act of resistance .
I knew the Hamas leader Dr. Abdel Aziz al - Rantissi , who was assassinated by Israel in April of 2004 .
Rantissi took over Hamas after its founder , Sheik Ahmed Yassin , was assassinated by the Israelis in March of that year .
Rantissi was born in what is now Israel and driven from his home in 1948 during the war that established the Jewish state .
He , along with more than 700,000 other Palestinian refugees , grew up in squalid camps .
As a small boy he watched the Israeli army enter and occupy the camp of Khan Younis in 1956 when Israel invaded Gaza .
The Israeli soldiers lined up dozens of men and boys , including some of Rantissi ’s relatives , and executed them .
The memory of the executions marked his life .
It fed his lifelong refusal to trust Israel and stoked the rage and collective humiliation that drove him into the arms of the Muslim Brotherhood and later Hamas .
He was not alone .
Several of those who founded the most militant Palestinian organizations witnessed the executions in Gaza carried out by Israel in 1956 that left hundreds dead .
Rantissi was a militant .
But he was also brilliant .
He studied pediatric medicine and genetics at Egypt ’s Alexandria University and graduated first in his class .
He was articulate and well read and never used in my presence the crude , racist taunts attributed to him by his Israeli enemies .
He reminded me that Hamas did not target Israeli civilians until Feb. 25 , 1994 , when Dr. Baruch Goldstein , dressed in his Israeli army uniform , entered a room in the Cave of the Patriarchs , which served as a mosque , and opened fire on Palestinian worshipers .
Goldstein killed 29 unarmed people and wounded 150 .
Goldstein was rushed by the survivors and beaten to death .
“ When Israel stops killing Palestinian civilians we will stop killing Israeli civilians , ” he told me .
“ Look at the numbers .
It is we who suffer most .
But it is only by striking back , by making Israel feel what we feel , that we will have any hope of protecting our people . ”
The drive to remove Hamas from power will not be accomplished by force .
Force and collective punishment create more Rantissis .
They create more outrage , more generations of embittered young men and women who will dedicate their lives to avenging the humiliation , perhaps years later , they endured and witnessed as children .
The assault on Gaza , far from shortening the clash between the Israelis and Palestinians , ensures that it will continue for generations .
If Israel keeps up this attempt to physically subdue Gaza we will see Hamas - directed suicide bombings begin again .
This is what resistance groups that do not have tanks , jets , heavy artillery and attack helicopters do when they want to fight back and create maximum terror .
Israeli hawks such as Ephraim Halevy ( a former head of Mossad ) , Giora Eiland ( who was national security adviser to Ariel Sharon ) and Shaul Mofaz ( a former defense minister ) are all calling for some form of dialogue with Hamas .
They get it .
But without American pressure Prime Minister Olmert will not bend .
Israel , despite its airstrikes and bloody incursions , has been unable to halt the rocket fire from Gaza or free Cpl. Gilad Shalit , an Israeli soldier captured in the summer of 2006 .
Continued collective abuse and starvation will not break Hamas , which was formed , in large part , in response to Israel ’s misguided policies and mounting repression .
There will , in fact , never be Israeli - Palestinian stability or a viable peace accord now without Hamas ’ agreement .
And the refusal of the Bush administration to intercede , to move Israel toward the only solution that can assure mutual stability , is tragic not only for the Palestinians but ultimately Israel .
And so it goes on .
The cycle of violence that began decades ago , that turned a young Palestinian refugee with promise and talent into a militant and finally a martyr , is turning small boys today into new versions of what went before them .
Olmert , Bush ’s vaunted partner for peace , has vowed to strike at Palestinian militants “ without compromise , without concessions and without mercy , ” proof that he and the rest of his government have learned nothing .
It is also proof that we , as the only country with the power to intervene , have become accessories to murder .
Chris Hedges , the former Middle East bureau chief for The New York Times and author most recently of “ American Fascists : The Christian Right and the War on America , ” can be found every other Monday on Truthdig .
Did you know 44 % of organizations will struggle with skill gaps in the next five years ?
If you think your company might suffer from a skills gap , you may benefit from a learning management system .
Yet , if you ’ve never heard of this concept before , you may be asking yourself , “ what is a learning management system ? ”
Read on , and you ’ll learn what learning management system is .
If you want to eliminate employee skill gaps , you ’ll soon discover how a learning management system can help you .
Let ’s begin !
1. What Is a Learning Management System ?
In simple terms , a learning management system ( LMS ) is a piece of software that helps companies train staff .
So , suppose you own a company , and you want your staff to learn a new skill .
You can use the LMS to manage the documents and lectures associated with this skill .
You can then direct people to the LMS , and they can learn everything they need to know about a given topic .
2. What Are the Benefits of an LMS ?
Now that we ’ve explored what an LMS is , we ’ll now cover some of the benefits of LMS .
One of the great things about an LMS is its ability to act as a central database .
All learning materials are now in one location , and this is especially helpful as you no longer have to keep track of paper worksheets and exams .
Another good thing about an LMS is that it makes employee onboarding easier .
You can direct new hires to the training materials on the LMS , and they can quickly get up to speed .
Furthermore , an LMS can also help you lower the costs associated with employee training .
With an LMS , training is done ‘ in - house , ’ and so employees do n’t need to leave your premises .
This can save a lot of money because you no longer have to cover the costs associated with travel .
You also do n’t have to pay for the use of an external training center .
LMS ’s are also good because they make it easy for you to track employee progress .
Without an LMS , you ’d have to rely on an employee ’s word in regard to whether they ’ve completed a certain kind of training .
This is not the most reliable approach as the employee might not be honest when reporting their progress .
Well , if you use an LMS , you do n’t need to worry about this , as everything is tracked digitally .
You will have a central dashboard that you can review , and this dashboard will tell how much training a person has gone through .
3. What Are the Downsides of an LMS ?
Earlier , we covered some of the benefits of using an LMS .
Thus , it ’s only right that we now cover some of the downsides of this approach .
Perhaps the biggest downside of using an LMS is that it can seem impersonal .
After all , people will not be interacting with ‘ real ’ teachers anymore , as all their learning will now take place in a digital environment .
Some people struggle with this approach to learning , and so you may experience poor results because of this .
This problem could also affect the people that are delivering the lectures .
These individuals might be used to delivering lectures to a full class , and they might ’ve done their best work this way .
Yet , if you use an LMS , teachers will need to get used to crafting their training materials for this new system .
This can take some adjustment , and some teachers might have a hard time switching from in - person to digital lectures .
Additionally , you ’ll also need to teach people how they can use the LMS .
This can be a drawn - out process , and you might need to hire an employee that can manage support queries associated with the LMS .
4. Tips on Implementing an LMS
Implementing an LMS can be difficult , and it ’s not something you should rush into .
Ideally , you should think about hiring a company that understands the basics of implementing an LMS .
Such companies will know how to implement an LMS , without harming your existing IT infrastructure .
When you ’re looking to hire an implementation company , make sure you ask them for case studies .
These case studies will help you determine how much disruption you ’ll have to deal with during the installation process .
You can then use this information when you ’re scheduling events within your company .
If you want to get the best results from an LMS , you might need to invest in extra IT equipment .
That ’s because there will now be a greater need for computers within your organization , as people will need them for training .
If you do n’t address this bottleneck , employees might have to join a long queue to get the training they need .
You might also need to select a few rooms in your building that are dedicated to the LMS .
This is because people will use the system a lot , and you need to give them a quiet learning space .
You also need to ensure you backup your LMS , in case the system breaks down .
Fortunately , most LMS ’s come with an inbuilt backup feature that allows you to save documents to the cloud or a physical disk .
You just need to make sure you use this feature often so that you ’re safe in the event of system failure .
Will You Invest in a Learning Management System ?
Congratulations !
You should now have no problem when it comes to answering the question , “ what is a learning management system ? ”
If you have some doubts about using an LMS , think about implementing this concept in one department .
In doing so , you can test - drive an LMS , without causing a lot of disruption .
During this process , you might want to note some of the problems you encountered and how you overcame them .
You can then use this knowledge if you decide to roll out the LMS to the rest of your company .
Would you like to read some more content like this ?
Go to our blog to see some of the new posts on our site !
If you ca n’t wait until next year to get your hands on a Project Epoc EEG cap , never fear : a German company called g.tec ( Guger Technologies ) is now offering the world ’s first commercially available brain computer interface ( BCI ) .
g.MOBIlab is a light - weight biological signal acquisition and analysis system .
The EEG cap records the electrical activity of the brain , which is amplified and sent , either wirelessly by Bluetooth or via the USB port , to a desktop PC , notebook or pocket PC running signal analysis software .
With training , the signals can be used to compose and send messages or play computer games .
There ’s also an invasive version , which is still in the experimental stages .
This uses electrocorticography instead – electrical activity from the premotor and motor cortices is recorded by a microelectrode array implanted into the surface of the brain .
The system can record eye movements , pulse , respiration and galvanic skin response , and also comes with an electrocardiograph and electromyograph ( for measuring the electrical activity of the heart and muscle , respectively ) .
It has been nominated for the 2007 European ICT Grand Prize .
This short film clip shows the system being used to navigate a computer character through a virtual environment .
( Incidentally , the clip was produced by Mel Slater , a computer scientist at UCL , who is using virtual reality for social psychological studies that would otherwise be too unethical . )
[ via Gizmag ]
Last year our monthly expenses increased quite a bit since our housing costs went up by around 40 % .
It was a huge jump for us , but we already live below our means so we knew we could handle it .
Still , I did n’t want to be house poor and be scraping by just to pay the bills .
It feels great when you can afford your basic expenses and have a little extra to enjoy as you please or stash away in savings .
To ensure we had enough money to provide sufficient breathing room , we focused on finding simple ways to cut our spending .
Choosing to cut your monthly spending does n’t have to be a painful effort .
Here are some easy ways to cut your spending if you ’re looking to get started and see how much you can save .
Make Sure Your Home is Energy Efficient
A lot of people underestimate the importance of having an energy - efficient home .
It ’s not only good for the Earth , but it can also help you keep your utility bills pretty low .
Low flow fixtures can help you save money on your water bill and they ’re easy to install .
Having the proper insulation along with a programmable thermostat can also keep your home warmer during the winter so you can withstand running the heat so often .
Energy - efficient windows can help regular temperatures in the house and also reduce your overall heating and cooling costs .
Sometimes it does n’t require a lot of effort or money to make your home more energy - efficient .
Just focus on taking it one step at a time .
If you rent , you can request your landlord make certain changes or even help you cover the costs for them .
Stream TV Shows and Movies
I enjoy watching TV every week , but I ’m not going to pay $ 100 – $ 300 per month on a cable bill and other miscellaneous bundled services .
Cable companies are sneaky .
They try to sell you expensive T.V. packages and bundle other services you may or may not need in order to make extra money .
An easy way to cut your monthly spending involves cutting the cord and streaming T.V. shows instead .
Services like Hulu and Netflix are pretty cheap .
We only have Netflix currently , and we use it to watch popular movies and T.V. shows .
I also watch some T.V. shows for free on YouTube .
Finally , there ’s always the library if you do n’t want to stream content .
You can always rent a movie or television show series for free .
Get Some Exercise
I enjoy having a gym membership although I do switch it up every now and then and cancel it .
I like taking advantage of holiday sales when it comes to saving money on gym enrollment and monthly fees .
Sometimes you can even get a free 30 - day trial at many gyms .
Needless to say , you can always get rid of your gym membership and still get plenty of exercise in .
This is what I did when we were trying to save more money .
I used to pay $ 125 per month for a kickboxing membership .
I noticed I was n’t going as often as I wanted so I decided to get rid of it .
I was still able to do active things like going on walks , riding my bike , hiking , and lifting weights at home .
The best part ?
It was absolutely free .
Buy Snacks in Bulk to Keep In Your Car
This is one of my favorite easy ways to cut your monthly spending .
My worst and most common impulse purchase is random snacks .
I may be out and about running errands one day and feel the urge to stop for a soft drink or a snack .
As you can imagine , these little unplanned expenses can add up quickly over time .
To avoid wasting all your extra money on sporadic snacking , buy snacks you like in bulk and keep them with you .
You can store snacks in your purse , backpack , car , etc .
I literally have a box of granola bars that I keep in my trunk .
It helps me satisfy my snack craving on the go without having to buy those expensive $ 3 or $ 4 granola bars in the gas station .
I also bring my water bottle with me whenever I go somewhere so I wo n’t have to be tempted to buy beverages when I ’m out either .
Switch to a Free Checking Account
Are you paying ridiculous checking account fees ?
You should n’t have to pay a ton of money just to keep your money at a bank .
Check your account to see if you ’re paying any avoidable fees .
Ask your bank if you can waive them in the future but be ready to switch if they refuse .
There are tons of quality banks you can choose that do n’t charge a ton of fees for no reasons .
Try an online bank like Capital One 360 .
There are no maintenance or overdraft fees and no minimum balance requirements .
You can earn interest on your balance and open up over 20 different savings accounts for free .
Try an online bank like Capital One 360 .
There are no maintenance or overdraft fees and no minimum balance requirements .
Click To Tweet
Make Your Lunch and Coffee At Home
Stop eating your money .
I ’ll be the first to say that I enjoy dining out , but when I do it all the time it gets pretty old and does n’t seem as special .
Commit to picking how many times you can comfortably spend money on restaurant meals .
Then , prepare your meals at home and bring your lunch to work most of the time .
You ’ll easily save $ 1,000 + per year doing this .
The same goes for coffee .
Drive past Starbucks each morning and make your coffee at home instead .
You ’ll still get your caffeine fix but at a fraction of the cost .
Deciding to cut your monthly spending is one of the best ways to make sure you have enough cash flow to exceed your expected and unexpected needs .
I encourage you go through your budget line by line to determine the best ways you can cut spending and save .
Which areas of your spending can you cut and how much do you expect to save as a result ?
A Cryptome DVD is offered by Cryptome .
Donate $ 25 for a DVD of the Cryptome 10 + - years archives of 39,000 files from June 1996 to December 2006 ( ~ 4.1 GB ) .
Click Paypal or mail check / MO made out to John Young , 251 West 89th Street , New York , NY 10024 .
Archives include all files of cryptome.org , cryptome2.org , jya.com , cartome.org , eyeball - series.org and iraq - kill - maim.org .
Cryptome offers with the Cryptome DVD an INSCOM DVD of about 18,000 pages of counter - intelligence dossiers declassified by the US Army Information and Security Command , dating from 1945 to 1985 .
No additional contribution required -- $ 25 for both .
The DVDs will be sent anywhere worldwide without extra cost .
11 February 2007
A sends :
You mention on your website that you are interested in declassified government documents .
I have three FOIA disclosures in Acrobat PDF format on a government patent capable of simulating hallucination and harassing targets that I would like to have web posted so that I could reasonably reference them in articles .
These disclosures were obtained by Sharon Weinberger in research for a Washington Post Sunday Magazine article entitled " Mind Games " published Jan. 14 , 2007 that is the first mainstream press mention of this type of technology .
The FOIA inquiry was made to the Air Force Research Laboratory 's Directed Energy Division for disclosures regarding to the patent :
O'Loughlin JP , Loree DL : Method and device for implementing the radio frequency hearing effect .
US patent # 6470214 , Granted Oct 22 , 2002
to which rights were assigned to the Air Force .
Attached is the email describing the document origin as from the Air Force Research Laboratory 's [ AFRL ] Directed Energy Division .
The AF RL document is apparently an application form within the Air Force for support by the Air Force of the patent process , and is redacted in places .
On the top of page 3 under government uses is listed a psychological warfare communication tool .
Even though the patent refers to radio frequency hearing , the phenomenon is the same as microwave hearing with radio frequency being just a broader term including lower frequencies that have been shown to produce the same effect .
This patent is capable of speech transmission through walls and was followed by another patent :
O'Loughlin JP , Loree DL : Apparatus for audibly communicating speech using the radio frequency hearing effect .
US patent # 6587729 , Granted July 1 , 2003
Apparently these patents represent the second time that this capacity has been developed ( apparently previously on a more classified basis ) , and represent slightly different methods from earlier references to development .
When coupled to target tracking as well as thru - wall radar capability , these methods may be the basis of electronic harassment complaints by a number of people .
With considerable references these issues are treated in an article at :
The disclosures advance the case that this technique is already developed and validly functional .
Attached is a 1994 document titled Theory and Analysis of RF Hearing and Invention Disclosure . . . , that provides some slight detail about initial experiments by O'Loughlin & Loree .
Further experimental detail was denied .
In the PDF file on page 10 are pages that are listed as an attachment to the form number identical to the Disclosure and Record of Invention form .
Again , the origin of the document is from the Air Force Research Laboratory 's Directed Energy Division for FOIA inquiry relative to the US patent # 6470214 .
Email addresses removed by Cryptome .
[ E- mail attachment ]
DISCLOSURE AND RECORD OF INVENTION : A Method for Encoding & Transmitting Speech by Means of the Radio Frequency Hearing Phenomena , 1 November 1994 rf-speech - 02.pdf ( 2 pages , 422KB )
From : Jim O'Loughlin , AFRL / DEHA 853 8183 30 Aug 01
To : Ken Callahan , JA [ Judge Advocate ]
Subject : Comments on AFB00148 , RF Hearing
__________
From : James O'Loughlin , Diana Loree ; Inventors , PL / WSR 01 Nov 94 Subject : Theory and Analysis of RF Hearing , and Invention Disclosure of Encoding Speech on an RF Signal Which Intelligibly Transmits That Signal to the Hearing Receptors of a Human ( 10 pages ) To : File / Record / Distribution
Vintage Pop Culture
At Wolfgang 's you 'll find the world 's finest concert Posters , Photography and Clothing all in one place .
Posters with jaw - dropping designs from legendary shows .
Photography featuring iconic performers and photographers .
Concert T- Shirts in men's , women 's and children 's sizes .
Hard - to - find jazz and rock vinyl .
And an extensive collection of vintage Magazines , Comics and Books .
Cheers !
9/11 , Iraq : Cheney again claims tie / VP attacks Dems for first time since Libby conviction
Vice President Dick Cheney delivers remarks at the American Israel Public Affairs Committee 2007 Policy Conference in Washington , Monday , March 12 , 2007 .
( AP Photo / Gerald Herbert ) Vice President Dick Cheney delivers remarks at the American Israel Public Affairs Committee 2007 Policy Conference in Washington , Monday , March 12 , 2007 .
( AP Photo / Gerald Herbert ) Photo : Gerald Herbert Photo : Gerald Herbert Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close 9/11 , Iraq : Cheney again claims tie / VP attacks Dems for first time since Libby conviction 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
2007-03-13 04:00:00 PDT
Washington -- Vice President Dick Cheney , lashing out at Democrats for the first time since the felony conviction of Lewis " Scooter " Libby , his former top deputy , resumed his controversial claims Monday that the war in Iraq is the central front in the worldwide U.S. response to the Sept. 11 attacks .
Cheney linked Iraq and al Qaeda even though post- invasion reports by the Senate Intelligence Committee and the presidential Commission on Intelligence Capabilities found no link between Saddam Hussein and al Qaeda before the U.S. - led invasion on March 19 , 2003 .
In remarks to the American - Israel Public Affairs Committee , Cheney contended that U.S. Marines face al Qaeda operatives in Anbar province , that the U.S. - Iraqi security crackdown has unmasked al Qaeda car bomb operations in Baghdad and that Osama bin Laden has promised to make Baghdad the capital of a radical Islamic empire reaching from Indonesia to Spain .
" As we get farther away from 9/11 , I believe there is a temptation to forget the urgency of the task that came to us that day , and the comprehensive approach that 's required to protect this country against an enemy that moves and acts on multiple fronts , " Cheney told the annual conference of the pro-Israel group , which interrupted his speech at least 27 times with applause .
" Iraq 's relevance to the war on terror simply could not be more plain , " Cheney said .
He said al Qaeda terrorists have made Iraq the central front in the U.S. war against terrorism .
The U.S. invasion , occupation and counterinsurgency campaign in Iraq over the past four years has claimed the lives of at least 3,193 U.S. soldiers , wounded 23,785 other GIs and cost taxpayers more than $ 400 billion .
Cheney spoke as part of the Bush administration 's public relations offensive to win congressional support for the president 's decision to send at least 26,100 additional U.S. combat and support troops to Iraq to try to stem bloodshed in Baghdad and Anbar province .
The administration also seeks congressional approval of an additional $ 100 billion to finance the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Cheney has long contended that the U.S. invasion of Iraq four years ago this month was justified in part because of suspected ties between Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein and al Qaeda .
But a 148 - page report released by the Republican - led Senate Intelligence Committee in September showed that U.S. intelligence agencies disagreed with Bush administration claims of links between Hussein and al Qaeda .
Cheney 's hard - hitting remarks represented a symbolic rejoinder to some critics ' contention -- and some Democrats ' hopes -- that the vice president might be sidelined by the federal felony conviction of Libby last week .
Libby , facing sentencing June 5 , ran afoul of a special prosecutor 's investigation into an effort by Cheney to smear a prominent anti-Iraq war critic who raised questions about Bush 's effort to justify the Iraq invasion with claims that Hussein tried to buy nuclear weapons materials in Africa .
Cheney spoke six days after Libby , his former chief of staff and national security adviser , was convicted for obstruction and false statements .
" When members of Congress pursue an anti-war strategy that 's been called slow bleed , they 're not supporting the troops , they 're undermining them , " Cheney declared .
" When members of Congress speak not of victory but of time limits , deadlines or other arbitrary measures , they 're telling the enemy simply to watch the clock and wait us out . "
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - Germany has barred the makers of a movie about a plot to kill Adolf Hitler from filming at German military sites because its star Tom Cruise is a Scientologist , the Defense Ministry said on Monday .
Tom Cruise presents the Hersholt Humanitarian Award at the 79th Annual Academy Awards in Hollywood , California , February 25 , 2007 .
Germany has barred the makers of a movie about a plot to kill Adolf Hitler from filming at German military sites because Cruise is a Scientologist , the Defence Ministry said on Monday .
REUTERS / Gary Hershorn
Cruise , also one of the film ’s producers , is a member of the Church of Scientology which the German government does not recognize as a church .
Berlin says it masquerades as a religion to make money , a charge Scientology leaders reject .
The U.S. actor has been cast as Colonel Claus von Stauffenberg , leader of the unsuccessful attempt to assassinate the Nazi dictator in July 1944 with a bomb hidden in a briefcase .
Defense Ministry spokesman Harald Kammerbauer said the film makers “ will not be allowed to film at German military sites if Count Stauffenberg is played by Tom Cruise , who has publicly professed to being a member of the Scientology cult ” .
“ In general , the Bundeswehr ( German military ) has a special interest in the serious and authentic portrayal of the events of July 20 , 1944 and Stauffenberg ’s person , ” Kammerbauer said .
Cruise ’s publicists could not be reached for comment .
Stauffenberg had been deeply opposed to the Nazis ’ treatment of the Jews and planted a briefcase bomb under a table near Hitler in his “ Wolf ’s Lair ” headquarters on July 20 , 1944 .
The bomb went off but only wounded the Fuehrer .
The film , slated for a 2008 release and to be directed by Bryan Singer and co-starring Kenneth Branagh , is called “ Valkyrie ” after Operation Valkyrie , the plot ’s codename .
The main site of interest would be the “ Bendlerblock ” memorial inside the Defense Ministry complex in Berlin .
This is where Stauffenberg and his co-conspirators hatched the plot and where he and his closest comrades were executed when it failed .
Kammerbauer said the ministry had not yet received official filming requests from the producers of “ Valkyrie ” .
Turn a mag light into a burning laser Views : 56529
Posted by abum
13 years ago
RECENT TAGS
You have to enable JavaScript in your browser to view media Impress your friends , burn out their eyes , or light a match !
Add comment ?
If you want to add and read comments , you must be logged in .
Sign up or login if you already have an account .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- State Department officials should serve where they are needed -- even in war - torn Iraq , U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said Friday .
U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza
Rice says that " people need to serve where they are needed . "
Rice was responding to foreign service officers ' objections to the possibility of " directed assignments " in Iraq .
The issue has caused an uproar in the State Department , resulting in a contentious town hall - style meeting Wednesday .
The new directives would be needed if enough qualified foreign service officers do n't step forward to fill open positions at the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad .
If the State Department enforces directed assignments , it will be the first time since the Vietnam War era .
One official called the order to serve in Iraq " a potential death sentence " during the town meeting .
The State Department already has begun notifying about 200 people considered prime candidates .
Those chosen will be given 10 days to respond , according to last week 's announcement .
Unless they have a valid medical reason to refuse , those who decline could face dismissal , it said .
Wednesday 's heated meeting was replayed on an internal State Department television channel in Washington several times and talked about widely .
Some at the hourlong meeting questioned why they were not told of the policy change directly , learning about it instead from news organizations last week .
Watch the diplomats exchange angry words »
" I just have no respect for the whole process because you 've demonstrated a lack of respect for your own colleagues , " said foreign service officer Jack Croddy .
" Thank you for that comment .
It 's full of inaccuracies , but that 's OK , " Harry Thomas Jr. , director general of the foreign service , shot back .
Others pointed out the risks of such assignments , considering the dangers of a war zone , lack of security and regular rocket attacks on U.S. personnel .
Rice , who did not attend the meeting , tried to calm things down Friday by underscoring the State Department 's attempts to do " everything that we can to try and protect our diplomats . "
However , she said , " This is one of the highest priority tasks of the United States , and we 're going to meet our obligations . "
Speaking to reporters en route to Turkey and the Mideast , she said , " I do n't know if we will have direct assignments or not , but we are one foreign service , and people need to serve where they are needed . "
The secretary sent out a cable to State Department employees worldwide encouraging them to serve in Iraq .
" This year [ U.S. Ambassador Ryan Crocker ] has identified the need for additional positions to more effectively accomplish our mission in Iraq , " Rice said in the cable .
Rice said she has decided to go forward with the identification of officers to serve , " should it prove necessary to direct assignments . "
" Should others step forward , as some already have , we will fill these new jobs as we have before -- with volunteers .
However , regardless of how the jobs may be filled , they must be filled , " she said .
Rice earlier said reports that the State Department was finding it hard to coax foreign service employees into Iraq " could n't be further from the truth . "
The assignments are new positions .
Fifteen people have stepped forward to volunteer for Iraq service since the new policy was announced October 26 , department spokesman Sean McCormack said .
McCormack rejected comments by Rep. Duncan Hunter , R- California , that State Department employees are " nervous Nellies " and that wounded U.S. military veterans should be asked to fill the Iraq vacancies .
McCormack said until now the State Department has been successful in filling jobs in Iraq with volunteers .
Since 2003 , more than 1,500 personnel have volunteered to go to Iraq , he said .
But with the expansion of the staff in Iraq this year , 58 spots were left open .
" They are serving in dangerous and challenging places , " he said .
" We have a lot of brave people who are stepping up to the plate in Anbar and Basra and Baghdad and Kabul and a lot of other places that are not necessarily in the headlines . "
State Department employees have been killed in Iraq , but McCormack could not say how many .
E-mail to a friend
CNN 's Zain Verjee and Charley Keyes contributed to this report .
All About Condoleezza Rice • U.S. Department of State • Iraq
By Rory Cellan- Jones
Technology correspondent , BBC News
World of Warcraft is played by more than nine million people
Activision and Blizzard have said they will form " the world 's most profitable games business " in a deal worth $ 18.8 bn ( £ 9.15bn ) .
US - based Activision also makes hit console games such as the Tony Hawk series and Guitar Hero .
Nine million people pay a monthly subscription to play World of Warcraft .
' High - growth industry '
Blizzard is the biggest player in online gaming and World of Warcraft is the global market leader of what are known as massively multi-player online role - playing games , or MMORPGs .
It is currently owned by the French media group Vivendi .
As part of the merger plan , Blizzard will invest $ 2bn in the new company , while Activision is putting up $ 1bn .
The merged business will be called Activision Blizzard and its chief executive will be Activision 's current CEO Bobby Kotick .
Vivendi will be the biggest shareholder in the group .
Jean -Bernard Levy , Vivendi chief executive , said : " This alliance is a major strategic step for Vivendi and is another illustration of our drive to extend our presence in the entertainment sector .
" By combining Vivendi 's games business with Activision , we are creating a worldwide leader in a high - growth industry . "
Different strengths
The two firms are hoping that their different strengths will combine to form a business which is powerful on every gaming platform and in every territory .
Blizzard is strong in Asia , where its Starcraft series has proved hugely popular .
Starcraft , a strategy game first released in 1998 , is played by millions of South Koreans in gaming cyber-cafes , and by professional gamers on television .
Activision has developed a presence on all three new generation game consoles - Microsoft's Xbox 360 , Sony 's PlayStation 3 and the Nintendo Wii - with franchises such as Spider - Man and X - Men .
The games software industry has been through turbulent years , with companies changing ownership and going in and out of business in rapid succession .
Activision was formed in 1979 and went through bankruptcy and a series of alliances and mergers before becoming successful .
Blizzard had been through a number of owners before ending up in the hands of Vivendi in 1998 .
Since it ’s tax season , a thought has entered my head that I ’ve never gotten a satisfying answer to .
Why does everyone seem to think its great to get a tax refund every April ?
Think about it for a second .
When you get a tax refund it bascially means that you ’ve overpaid your taxes for the previous year .
Yea , you get your money back but Uncle Sam does n’t pay interest does he ?
Of course not .
Would n’t it be better if you had that money back in July rather than getting it ten months later ?
One would think most people would figure that out , but somehow everyone has bought into the IRS ’s refund scam .
Getting a tax refund basically means you ’ve given an interest free loan to the government .
Who wants to do that ?
So remember .
If you ’re paying taxes this April , you ’re doing good ( and do it at the last minute , there ’s no reasons for the government to get your money any earlier than it needs to ) .
If you ’re paying , you ’ve just lost a sucker ’s bet .
Adjust your withholding and keep your money in your own pocket .
[ Phil Stearns and AANN : install @ Soundwalk 2007 ]
Audio clip of AANN
Video of AANN from SoundWalk2007 Install
An Introduction of Sorts :
During my two week residency at STEIM , I was furiously constructing many little electronic sculptures .
50 identical sculptures , piece by painstaking piece .
Though I had not named it at the time , I was calling the project the “ neural network piece . ”
As of September 22 , 2007 , the “ neural network piece ” stands completed and officially named AANN .
AANN is a very uncreative however appropriate name , being an acronym for Analog Artificial Neural Network .
[ AANN : install @ Soundwalk 2007 ]
Description of Project :
AANN is quite possibly the most absurdly meticulous project I ’ve dreamed up , worked out , and fully realized .
She is a strange very geometric looking jumble of electronic components held together by many meticulously formed pieces of various gauge bare bus wire , interconnected by crisscrossing webs of warm colored insulated wire .
The overall form resembles something like a cross between a deep - sea rover , a stripped down spaceship , a high energy laser , and a squid .
In fact , there is something life - like to the design of the electronics which comprise AANN .
Two ear - like microphones pick up sounds and eye - like photocells detect changes in light , which then trigger a chain reaction of pulses through many organized layers of identical parts .
These identical parts are meant to function as biological neurons .
Indeed , the overall function of the electronic sculpture is to mimic a small neural cluster .
AANN responds to stimuli by lighting up a red LED on each of the neurons with as they fire with the final group of neurons actually producing sound from three small speakers located on her rear .
Any attempt to make conversation in AANN ’s presence : whether it ’s about her or not : will be rudely interrupted by an abrupt tone swooping downwards in pitch like a discontented whine .
AANN is loud enough that in the right conditions , she will quite literally begin talking to herself .
Attempts to interrupt her when she ’s in one of these vicious cycles of self - call and self - response are futile , as oftentimes she ’s the only one who can talk herself out of talking to herself .
Though there was a mild degree of intelligence in her design , it ca n’t be said that AANN herself is intelligent .
Consisting of only 45 crude neurons , AANN hardly possesses the necessary gray matter requisite for intelligence as we have come to term it .
However , 45 Neurons does allow for some interesting generative and dynamical behavioral patterns which emerge in those wonderful moments when she ’s intently listening to herself listen to herself .
In the end , anthropomorphizing is the best way to convey the complexity of ideas behind the birthing of such a project , which in the next few paragraphs and through some fun illustrations , I will attempt to retrospectively document and account for .
A Longish Story :
The development of AANN started in December 2007 with the idea of creating a network of electronics which would pass around a signal obtained from “ the environment ” according to some predetermined indeterminate circuit design .
Upon receiving that signal , each of the networked parts was to emit a specific pitched tone .
The pitches and structure of the network were to be based upon a just intonation pitch lattice like the ones used by many micro tonal composers in obtaining pitch - sets for their compositions .
After a semester of doing “ other things ” , the network idea was picked up , dusted off , and polished to a new and improved “ neural ” network piece .
I took this to my compositions lessons with David Rosenboom who sent me off researching a few different topics pertaining to analog computing , cognitive science and neural biology .
Somewhere in the middle of the middle of all the research , I decided that listening to the “ neurons ” themselves made more sense then trying to make them do something like trigger pitches as they receive input .
[ conceptual sketch of circuit ]
There was a point at which reading stopped being useful and the only way to really move forward with the idea was to start designing and building .
In early May , I began taking simple behavioral models of neurons and translating them into analog electronic circuits all the while well aware that the exact same task had already been done before by more qualified scientists than I .
The reason I went against conventional wisdom , which would have me start with their design and modify it to suit my needs , was that I already felt I had a different idea of how I wanted to approach modeling a neuron .
Reinventing the wheel was OK in my book because I felt I was building a different wheel .
Frankly it may prove to be an overly complex one , however the behavior of the final circuit I designed was close enough to mimic the behavioral traits that could be derived from the limited data on the bio-electric properties of a neuron that I had at hand .
With a working Neuron ,
It was time to take the project to STEIM .
[ conceptual sketch of network path branching , interconnection & structure ]
Part of the final crucial stage in developing AANN was figuring out how to put all the neurons together .
The connections of a bunch of neurons was what made the network and how those connections are determined influence the final behavior of the entire system .
Just how does the arrangement and connectedness of the network effect the behavior ?
I still ca n’t answer but it is worth mentioning that at this stage , I had not considered using a computer for modeling .
Though it would have been incredibly helpful in determining which arrangements behaved in what sorts of ways , I did n’t find it too appealing to spoil the whole “ without the use of a computer ” theme the rest of the project – not to mention my recent practice – had been cultivated from .
In the end I scribbled in my notebook and on random pieces of paper when I had ideas .
Trying this and that arrangement of dots connected by some other arrangement of lines .
For a month before I arrived at STEIM , the only work I put in on the project was in doing these sketches .
[ sketch working out structure and connection pathways ]
In the first week of the STEIM residency , I jumped right in and chatted only briefly with Takuro and Daniel about what it was that I was trying to accomplish .
One of the big questions they had for me to ask myself was “ why ? ”
Though I did n’t have a proper answer , the smart - ass in the back of my mind was smilingly shouting , “ Because ! ”
Of course I held its tongue , but at this point it was difficult to explain the “ because ” simply because , in order to answer the “ why ? ” , the network had to be made first .
The concept , in case it has n’t become apparent by now , was to build a sculptural electronics piece which exhibited some sort of interactive behavior .
How would it be interactive and what sort of behavior was not even thinkable at this stage .
I was essentially developing the ( new ) technology , which would hopefully allow me to create the interactive sculpture , without knowing what the technology would allow me to do .
The project was then and probably can still now be viewed in terms of a science experiment .
Of course that still evades the ever more pervasive “ WHY ? ” but that ’s for a whole other sort of blog entry .
The most important thing for me was to build and they even provided me with some assistance in obtaining some crucial parts I was unable to bring to STEIM from the US .
So for about two week and on a meager Indian style diet , I worked …
[ assembly line of opamps for summing stage ]
The outcome of all this building was the completion of most of the larger electronic parts of of each of the 50 neurons I had planned on building .
So to clarify , each of the neurons has 4 major parts which perform the following functions : Input , Summing , Threshold Detection , Output .
These 4 parts were assembled in sets of 50 while at STEIM .
There was still plenty of work left but the most excruciating of the assembly was behind me by the end of the residency .
At home the construction continued .
The next two photos explain better than words .
[ 50 neurons before the final structural assembly ]
[ assembly of neurons into structures which comprised the “ layers ” of the neural net ]
At a point somewhere in the middle of this post , I realized that this has become more of a docu-narrative than a project report .
I ’m not sure how one goes about ending one of these “ docu- narratives ” and I ’m not sure if I have many words in closing except to give you my account of how things turned out in my mind .
The people at STEIM were monstrumentally helpful in providing the atmosphere , the inspiration , and those final few components necessary to get this project off the ground .
However , despite all the wonderfulness of STEIM and it ’s good people , and all my best efforts , the AANN project has produced little more than some sort of squid baby , which does – aside from getting people to clap their hands and stomp their feet – little more than respond to sound and light by “ lighting up like a Christmas Tree ” and “ shrieking like so many dying seagulls . ”
Needless to say , I ’m thoroughly happy with the results .
More work by Phil Stearns can be found at : www.art-rash.com/pixelform
We recently reviewed Lava Bars and liked them so much that we wanted to share them with you so we teamed up with the company to bring you a Lava Bar giveaway .
They graciously donated :
12 Lava Bars for 1st prize
6 Lava Bars for 2nd prize
3 Lava Bars for 3rd prize
What can you do with that many Lava Bars ?
First , you ’ve got to warm them up !
Just put the Lava Bar pouch in a mug of hot water or let it sit in the sun for a few minutes .
That ’ll do the trick .
Then , pour it over ice cream or fresh fruit .
The Lava Bar makes a great hot fudge !
You can also use the Lava Bar to make coffee mocha , hot chocolate or even s’mores .
And of course , you can just enjoy it straight from the pouch , like on hikes , picnics , in your car , at the movies or at the beach .
So , how do you enter ?
First , make sure you are a registered user at Candy Addict – this helps keep away the spammers and cheaters and it also allows you to enter all future giveaways .
Next , after logging in , leave a comment on this post saying why you want to win the Lava Bars or what makes them sound great .
Three winners will be chosen at random from all eligible entries .
Entries must be received no later than midnight EST Sunday , December 16 .
Fine print :
One entry per person .
Giveaway limited to residents of the U.S. Winner must be 18 years of age or older .
Void where prohibited .
Winners will be notified by email .
Not responsible for lost , misdirected , or unread email .
Entries must be received no later than midnight EST Sunday , December 16 .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer on Monday threatened to sue the federal government on charges that new regulations on children ’s health insurance violate an existing program that covers children from lower - income families .
New York Governor Eliot Spitzer is seen in New York April 12 , 2007 .
Spitzer on Monday threatened to sue the federal government on charges that new regulations on children 's health insurance violate an existing program that covers children from lower - income families .
REUTERS / Eric
Thayer
At issue is New York ’s plan to expand coverage under the State Children ’s Health Insurance Program to children whose parents earn up to 400 percent of the federal poverty level , from 250 percent currently .
But under new federal regulations that the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services published on August 17 , states would have to cover 95 percent of poverty - level families before expanding access to middle - income children .
The rules also require children to have no health coverage for a year before they can join the state plans .
“ There is a moral imperative that we cover our children with health care , ” Spitzer , a Democrat , told reporters .
Congress renewed the Children ’s Health Insurance Program in early August , adding $ 50 billion , partly funded with a 45 - cent - per - pack cigarette tax hike .
Spitzer said the federal government ’s new regulations conflict with the existing law .
Spitzer noted the current federal children ’s health insurance plan lapses on September 30 , and said he might wait until then to consider a lawsuit .
New York plans to expand coverage to an additional 70,000 children , from 340,000 currently eligible .
The change in income levels would mean that a family with income of up to $ 69,000 would be eligible for coverage , from $ 43,000 .
New York is one of 18 states expanding the Children ’s Health Insurance Program .
President George W. Bush has threatened to veto the federal plan , calling it a move toward nationalized health care .
While New York already has enrolled 88 percent of children from poor families , several governors call the 95 percent threshold required to expand coverage to the middle - class unrealistic .
Health policy experts say many families are unaware that they qualify for benefits .
Ohio Gov. Ted Strickland on Friday called on U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Michael Leavitt to drop the new rules and instead “ work with the states to develop guidance that will promote the best interests of uninsured children . ”
New Hampshire Gov. John Lynch concurred Monday in a letter to Bush .
“ These new rules put the health of children at risk , at a time when we should be doing more to provide access to quality health care , ” Lynch wrote .
Thanks to open source developers , there are thousands more free programs .
An Add / Remove function actually makes finding programs easier with Linux than it is for Mac and Windows .
Without having to go to Web sites , it lets you browse through categories of software .
It took me only seconds to find several additional music players , a PDF reader and other programs .
In addition to downloading the software , this feature installs it and finds any necessary additional files .
You do not have to buy a new Dell PC to try Linux .
You can order a free CD or download a copy of Ubuntu at ubuntu.com .
The Ubuntu CD can be used to install Linux on a PC ’s hard drive , or you can boot from the CD to test - drive the operating system on a Windows machine or an Intel - based Mac , without having to install or delete anything .
Running Ubuntu from a CD is considerably slower than from a machine ’s hard drive but all the functions are there , so it ’s a good way to get a feel for how it works .
One challenge for Linux users is finding media players that work with encrypted music and DVDs .
Ubuntu comes with a movie player , but it is not automatically configured to play copy - protected commercial DVDs .
To watch a movie , the Linux user must install necessary codecs , or decoders .
One way to do that is to first download a program called Automatix from www.getautomatix.com.
When you run that program you get an ominous warning that downloading and installing “ non- free codecs without paying a fee to the concerned authorities constitutes a CRIME in the United States of America . ”
Users in the United States are advised : “ please do not install option AUD - DVD . ”
Users who ignore that legal warning can then configure Ubuntu to play commercial DVDs .
There is no iTunes for Linux , but the Banshee Music Player is one of several programs that will let you sync unprotected music files from a Linux machine to an iPod or other MP3 player .
It will not work with copy - protected music bought from iTunes or other online music stores .
You can find it in the Sound & Video section of the Add / Remove utility or download it from banshee - project.org .
The hardest way to get Linux is to download the installation files .
It is often difficult to figure out what files to download and in many cases you will have to burn those files to a CD or DVD .
Windows users will need a commercial CD burning program or the free BurnCDCC ( available at terabyteunlimited.com/utilities.html ) .
Linus Torvalds , the creator of Linux , acknowledged that “ there are a few dark spots but they really tend to be fairly rare , and in practice quite often the biggest hurdle is simply that Linux mostly does n’t come preinstalled and set up for you . ”
He also says that the easiest way to get Linux is to buy the DVD ( or CD ) from one of the most common sources .
One way to ease the transition to Linux is to buy a support contract .
For $ 50 you can download Novell ’s version of Suse Linux with a year of support .
For $ 35 more you get a CD .
Welcome to JumpinWorld .
Give your family the best outdoor entertainment with the best trampolines available on the market today .
We take pride in our products and 100 % stand behind the quality of everything we sell and hope you are happy with that :)
We Know You Will Love Our Trampolines - and at a great price !
Each thin line represents one candidate speaking the last name of another candidate .
The length of each circle segment is proportional to the total number of words spoken by the candidate during the debates .
Jonathan Corum Farhana Hossain Graham Roberts Shan Carter
You do not have the correct flash player version to view this feature .
In order to view this feature , you must download the latest version here
Once you have downloaded the latest version of flash player , you will need to reload this page .
When entertaining , how you set your table tends to indicate what diners can expect from formality , as well as how comprehensive the meal may be .
There 's certainly a time and place for the classic Emily Post " Miss Etiquette " style of comprehensive table setting , but today 's homeowner seldom has the array of dishes required for a formal table setting .
Knowing this , it 's good to grasp the formality of a full table setting , but it 's okay to celebrate modernity by dialing things back for a cleaner , simpler table .
How to Set a Table Image Credit : Westend61 / Westend61/GettyImages
Formal Versus Informal
A formal table is quite the thing to behold .
With a minimum of 10 utensils , four glasses and three plates per setting , plus a cup , saucer and other bitsies , it 's a mammoth undertaking to set this scene .
In today 's world of shrinking urban homes and rising costs of living , it 's less common for homeowners to have the abundance of cutlery and china needed to pull off the Buckingham Palace - style table setting .
More importantly , the grand old dining table is n't as common in today 's smaller square - footages , so using comprehensive settings can put a damper on table space .
In fact , look at some of the world 's most celebrated high - end restaurants , and it 's evident that the everything - at - once style of multi- course table setting has fallen out of vogue .
Today 's dining world sees food as the star , and it's become more common to change the place setting with each course rather than having it all there from the get - go .
The Eternal Compromise
When serving a multi-course meal , having a sideboard or buffet to organize each course 's dishes can be quite helpful .
There , dessert dishes , soup spoons , coffee cups and tea settings can all be organized for quick dispensing as you work through your courses .
Simply clear away each diner 's dirty dishes to the kitchen , then set out the new dishes as needed for the next course .
Instead of worrying about having the full complement of cutlery , such as the fish knife and fork , it may be more beneficial to you , in the long run , to simply double up on the standards : Dinner , salad , soup and dessert cutlery .
This way , you 'll have enough for multi-course meals , but also enough to have suitable cutlery for the entire gang when hosting informal potlucks with larger crowds .
Two Kinds of Table Setting
Ignoring the ultra - fancy formal setting does n't mean there is n't a good compromise .
There is the " informal " setting .
This is not to be mistaken with the " casual " table setting .
What 's the difference ?
Think of informal as being " not black tie , but no jeans , " and casual being anything goes .
Casual Dinner Setting
The casual dinner is for every night of the week .
If you 'd like a place mat , start with laying that down .
The rule of thumb is the place mat should begin about 1 inch from the edge of the table .
Center the dinner plate upon the place mat .
Put the dinner knife and soup spoon on the right side of the plate and the fork on the left .
Again , cutlery should be about 1 inch out from the edge of the plates .
Always put the knife down with the blade facing into the plate .
A bit of trivia for you :
This was done in the fancy days partly so that the cutlery maker 's name would be face - up and the diner could be impressed the caliber of cutlery they were dining with .
Above the knife , place the wine or drink glass .
If serving wine along with water or other beverages , it 's wine glass above the knife , then water or other glass to the right of the wine glass .
If you 're having bread or rolls and you 'd like a separate plate for these , it goes to the left , above the fork .
Informal Setting
The informal begins the same way as the casual setting does above .
Placemat , plate , knife and spoon to the right , fork to the left and so on .
After all these components are laid , the extras for the informal setting are added .
With any table setting , you only use what you 're serving , but it 's customary to serve a soup spoon regardless of whether there will be soup .
If serving a dessert that requires spoons , then you can put the soup spoon on the outside because it would get used first , then put the dessert spoon between the knife and spoon .
An alternative is to put the soup spoon horizontal to the table 's edge , above the plate , with the eating end pointing to the left .
Both work , it 's just a matter of the table setter 's preference .
On the fork side , the dinner fork should be closest to the plate and a salad fork should be on the outside .
To the left of the salad fork should be a salad plate .
As for napkins , again , it 's a matter of preference .
People often place the napkin under the knife and spoon , and others will fold the napkin and lay it on top of the dinner plate .
It 's up to you .
Holding Back : Plates and Cups
If you 're serving a meal where you plan to put the main course on each plate , then serve it to the guest , keep the plates together in the kitchen or wherever you plan to dole the food out .
After you 've plated the food , bring each portion out and lay it on the table in front of the diner .
( Fortune Magazine ) --
It 's a sweet time for honeybees in the rolling hills of eastern Pennsylvania , and the ones humming around Dennis vanEngelsdorp seem too preoccupied by the blooming knapweed nearby to sting him as he carefully lifts the top off their hive .
VanEngelsdorp , Pennsylvania 's state apiarist , spots signs of plenty within : honeycomb stocked with yellow pollen , neat rows of wax hexagons housing larval bees , and a fertile queen churning out eggs .
But something has gone terribly wrong in this little utopia in a box .
" There should be a lot more workers than there are , " he says .
" This colony is in trouble . "
That pattern -- worker bees playing Amelia Earhart -- has become dismayingly familiar to the nation 's beekeepers over the past year , as well as to growers whose crops are pollinated by honeybees .
A third of our food , from apples to zucchinis , begins with floral sex acts abetted by honeybees trucked around the country on 18 - wheelers .
We would n't starve if the mysterious disappearance of bees , dubbed colony collapse disorder , or CCD , decimated hives worldwide .
For one thing , wheat , corn , and other grains do n't depend on insect pollination .
But in a honeybee - less world , almonds , blueberries , melons , cranberries , peaches , pumpkins , onions , squash , cucumbers , and scores of other fruits and vegetables would become as pricey as sumptuous old wine .
Honeybees also pollinate alfalfa used to feed livestock , so meat and milk would get dearer as well .
Ditto for farmed catfish , which are fed alfalfa too .
And jars of honey , of course , would become golden heirlooms to pass along to the grandkids .
( Used for millennia as a wound dressing , honey contains potent antimicrobial compounds that enable it to last for decades in sealed containers . )
In late June , U.S. Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns starkly warned that " if left unchecked , CCD has the potential to cause a $ 15 billion direct loss of crop production and $ 75 billion in indirect losses . "
Late last year vanEngelsdorp , a strapping , 37 - year - old Netherlands native with a thatch of blond hair and a close - cropped goatee , helped organize a group of bee experts to identify the killer .
In recent months he 's acted as the team 's gumshoe , driving thousands of miles to collect bees and honeycomb samples from CCD - afflicted hives to analyze for clues .
Meanwhile , Pennsylvania State University entomologist Diana Cox -Foster has scoured bees from collapsed colonies for signs of disease - causing microbes .
She 's shown that the insects are chock - full of them , as if their immune systems are suppressed .
Now the entomologists , aided by Ian Lipkin , a Columbia University scientist known for cracking the case of the West Nile virus ( he identified the mosquito - transmitted killer of birds and sometimes people ) , are closing in on possible culprits and reportedly have submitted a study identifying a virus associated with CCD to a scientific journal .
The bug may have been introduced into the U.S. via imported bees or bee - related products , say researchers familiar with the study .
" If I were a betting man , " says Dewey Caron , a University of Delaware entomologist who co-authored a recent report on CCD 's toll , " I 'd bet it 's a virus that 's fairly new or one that 's mutated to become more virulent . "
Other pathogens , such as fungi , may have combined forces with the virus , he adds .
But merely showing that germs selectively turn up in cases of CCD , he cautions , wo n't necessarily nail the culprit , for it will leave a key question unanswered :
Are such microbes the main killers , or has something else stomped bees ' immune systems , making them vulnerable to the infections ?
After all , the first report on AIDS focused on a strange outbreak of rare fungal pneumonia , " opportunistic " infections whose root cause was later identified as HIV , the human immunodeficiency virus .
Fortunately , a bee apocalypse seems unlikely at this point .
Beekeepers have recovered from CCD - like hits in the past -- major bee die - offs seem to occur about once a decade .
Most beekeepers recently contacted by Fortune say hives generally appear normal of late .
Still , ominous reports of worker - scarce hives like the one vanEngelsdorp recently examined suggest that whatever causes CCD is still in circulation and may well decimate hives again when bees ' floral support system drops away this fall .
If that happens , " it will be a lot worse than the first time , because [ commercial beekeepers ] have already spent a lot of their money " replacing lost bees , says Richard Adee , head of the country 's largest beekeeping operation , Adee Honey Farms of Bruce , S.D. , which , despite its name , is largely a pollination business .
The losses were n't insured , he adds : Because of all the unpredictable things that can kill bees , from mites to droughts , insurers have long refused to cover them .
" We 'll see a lot of guys just hang it up . "
So that 's the thing to worry about :
While CCD is n't likely to obliterate honeybees , it may wipe out enough migratory beekeepers to precipitate a pollination crisis .
They 're already thin on the ground -- a rare breed of truck drivers who also happen to be applied entomologists , amateur botanists , skilled nursemaids of cussed old machines , traveling salesmen , and Job - like nurturers of finicky , stinging insects that , when they 're not mysteriously dying off , can suddenly swarm on you like something out of Hitchcock .
Commercial beekeepers make up only about 1 % of the 135,000 owners of hives in the U.S. , but they manage over 80 % of the nation 's 2.4 million honeybee colonies .
If the waning number of hives in the U.S. is any indication , commercial beekeeping was already in a long - term decline before CCD struck -- in 1960 there were about five million hives , more than twice as many as there are today .
Meanwhile , demand for pollination services is growing , largely because of our love affair with the almond -- it 's increasingly seen as a health food , and the FDA acknowledged in 2004 that there are data " suggesting " a daily dose of 1.5 ounces of almonds or other nuts , along with a low - fat diet , may lower the risk of heart disease .
By 2012 nearly 90 % of the hives now estimated to exist in the U.S. will be needed to pollinate California 's almond groves each spring , according to the Almond Board of California .
Commercial beekeeping has a lot in common with the disappearing family farm .
The typical bee rancher is a salt - of - the - earth , 50 - something , strong - armed guy who often sweats through the night forklifting hives filled with seriously annoyed bees onto a flatbed semi in order to rush them to his next customer 's field 500 miles away , which just may be near a crop sprayed with insecticides that will kill 15 % of his livestock as they wing around the area .
Cheap honey imported from China and Argentina has clobbered his profits , forcing him to work his bees ever harder as migratory pollinators .
He loses lots of bees to " vampire " mites , hive - busting bears , human vandals , and sometimes to beekeepers gone bad , who steal hives by night and pollinate by day .
His kids can see that there are much easier ways to make a living .
But for all that , he 's never lost the sense of wonder that came over him the first time he heard the piping of a queen -- a kind of battle cry that newly emerged honeybee queens make before fighting to the death for hive supremacy .
From outside a hive , it sounds like a child wistfully tooting a toy trumpet in a distant room .
If CCD flares up again , one of the casualties may be the Paul Revere of colony collapse , a lanky , 58 - year - old beekeeper named David Hackenberg .
The story of the disappearing bees began one afternoon last October when he and his son Davey pulled into one of their " bee yards " near Tampa to check on 400 hives they had placed there three weeks earlier .
The Hackenbergs ' main center of operations is a farm near Lewisburg , Pa. , but like most migratory beekeepers , they move their bees south each winter for a few months of R&R ( rest and reproduction ) before the rigors of spring pollination .
Hackenberg , a gregarious raconteur with a Walter Brennan voice , says the first sign of trouble was that " there were hardly any bees flying around the hives .
It was kind of a weird sensation , no bees in the air .
We got out our smokers " -- bellows grafted to tin cans that beekeepers use to waft bee - sedating smoke into hives before opening them - " and smoked a few hives , and suddenly I thought , ' Wait a minute , what are we smoking ? '
" Next thing , I started jerking covers off hives ...
It was like somebody took a sweeper and swept the bees right out of the boxes .
I set there a minute scratching my head , then I literally got down on my hands and knees and started looking for dead bees .
But there were n't any . "
Hackenberg spread the word about his vanished bees .
Within days other beekeepers began reporting similar cases .
Penn State 's Cox -Foster , vanEngelsdorp , and other bee experts launched an investigation .
After turning up more than a dozen cases of collapsing colonies across the country , the team issued a report in mid-December telling of beekeepers who'd lost up to 90 % of their bees .
The " unprecedented losses , " according to the report , had many keepers " openly wondering if the industry can survive . "
By late spring CCD had made headlines around the world .
Assorted phobia purveyors vied to adopt the die - off as a poster child for everything from cellphone emanations to God 's Just Wrath .
Internet bloggers thrilled themselves silly bandying about a sentence from Albert Einstein , which the great physicist apparently tossed off about 40 years after his death to the public - relations department of a French beekeeping group :
" If the bee disappears from the surface of the earth , man will have no more than four years to live . "
A survey sponsored by Bee Alert Technology , a Missoula , Mont. , firm that sells hive - tracking devices and other bee wares , turned up reports of CCD in 35 states and Puerto Rico by early June .
Despite the widespread impression that CCD started with Hackenberg 's losses last October in Florida , says Bee Alert CEO Jerry Bromenshenk , " our survey shows that it probably first began to show up the previous spring in Michigan , Wisconsin , and Iowa .
By midsummer [ last year ] it was moving through the heartland , " hitting hives in the Dakotas , then appearing widely a few months later in the South and on both coasts .
A survey led by vanEngelsdorp and Florida apiary inspector Jerry Hayes suggests that a quarter of U.S. beekeepers were struck by CCD between September 2006 and March 2007 .
Those hit by mysterious die - offs lost , on average , 45 % of their hives .
The surveys failed to show patterns suggesting CCD 's cause .
But they provided alibis for some prime suspects , such as beekeeper enemy No. 1 : blood - sucking Varroa destructor mites .
( Picture a tick as big as a Frisbee glommed onto your back -- that 's what Varroa is like for a bee . )
Varroa both transmits harmful viruses to bees and suppresses their immune systems .
But CCD has been reported in many hives without significant mite problems , says Jeff Pettis , an entomologist at the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's Bee Research Laboratory in Beltsville , Md .
Another leading suspect -- stress on bees due to migratory pollination -- has n't gotten off the hook so easily .
Low honey prices coupled with rising pollination fees for certain crops have prompted migratory beekeepers to put their bees on the road more than ever during the past few years .
Some now truck hives coast to coast , beginning in February with California almonds , then moving on to crops in the East , such as Maine blueberries .
That potentially exposes bees to ever more diseases and insecticides .
And many of the crops , such as cranberries , do n't provide adequate bee nutrition .
The insects are n't very good travelers either .
When a truck carrying bees gets caught in a summer traffic jam , for instance , hives quickly overheat , despite the fact that the millions of workers inside them furiously fan their wings in an attempt to prevent it , says Wes Card , a beekeeper whose Merrimack Valley Apiaries in Billerica , Mass . , pollinates crops from California to Maine .
" Then every minute counts , " he adds , for unless the driver can quickly find a way to pull off the road and hose down the hives with cooling water , desperately hot queens emerge from their inner sanctums and typically wind up venturing into nearby colonies on the truck , where they are perceived as alien invaders and promptly killed .
( Ironically , worker bees typically execute a condemned monarch by clustering around her and vibrating their wing muscles to generate heat , fatally raising her temperature -- beekeepers call it " balling the queen " because the executioners form a ball of bees . )
A hot day can turn a load of hives into a costly mess within minutes .
Stress probably is n't the main culprit , though .
In fact , the biggest commercial beekeepers -- those with over 500 hives , most of whom are migratory pollinators -- lost a smaller percentage of their hives when hit by CCD last winter than did hobbyist beekeepers , according to the survey co-authored by vanEngelsdorp .
Further , there 's some evidence that CCD may antedate the modern stresses put on bees .
Large numbers of honeybees have mysteriously vanished a number of times since the mid-19th century , suggesting that CCD may be just the latest episode in a " cycle of disappearance " caused by a mystery disease that periodically flares up like a deadly worldwide flu epidemic .
Still , entomologists who have personally observed the effects of CCD insist that it is unlike any bee die - off they 've seen .
The University of Delaware 's Caron , one of the bee world 's biggest names , says he was stunned when 11 of 12 hives in the school 's apiary collapsed last winter , apparently because of CCD .
" Never in 40 years had I witnessed the symptoms I was seeing , " he says .
One of CCD 's strangest symptoms , say bee experts , is a phenomenon that might be called the madness of the nurses .
Nurse bees are workers that nurture a hive 's preadult bees , called brood .
Workers begin their adult lives as nurses , and only during the final third or so of their six - week lives do they become foragers , venturing outside the hive to collect nectar and pollen .
Researchers have discovered that the young nurses are maintained in a kind of immature , thickheaded state by chemical signals emanating from the queen .
Nurses are n't supposed to leave the hive .
They 're not ready to cope with the big outside world , which requires a mature bee 's smarts .
Besides , with nurses on leave , the all - important brood would wither .
Yet empty hives struck by CCD are often found with intact brood , which means nurses were on the job shortly before all the bees flew off forever .
Beekeepers find this gross dereliction of duty much weirder than the disappearance of foragers , which essentially work themselves to death and often die outside the hive .
Says Hackenberg : " Basically , I 've never seen bees go off and leave brood .
That 's the real kicker . "
To explain the psychotic behavior , some beekeepers , including Hackenberg , point the finger at an increasingly popular class of insecticides called neonicotinoids .
The chemicals are widely used by farmers on fruits and vegetables that bees pollinate , as well as on corn and other crops often grown nearby .
Soon after Bayer ( Charts ) , the German drug and chemicals concern , first put the products on the market in the early 1990s , they were implicated in a bee die - off in France , where their use was then sharply restricted .
Since 2000 , studies by French and Italian researchers have suggested that low , " sublethal " doses of the chemicals -- which bees might get from lingering traces of the insecticides in fields -- can mess up the insects ' memories and navigational abilities , potentially making them get lost .
Bayer has countered with its own studies , which it asserts demonstrate that the products , when properly used , do n't pose significant risks .
Honeybees ' exposure to trace amounts of neonicotinoids can't be ruled out , says Chris Mullin , a Penn State University entomologist investigating whether pesticides are involved in CCD .
But he and other CCD investigators doubt that neonicotinoids will turn out to be the primary culprits .
For one thing , many other chemicals to which bees are exposed are nerve toxins that can make them act strange at low doses .
And it's hard to reconcile the rapid , widespread appearance of CCD last year with the fact that numerous such chemicals have long been widely used .
Could infectious microbes induce the nurses ' insanity ?
Maybe .
Young workers with a disease caused by " sacbrood " virus tend to start foraging abnormally early in life , when their healthy peers are still nursing .
And as if discombobulated in their new roles , they fail to collect pollen .
Although sacbrood virus has been detected in bees from some hives with CCD symptoms , as have a number of other viruses , it does n't appear to be closely associated with the disorder .
But its ability to warp young bees ' behavior suggests that viruses may well induce nurses to do the unthinkable .
Another explanation may make more sense , though : Perhaps the nurses are n't really acting crazy when they fly away .
Instead , their strange behavior may represent a perfectly natural attempt by doomed workers to protect their sisters from killer microbes .
After all , a hive 's workers represent a famously close - knit sorority , geared by evolution to act strictly in the best interests of their colonies .
( Male " drones " do n't work , by the way .
They loaf about the hive most of their lives , zip out about noon every day in hopes of mating on the wing with young queens , then immediately die after copulating , presumably happy . )
Beekeepers have long known that sick bees generally leave the hive to die , minimizing the risk that they will infect others .
In his seminal 1879 tome The A B C of Bee Culture , Amos Ives Root , an early giant of U.S. beekeeping , marveled that " when a bee is crippled or diseased from any cause , he [ sic ] crawls away ... out of the hive , and rids the community of his presence as speedily as possible .
If bees could reason , we would call this a lesson of heroic self - sacrifice for the good of the community . "
Might a fast - spreading , immune - suppressing disease be making nurses so sick that their urge to stay put is overruled by the altruistic impetus to depart ?
The effort to answer such questions has entered a new phase with the recent linking of specific infectious agents to CCD ( the ones whose identities are expected to be disclosed soon in a scientific journal ) .
Now Cox -Foster says she and colleagues are trying to reproduce CCD 's effects on bee colonies by seeding healthy hives with the agents -- the biomedical equivalent of getting a killer to confess .
Meanwhile , scattered reports over the summer of hives with abnormally few workers and little stored honey have many bee people worried .
A few beekeepers , frazzled by earlier heavy losses and worried that truly ruinous ones are on the way , have already bailed out .
CCD 2 would probably be a lot uglier for growers -- and for us fruit and veggie eaters -- than version one was .
In fact , we got lucky the first time it hit : " A lot of the bees brought to California this year were total junk , " their hives sparsely populated because of CCD and other problems , says Lyle Johnston , a Rocky Ford , Colo. , beekeeper who arranges the placement of 50,000 hives owned by other keepers in almond groves each spring .
" But we had the most perfect weather during the almond bloom that I can recall .
It saved our butts , " by enabling bees to take to the air more often than they usually do .
" We dodged the bullet with fruit , too , this year , " says the University of Delaware 's Caron .
" We had weak bees , but the weather was exceptional during the apple , blueberry , and cranberry blooms . "
Unfortunately , Caron and others note , by keeping crop prices low , the good weather may have actually discouraged legislators from funding studies on CCD .
To beekeepers ' dismay , the farm bill recently passed by the U.S. House of Representatives , which calls for $ 286 billion to be spent over the next five years on everything from school snacks to biofuels , earmarked no funds specifically for CCD research .
And the lucky run of weather probably wo n't last much longer .
Extraordinarily dry weather through spring and early summer in California and the Southeast has stressed bees in those regions , potentially setting up many hives for collapse later in the year .
Despite making some progress , cash - strapped scientists looking into CCD are n't likely to identify what causes it -- and ways to fend it off -- before the high - risk season for bee die - offs arrives with the onset of cold weather .
So what to do in light of this new , unsolved , and probably ongoing threat to our food supply ?
Do n't panic .
But do take time to slowly savor your next sweet , spicy slice of cantaloupe , watermelon , apple , peach , or pear .
The pure pleasure of it may get a lot rarer .
Jay Bazuzi , once Development Lead for the C# Editor , is leaving Microsoft , and he wrote some surprisingly harsh parting words for his friends before he left ; things like “ OO is n’t a fad ” and that “ It ’s OK to use someone else ’s code ” .
Jay starts out :
I have a few thoughts that I ’d like to express about Microsoft ’s software development before I go .
His post focuses on five topics where he thinks the potential for improvement is large :
Clearest code wins .
OO is n’t a fad
It ’s OK to use someone else ’s code
Design your problems away
Most importantly : we can do better .
Even though Jay was very outspoken , there have not been many comments to his post .
Alex Barnett thought it should have been kept internal , but apart from that , the blog post produced much less flame war than expected .
But the sad truth is that Jays arguments is by no means specific to Microsoft .
Too many companies would have thought the post was about them and their code base , if they would have seen his descriptions in an anonymized form .
For instance , regarding clear code , Jay writes :
Most developers at Microsoft have n’t yet learned the incredible value of writing the clearest code possible .
Once I saw a someone make a checkin that added 200 lines in the middle of a 600 line function .
I ’m thinking it was already about 597 lines too long .
Use Extract Method to break them in to bit - sized chunks .
Use Extract Class to manage the plethora of methods you suddenly produce .
Do n’t stop there .
When it comes to the lack of object - oriented thinking , Jay gives an example of how buffer overruns was handled during the last years focus on security .
Tools were written to check that a proper length was always passed as a separate argument when manipulating buffers ; a solution Jay was not pleased with :
Hey , when you find yourself passing two or more values around together , why not put them in to a class ?
Just start there .
Polymorhism , inheritance , and encapsulation can come later .
Objects can be hard and reusing objects even harder .
Microsoft seems to suffer from the good old “ Not invented here ” syndrome , not only when it comes to external code .
At one point , the Visual Studio code base had about a dozen implementations of a C++
String class , most of them hacked out of MFC .
That ’s a vast improvement over passing the buffers around , but hey … these library writers are paid to work on these things full time !
Why are n’t you using STL or ATL yet ?
This is n’t just in C++ … in the original implementation of the .
Net Framework , there were countless implentations of hash tables .
Woah , guys !
Let ’s get some libraries !
But the biggest take - away for developers around the world is Jay ’s discussion on how to continuously improve .
Jay describes that he once was the manager of a very inexperienced team ; a team that after one year was more productive and wrote code with higher quality than more experienced teams working in familiar code bases .
And they did it on schedule every time .
Jay contributes this to the teams ability to continuously improve themselves , and he shows a handful of questions that leads in the right direction ; questions that he thinks his former colleagues should ask themselves , but these are actually questions that each and every developer at every company should ask himself or herself much more often :
“ How can I make sure this problem goes away forever ? ”
“ How can I produce fewer bugs ? ”
“ How can I make it easier to fix the bugs I have ? ”
“ How can I make it easier to respond to change quickly ? ”
“ How can I make it easier to make my software fast enough ? ”
Truly powerful questions that many or even most teams could benefit from asking themselves periodically .
( Pocket - lint ) - We 're used to seeing the online tech world go crazy with rumours and speculation in the days before Macworld , but this year a new element has been introduced to the mix .
Steve Jobs ' keynote speech , that he is due to make on stage at the Moscone Centre in San Francicso on Tuesday 15th January , has apparently been leaked via Wikipedia .
With highlights including a 16GB 3G iPhone , details of the SDK for the device , a 13 - inch 0.8 - inch thick redesigned MacBook and direct YouTube for Apple TV , it would not be a dull keynote if it 's all true .
In its entirety , if the sources are to be believed , here is what Monsieur Jobs is to cover during tomorrow 's time on stage :
MacWorld January 2008 Keynote
Rough Outline ; draft 5
Greetings !
Welcome to Moscone Center
Quick Overview : iPod/iTunes
- iPod has been extremely profitable for us this holiday season
- Sales figures , market share
- Our new models are doing better than ever
- 3 iPod games released last month accidentally ( supposed to be for today )
- Another new game today : Chess
- iTunes doing extremely well ( sales figures / market share )
- Today : 30 indie labels releasing their entire catalogs in iTunes Plus
- Many more to follow in the next few months
iPhone
- Best iPod ever
- Sales figures , market share
- Sales beyond our wildest dreams
- Much more than the 1 % market share we asked for in January
- Starting today : 8GB $ 399 , 16GB $ 499
- Four times the memory as original iPhone for the same price
- iPhone is coming to Japan in March with NTT DoCoMo
- SDK is unveiled !
i Phone / iPod Touch SDK
- Apps and Widgets
- Using Cocoa with Objective - C
- Developers submit programs as source code , not executable
- Specify iPhone or both iPhone / Touch ( certain features iPhone only )
- Set your own price : Apps $ 0 -$ 6.99 , Widgets $ 0-$ 2.99
- Users buy / download in iTunes Wi-Fi Store / iTunes Store ( Mac / PC )
- Automatic updating wirelessly or docked
- Demonstration of exporting from XCode 3 to iTunes Store
- Submits source code to Apple for validation ( make sure that people are n't abusing the system , prevent malware and viruses )
- If using microphone or GSM , iPhone only ; otherwise , available for both iPhone and iPod Touch
- Apps can be free or up to $ 6.99 ; Widgets free or up to $ 2.99
- Developers recieve 70 % of revenue for their products
- Licensed under Apple Mobile Software License
- Can download wirelessly from iTunes Wi-Fi Store or docked to computer from iTunes Store
- Demonstration of wirelessly downloading ( and running ) the app submitted earlier
- Apps and widgets can be rearranged on front screen ; front screen scrolls to show all apps / widgets
- Resubmit updated versions of apps ; when added to store , iPhone / Touch will ask you to update it next time you use it ( or next time you dock the iPhone / Touch )
- Developers can get their hands on a beta version of the SDK tomorrow on ADC and start developing ; final version due early February
- iTunes 7.6 and iPhone / iPod Touch Software update 1.3 allowing for Apps mid-February
Example apps / widgets
Apps :
- iChat ( coming with 1.3 update ) ( AIM , Jabber / Google Talk )
-- Quick demonstration
- RSS Feed Reader ( coming with 1.3 update ) ( read feeds online or off )
- One of our partners made something cool : Last.fm ( scrobble tracks played on iPhone / touch wirelessly without syncing w/ computer )
Widgets :
- Dictionary ( coming with 1.3 update ) ( quickly look up words , translate , use wikipedia )
-- Quick demonstration
- Yellow / White Book ( coming with 1.3 update ) ( search for contacts , add them to your address book directly from the app , will sync back with address book on your Mac / PC )
- Sports Ticker ( coming with 1.3 update ) ( choose your sports and teams , get updates on their progress )
- Another partner : Twitter ( update your Twitter on the fly , see your friends tweets )
- Try these out on the show floor today
Mac
- Sales are getting better and better every day
- Hardware sales figures / market share
- Leopard released October ; doing spectacularly
- Sales figures / market share
- Selling extremely well ; estimated to overtake Tiger in terms of marketshare by June if you only count the new Macs that come with it preinstalled ; even quicker if you include boxed copies
- 10.5.2 out today - many bug fixes , also addressing a lot of issues and complaints users had such as list view with stacks and certain HIG non-compliance issues
New MacBooks !
- What would MacWorld be without a new Mac ? ( sorry about last year )
- Completely redesigned MacBook
- Completely aluminum body like MacBook Pro
- 13 " screen at 1440x900
- Two colors : Black and Silver
- Looks gorgeous at 0.8 " thin
- A major feat of engineering - patents abound
- DVD drive pops open on side when eject button is pressed
- New on all notebooks and iMac : iSight HD ( 720 p )
- New backlit keyboard based on recent Apple Keyboard revisions ( keys slightly lighter than that of laptop casing , colorwise )
- New matching MagSafe cable ( Aluminum ends , cord color matches that of keyboard )
- New matching Apple Remote ( slightly smaller with larger overall buttons )
- Intel GMA X3100 graphics
- 3 models
- Completely phasing out the combo drive on all product lines today
- BTO models can upgrade all the way to 2.6GHz / 4GB Memory / 320 GB hard drive
- 4.5 hours of battery life
- Starting at $ 1199
Product Refreshes
- Refreshing Mac Pro and Mac mini today
- Mac Pro now with Penryn !
- Base model 2x2.8GHz dual - core/1GB/NVIDIA
GeForce 7300 GT 256MB/250 GB( 1x250 GB ) /1x16 x double - layer SuperDrive
- Upgradeable to 2x3.2GHz quad-core / 16GB/NVIDIA
Quadro FX 4500 512MB/4TB ( 4x1TB ) /2x16 x double - layer SuperDrives
- Starting at $ 2,499
- Mac mini gets slight speed bumps and double - layer SuperDrive in all models
- Base model 2.0GHz IC2D / 1GB/100GB
- BTO Upgradeable to 2.4GHz IC2D/4GB/320 GB
- Starting at $ 599
One More Thing
- Been brewing for a while
- YouTube 's been in Apple TV and iPhone / iPod touch : now it 's in iTunes
- Download YouTube videos straight to iTunes or from iPhone / iPod Touch for later offline viewing ( sync back to computer )
- Coming in iTunes 7.6 and iPhone / iPod Touch 1.3 updates
Thanks for coming , and enjoy the expo !
Pocket - lint will be providing live coverage of the keynote event , so tune in at 5 pm on Tuesday 15th January to find out whether this is a leak - or a fake .
Writing by Amy - Mae Elliott .
Thousands of people have been wrongly told they are in danger of developing life - threatening heart diseases because of flaws in the way doctors routinely calculate the risk , according to a study of more than a million people published today .
Current estimates of the number at risk of cardiovascular diseases are 1.5 million too high , the report says , suggesting the anti-cholesterol drugs statins are massively and needlessly over - prescribed , inflating the £ 2bn annual bill to the NHS .
The study in the British Medical Journal made a series of other significant discoveries .
It found that white middle - aged men have a lower risk of heart disease than previously thought and women from poorer backgrounds have a significantly higher risk .
It also found one in three women in their 60s are at risk of heart disease , a figure previously thought to be one in four .
Concern over the misdiagnosis of heart disease will be compounded by a separate study due today from the Healthcare Commission .
It will raise concern over the way the 300 healthcare trusts in England and Wales are monitoring the problem .
A third of them were unable to provide details of the treatment being given to patients .
The HC said the number reported as having heart failure was 140,000 fewer than expected .
While it is unsure whether the shortfall is a statistical blip , the study from the BMJ highlights how many thousands of people will probably be given the wrong treatment anyway .
Julia Hippisley - Cox , lead author of the study , said : " We are potentially missing the right people for treatment .
If we use this new score it would increase treatment to deprived areas and especially to women .
They are being under - treated across the board . "
She added that research was urgently needed into the risks for people from ethnic minorities amid fears that the current assessment scores , which were originally modelled on white populations in the US , are discriminating .
The researchers tracked 1.28 million healthy men and women aged between 35 and 74 over a period of 12 years to April 2007 and used GP records from 318 general practices .
The traditional way of calculating the risk from heart disease involves a score based on smoking , blood pressure and " good " and " bad " cholesterol , along with age and sex .
The BMJ study compared this measure against a new , more sophisticated test , which also takes into account social deprivation , genetic factors and weight .
It found that the former over - predicted the number of people at high risk of developing cardiovascular diseases by 35 % .
It concludes that 3.2 million adults under the age of 75 are at risk of developing cardiovascular illnesses compared with the 4.7 million previously estimated .
Statins are widely prescribed at £ 2bn a year to try to reduce some of the 100,000 annual deaths from heart illnesses .
Michael Summer , of the Patients Association , said the scoring system needed revisiting : " Anyone with any doubts should go back to their GP with this study to make sure that they really need statins . "
Prof Hippisley - Cox said : " If people are being put on treatment when they do n't need it , not only could there be side effects but they will be experiencing unnecessary anxiety . "
The National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence published recommendations last week that all people over 40 should be considered for statins and offered them if they are at a 20 % risk of becoming ill within 10 years , though they should first be advised on healthy lifestyle programmes .
Last night a spokesman said the BMJ study was published too late for the consultation .
" We are currently looking at it [ the research ] and will determine what action to take . "
June Davison , a cardiac nurse at the British Heart Foundation , said : " The most important thing is that people go to their doctors and get their cholesterol and blood pressure tested . "
The recent Cectic webcomic hits the nail squarely on the head : ( click the link at the bottom for a better version )
Go down to Cectic and read away .
All the comics are excellent .
Also , EDTheFuture.com does exist , unlike evidence for Parentism … 🙂
Links :
The ED Comic : ED : The Future
The Comic main page : Cectic
ED The Future Homepage : ED : The Future
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Posted in IDiocy , Religion
Tags : Cectic , IDiocy , pseudoscience , Religion , Skeptism , Webcomic
What is the value of human parts ?
I am at the Body Worlds 3 exhibit with my six - year - old , and what I thought was going to be an interesting medical lesson for my daughter is turning into a strange art show and commentary on our varying degrees of values around human flesh .
We are standing in front of a body called " Skin Man . "
Once a living , breathing human , he now stands with a thoughtful expression on his face , holding one skinned arm outstretched with his entire human dermis aloft , like a coat to be hung .
I 'm trying to think of some interesting ethical discussions around the value of human bodies with my child , but all I can think of is how much money his skin is worth .
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners John Horton ’s Paintings Preserve History .
His Seamanship Saves Lives
Meet the fascinating Order of BC winner who also happens to be a Tyee supporter .
In an article for The Tyee , Dr. Paul Tinari estimated that a single male foreskin can be worth upwards of $ 100,000 .
He argued that men who are circumcised have a right to the revenue made off the resale of their foreskins ( just as someone who sells their hair for wigs would , for example ) .
But that 's not the only issue in the debate over how people use and profit from foreskins .
Many people are challenging the ethics and medical necessity of male circumcision , which means that any use of the foreskins after that is also in question .
Then there 's the fact that foreskins are n't just being sold for the medical flesh trade ; rather , they 're joining a few other body parts being sold in the service of vanity .
And if the ethics of using human body parts , skin and stem cells for medical research and treatments are contentious , the ethics of using them for vanity 's sake is a whole other conundrum .
Shopping carts for skin
The flesh trade is n't as elusive as people might think .
Like porn , human body parts are easily available online , for the right price .
The Coriell Institute is only one of dozens of websites that offer foreskin fibroblast for sale .
On their website , I put a foreskin fibroblast in a shopping cart and called their office , where a perky customer representative informs me that I can buy the flakes for a cost of $ 85.00 US -- plus shipping and handling .
" We send them up to Canada all the time , " she chirps .
In the end , I did n't buy , but it surprised me to find out how easily I could have .
That 's because foreskin fibroblasts are big business .
A fibroblast is a piece of human skin that is used as a culture to grow other skin or cells -- like human yogurt kits .
Human foreskin fibroblast is used in all kinds of medical procedures from growing skin for burn victims and for eyelid replacement , to growing skin for those with diabetic ulcers ( who need replacement skin to cover ulcers that wo n't heal ) , to making creams and collagens in the cosmetics industry ( yes , the product that is injected into puffy movie - starlet lips ) .
Foreskin - derived skin , sourced from circumcisions ( now considered by many experts to be painful and also unnecessary ) is still often considered the " cruelty free " alternative to testing cosmetic products on animals .
One foreskin can be used for decades to produce miles of skin , much of which helps people in genuine medical need .
And that 's the reason one foreskin can generate as much as $ 100,000 : that 's not the fee from a one - time sale , but the fees from the fibroblasts that are created from those original skin cells .
But not all uses of foreskin fibroblast are " medical " in nature .
One of the most publicized examples of the foreskin - for - sale trend involves a skin cream that has been promoted by none other than Oprah Winfrey .
SkinMedica 'sa face cream , which costs over $ 100 US for a 0.63 oz bottle , is used by many high - profile celebrities ( such as Winfrey and Barbara Walters ) as an alternative to cosmetic surgery .
Winfrey has promoted the SkinMedica product several times on her show , and her website , which raves , there 's " a new product that boosts collagen production and can rejuvenate skin called TNS Recovery Complex .
TNS is comprised from six natural human growth factors found in normal healthy skin ... the factors are engineered from human foreskin ! "
During the show , the doctor promoting SkinMedica cream warned that some people may have ethical questions regarding using a product that is made from the derivative of foreskins ( to which Winfrey made no response ) .
Why ethical questions ?
The foreskins come from circumcisions , and male circumcision is now a controversial topic .
In a discussion on Mothering.com , one querent asked , " If the cream was made from the bi-product of baby afro-American clitoral skin , would Oprah still be promoting it ? "
There 's no answer to that question on Mothering or Winfrey 's site , and Winfrey declined The Tyee 's request for an interview .
Beauty engineering
Using foreskin fibroblast for medically necessary procedures generates less controversy than using it for optional " beauty " treatments .
So how does Dr. Fitzpatrick , who invented SkinMedica , defend his company ?
To start with , he argues that using foreskin fibroblast to make cream is ethical , because the company does not put any actual human tissue in their products -- only the growth hormone left over from growing artificial skin ( not actual tissue or skin cells ) .
And he adds that the original company that supplied SkinMedica with the hormone grew cultures from a single foreskin donated 15 years earlier .
That company made artificial skin for wound healing .
But that company went bankrupt .
And Dr. Fitzpatrick , whose invention of this cream earned him the dubious honour of being named Allure magazine 's " physician who has most influenced beauty , " now works with a supplier that uses foreskin fibroblast to make injectable collagen .
So the foreskins used to make the cream have only ever been used for " vanity " purposes .
Further in his defence , Fitzpatrick says that using foreskins in the first place was simply a matter of convenience .
Fitzpatrick told The Tyee , " It does n't matter if you get a fibroblast from the eyelid , the cheek , the foot or the foreskin .
That cell is still a fibroblast ; it does the same thing .
Foreskins were used because that is a common surgery and the skin is thrown away , so why not use it for benefits ?
Twelve years ago when this was done there would have been no objection to using foreskin tissue . "
But Fitzpatrick acknowledges that using foreskins now is about more than convenience .
Circumcision rates in Canada have dropped below 10 per cent and they are dropping in the U.S. as well , which means that it will be more difficult to source them .
And foreskin samples do eventually run out and need to be replaced .
But Fitzpatrick says that although you can use technology to make the cell cultures from scratch , without foreskins , the process is " much more expensive . "
Sourcing foreskins
Things have changed from the time when using foreskins was an objection - free endeavour .
In fact , many websites are now dedicated to the preservation of baby foreskins , and long streams of discussion on mothering websites argue against the use of baby skin for cosmetics purposes .
Vancouver is home to the Association for Genital Integrity whose mandate is to end male circumcision .
I asked Dr. Fitzpatrick about using foreskins from older men instead who want to earn the purported $ 100,000 windfall .
Apparently , it 's a no - go .
" Fibroblasts that are made from young skin are more active than fibroblast from a 60 - or 70 - year - old .
The skin reproduces better in young tissue ; you are using that cell as a factory ... eventually the tissue samples need to be refreshed ... a young cell produces more and lasts longer . "
Newborn tissue is particularly valuable , not only because of its vitality , but also because it is usually guaranteed to be healthy .
Tissue for medical use obviously needs to be free from disease .
Ethical pain
Fitzpatrick adds that foreskin tissue has been the easiest tissue to access -- ethically -- up till now " because you are not having to use stem cells or fetal tissue in order to still get young tissue . "
Neocutis is another face cream -- but this one uses cells grown from a terminated fetus to make their product , something they document on their website .
Neocutis declined The Tyee 's request for an interview .
Dr. Nikhil Mehta , the director of product development for SkinMedica , talked to The Tyee about his opinion of Neocutis , their competitor .
" They are actually taking cells , literally chopping up the cells , and putting them in cream . "
Another page on the Neocutis website describes how they harvested the tissue of a terminated two - month - old fetus , " in the period of scarless wound healing . "
It is out of this tissue that they developed the cell culture used in creating their special " bio restorative skin cream " with their patented secret ingredient .
Myth of scarlessness
Dr. Fitzpatrick explains why they would want to use fetal tissue : there is a period during neo-natal development where wounds will heal without scarring .
He says no one really understands why the cells are scar - free at that time , but that even so , there are no scar reduction benefits to be gained by using them -- those properties are n't transferable : " To take cells at that age , and imply that you can have that happen to an adult is incorrect .
No one has shown that to be correct ; if there was some reason to believe that could occur it would be a very hot topic . "
The Tyee asked Dr. Mehta how much tissue Neocutis would need to " harvest " from a two - month - old fetus in order to develop a cell culture , since this kind of skin can grow for years .
" You do n't need very much .
Think of how small a baby foreskin is .
Maybe the amount of skin that is on the tip of a finger . "
This does n't sound so bad , until I am standing in front of the plastinated fetuses at Science World .
They are the only dead humans at the exhibit with skin , and their tiny features are drawn into expressions one might imagine on a puppy having a bad dream .
The two - month - old fetus is perfectly formed ; a small spine curves its back .
Tiny fingers curl .
It is barely an inch long .
They would have to use the whole thing .
In a moment of panic , I wonder if I have deeply scarred my six - year - old by bringing her to this exhibit .
In this world where doctors can make art shows out of human flesh -- ostensibly in the name of science -- how can we judge pharmaceutical companies who chop up unwanted fetuses , or grow cells from foreskins , to put on our faces ?
As I am trying to formulate some words to discuss the topic , my daughter -- young though she is -- catches sight of my face and pulls me away saying gently , " Mommy , do n't look if it makes you upset . "
Related
Tyee stories :
A demonstrator in a Darth Vader mask shouts slogans during a protest against Bolivian President Evo Morales .
A spout of oil , gas and soil gushes above a village in India forcing residents to leave their homes after an oil well was being drilled .
An Iraqi refugee rests amid bags of luggage in Baghdad , after returning home from Syria .
A trainee dentist treats a robot in Tokyo , Japan .
The robot detects any actions that would cause pain to human patients .
Masked supporters of South Korea 's opposition presidential candidate Lee Myung - bak attend a rally in Chunan , a day after the official campaigning for next month 's polls kicked off .
Villagers search through the wreckage of their houses hit by giant waves on the island of Mindanao , the Philippines .
A fog bank rolls over Kosovo 's capital Pristina .
The mathematical constant Pi spirals outwards at the Mathematikum museum in Giessen , Germany .
Back 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next
E-mail this to a friend Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
[ TxMt ] Search and replace matching brackets ?
A few days ago I posted to the list a regular expression that matches a balanced nest of brackets .
The OP expressed curiosity as to how it works , and since he probably is n't the only one who found it confusing , I thought I 'd post an explanation to the list .
If you have ever studied automata theory , perhaps you remember that nested brackets are the classic example of something that * can 't* be matched by a regular expression .
So you might be surprised ( or disbelieving ) to see a regular expression that does exactly that .
The explanation , of course , is that theory and practice are closer in theory than in practice : Onigurama regular expressions , in common with many other flavours , are more powerful than the things that computer scientists call " regular expressions " .
The key in this case is the recursion ( or " subexpression call " ) feature .
( For those of you who know about such things , this feature makes it possible to represent any context - free language — a step up the Chomsky hierarchy . )
I like to think that I invented this feature ; certainly I wrote the initial implementation for the PCRE engine , which as far as I know is the first place that it appeared .
However , the Onigurama implementation may be a case of independent rediscovery : the manual describes it as " Tanaka Akira special " .
Because the expressions quickly become complicated , it is very helpful to use the ( ? x : ... ) container , within which whitespace and comments are ignored , so that the expression can be laid out more clearly .
( That is why you can not put a newline * after * the closing parenthesis : outside the ?x group , whitespace is matched literally . )
For example , here is an expression to match a parenthesised string ( which may have ( nested ) parentheses inside it ) .
I hope the comments make it self - explanatory : please ask , if not !
(?x : \( # match the initial opening parenthesis #
Now make a named group ' balanced ' which matches # a balanced substring .
( ?< balanced > #
A balanced substring is either something that is not a parenthesis : [ ^ ( ) ] | # … or a parenthesised string : \( #
A parenthesised string begins with an opening parenthesis \g < balanced >* # … followed by a sequence of balanced substrings \) # … and ends with a closing parenthesis ) * # Look for a sequence of balanced substrings \) #
Finally , the outer closing parenthesis )
( Remember not to put a newline after that final parenthesis ! )
It 's brain - twisting in the same way that recursive functions are brain - twisting when you first encounter them ; but once you 've got the hang of it , it is quite easy to do and very useful .
Robin
Severe food shortages , price spikes threaten world population
By Naomi Spencer
22 December 2007
Worldwide food prices have risen sharply and supplies have dropped this year , according to the latest food outlook of the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization .
The agency warned December 17 that the changes represent an “ unforeseen and unprecedented ” shift in the global food system , threatening billions with hunger and decreased access to food .
The FAO ’s food price index rose by 40 percent this year , on top of the already high 9 percent increase the year before , and the poorest countries spent 25 percent more this year on imported food .
The prices for staple crops , including wheat , rice , corn and soybeans , all rose drastically in 2007 , pushing up prices for grain - fed meat , eggs and dairy products and spurring inflation throughout the consumer food market .
Driving these increases are a complex range of developments , including rapid urbanization of populations and growing demand for food stuffs in key developing countries such as China and India , speculation in the commodities markets , increased diversion of feedstock crops into the production of biofuels , and extreme weather conditions and other natural disasters associated with climate change .
Because of the long - term and compounding nature of all of these factors , the problems of rising prices and decreasing supplies in the food system are not temporary or one - time occurrences , and cannot be understood as cyclical fluctuations in supply and demand .
The world reserves of cereals are dwindling .
In the past year , wheat stores declined 11 percent .
The FAO notes that this is the lowest level since the UN began keeping records in 1980 , while the US Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) has reported that world wheat stocks may have fallen to 47 - year lows .
By FAO figures , the falloff in wheat stores equals about 12 weeks worth of global consumption .
The USDA has cautioned that wheat exporters in the US have already sold more than 90 percent of what the department had expected to be exported during the fiscal year ending June 2008 .
This has dire consequences for the world ’s poor , whose diets consist largely of cereal grains imported from the United States and other major producers .
More than 850 million people around the world suffer from chronic hunger and other associated miseries of extreme poverty .
According to the FAO , 37 countries — 20 in Africa , 9 in Asia , 6 in Latin America , and 2 in Eastern Europe — currently face exceptional shortfalls in food production and supplies .
Those most affected live in countries dependent on imports .
The poorest people , whose diets consist heavily of cereal grains , are most vulnerable .
Already the poor spend the majority of their income on staple foods — up to 80 percent in some regions , according to the FAO .
Ever-rising prices will lead to a distinct deterioration in the diets of these sections of the population .
The food crisis is intensifying social discontent and raising the likelihood of social upheavals .
The FAO notes that political unrest “ directly linked to food markets ” has developed in Morocco , Uzbekistan , Yemen , Guinea , Mauritania and Senegal .
In the past year , cereal prices have triggered riots in several other countries , including Mexico , where tortilla prices were pushed up 60 percent .
In Italy , the rising cost of pasta prompted nationwide protests .
Unrest in China has also been linked to cooking oil shortages .
In addition to the cost of imports , war and civil strife , multiple years of drought and other disasters , and the impact of HIV / AIDS have crippled countries ’ food supply mechanisms .
Iraq and Afghanistan both suffer severe shortfalls because of the US invasion and ongoing occupation .
North African countries are hard hit by the soaring wheat prices because many staple foods require imported wheat .
Countries of the former Soviet Union are facing wheat shortages .
People there spend upwards of 70 percent of their incomes on food ; the price of bread in Kyrgyzstan has risen by 50 percent this year and the government released emergency reserves of wheat in the poorest areas to temporarily ease the crisis .
In Bangladesh , food prices have spiraled up 11 percent every month since July ; rice prices have risen by nearly 50 percent in the past year .
Central American countries saw a 50 percent increase in the price of that region ’s staple grain , corn .
Several countries in South America have also been impacted by the high international wheat prices , compelling national governments to dispense with import taxes .
The government in Bolivia , for example , has dispatched the military to operate industrial - scale bread bakeries .
All national governments are keenly aware of the possibility of civil unrest in the event of severe food shortages or famine , and many have taken minimal steps to ease the crisis in the short term , such as reducing import tariffs and erecting export restrictions .
On December 20 , China did away with food export rebates in an effort to stave off domestic shortfalls .
Russia , Kazakhstan , and Argentina have also implemented export controls .
But such policies cannot adequately cope with the crisis in the food system because they do not address the causes , only the immediate symptoms .
Behind the inflation are the complex inter-linkages of global markets and the fundamental incompatibility of the capitalist system with the needs of billions of poor and working people .
The volatility of the financial markets , driven by speculation and trading in equity and debt , intersects with the futures and options markets that have a direct bearing on agricultural commodity markets .
As the housing market in the United States collapsed , compounding problems in the credit market and threatening recession , speculation shifted to the commodities markets , exacerbating inflation in basic goods and materials .
The international food market is particularly prone to volatility because current prices are greatly influenced by speculation over future commodity prices .
This speculation can then trigger more volatility , encouraging more speculation .
Future grain prices are a striking example of this disastrous cycle .
On December 17 , speculation on wheat and rice for delivery in March 2008 forced prices to historic highs on the Chicago Board of Trade .
Wheat jumped to more than $ 10 a bushel on projections of worsening shortages and inflation .
This level is double the $ 5 - a - bushel price of wheat at the beginning of 2007 .
Japan , the largest wheat importer in Asia , announced December 19 that it may raise wheat prices by 30 percent .
The same day , Indian government officials warned of impending food security problems .
These were due , according to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , to “ clouds on global financial markets following the sub - prime lending crisis . ”
Soybean and corn prices have also been pushed up to 34 - year and 11 - year highs , respectively , on the projected shortages and demand for biofuel .
These new trading levels become the agricultural benchmarks for subsequent trading , and , as the Financial Times put it December 17 , have the consequence of “ raising inflationary pressure and constraining the ability of central banks to mitigate economic slowdown . ”
Higher fuel costs ultimately lead to higher food prices , via higher shipping charges , particularly for nations that import a large proportion of their staple foods .
Shipping costs for bulk commodities have increased by more than 80 percent in the past year and 57 percent since June , according to the Baltic Exchange Dry Index .
The FAO report noted that the enormous increase in freight costs has had the effect of dis-integrating the world market in certain regions because many import - heavy countries have opted to purchase from closer suppliers , resulting in “ prices at regional or localized levels falling out of line with world levels . ”
The rising oil price not only affects the costs of transportation and importation .
It also has a direct impact on the costs of farm operation in the working of agricultural and industrial processing machinery .
Moreover , fertilizer , which takes its key component , nitrogen , from natural gas , is also spiking in price because of the impact of rising oil prices on the demand and costs of other fuels .
By the same token , as oil prices rise , the demand for biofuel sources such as corn , sugarcane , and soybeans also rises , resulting in more and more feedstock crops being devoted to fuel and additives production .
In the US , the use of corn for ethanol production has doubled since 2003 , and is projected by the FAO to increase from 55 million metric tons to 110 million metric tons by 2016 .
The US government is more ambitious .
On December 19 , President Bush signed a new energy bill into law which contains a mandate for expanding domestic biofuel production five - fold over the next 15 years , to more than 36 billion gallons a year .
Already a third of the US corn harvest is devoted to ethanol production , surpassing the amount of corn bound for the world food markets .
As more US cropland is devoted to ethanol - bound corn , other major agricultural regions are struggling with weather disasters associated with climate change .
Australia and the Ukraine , both significant exporters of wheat , have suffered extreme weather that damaged crops .
A prolonged drought in southern Australia has curtailed farming to such a degree that many farmers have sold their land .
Current research suggests that as temperatures rise over the next fifty years by 1 to 2 degrees Celsius , poor countries may lose 135 million hectares ( 334 million acres ) of arable land because of lost rainfall .
In new studies published earlier this month in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , researchers have cautioned that this estimate may be conservative , and that the impact of climate change on food production has been over - simplified .
According to NASA / Goddard Institute of Space Studies researcher Francesco Tubiello , complications of climate change on the world food supply may be far worse than previously predicted : “ The projections show a smooth curve , but a smooth curve has never happened in history .
Things happen suddenly , and then you ca n’t respond to them . ”
Tubiello ’s research focuses on extreme weather events that have devastated entire crops when they coincided with germination and blossoming periods , as was the case with Italy ’s corn crop in 2003 .
Tubiello noted that corn yield in the Po valley growing region fell to 36 percent following a heat wave that raised Italy ’s temperatures 6 degrees over the long - term average .
In addition to the survival thresholds of plants , researchers have begun studying the effects of higher temperatures on the physiology and diseases of livestock , as well as the spread of pests , molds and viruses native to tropical zones .
Goddard Institute research has suggested that bluetongue , a viral disease of cattle and sheep , will move outward from the tropics into regions including southern Australia .
According to the Earth Institute at Columbia University , higher temperatures will lead to higher infertility in livestock and lower dairy yields .
The implications of these studies are that farming adaptations such as hardier crops and shifts in planting times may initially mitigate anticipated global warming .
Yet over the coming decades , the stress of climate change on the food supply will also intensify in abrupt and catastrophic ways for which the capitalist system and its ruling elites are entirely unprepared and which they are unable to prevent .
World 's most expensive lemon ?
Dealership says $ 1.7 million car wo n't run and maker Mercedes - Benz wo n't fix it .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -
The owner of a Los Angeles car dealership is suing Mercedes - Benz , its parent company DaimlerChrysler and other affiliates , alleging that a $ 1.7 million car purchased in 2004 would n't run for more than 10 blocks without problems .
The car , a Mercedes - Benz AMG CLK - GTR Limited Edition Roadster , was supposed to be one of only five made .
In the lawsuit , the owner of exotic car dealership Grand Prix Motors also alleges that six were actually made , reducing the value of his car .
A two - door sports car , the CLK - GTR has a carbon fiber body and a 6.9 - liter 12 - cylinder engine enabling it to go from zero to 124 mph in 9.9 seconds .
It has a top speed of 198.4 mph .
According to the dealership 's Web site , the car 's intended retail selling price was $ 2.5 million .
The car is believed to be the only one of its kind in the U.S. , said plaintiff Mark Johnston .
It is intended to be a street car but , because of differences in safety and emissions rules between the U.S. and Europe , it cannot legally be driven on public roads here .
" Unfortunately , the car turned out to be ' exotic ' in the worst possible way , " dealership owner Johnston said .
" When we took it off the lot in 2004 for its first customer test drive , [ dealership co-owner Ernest Johnston ] drove the car all of 10 blocks with a prospective buyer when the oil light came on .
We 've been trying to get it fixed ever since , but the Mercedes folks have refused to stand behind the car as promised in our contract . "
Additionally , according to Johnston , the car 's transmission failed to shift properly , the hydraulic jack system failed and the car 's windows came unglued .
Mercedes ultimately determined that the car suffered from an oil pressure - related engine failure , the plaintiffs allege , but refused to make any repairs .
" It 's unfortunate the defendants have forced us to bring a lawsuit in order to have our contract honored , " said Johnston .
" We obviously cannot sell the car in its current condition , which right now represents nearly $ 2 million of scrap metal . "
Mercedes - Benz USA spokeswoman Donna Boland said she could not comment on the lawsuit since the car was purchased directly from Germany and not through Mercedes ' U.S. arm .
Mercedes - Benz USA is named as a defendant in the suit .
Mercedes - Benz officials in Germany could not immediately be reached for comment .
The suit seeks a full refund of the car 's purchase price as well as legal fees and other expenses .
Feedback
Also :
Conn. urges probe into Jeep Grand Cherokee
Technology could prevent 10,000 crash deaths a year
ANXIETY about the dollar continues to spread .
The falling greenback is often seen as a sign of an impending recession or the fall of the United States from global leadership .
A low dollar simply looks bad .
We are , after all , used to judging ourselves against others — comparing our salaries with the earnings of our peers , and our homes with those of our neighbors .
We ’re used to thinking it is a big advantage to stand at the top of a numerical list .
But when it comes to currencies , a higher value neither brings national success nor predicts future prosperity .
The measure of a nation ’s wealth is the goods and services it produces , not the relative standing of its currency .
Take a look at 1985 - 88 , when the dollar lost more ground than in the last few years .
Those were good times , and the next decade was largely prosperous as well .
Today ’s lower value for the dollar reflects the success of other regions .
Europe has shown it can make the European Union and its unified currency work , and thus the euro has become stronger .
The Canadian union appears increasingly stable , and that means a higher value for the Canadian dollar .
Over all , these geopolitical developments are good for America even if the dollar becomes weaker in relative terms .
Many observers have an exaggerated sensitivity to the dollar ’s fall because they spend more time in relatively expensive countries .
A shopping trip to London will give an American tourist the feeling that all prices have doubled or even worse .
A weekend vacation or conference in nearby Toronto or Montreal may no longer feel like a bargain .
When a noxious cloud sent shoppers running in panic on the streets of London , emergency services feared the capital was under chemical attack .
Wearing specialist breathing equipment , fire crews sealed off the area in Soho on Monday afternoon and began a three - hour hunt to find the source of the eye - watering stench while a hazardous area response team stood by , fearing the worst .
Three streets were closed and people evacuated from the area as the search was carried out .
After locating the source at about 7 pm , emergency crews smashed their way into the Thai Cottage restaurant in D'Arblay Street only to emerge with a 9lb pot of smouldering dried chillies .
Baffled chef Chalemchai Tangjariyapoon , who had been cooking a spicy dip , was amazed to find himself at the centre of the terror scare .
" We only cook it once a year - it 's a spicy dip with extra hot chillies that are deliberately burned , " he said .
" To us it smells like burned chilli and it is slightly unusual .
I can understand why people who were n't Thai would not know what it was but it does n't smell like chemicals .
I 'm a bit confused . "
Staff at the restaurant had already been evacuated by the time the dip was discovered .
Supranee Yodmuang , a Thai Cottage waitress said : " The first we knew about it was at about 4.30 in the afternoon when the fire brigade came .
They led us out to where the streets had been cordoned off and we waited there for about three hours .
" They said there was a chemical smell and I remember saying to someone that maybe the smell was the chillies but then we said that was not possible .
" When we came back at 7.30 pm we saw the door had been smashed and there were fire brigade and police waiting outside .
I was a bit scared but they were very nice about it . "
The spicy dip , which is a speciality at the restaurant , is made from charred chillies , garlic flakes , dried shrimps , palm sugar , shrimp paste , tamarind and vegetable oil .
The restaurant , which has been open for 17 years , is considering putting up posters to warn the public during future chilli cooking sessions .
Most of us have no doubt that our fellow humans are conscious .
We are also pretty sure that many animals have consciousness .
Some , like the great ape species , even seem to possess self - consciousness , like us .
Others , like dogs and cats and pigs , may lack a sense of self , but they certainly appear to experience inner states of pain and pleasure .
About smaller creatures , like mosquitoes , we are not so sure ; certainly we have few compunctions about killing them .
As for plants , they obviously do not have minds , except in fairy tales .
Nor do nonliving things like tables and rocks .
All that is common sense .
But common sense has not always proved to be such a good guide in understanding the world .
And the part of our world that is most recalcitrant to our understanding at the moment is consciousness itself .
How could the electrochemical processes in the lump of gray matter that is our brain give rise to — or , even more mysteriously , be — the dazzling technicolor play of consciousness , with its transports of joy , its stabs of anguish and its stretches of mild contentment alternating with boredom ?
This has been called “ the most important problem in the biological sciences ” and even “ the last frontier of science . ”
It engrosses the intellectual energies of a worldwide community of brain scientists , psychologists , philosophers , physicists , computer scientists and even , from time to time , the Dalai Lama .
So vexing has the problem of consciousness proved that some of these thinkers have been driven to a hypothesis that sounds desperate , if not downright crazy .
Perhaps , they say , mind is not limited to the brains of some animals .
Perhaps it is ubiquitous , present in every bit of matter , all the way up to galaxies , all the way down to electrons and neutrinos , not excluding medium - size things like a glass of water or a potted plant .
Moreover , it did not suddenly arise when some physical particles on a certain planet chanced to come into the right configuration ; rather , there has been consciousness in the cosmos from the very beginning of time .
Image Credit ... Ansel Adams
The doctrine that the stuff of the world is fundamentally mind - stuff goes by the name of panpsychism .
A few decades ago , the American philosopher Thomas Nagel showed that it is an inescapable consequence of some quite reasonable premises .
First , our brains consist of material particles .
Second , these particles , in certain arrangements , produce subjective thoughts and feelings .
Third , physical properties alone cannot account for subjectivity .
( How could the ineffable experience of tasting a strawberry ever arise from the equations of physics ? )
Now , Nagel reasoned , the properties of a complex system like the brain do n’t just pop into existence from nowhere ; they must derive from the properties of that system ’s ultimate constituents .
Those ultimate constituents must therefore have subjective features themselves — features that , in the right combinations , add up to our inner thoughts and feelings .
But the electrons , protons and neutrons making up our brains are no different from those making up the rest of the world .
So the entire universe must consist of little bits of consciousness .
Learn your history before it repeats on you !
" Money is Power " , or shall we say , " The Monopoly to CreateCredit Money and charge interest is Absolute Power " .
( AlexJames ) Amsel ( Amschel ) Bauer Mayer Rothschild , 1838 : " Give mecontrol of the economics of a country ; and I care not whomakes her laws .
The few who understand the system , willeither be so interested from its profits or so dependant onits favors , that there will be no opposition from thatclass " .
" Let me issue and control a Nation 's money and Icare not who makes its laws " .
Letter written from London by the Rothschilds to their NewYork agents introducing their banking method into America :
" The few who can understand the system will be either sointerested in its profits , or so dependent on its favours , that there will be no opposition from that class , while , onthe other hand , that great body of people , mentallyincapable of comprehending the tremendous advantage thatCapital derives from the system , will bear its burdenwithout complaint and , perhaps , without even suspectingthat the system is inimical to their interests .
" Nathan Rothschild said to the Commons Secret Committee onthe question early in 1819 : " In what line of business areyou ? - Mostly in the foreign banking line .
" Have thegoodness to state to the Committee in detail , what youconceive would be the consequence of an obligation imposedupon the Bank [ of England , which he owned ] to resume cashpayments at the expiration of a year from the present time ?-
I do not think it can be done without very great distressto this country ; it would do a great deal of mischief ; we may not actually know ourselves what mischief it mightcause .
" Have the goodness to explain the nature of themischief , and in what way it would be produced ?
- Moneywill be so very scarce , every article in this country willfall to such an enormous extent , that many persons willbe ruined .
" The director of the Prussian Treasury wrote on a visit toLondon that Nathan Rothschild had as early as 1817 : " .. , incredible influence upon all financial affairs here inLondon .
It is widely stated .. , that he entirely regulatesthe rate of exchange in the City .
His power as a banker isenormous " .
Austrian Prince Mettemich 's secretary wrote of the Rothschilds , as early as 1818 , that : " ... they are therichest people in Europe .
" Referring to James Rothschild , the poet Heinrich Heinesaid : " Money is the god of our times , and Rothschild is hisprophet .
" James Rothschild built his fabulous mansion , called Ferrilres , 19 miles north - east of Paris .
Wilhelm I , onfirst seeing it , exclaimed : " Kings could n't afford this .
Itcould only belong to a Rothschild !
" Author Frederic Morton wrote that the Rothschilds had : " … conquered the World more thoroughly , more cunningly , andmuch more lastingly than all the Caesars before ...
" As Napoleon pointed out : " Terrorism , War & Bankruptcy arecaused by the privatization of money , issued as a debt andcompounded by interest "- he cancelled debt and interest inFrance - hence the Battle of Waterloo .
Some writers have claimed that Nathan Rothschild " warnedthat the United States would find itself involved in a mostdisastrous war if the bank 's charter were not renewed . " ( do you see the similarities here ?
If you do n't play thegame an economic disaster will fall on you and you will bedestroyed . )
" There is but one power in Europe and that is Rothschild .
" 19th century French commentator .
Lord Rothschild ( Rockefellers and Rothschilds ' relatives ) in his book The Shadow of a Great Man quotes a letter sentfrom Davidson on June 24 , 1814 to Nathan Rothschild , " Aslong as a house is like yours , and as long as you worktogether with your brothers , not a house in the world willbe able to compete with you , to cause you harm or to takeadvantage of you , for together you can undertake andperform more than any house in the world . "
The closeness ofthe Rothschild brothers is seen in a letter from Soloman ( Salmon ) Rothschild to his brother Nathan on Feb. 28 , 1815 , " We are like the mechanism of a watch : each part isessential . "
( 2 ) This closeness is further seen in that ofthe 18 marriages made by Mayer Amschel Rothschild ' sgrandchildren - 16 were contracted between first cousins .
" Centralisation of credit in the hands of the state , bymeans of a national bank with state capital and anexclusive monopoly . "
The Communist Manifesto .
In the caseof the Bolshevik revolution , Rothschilds / Rockefellers ' Chase Bank owned the state .
In the US , the FED owners " own " the state .
Rothschilds ' favorite saying who along with the Rockefellers are the major Illuminati Banking Dynasties : " Who controls the issuance of money controls thegovernment !
" Nathan Rothschild said ( 1777 -1836 ) : " I care not what puppetis placed on the throne of England to rule the Empire .
Theman who controls Britain 's money supply controls the British Empire and I control the British money supply .
" Rockefeller is reported to have said : " Competition is asin " .
" Own nothing .
Control everything " .
Because he wantsto centralize control of everything and enslave us all , i.e. the modern Nimrod or Pharaoh .
The Rothschild were behind the colonization and occupationsof India and the Rothschild owned British Petroleum wasgranted unlimited rights to all offshore Indian oil , whichis still valid till this day .
" Give me the control of the credit of a nation , and I carenot who makes the laws . "
The famous boastful statement ofNathaniel Meyer Rothschild , speaking to a group ofinternational bankers , 1912 : " The few who could understandthe system ( cheque , money , credits ) will either be sointerested in its profits , or so dependent on its favours , that there will be no opposition from that class , while onthe other hand , the great body of people , mentallyincapable of comprehending the tremendous advantage thatcapital derives from the system , will bear its burdenswithout complaint , and perhaps without even suspecting thatthe system is inimical to their interests . "
The boastfulstatement by Rothschild Bros. of London .
These people are the top masterminds and conspired for thecreation of illegal FEDERAL RESERVE BANK in 1913 : TheodoreRoosevelt , Paul Warburg - Representative Of Rothschild , Woodrow Wilson - U.S. President Signed FED Into Act , NelsonW. Aldrich - Representative Of Rockefeller , Benjamin Strong - Representative Of Rockefeller , Frank A. Vanderlip - Representative Of Rockefeller , John D. Rockefeller - Rockefeller Himself , Henry Davison - Representative Of J.P. Morgan , Charles Norton - Representative Of J. P. Morgan .
In the last century , members of the British Fabian Societydynastic banking families in the City of London financedthe Communist takeover of Russia .
Trotsky in his biographyrefers to some of the loans from these British financiersgoing back as far as 1907 .
By 1917 the major subsidies andfunding for the Bolshevik Revolution were co-ordinated andarranged by Sir George Buchanan and Lord Alfred Milner .
[ nodoubt using money from Cecil Rhodes ' South African gold anddiamond legacy - Ed ]
The Communist system in Russia was a " British experiment " designed ultimately to become the Fabian Socialist model for the British takeover of the World through the UN and EU .
The British plan to takeoverthe World and bring in a " New World Order " began with theteachings of John Ruskin and Cecil Rhodes at OxfordUniversity .
Rhodes in one of his wills in 1877 left hisvast fortune to Lord Nathan Rothschild as trustee to set upthe Rhodes Scholarship Program at Oxford to indoctrinatepromising young graduates for the purpose , and alsoestablish a secret society [ Royal Institute of International Affairs RIIA , which branched into the RoundTable , the Bilderbergers , the CFR , the Trilateral , etc -- Ed ] for leading business and banking leaders around the World who would work for the City to bring in theirSocialist World government .
Rothschild appointed Lord Alfred Milner to implement theplan .
Benjamin Freedman ( Friedman ) said this in 1961 , Washington ( he was a millionaire insider in international Zionistorganizations , friend to 4 US presidents , and was also partof the 117 - man strong Zionist delegation at the signing ofthe Treaty of Versailles in 1919 where Germany was forcedinto bankruptcy to the Zionist BankLords and social chaos ) : " Two years into WW1 , Germany , which was then winning thewar , offered Britain and France a negotiated peace deal , but German Zionist groups seeing the opportunity made adeal with Britain to get the United States into the warif Britain promised to give the Zionists Palestine .
"
In other words , they made this deal : " We will get the United States into this war as your ally .
The price youmust pay us is Palestine after you have won the war anddefeated Germany , Austria - Hungary , and Turkey . "
They madethat promise , in October of 1916 .
And shortly after that -- I do n't know how many here remember it -- the UnitedStates , which was almost totally pro-German because thenewspapers and mass communications media here werecontrolled by the Zionist bankers who owned the majorcommercial banks and the 12 Federal Reserve Banks ( theoriginal Stockholders of the Federal Reserve Banks in 1913 were the Rockefeller ' s , JPMorgan , Rothschild 's , Lazard Freres , Schoellkopf , Kuhn - Loeb , Warburgs , Lehman Brothers and Goldman Sachs , allwith roots in Germany 's Zionists like the British Royalfamily , J.P. Morgan , Carnegie , Bush , Rumsfeld , Clintons , the Nazis that were brought into the CIA , etc.and they were pro-German because they wanted to use Germanyto destroy the Czar of Russia and let the Communistswhom they funded take over .
The German Zionist bankers -- Rothschilds , Rockefeller , Kuhn Loeb and the other bigbanking firms in the United States refused to finance France or England to the extent of one dollar .
They stoodaside and they said : " As long as France and England aretied up with Russia , not one cent ! "
They poured money intoGermany , fighting with Germany against Russia , to lick the Czarist regime .
The newspapers had been all pro-German , where they'd been telling the people of the difficultiesthat Germany was having fighting Great Britain commerciallyand in other respects , then after making the deal with the British for Palestine , all of a sudden the Germans were nogood .
They were villains .
They were Huns .
They wereshooting Red Cross nurses .
They were cutting off babies ' hands .
And they were no good .
The Zionists in London sentcables to the US , to Justice Brandeis : " Go to work on President Wilson .
We 're getting from England what we want .
Now you go to work , and you go to work on President Wilsonand get the US into the war . "
And that did happen .
Shortlyafter President Woodrow Wilson declared war on Germany .
The power of the Rothschild family was evidenced on 24 Sept 2002 when a helicopter touched down on the lawn of Waddedson Manor , their ancestral home in Buckinghamshire , England .
Out of the helicopter strode Warren Buffet , - touted as the second richest man in the World but reallya lower ranking player - and Arnold Schwarzenegger ( thegropinator ) , at that time a candidate for the Governorshipof California .
Also in attendance at this two day meetingof the World 's most powerful businessmen and financiershosted by Jacob Rothschild were James Wolfensohn , presidentof the World Bank and Nicky Oppenheimer , chairman of DeBeers .
Arnold went on to secure the governorship of one ofthe biggest economies on the planet a year later .
That hewas initiated into the ruling class in the Rothschilds ' English country manor suggests that the centre ofgravity of the three hundred trillion dollar cartelis in the U.K. and Europe not the U.S.A recent article in the London Financial Times indicateswhy it is impossible to gain an accurate estimate of thewealth of the trillionaire bankers .
Discussing the saleof Evelyn Rothschild 's stake in Rothschild ContinuationHoldings , it states : ...[ this ] requires agreement on thevaluation of privately held assets whose value has neverbeen tested in a public market .
Most of these assets areheld in a complex network of tax - efficient structuresaround the World .
Queen Elizabeth II 's shareholdings remain hidden behindBank of England Nominee accounts .
The Guardian newspaperreported in May 2002 ... " the reason for the wildvariations in valuations of her private wealth can bepinned on the secrecy over her portfolio of shareinvestments .
This is because her subjects have no way ofknowing through a public register of interests where she , as their head of state , chooses to invest her money .
Unlikethe members of the Commons and now the Lords , the Queendoes not have to annually declare her interests and as aresult her subjects cannot question her or know aboutpotential conflicts of interests ... "
In fact , the Queeneven has an extra mechanism to ensure that her investmentsremain secret - a nominee company called the Bank ofEngland Nominees .
It has been available for decades to theentire World 's current heads of state to allow themanonymity when buying shares .
Therefore , when a companypublishes a share register and the Bank of England Nomineesis listed , it is not possible to gauge whether the Queen , President Bush or even Saddam Hussein is the trueshareholder .
By this method , the trillionaire masters of the universeremain hidden whilst Forbes magazine poses lower rankingbillionaires like Bill Gates and Warren Buffett as therichest men in the World .
Retired management consultantGaylon Ross
Sr , author of Who's Who of the Global Elite , has been tipped from a private source that the combinedwealth of the Rockefeller family in 1998 was approx ( US ) $ 11 trillion and the Rothschilds ( U.S. ) $ 100 trillion .
However something of an insider 's knowledge of the hiddenwealth of the elite is contained in the article , " Will the Dollar and America Fall Down on August 19 ?.. " on page 1 ofthe 12th July 2001 issue of Russian newspaper Pravda .
Thenewspaper interviewed Tatyana Koryagina , a senior researchfellow in the Institute of Macroeconomic Researchessubordinated to the Russian Ministry of EconomicDevelopment ( Minekonom ) on the subject of a recentconference concerning the fate of the U.S. economy : Koryagina :
The known history of civilization is merely thevisible part of the iceberg .
There is a shadow economy , shadow politics and also a shadow history , known toconspirologists .
There are [ unseen ] forces acting in the World , unstoppable for [ most powerful ] countries and evencontinents .
Ashley Mote ( EU ) : " Mr President , I wish to draw yourattention to the Global Security Fund , set up in the early1990s under the auspices of Jacob Rothschild .
This is aBrussels - based fund and it is no ordinary fund : it does nottrade , it is not listed and it has a totally differentpurpose .
It is being used for geopolitical engineeringpurposes , apparently under the guidance of the intelligenceservices . "
" I have previously asked about the allegedinvolvement of the European Union 's own intelligenceresources in the management of slush funds in offshoreaccounts , and I still await a reply .
To that question I nowadd another : what are the European Union 's connections tothe Global Security Fund and what relationship does it havewith European Union institutions ?
" Recently , Ashley Mote ofthe European Union ( EU ) asked this volatile question in apublic EU meeting , a question never answered , as Mr. Mote , merely by asking this question , was immediately scratchedfrom the White House Christmas card list and placed on itstop ten hit list .
The Illuminati's cash cow , grazing freelyon the World wide pasture of greenbacks , is n't called " Elsie " but instead is called the Global Security Fund , aname actually meaning in the secret cult 's language GlobalTerrorist Fund .
In simple terms , it 's a gigantic illegaltrust fund , estimated by undercover overseas financialinvestigators at 65 trillion dollars , set - up for " Illuminati rainy days " and established when it isdesperately needed in a pinch for bribery , assassinationsand sponsoring World wide terrorist activities to divertattention from their banking mafia .
Although the fund iscloaked in secrecy and made possible by the Westerncivilization ' s Federal Reserve banking system , investigators trying to pry into the Illuminati's secrettreasure trove have uncovered some interesting facts .
DIGG THIS
Ever since I had my epiphany and realized that Peter Schiff had been right about the imminent collapse of the U.S. dollar , I ’ve been meaning to write a review of his book .
When the stock market became increasingly volatile , I thought , " I ’d really better write that review soon ! "
But the final straw came today , when I read that wholesale prices in November rose at the fastest rate in 34 years .
LRC readers need to learn how to protect their wealth , while they still have some left .
Schiff is president of Euro Pacific Capital , a broker - dealer specializing in foreign markets .
He is very well read in Austrian economics , and his pessimistic analyses on CNBC and other outlets have earned him the nickname " Dr. Doom . "
You might say that the maverick Schiff is the Ron Paul of investment analysts .
Just as the presidential candidate , Schiff is a staunch proponent of honest commodity money .
He believes that the US dollar is poised for a significant fall versus other currencies but in particular against real goods and services .
Since closing the gold window in 1971 , the Fed ’s inflation of the money supply has been tempered somewhat by the unique position of the United States ; foreigners , especially other governments , were willing to accumulate large reserves of dollar - denominated assets .
But once the illusion is broken , the game will be over .
The only thing that buoys a fiat currency ’s market value is the widespread belief in its future market value .
Once that belief is questioned , the green pieces of paper can become worthless .
As Schiff puts it in one of his clever analogies :
Remember when Iron Mike Tyson wore the heavyweight crown , was knocking out everybody in sight , and was so fearsome it seemed inconceivable he could lose ?
Well , as always happens eventually , he finally met his match .
Buster Douglas beat him , and after that he just kept getting beaten .
It was the same Mike Tyson , but Buster had broken a psychological barrier .
Any reality check that pierces the myth that the American economy is too big to fail could begin the process of unraveling .
( pp. 5 —6 )
Schiff then goes on to give his own knockout prediction :
Our days as the dominant economic power are numbered .
The dollar is going to collapse , and Americans are going to experience stagflation on an unprecedented scale in the form of recession and hyperinflation .
Those of you who act smartly and quickly by taking measures I outline later in this book not only will avoid loss of wealth but also will have positioned yourselves to prosper while your neighbors suffer a painful period of reconstruction and reform .
( p. 6 , italics original )
Investment Advice
Although Schiff is remarkably well - versed in Austrian theory for someone who is not a professional economist , I do have a few quibbles with his presentation on the trade deficit .
However , as Schiff himself remarked after reading my critique , my objections are akin to medieval scholars debating how many angels could dance on the point of a needle .
The important thing is that the US transformation from the largest creditor to the largest debtor nation is the result of our fiat money system , and is not at all a sign of economic strength .
So even though I would n’t recommend Schiff ’s book as a primer on international trade , that ’s not a huge objection , because his ultimate purpose is to guide investors through the storm .
This is really where Schiff shines .
Of course he recommends getting out of dollar - denominated assets .
But Schiff goes much further .
He takes the reader step - by - step through the process of selecting foreign assets , and also gives pointers on buying gold .
I do n’t want to hurt his sales , so I wo n’t reveal all of the secrets .
But let me give a great example that illustrates the sophistication of his analysis .
It ’s really a lot more than simply , " The US is going to hell in a handbasket ! "
In a section entitled " SHORT THE MARKET ? "
Schiff writes :
It ’s not everybody ’s cup of tea , but an investor of above - average sophistication might reasonably ask , " If the U.S. stock market is a train wreck waiting to happen , why not just sell it short ? " …
Here ’s why I would recommend against doing this .
Retail brokers normally require investors to hold any short - sale proceeds in U.S. dollars usually earning no interest .
The dollar , seen through my famously jaundiced eye , could lose more purchasing power than the security you sold short lost value …
I ’ve got a much better idea , which is to borrow dollars and spend them to acquire foreign income - producing assets , using the income to pay the interest .
Short selling accomplishes the opposite , as you end up borrowing assets , which will probably have some intrinsic value , and acquiring dollars , which may have none .
( pp. 112— 113 )
Miscellaneous
Beyond his diagnosis of the American economy , and the nuts and bolts of how to ride out the storm , Schiff ’s book is filled with all sorts of interesting tidbits .
For example , he says that China ’s advantage is that it is not a democracy , and this is precisely why it will be so successful in the coming decades ( p. 177 ) .
On the matter of supposedly communist China , Schiff asks if the reader remembers seeing " MADE IN THE USSR " on all sorts of products during the Cold War ?
Of course not .
Schiff ’s conclusion is that " in u2018 communist China ’ entrepreneurs have more freedom than they do in America .
It is far easier to go into business there than here . " ( p. 176 )
Another interesting part of the book is Schiff ’s graph of the Dow Jones Industrial Average divided by the gold price .
After peaking in both 1929 and 1966 , this ratio returned both times to about 1 to 1 .
If that were to happen today , it would mean a tremendous fall in the stock market and a huge rise in gold .
Even if the ratio returned only to 2 to 1 or even 3 to 1 , it would still spell a large fall for stocks and a large upswing in gold .
( Schiff pp. 220 — 222 )
Finally , to give a taste of the passion in the book , I will close with Schiff ’s chilling warning of the looming choice that Americans will face :
For years the United States has been traveling a course the Nobel Prize - winning Austrian economist Friedrich von Hayek set forth in a book self - descriptively titled The Road to Serfdom .
The coming economic collapse may finally bring Americans to that grim destination .
But it is also possible that the same dire economic conditions will inspire a return to the country ’s constitutional traditions of sound money and limited government , the foundation upon which a viable economy can be rebuilt .
There is a fork in the road to serfdom .
One choice leads back to freedom , and it is my fervent hope that Americans will take it .
( p. 259 )
The Best of Bob Murphy
Subject : Repost : Performance Benchmarks : Emulating FPGAs Using General Purpose Processors Date : 09 Feb 1996 00:00:00 GMT newsgroups : comp.arch.fpga
Reposted after Netcom corrupted the first copy .
In < 1996 Feb9.082016.20892@super.org > sc-@vcc.com ( Steve Casselman ) writes : >> Another thread that would be good is just for some benchmark >> data on what people are doing now .
For example if someone >> is doing neural nets you might post : >> >>
I did a 12 neuron neural net that did 12 Billion connections / sec >> in 3000 gates and a ALPHA 330 MegHz can do them @ 300 Million >>connections /sec .
( no I did not do this it is just an example >> of the detail of the proposed post )
A while back I was wondering about this in general : " how much better are FPGAs at executing , in hardware , an arbitrary computation , than are modern general purpose processors at executing , in software , the same arbitrary computation ? " .
And so I wrote the following loose analysis which might be interesting to discuss : Emulating FPGAs using general purpose processors Jan Gray , 1995
It is well known that FPGAs can implement general purpose computers , and general purpose computers can emulate FPGAs .
In this message I consider how efficiently a general purpose processor can emulate an arbitrary FPGA circuit .
It arises from my curiosity regarding what performance advantage ( if any ) the custom reconfigurable computing crowd has over general purpose processors , to quantify , best case , how much faster an FPGA is at arbitrary FPGA problems .
Setting aside such modern features as embedded SRAM , 3 - state buses , asynchronous flip - flop set / reset , and even flip - flop clock enables , we model a typical lookup - table - based FPGA logic element as an arbitrary 4 - input logic function driving either another stage of logic or a flip - flop .
Without fudging too much we can then consider that all multilevel logic functions are pipelined with a register between each logic function .
This simplifies my equivalence construction below and allows us to compare against an FPGA clock rate based upon the sum of flip - flop clock - to - output delay , delay through some interconnect , one logic function delay , and the flip - flop setup time .
Thus , we model an FPGA as a vector of n 4 - input function generators F[ i ] driving n flip - flops R[i ] which are in turn fed back into the function generator inputs .
In practice most FPGAs are incapable of modeling arbitrary interconnect schemes between logic elements , instead greatly favouring local interconnect between nearby logic elements .
However , we ’ll be overly generous and permit any function generator F[ i ] to compute any function of any 4 flip - flop outputs : R[i ] ’ = F[ i ] ( R [ a [ i ] ] , R[ b[ i ] ] , R[ c [ i ] ] , R[ d [ i ] ] ) ; for i , a [ i ] , b[i ] , c[i ] , d[i ] all in [ 0 ..n ) .
Note that a , b , c , d , are simple mappings which describe which flip - flop outputs are inputs to each given function generator .
For instance , if R [ 0 ] ’ = R [ 2 ] xor R [ 3 ] xor R [ 5 ] xor R [ 7 ] , we would have a [ 0 ] =2 , b[ 0 ] =3 , c [ 0 ] =5 , d[ 0 ] =7 .
On a general purpose processor with word width w , we can implement the flip - flop vector by partitioning it into w bit registers .
To simplify the presentation , assume that n == w .
Then a simulation of one clocking of the FPGA is to form A , B , C , D , each a mapping of R such that A [ i ] == R[ a [ i ] ]
B [ i ] == R [ b [ i ] ]
C[i ] == R[ c [ i ] ] D[ i ] == R [ d [ i ] ] and finally compute R’[ i ] = F[ i ] ( A[ i ] , B[ i ] , C[i ] , D[i ] ) word - wise , over all the bit positions i simultaneously .
The first sub - problem is to compute 4 mappings of bits of R into A , B , C , D efficiently .
One approach is to perform wordwise bit shifting , xor , and mask operations upon R .
For instance , R can be bit - reversed in 5 lg w simple RISC instructions , arbitrarily permuted in 10 lg w instructions , and arbitrary mapped ( any bit input to any bit output , including arbitrary bit replication ) in roughly 20 lg w instructions employing 4 lg w constants .
( Knuth developed this by analogy from exchange networks ) .
Another approach is to build w/8 256 - entry lookup tables , for each byte of bits in R , and " or " the contributions together : word R , LUA [ w/8 ] [ 256 ] , A = 0 ; for ( i = 0 ; i < w/8 ; i++) A |= LUA [ i ] [ ( R > >( i * 8 ) ) % 256 ] ; Written in - line this would require about w/8 shifts , masks , loads and " or "s .
Let us assume the tables fit into d-cache and charge overall 4 * w/ 8 == w/2 instructions to arbitrarily map R into A .
For example , for w==64 , the wordwise bit mapping approach would require approximately 120 instructions , whereas the table lookup approach would require approximately 32 instructions ( including 8 loads ) .
Thus the four mappings A , B , C , D require about 4*32 == 128 instructions , including 32 loads and about 8 KB of lookup tables .
The next sub - problem is to compute F( A , B , C , D ) .
To perform this in parallel across all n bits , it suffices to generate the 16 minterms M[ 0 ] =~A&~B&~C&~D , M[ 1 ] =~A&~B&~C&D , ... , M [ 15 ] =A&B&C&D and then combine them under 16 masks N[ 0..15 ] : R = M [ 0 ] &N [ 0 ] | M [ 1 ] & N[ 1 ] | ... | M [ 15 ] &N [ 15 ] ;
By reusing common subexpressions this can be done in about 60 instructions .
All totaled , on a w - bit processor , we need about 4 * max ( w/2 , 20 lg w ) + 60 instructions to simulate one clocking of an arbitrary w- bit wide FPGA , as modeled .
Also of interest , the state required to describe the arbitrary w - bit FPGA of 4 - input logic elements , is only about 16 + 4 lg w words .
Let ’s try out this model against some real hardware !
A lowly XC4002A - 5 has 8x8 CLBs each with 2 function generators and two flip - flops , and with a clock to flip - flop output delay of 3 ns , an " interconnect delay " which I 'll empirically and arbitrarily state is 17 ns , and a combined function generator plus flip - flop setup time of 5 ns , all totaled , let ’s say 25 ns .
In summary , we wo n’t be far wrong (? ) to say an ‘ 02A is a " 128 - bit FPGA " which you can clock at 40 MHz .
In comparison a 32x32 CLB XC4025 - 5 would be a " 2048 - bit FPGA " .
In the general purpose processor corner , let ’s employ an Alpha 21164A .
I recall this machine can issue 4 instructions per clock at 300 MHz .
Since w==64 , it would take an Alpha about 200 instructions or about 50 issue slots ( 167 ns ) to emulate one clocking of an arbitrary 64 - bit FPGA .
Thus our Alpha might emulate half an ‘ 02A at a rate of about 6 MHz .
For another example , the BiCMOS MicroUnity media processor implementation can apparently perform 128 - bit operations at 1000 MHz .
Here with w==128 , it could emulate an arbitrary 128 - bit FPGA at about 4 MHz , perhaps faster if we can take advantage of some of its special bit shuffle instructions .
Well !
These results surprised me .
Even executing a billion operations per second on 64 - or 128 - bit registers , these general purpose processors could n’t achieve 10 % of the speed * gates figure of a small FPGA .
Even if you consider my " 12 ns " FPGA interconnect delay assumption far too generous given the arbitrary FPGA ’s arbitrary interconnection topology , and derate it to 50 ns or more , the little FPGA is still several times faster at FPGA type work than a general purpose microprocessor .
( I also wonder if this presentation does n’t suggest a slow , yet compact , physical FPGA implementation .
Attach a vector of flip - flops to the input and output sides of a " 4 - context " n- stage shuffle / copy / exchange interconnect , set up to route its input values according to 4 different routing configurations .
The interconnect can be pipelined , and run at high speed , to map the flip - flop outputs into 4 registered function generator inputs and every 8 or 9 clocks the flip - flop itself could be clocked .
Overall the pipeline could run at 200 + MHz and the overall FPGA at 25 MHz. )
Jan Gray Copyright © 2000 , Gray Research LLC .
All rights reserved .
Last updated : Feb 03 2001
Escalation of US Iran military planning part of six - year Administration push
Larisa Alexandrovna and Muriel Kane
Published : Tuesday January 23 , 2007
A project of Raw Story Investigates
( Click here to read the full timeline of the decades - long buildup to Iran )
The escalation of US military planning on Iran is only the latest chess move in a six - year push within the Bush Administration to attack Iran , a RAW STORY investigation has found .
While Iran was named a part of President George W. Bushs axis of evil in 2002 , efforts to ignite a confrontation with Iran date back long before the post - 9/11 war on terror .
Presently , the Administration is trumpeting claims that Iran is closer to a nuclear weapon than the CIAs own analysis shows and positing Iranian influence in Iraqs insurgency , but efforts to destabilize Iran have been conducted covertly for years , often using members of Congress or non-government actors in a way reminiscent of the 1980s Iran - Contra scandal .
The motivations for an Iran strike were laid out as far back as 1992 .
In classified defense planning guidance  written for then - Secretary of Defense Dick Cheney by then - Pentagon staffers I. Lewis " Scooter " Libby , World Bank Chief Paul Wolfowitz , and ambassador - nominee to the United Nations Zalmay Khalilzad  Cheneys aides called for the United States to assume the position of lone superpower and act preemptively to prevent the emergence of even regional competitors .
The draft document was leaked to the New York Times and the Washington Post and caused an uproar among Democrats and many in George H. W. Bushs Administration .
In September 2000 , the Project for the New American Century ( PNAC ) issued a report titled  Rebuilding America 's Defenses ,  which espoused similar positions to the 1992 draft and became the basis for the Bush - Cheney Administration 's foreign policy .
Libby and Wolfowitz were among the participants in this new report ; Cheney , former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and other prominent figures in the Bush administration were PNAC members .
 The United States has for decades sought to play a more permanent role in Gulf regional security ,  the report read .
 While the unresolved conflict with Iraq provides the immediate justification , the need for a substantial American force presence in the Gulf transcends the issue of the regime of Saddam Hussein .
. . .
We cannot allow North Korea , Iran , Iraq or similar states to undermine American leadership , intimidate American allies or threaten the American homeland itself . 
This approach became official US military policy during the current Bush Administration .
It was starkly on display yesterday when Undersecretary of State for Political Affairs Nicholas Burns noted a second aircraft carrier strike force headed for the Persian Gulf , saying , " The Middle East is n't a region to be dominated by Iran .
The Gulf is n't a body of water to be controlled by Iran .
That 's why we 've seen the United States station two carrier battle groups in the region . "
The Structure
Almost immediately after the Sept. 11 , 2001 attacks , Iran became a focal point of discussion among senior Administration officials .
As early as December 2001 , then - Deputy National Security Advisor Stephen Hadley and the leadership of the Defense Department , including Rumsfeld , Wolfowitz , and Undersecretary of Defense Douglas Feith , allegedly authorized a series of meetings between Defense Department officials and Iranian agents abroad .
The first of these meetings took place in Rome with Pentagon Iran analyst , Larry Franklin , Middle East expert Harold Rhode , and prominent neoconservative Michael Ledeen .
Ledeen , who held no official government position , introduced the US officials to Iran - Contra arms dealer Manucher Ghorbanifar .
According to both Ghorbanifar and Ledeen , the topic on the table was Iran .
Ledeen told RAW STORY last year the discussion concerned allegations that Iranian forces were killing US soldiers in Afghanistan , but Ghorbanifar has claimed the conversation focused on regime change .
In January 2002 , evidence that Iran was enriching uranium began to appear via credible intelligence and satellite imagery .
Despite this revelation  and despite having called Iran part of the Axis of Evil in his State of the Union that year  President Bush continued to focus on Iraq .
Perhaps for that reason , throughout 2002 the strongest pressure for regime change flowed through alternative channels .
In early 2002 , Ledeen formed the Coalition for Democracy in Iran , along with Morris Amitay , the former executive director of the American Israeli Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) .
In August 2002 , Larry Franklin began passing classified information involving United States policy towards Iran to two AIPAC employees and an Israeli diplomat .
Franklin pleaded guilty to the charges in October 2005 , explaining that he had been hoping to force the US to take a harder line with Iran , but AIPAC and Israel have continued to deny them .
At the same time , another groups political representatives begin a corollary effort to influence domestic political discourse .
In August 2002 , the National Council of Resistance of Iran  a front for a militant terrorist organization called Mujahedin - E - Khalq ( MEK )  held a press conference in Washington and stated that Iran had a secret nuclear facility at Natanz , due for completion in 2003 .
Late that summer , the Pentagon 's Undersecretary of Defense for Policy Douglas Feith and Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz expanded its Northern Gulf Affairs Office , renamed it the Office of Special Plans ( OSP ) , and placed it under the direction of Abram Shulsky , a contributor to the 2000 PNAC report .
Most know the Office of Special Plans as a rogue Administration faction determined to find intelligence to support the Iraq War .
But that wasnt its only task .
According to an article in The Forward in May 2003 ,  A budding coalition of conservative hawks , Jewish organizations and Iranian monarchists is pressing the White House to step up American efforts to bring about regime change in Iran .
. . .
Two sources [ say ]
Iran expert Michael Rubin is now working for the Pentagon's ' special plans ' office , a small unit set up to gather intelligence on Iraq , but apparently also working on Iran .
Previously a researcher at the Washington Institute for Near East policy , Rubin has vocally advocated regime change in Tehran . 
Dark Actors / Covert Activities
While the Iraq war was publicly founded upon questionable sources , much of the buildup to Iran has been entirely covert , using non-government assets and foreign instruments of influence to conduct disinformation campaigns , plant intelligence and commit acts of violence via proxy groups .
A few weeks prior to the Iraq invasion , in February 2003 , Iran acknowledged that it was building a nuclear facility at Natanz , saying that the facility was aimed at providing domestic energy .
However , allegations that Iran was developing a nuclear weapons program would become louder in the course of 2003 and continue unabated over the next three years .
That spring , then - Congressman Curt Weldon ( R - PA ) opened a channel on Iran with former Iranian Minister Fereidoun Mahdavi , a secretary for Ghorbanifar .
Both Weldon and Ledeen were told a strikingly similar story concerning a cross border plot between Iran and Iraq in which uranium had been removed from Iraq and taken into Iran by Iranian agents .
The CIA investigated the allegations but found them spurious .
Weldon took his complaints about the matter to Rumsfeld , who pressured the CIA to investigate a second time , with the same result .
In May 2003 , with pressure for regime change intensifying within the US , Iran made efforts to negotiate a peaceful resolution with the United States .
According to Lawrence Wilkerson , then - Chief of Staff to Secretary of State Colin Powell , these efforts were sabotaged by Vice President Cheney .
" The secret cabal got what it wanted : no negotiations with Tehran , " Wilkerson said .
The US was already looking increasingly to rogue methodology , including support for the Iranian terrorist group MEK .
Before the US invasion , MEK forces within Iraq had supported Saddam Hussein in exchange for safe harbor .
Despite this , when they were captured by the US military , they were disarmed of only their major weapons and are allowed to keep their smaller arms .
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld hoped to use them as a special ops team in Iran , while then - National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice and State Department officials argued against it .
By 2005 , the MEK would begin training with US forces in Iraq and carrying out bombings and assassinations in Iran , although it is unclear if the bombings were in any way approved by the US military .
The Pressure is On : 2004  2006
For a variety of reasons  ranging from the explosion of the insurgency in Iraq following the high point of " Mission Accomplished " to Iran 's willingness to admit IAEA inspectors  the drumbeat for regime change died down over the summer of 2003 .
In October 2003 , with Iran accepting even tougher inspections , Larry Franklin told his Israeli contact that work on the US policy towards Iran which they had been tracking seemed to have stopped .
Yet by the autumn of 2004 , pressure for confrontation with Iran had resumed , with President Bush telling Fox News that the US would never allow Iran to acquire nuclear weapons .
By then , the Pentagon had been directed to have a viable military option for Iran in place by June 2005 .
This phase of pressure was marked by increased activity directed at Congress .
An " Iran Freedom Support Act " was introduced in the House and Senate in January and February of 2005 .
Neoconservatives and individuals linked to the defense contracting industry formed an Iran Policy Committee , and in April and May presented briefings in support of MEK before the newly - created Iran Human Rights and Democracy Caucus of the House of Representatives .
In March 2006 , administration action became more overt .
The State Department created an Office of Iranian Affairs , while the Pentagon created an Iranian Directorate that had much in common with the earlier Office of Special Plans .
According to Seymour Hersh , covert US operations within Iran in preparation for a possible air attack also began at this time and included Kurds and other Iranian minority groups .
By setting up the Iranian Directorate within the Pentagon and running covert operations through the military rather than the CIA , the administration was able to avoid both Congressional oversight and interference from then - Director of National Intelligence John Negroponte , who has been vocally skeptical about using force against Iran .
The White House also successfully stalled the release of a fresh National Intelligence Estimate on Iran , which could reflect the CIA 's conclusion that there is no evidence of an Iranian nuclear weapons program .
In sum , the Bush Administration seems to have concluded that Iran is guilty until proven innocent and continues to maintain that the Persian Gulf belongs to Americans  not to Persians  setting the stage for a potential military strike .
Click here to read the full timeline of the decades - long buildup to Iran
Raw Story Investigates is made possible by reader donations .
This is the first article in a series of weekly investigative reports by Raw Story .
To make a contribution , click here .
home.yedo.com is not accessible ...
Sorry .
I do not know why this site is not working .
If you know Administrator of this site , please contact directly .
You may be able to see it in Google cache .
For administrator ...
MyDNS.JP did not received IP address from you over One week .
Please check your notify system .
If you restart notification of IP address , MyDNS.JP will apply your IP address to DNS information soon .
but , its reflection may take a while . :-(
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) -
On spring days on Mars , powerful geysers sometimes spew carbon dioxide “ steam ” and dust to great heights , a phenomenon unlike anything ever seen on earth , scientists said on Tuesday .
These eruptions can be so strong that the falling dirt creates fan - shaped patterns extending hundreds of yards metres .
“ Here ’s a place that looks wildly different than anything on Earth , ” NASA scientist Candice Hansen said at a meeting of the American Geophysical Union .
Mars and Earth are similar in that both are small , rocky planets with seasons caused by tilts in their axes , although the Martian year is twice as long as ours .
But the seasonal geysers illustrate one result of their vast differences in climate .
In winter , the southern pole of Mars is - 200 degrees F ( - 129 C ) , so cold that carbon dioxide in the atmosphere freezes to form a layer of dry ice about 20 inches thick .
On spring days , dry ice warmed by sunlight begins to turn into gas , some of which is trapped between the planet ’s surface and the remaining ice .
When the pressure grows strong enough , the gas erupts through cracks or vents like a steamy jet , Hansen said .
As the day goes on and the planet ’s surface warms , the eruptions become larger .
By midday , the gas also carries dust , which by evening has fallen on the surface in long fan - shaped patterns .
“ I would call it a dust plume or a gas jet , ” Hansen said .
“ We ’ve never actually caught one in action , but the fans that they leave behind are certainly impressive . ”
Images of these dust patterns have been captured by NASA ’s Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter , which has taken high - resolution photos of the planet for the past year , Hansen said .
The orbiter is scheduled to keep gathering images through the end of 2008 , when it will have recorded about 1 percent of the red planet ’s topography .
Robert Young Pelton is the author of " Licensed to
Kill : Hired Guns in the War
on Terror " and the " Guide to the World 's Most
Dangerous Places . "
He is also co-founder of
http://www.iraqslogger.com .
This blog item is about his
experiences attending the Congressional hearing into the Blackwater
shootings in Iraq written on October 2nd , 2007 .
Standing in line to get into Tuesday 's hearing , I found myself in a
strange position .
In front of me , dark - suited and staid Blackwater
executives stood waiting to show moral support for their boss , Erik
Prince , while the colorful and animated Pink Ladies behind me ticked
off reasons he and his industry should be feared .
The two extremes represent the bookends of public debate on the
private security industry .
The former military men who run Blackwater
view their supporting role in the war on terror as both necessary and
good , while human rights activists believe there is something deeply
wrong with authorizing private citizens to kill other private
citizens .
One of the women waiting in line asked me , " How can we find out what
these people are doing ? "
I suggested she could go to any
neighborhood in Baghdad and just ask the locals .
Or better yet -- spend a week driving through Baghdad in an unmarked car
to see how often convoys blast through intersections , guns bristling
from every door , pointed directly at you , giving you mere seconds to
get out of the way before the bullets start flying .
Feel your own
pulse racing as you realize how easily you could have been killed if
you 'd had your radio a little louder , or had n't noticed their
approach , or had n't swerved to a stop fast enough .
Companies like Blackwater wield a life - and - death power in Iraq ,
creating an arrogant misuse of force the United States has put into
civilians hands .
I spent time in Sadr City and other areas interviewing the victims of
Blackwater and other security companies .
Terrified Iraqis , many who
did not want to be identified or publicly quoted , told of sudden
unexpected encounters with fast moving convoys of SUVs -- then death ,
destruction , or permanent life change as family members were crushed ,
maimed , killed , or traumatized .
During the time I spent researching my book Licensed to Kill , I
realized there were thousands of stories waiting to be heard about
excessive force being used on civilians in the name of " security " .
Not surprisingly , many victims look to a militia to seek some revenge
for the transgression in the form of an ambush or IED .
Security companies are reviled ; the Iraqis that work for these
companies have to cover their faces because they know militias or
their neighbors will kill them and or their families .
Military commanders understand that a non-state actor on the
battlefield is a wild card -- whether death squad , militia or security
company .
Iraqis know that the undermanned military must rely on
contractors to deliver 16 flavors of ice cream , frozen lobster and
bullets to the war effort .
The normally timid State Dept , known more for issuing warnings and
shutting down embassies when things get rough , has decided that its
people must travel the mean streets of Baghdad rather than give in to
intimidation .
Security contractors are literally the grease that makes
our forward - leaning foreign policy in Iraq work .
So when Prince pretends like he is defending the US -- justifying
violent acts by categorizing it as fighting bad guys -- he does it with
the support of the State Department , though to the direct detriment of
the Iraqi civilians those actions terrify and kill .
When Prince testified that his people " acted appropriately at all
times , " it made me wonder how many killings he investigated from
the Iraqi viewpoint .
He has a blind spot towards the damage he causes
if he thinks that firing a contractor who just murdered someone
somehow fixes the problem .
" Window or Aisle " instead of " guilty
or not guilty " does not enforce any accountability
It is no coincidence that BW has been involved in shootouts with the
Iraqi police .
They too have seen the destructive force Blackwater has
been authorized to unleash on their citizens .
It is no coincidence that BW has been involved in shootouts with the Iraqi police .
They too have seen the destructive force Blackwater hasbeen authorized to unleash on their citizens .
When Prince rattles off the various legal umbrellas he operates under ,
he conveniently ignores that none of his hired guns have been brought
up on any charges for anything - despite clear incidents of
malfeasance .
Blackwater itself faces no ill consequence for deploying
unstable men into the war zone .
" Anytime a contractor is abroad , he can be brought up on
charges , " is the equivalent of saying speeding is illegal while
cars whip by at 80 mph without a cop in sight .
Blackwater is the personification of war as a business , violence as a
service , and chaos as a product .
Prince recognized the lack of
sufficient available US troops and provided a privatized solution .
He
cannot be faulted for that .
Any corporate master would take the position , like Prince did in front
of Congress Tuesday , that his people are perfect , his conduct
perfect .
Exposed deceit or corruption at most companies would lead to its own
downfall .
If it 's a monster like Enron , it could conceivably flutter
Wall Street for a few days .
But the conduct of companies like Blackwater directly impacts US
strategic interests .
The obvious polarization of politicians addressing Prince during the
hearing indicates that Republicans are willing to bless the use of
lethal force by a private individual against the people they are
trying to pacify , while Democrats have yet to quite capture what it is
about the industry that makes people so nervous .
I say again : Go to Iraq .
Talk to the people .
Drive in an unmarked
car .
When an armed convoy pushes you off the road with guns
drawn , you 'll understand the naked fear that Blackwater sells .
AMP Section Name : War & Disaster Profiteering
On December 16th , 1773 , American colonists dumped tea into the Boston Harbor to protest an oppressive tax .
This December 16th , American citizens will dump millions of dollars into the Ron Paul presidential campaign to protest the oppressive and unconstitutional inflation tax - which has enabled a flawed foreign policy , a costly war and the sacrificing of our liberties here at home .
Please join us this December 16th 2007 for the largest one - day political donation event in history .
Our goal is to bring together 100,000 people to donate $ 100 each , creating a one day donation total of $ 10,000,000 .
What 's so amazing here is that $ 10 million is actually a realistic goal .
If you had suggested such a thing were possible only a year ago , you 'd be fitted for a straightjacket and tinfoil hat .
But now , in light of the Guy Fawkes success and the pitch - perfect use of the Boston Tea Party , I would put money on the Paulites not just reaching , but actually exceeding , that goal .
Put the Paul campaign in a test tube and study it .
There are lessons here for insurgent netroots campaigns at all levels ( not just Presidential ) .
A $ 10 million one day take ( which is nearly a third of Obama and Hillary 's total fundraising in a single quarter ) , is perhaps the most remarkable online feat ever engineered in campaign history .
NEW YORK ( Money Magazine ) -- When Elisabeth and Tom Merrill decided to sell their home in Wenatchee , Wash . ( pop. 107,000 ) , they braced themselves for a long slog .
The couple and their four kids were bursting out of their 2,400 - square - foot house , but they had read about the nation 's slow - as - sludge real estate market and expected the worst .
But their house sold in 10 hours for $ 387,000 , 80 % more than they paid six years ago .
" I was thrilled , " says Elisabeth .
" I ca n't believe how fast it happened . "
While housing prices increased only 3.2 % nationally in the year ended June 2007 , according to the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight ( OFHEO ) , a government regulator , prices in Wenatchee shot up 24 % , partly because a recent influx of retirees boosted demand for housing .
Wenatchee is not the only hot spot bucking the national trend .
Markets in the Pacific Northwest , Utah and Colorado still boast annual appreciation rates of 10 % - plus , along with a scattering of bright spots in the South and even in the East and the Midwest .
How to account for these exceptions ?
For the most part , the iron laws of supply and demand explain what 's going on , with the added element of wild and crazy speculation .
If you understand how such factors are playing out in these red - hot markets , you 'll be better able to anticipate changes , and develop smart housing strategies , right at home .
It 's the Demand , Stupid
The basics have n't changed .
Job growth and rising incomes boost demand for , and prices of , housing .
Take Grand Junction , Colo. ( pop. 140,000 ) .
The area is home to one of the country 's richest natural gas fields , and local energy companies have recruited new employees , ballooning the city 's work force by 26 % since 2002 to about 63,000 .
The median price of a house in Grand Junction soared 65 % in the past five years and 14.3 % in the past year .
" Along with previous price gains , job growth is by far the most significant variable in forecasting growth , " says Robert Shiller , co-founder of a home - price research company and professor of economics at Yale .
Whether Grand Junction will be able to sustain that steep growth curve depends on whether jobs keep increasing and people come to take them .
" If you do n't have strong population growth , it 's likely that the market wo n't appreciate in the long term , " says Celia Chen , director of housing economics for Moody 's Economy.com .
Case in point : Denver , only a mountain range away .
The number of jobs has grown by only 7.8 % in the past five years , holding house prices to a tepid 13 % rise over the same period .
Supply Side
If it 's not demand pushing prices up , it 's got to be you - know - what .
One city where housing is tight : Portland , Ore. , which has passed some of the most stringent growth restrictions in the country .
The government limits new housing outside a 400 - square - mile perimeter to encourage denser development in urban areas .
Land costs have skyrocketed and developers have been slow to add housing .
So despite the slide in national house prices , in Portland they appreciated by about 8 % in the past year .
Portland 's policies have been partly responsible for price run-ups in outlying towns like Longview , Wash . ( pop. 35,000 ) , says Glenn Crellin , director of the Washington Center for Real Estate Research .
Once a sleepy town , Longview , an hour 's drive from Portland , draws home buyers looking for lower prices .
( The median price of a house there is $ 183,000 , but $ 298,000 in Portland . )
Prices shot up in Longview by 13.6 % in the past year .
With tight supply and high demand , prices could have a tailwind indefinitely .
A trio of economists , Joe Gyourko , Christopher Mayer and Todd Sinai , have argued that persistent growth in cities they dub " superstars " ( for example , New York City and San Francisco ) is fueled by a limited supply of housing and by a concentration of high - income families who are willing to pay top dollar to live there .
True , both cities have hit bumps in the road in the past , and prices over the past year in the New York metro area rose by only 2.7 % while in San Francisco they sank by about 1 % .
But , Gyourko says , " over the long term they will outstrip the national average . "
The Madness of Crowds
Rampant speculation can also keep home prices burning .
The frenzy starts , naturally enough , when economic growth increases housing prices and property owners profit big when they sell .
More people buy houses or condos , by the dozen , figuring that they 'll earn a bunch of quick bucks instead of just one .
Real estate developers , seeing others profit , get in on the act by building thousands more homes .
Eventually , speculators are merely selling to one another at ever more inflated prices .
And when the last to buy or build can no longer flip those houses , prices plummet .
That 's what happened in Miami and other South Florida towns where investors ran out of buyers who could afford to pay .
At the height of the bubble , prices in Miami were rising by 3 % to 4 % a month .
Now only about 10 % of homes in Miami are affordable for residents earning the area 's median income , according to the Housing Opportunity index , published by the National Association of Home Builders and Wells Fargo .
( The index assumes that homeowners can spend about 28 % of their income on housing . )
Bubble burstings occurred in other cities too .
" Las Vegas saw tremendous appreciation during the boom , " says Andrew Leventis , a senior economist with OFHEO .
" Prices just got ahead of themselves . "
Affordability dropped to just 16 % by mid-2006 and home values tanked , declining by 6 % , according to Zillow.com , an online real estate appraisal service .
Housing in one hot market , San Antonio , where prices rose 10 % in the past year and 40 % in the past five years , is still fairly affordable .
But it may soon go the way of Miami and Las Vegas .
Between 25 % and 29 % of loans in the city in 2006 were for second homes or investments , according to Freddie Mac .
" It suggests instability in the market , " says Robert Shiller .
" Prices could drop significantly . "
What It All Means
You 're not going to pick up and move to Wenatchee , Wash .
just to get into its housing market .
But today 's hot markets can tell you a great deal about the value of your own housing investment .
If the economy 's okay , your market will be too ...
You need n't worry about house prices collapsing if local industries are doing well .
By merely reading the business section of the local paper , you get a sense of the economic climate .
Announcements that companies are expanding or building new factories , or conversely , moving operations to Uttar Pradesh , can tell you where house prices are headed .
For example , a headline in the Beaumont Enterprise last year proclaimed that the Beaumont , Texas area was " poised for economic progress . "
The expanding petrochemical industry was looking to recruit 18,000 new employees .
And in the year ended June 2007 , the average price of a house in Beaumont / Port Arthur rose by 10.6 % .
... as long as speculators are n't dumping properties .
If they are , your local market could be headed for a bubble pop .
Signs that investors are rife ?
FOR RENT signs lining the streets and no cars in the driveways at night .
If you 're buying a new home , make sure the developer restricts investors from buying up too much of the inventory .
Hot pockets exist even in chilly markets .
Even apr�s- bubble , prices in some neighborhoods will be on the upswing .
For example , in the Boston metropolitan area , home values dipped 4 % in the past year , according to Zillow.com .
But in Newbury ( pop. 7,000 ) , another Boston suburb , where the median value of a home is $ 491,000 , prices appreciated 8 % .
Typically , such trend - upsetting enclaves are lukewarm neighborhoods that have n't seen the rocketing prices of " hot " markets down the road , says Stan Humphries , vice president of data and analytics for Zillow.com .
" As some neighborhoods become radically more expensive , prices push buyers to the formerly less attractive places and put upward pressure on prices . "
The laws of economics still apply .
Cycles happen .
Five years ago it looked like fat year - to - year gains in home prices would continue forever .
That assumption came crashing down earlier this year when a Standard & Poor 's report showed that home prices in the first quarter had fallen for the first time in 16 years .
That too will end .
But since housing generally has a 10 - year price cycle , you should n't rely on prices rising much for the next decade .
If you 've owned a house for a while , you do n't have to worry .
The gains you 've enjoyed in recent years are huge compared with recent price downturns .
Even if the median price of a single - family home in Miami , now $ 393,000 , falls by 20 % , the price on that house would still be about $ 20,000 higher than it was at the end of 2004 .
" With all the sound and fury associated with the recent downturn , in the places with the most dramatic price declines , they 've only erased a few quarters of appreciation , " says OFHEO 's Leventis .
" Long term , prices still tend to go up . "
As electronics designers cram more and more components onto each chip , current technologies for making random - access memory ( RAM ) are running out of room .
European researchers have a strong position in a new technology known as resistive RAM ( RRAM ) that could soon be replacing flash RAM in USB drives and other portable gadgets .
On the ‘ semiconductor road map ’ setting out the future of the microchip industry , current memory technologies are nearing the end of the road .
Future computers and electronic gadgets will need memory chips that are smaller , faster and cheaper than those of today –and that means going back to basics .
Today ’s random - access memory ( RAM ) falls mainly into three classes : static RAM ( SRAM ) , dynamic RAM ( DRAM ) , and flash memory .
Each has its advantages and drawbacks ; flash , for instance , is the only one to retain data when the power is switched off , but is slower .
According to Professor Paul Heremans of the University of Leuven in Belgium , circuit designers looking for the best performance often have to combine several memory types on the same chip .
This adds complexity and cost .
A more serious issue is scalability .
As designers pack more components onto each chip , the width of the smallest features is shrinking , from 130 nanometers ( nm ) in 2000 to 45 nm today .
Existing memory technologies are good for several more generations , Heremans says , but are unlikely to make the transition to 22 nm ( scheduled for 2011 ) or 16 nm ( 2018 ) .
So we need new memory technologies that can be made smaller than those of today , as well as preferably being faster , power saving and non-volatile .
The runners in the global memory technology race form a veritable alphabet soup of acronyms including MRAM , RRAM , FeRAM , Z - RAM , SONOS , and nano - RAM .
advertisement
No universal solution
Early in 2004 , Heremans became the coordinator of an EU - supported project that included two of Europe ’s biggest semiconductor manufacturers : STMicroelectronics of Italy and Philips of the Netherlands .
Heremans ’ own institution , IMEC , is a leading independent research centre in microelectronics and nanotechnology .
The Polish Academy of Sciences was the fourth partner in the project .
The Nosce Memorias ( Latin for ‘ Know your memories ’ ) project started out to develop a universal memory that was fast , non-volatile , and flexible enough to replace several existing types .
It had to be compatible with CMOS , the current standard chip manufacturing technology , and scalable for several generations below 45 nm .
As the research progressed it became clear that a universal memory would require too many compromises , notes Heremans .
Instead , the team targeted a non-volatile memory that would have better performance and scalability than current flash technology .
Flash memory , used for USB ‘ key - ring ’ drives and digital cameras , can store data for years using transistors to retain electric charge .
The technology can be scaled down for several more generations , Heremans says , but sooner or later it will reach a limit .
Flash memory is also slow to read and needs high voltages to operate .
advertisement
Exploring resistive memory
The hopes of Nosce Memorias rested on a technology known as resistive RAM ( RRAM ) .
Instead of storing information in transistors ( flash memory ) or capacitors ( DRAM ) , RRAM relies on the ability to alter the electrical resistance of certain materials by applying an external voltage or current .
RRAM is non-volatile , and its simple structure is ideal for future generations of CMOS chips .
The project looked at three types of RRAM .
The first , known as a ferroelectric Schottky diode , was abandoned when the researchers realised they were unlikely to be able to create starting materials with the required properties .
The second technology studied was a metal - organic charge - transfer material called CuTCNQ .
Although CuTCNQ has been known for around 20 years , its precise mode of operation was unclear , Heremans says .
The team learned a lot about how this material works , developed new ways of preparing it , and succeeded in creating the smallest organic memory cells ever made , at 100 nm across .
Lastly , the team looked at RRAM based on organic semiconductors .
Because this work did not start until halfway through the project , the results did not reach the same level as those for CuTCNQ , but significant progress was made .
EMMA carries on
When Nosce Memorias ended in March 2007 , plenty of work remained to be done to create a workable RRAM .
The challenge was taken up by EMMA ( Emerging Materials for Mass - storage Architectures ) , another EU - supported project that runs until September 2009 .
Like Nosce Memorias , EMMA is coordinated by IMEC and has STMicroelectronics as a member , though the other partners are different .
EMMA is working on the CuTCNQ developed by Nosce Memorias , as well as on metal oxides .
For CuTCNQ , Heremans explains , the goals are to make the material more durable through better control of the switching mechanism , now that this is understood .
Extended working life is also important for the polymer semiconductors pioneered by Nosce Memorias .
Low - cost polymer memory could be important in RFID tags ( also called ORFID ) for the remote identification of goods , equipment and people .
CHICAGO , Nov. 25 — If this were any other city , perhaps it would not matter what kind of roadway was underfoot in the back alleys around town .
But with nearly 2,000 miles of small service streets bisecting blocks from the North Side to the South Side , Chicago is the alley capital of America .
In its alleys , city officials say , it has the paved equivalent of five midsize airports .
Part of the landscape since the city began , the alleys , mostly home to garbage bins and garages , make for cleaner and less congested main streets .
But Chicago ’s distinction is not without disadvantages : Imagine having a duplicate set of streets , in miniature , to maintain that are prone to flooding and to dumping runoff into a strained sewer system .
What is an old , alley - laden city to do ?
Chicago has decided to retrofit its alleys with environmentally sustainable road - building materials under its Green Alley initiative , something experts say is among the most ambitious public street makeover plans in the country .
In a larger sense , the city is rethinking the way it paves things .
In a green alley , water is allowed to penetrate the soil through the pavement itself , which consists of the relatively new but little - used technology of permeable concrete or porous asphalt .
Then the water , filtered through stone beds under the permeable surface layer , recharges the underground water table instead of ending up as polluted runoff in rivers and streams .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
In his conquistador age , King Philip II believed that the silver of Mexico and the gold of Peru would make the greatness of Spain .
In this he relied , no doubt , on the wisest economic counselors of his day .
In our similar age , Vice President Dick Cheney , holding similar views of oil and similar military advantage , has no similar excuse .
The merchants of Rotterdam knew that industry and commerce , not empire , are ultimately decisive .
And China ’s bid for the American oil company Unocal confirms that they were right .
As it happens , there is no Unocal pipeline through Afghanistan .
But suppose there had been ?
How easily our strategic asset could have become the property of the People ’s Republic , painfully built and painlessly acquired .
Not that it would have mattered much .
For the source of China ’s rising power — its ability to buy petroleum and grain as well as to make cash bids for American corporations — does not lie in the companies it controls but in the goods stacked high in the ports of Shanghai and Hong Kong .
So long as we buy what they sell , this can and will endure .
Meanwhile , American soldiers bleed for Cheney ’s philippics .
China today is attacked from opposite ends of our political spectrum : reviled on the left for low wages and outsourcing ; feared on the right for rising military power .
Occasionally , the two sides swap arguments .
In a recent paper , Scott Lilly of the Center for American Progress warned that “ China ’s geo-political ambitions …are clearly less benign than proponents of unbridled U.S. - Chinese trade would want us to believe . ”
Meanwhile , former Reagan Treasury official Paul Craig Roberts writes that “ the rise of Asia is coming at the expense of the American worker . ”
Let me offer a different view .
China is far too clever to confront American power directly .
Like Europe and Japan 50 years ago , China realizes that the clear path to prosperity lies in allowing us to provide global security at our expense .
And our leaders have foolishly accepted this burden .
It ’s this choice , and not low - wage competition , that ’s leading to our failure to create the new industries and jobs American workers need .
China remains poor , but China is not Haiti , nor even the squalid sweatshops of Saipan , beloved of Tom DeLay .
Its cities are not slums .
Yes , when measured in dollars , Chinese wages are low .
But factory wages are higher than other wages , and the jobs they offer are desirable .
Security fences do surround the country ’s special economic zones at places like Zhuhai , near Macau .
But they face outward .
They exist so guards can check the IDs of those who wish to enter ; there ’s no control on those who might wish to leave .
The cost of living in China is unbelievably low , and apart from housing , it appears to be falling .
A worker in Beijing ( where female factory workers must retire at 50 ) re- ceives a full pension of $ 100 per month .
But she pays just $ 10 to lease her ( rent - controlled ) three - room courtyard home in the old district .
In Shanghai ’s Xiangyang market , surplus Tommy Hilfiger , YSL , Boss , and Gucci goods flood the stalls ; vendors take what they can get .
A silk polo shirt , listed at $ 90 , sells for less than $ 10 ; cotton for half that .
At a good restaurant near Fudan University a dinner of fresh fish , clams , mussels , shrimp , vegetables , soup , and beer costs $ 40 — for 10 .
And that ’s fancy dining .
Ordinary workers eat noodles and dumplings , tofu , soup , and rice for pennies .
How does this system work ?
Manufacturers there aim for the American market , selling to us at Wal - Mart prices .
That ’s where profit is made .
They treat their factories as a fixed cost , produce at capacity , and battle for market share .
What ca n’t be exported is dumped — on the home population .
The result is a glut economy .
There are no empty storefronts in China .
Few of the innumerable outlets lining every road can possibly turn an actual profit .
But with low and falling prices on goods , the city folk are richer than they ever imagined they could be .
Indeed , China ’s big problem is the gap between its booming cities and southern coast , and its depressed northeast and backward countryside .
The gap spawns a formidable migration — estimated at more than 100 million people — flooding the cities with peasantry whose dark and lined faces bespeak a harder life .
Coping with this — by lifting the tax burden on farmers ( a recent move ) and by extending social security to the countryside ( at least one pilot project is under way ) — is China ’s toughest challenge .
Compared to all this , to Chinese the raging question of the value of the renminbi ( the “ people ’s currency , ” whose unit is the yuan ) seems pretty contrived .
Until July 21 , China pegged the RMB to the dollar , neutralizing exchange - rate pressures by buying up the dollars with which foreigners flood the country .
This “ intense manipulation ” — as Lilly called it — helped to assure that Chinese export prices will remain low and stable .
That ’s good for trade and investment , though bad for the speculators who have the ear of Treasury Secretary John Snow and many others .
The Chinese have since moved to a tightly managed float , relieving political pressure with little practical damage .
A big revaluation would have caused enormous trouble , killing their export profits .
If factories closed and production fell , that could drive up internal prices , end the glut system , and provoke a furious popular reaction .
Tiananmen was not the idealistic student uprising seen on television in the West , but , largely , a Beijing citizens ’ revolt against inflation .
Compared to that risk , the currency peg and export - led growth are proven successes — why not hold on to them as long as possible ?
That ’s evidently the view of Chinese leaders , and it would be yours , in their position .
The idea of a currency fix for American problems is also an illusion .
The gap in money wages is far too large ; revaluation would not bring back a single lost job .
If we want better jobs at home , we have no choice but to create them — in high technology , in public services , and in infrastructure investment , where the Chinese cannot take them away .
We were doing this just five years ago .
So why are n’t we doing it now ?
In part , because Cheney and his minions insist on missile defense and on pouring blood and treasure into Iraq .
Not because of China .
Meanwhile , is China a developing military threat ?
In a recent cover article in the Atlantic Monthly entitled “ How We Would Fight China , ” Robert D. Kaplan explored the fantasies of American strategists .
He suggested , among other things , that some bright egg in Beijing might send a diesel submarine against an American carrier group .
“ The Chinese will approach us asymmetrically , ” the editors helpfully highlighted , “ as terrorists do . ”
One can imagine a Beijing analyst ’s reaction to this , as it must seem , plainly planted bit of paranoia .
Is someone in the U.S. government planning to blow up one of our own ships , perhaps with a small atomic bomb , and blame that on China ?
If you ’re looking for things to worry about late at night , it ’s no less implausible a thought than Kaplan’s .
The idea that China is a nuclear threat to America is just silly .
China has some 20 weapons capable of striking the United States ; it would need thousands to destroy our retaliatory force .
Its whole arsenal — maybe 300 weapons — is a barely adequate deterrent to the threat , long in the back of Chinese minds , that the United States might strike first at China .
The fact that we bombed their Belgrade embassy in 1999 ( “ an accident , ” we said , but no Chinese I know believes that ) and the spy - plane incident of 2001 ( our plane on their frontier ) give plenty of ammunition for this fear .
Are we right to be concerned about China at all ?
Yes : Political liberties and the environment are vital problems .
The economy and the People ’s Liberation Army are not .
The world ’s real economic crises are elsewhere : in Africa and Latin America , where free - market capitalism is failing , and here at home , where our strange new militarism threatens us with the fate of the Spanish empire .
NaNoWriMo ( National Novel Writing Month ) is almost upon us .
On November 1st , brave souls everywhere will embark on a month long endeavor to write a story of at least 50,000 words .
We 've gathered 30 + tools to help those folks who want to try their hand at it .
Collaborative Writing
Coventi.com -
A site offering several different packages , with the cheapest being free for the personal user .
Google Docs -
Part of the Google suite of products , which enables you to invite others to work with you on a document .
Glypho.com -
Put down the basic idea of your story , get a plot and character suggestions .
Novlet.com - Collaborative writing where you write just a couple of paragraphs at a time .
Portrayl.com -
A site that lets you write one chapter at a time , and when done , release it as a PDF .
You can also allow others to write a chapter if you want .
SynchroEdit.com - A browser - based editor that allows multiple users to edit the same document at the same .
Will indicate who 's doing with with colors .
WideWORD.net - Create a secure document online and then pick who can look at it and participate .
Writeboard.com - A collaborative writing system by the folks at 37 Signals .
Writewith.com - Upload your documents and work with others on it together online .
Zoho Writer - A free online word processor from Zoho .
Dictionaries & Thesauruses
Alternative Dictionaries - Sometimes we all need to bend the rules some , and this site gives you definitions of various slang words .
Cambridge Dictionaries - Multiple dictionaries and references from Cambridge press .
Dictionary.com - Based on the Roget 's Dictionary .
Also gives you quick access to thesaurus.com .
Dictionary.hm -
An AJAX powered dictionary that pops up the definitions as you type .
Merriam - Webster.com -
The online version of the well known print dictionary .
The American Heritage Dictionary - Over 90,000 words , a full print version of a dictionary put online .
UrbanDictionary.com - Multiple slang definitions of just about every word you may encounter in every day conversation .
Word.sc -
A user - edited dictionary that lets you vote on definitions and upload photos of the word .
YourDictionary.com - Gives you the definition and suggest idioms .
Grammar & Tips
Bartleby.com -
A collection of books in the public domain , broken down by category .
Has a large election of books on language usage .
EnglishForums.com - Stumped by a tricky grammar moment ?
Join these forums to get advice from others who love the language .
Guide to Grammar & Writing - Gives tips on grammar from the word level up to essay paper length .
WordNet - Simple in appearance , WordNet is a huge lexicon of the language .
World Wide Words -
Articles on word usage , turns of phrase , weird words , and more .
Plotting & Writing Tips
BlockbusterPlots.com -
Get numerous free tips on how to construct a sensible plot for any story .
Character Questionnaires - Every good author will tell you that you need to know your characters before you write .
This will help you interview them .
Freytag 's Pyramid - From ReadWriteThink , it explains the concept of " Freytag 's Pyramid " which is the basis of how any plot should be structured .
The " Basic " Plots in Literature - Describes the theories behind all of the known basic plots , and the schools of thought for each list .
Tips for plotting for every type of character - A lengthy list of stupid archetype characteristics for just about every type of character .
Word Processors
ajaxWrite - An AJAX based online word processor that runs in Firefox .
Looks like Microsoft Word so you have a familiar interface .
Nevercode Docs -
A downloadable word processor that allows you to store your documents online so they are accessible anywhere .
ThinkFree.com - Looks almost exactly like Microsoft Office and offers 1GB of free online storage .
SAN FRANCISCO , California ( CNN ) --
A wall that separated the public from the San Francisco Zoo 's tigers is nearly 6 feet lower than initially reported -- and nearly 4 feet lower than industry standards -- the zoo 's director said Thursday .
The killed teen 's father , Carlos Sousa , told CNN on Thursday that the zoo should do more to protect visitors .
A 300 - pound Siberian tiger apparently jumped that wall Tuesday , zoo director Manuel Mollinedo said , attacking and killing a 17 - year - old boy and injuring two other young men , brothers who were visiting the zoo with the teenager .
" I think the tiger could have grabbed onto something , maybe a ledge , " Mollinedo said .
" She had to jump .
How she was able to jump so high is amazing to me , but she 's an exotic animal . "
Mollinedo also said the dry moat between the wall and the tiger exhibit is 33 feet , not 20 feet as originally reported .
The wall , he said , is 12 and a half feet , not 18 feet .
The exhibit was built in 1940 , he said .
Accreditation inspectors who visited three years ago " never noted that as a deficiency , " Mollinedo said .
" Obviously , now that something has happened , we 're going to revisit that . "
Meanwhile , police say they have no information suggesting the teenager who was mauled to death dangled his leg over a railing which surrounded the animal 's exhibit .
Watch dad call safety measures insufficient »
Investigators are analyzing a shoe print on the railing , San Francisco Police Chief Heather Fong said Thursday .
The investigation is looking into the possibility that the tiger escaped by latching on to a leg or other body part of one of the victims to get out of its enclosure , the San Francisco Chronicle reported .
" We are analyzing the shoe print and we have no information to tell us at this point that they did or did not go over the rail , " said Fong .
The zoo will remain closed Friday .
Mollinedo said the Lion House , which houses the zoo 's big cats , will remain closed and the animals would be " kept in cages in back of the exhibits at the Lion House " for the time being .
" When we open the zoo , the zoo will be safe , " he said .
The female tiger named Tatiana killed Carlos Sousa , 17 , of San Jose , California , just outside the animal 's den , said Fong .
Watch more on clues from the deadly attack »
One of two brothers were also outside the den .
One was attacked there while the other brother ran about 300 yards toward a cafe at the zoo , knowing that there were likely people there , Fong said .
The incident began shortly after 5 p.m. and most of the zoo 's patrons had left .
The tiger followed the brother running toward the cafe and attacked him there .
Police arrived at the cafe and shouted at the animal to distract it .
But Tatiana began attacking again , and authorities shot and killed it .
The brothers survived and are recovering at a San Francisco hospital .
Doctors are focusing on ensuring that the patients do n't develop infections .
The pair will be on antibiotics for some time , a physician said .
Authorities carried out multiple searches to ensure there were no other victims in the zoo , Fong said .
On Thursday , Mollinedo ruled out the possibility that the tiger escaped through a building in the rear of its exhibit .
Along with detectives and zoo staff , he inspected the building in back of the exhibit and other rear exits the tiger might have taken to get out .
The animal keeper was also questioned , Mollinedo said .
" Every lock was in place , " he said .
" There was no way that tiger could have escaped through the building .
The tiger must have escaped through the front location of her exhibit . "
Mollinedo was asked Wednesday about an incident last year , in which Tatiana chewed flesh off a keeper 's arm during a public feeding demonstration .
He said that Tatiana " was acting like a normal tiger " at the time , and that the zoo modified procedures to increase safety .
In that incident , California 's Division of Occupational Safety and Health determined the zoo was at fault because of hazardous conditions in the Lion House and lack of specialized safety training for employees .
The zoo made changes that the state safety division ordered .
The Lion House was closed for more than six months after the incident .
Carlos Sousa 's father , also named Carlos Sousa , criticized the zoo 's safety Thursday .
" They did n't do enough for the public , because I think the zoo should be protective on both sides , protective for the people and protective for the animals , " he said .
Read about other escapes and attacks by captive animals
The teen 's mother Marilza Sousa told CNN on Thursday that Christmas would never be the same for the family .
" This is supposed to be the day for giving , not to take .
And he was taken away from me , " she said holding back tears .
Watch legal analyst say a suit by victim 's family is likely »
The head of the Association of Zoos and Aquariums said this was the first - ever visitor fatality due to an animal escape at a zoo accredited by the association .
Jim Maddy issued a statement expressing " sympathy to the family of the guest that lost his life , and our deepest hope that the two injured guests will recover . "
Maddy called the San Francisco Zoo " great . "
" Until this incident , there had not been a visitor fatality resulting from an animal escape at an AZA - accredited zoo .
" AZA mandatory accreditation standards require safety and emergency protocols that go beyond federal , state or local requirements .
Regular safety training and annual emergency drills are required by these mandatory accreditation standards , " he said .
He said association rules " require that the San Francisco Zoo provide a thorough report to its independent accreditation commission , which will review it and determine any actions that need to be taken .
We will not speculate on what action might be taken until the facts are fully reviewed . "
Sousa 's sister Beatrice told CNN Wednesday night that the family has not received information about the investigation .
" There 's a lot of pain .
You know , no words for it .
It 's just too much , " she said .
" Our family is very , very hurt . "
Ron Magill of Florida 's Miami Metro Zoo told CNN that the Siberian tiger is " the most powerful cat on the face of this planet . "
Four - year - old Tatiana was born at the Denver Zoo and came to San Francisco in 2005 .
Along with Siberian tigers , an endangered species , the zoo has rarer and smaller Sumatran tigers .
E-mail to a friend
All About Zoos and Aquariums • Endangered Species
Photo : Jerry Spagnoli
Deep in the wilds of Chelsea , there is a door .
The door has a screen , and the jet - black eye of a promoter behind that screen , peeping out to gauge your social viability .
Are you a model ?
Or a billionaire ?
It will be hard to get in otherwise .
Around midnight , the most beautiful young models in the city arrive , squired in quickly , their backs with shoulder blades like arrows disappearing inside .
Door , as the nightclub is creatively called , popped up late this summer .
No one is supposed to know it ’s there .
It is where moguls go : After the Yahoo board meeting , Jerry Yang and David Filo came by .
Another night in the fall , Sergey Brin and Larry Page were there .
Supermarket billionaire Ron Burkle , Virgin head Richard Branson , and Steve Bing , the down - to - earth Democratic donor who inherited nearly a billion dollars from his real - estate - magnate grandfather , the developer of some of the most beautiful Art Deco buildings on Park Avenue and the West Village .
Advance men for President Clinton .
Few other guys can get in , except for a couple of model wranglers , those handsome , usually South American guys who round up models at their apartments and herd them to nightclubs .
Promoter Danny A. , a friend of Ron Burkle ’s , runs this place — he even got to go on a trip to Israel with President Clinton .
The wranglers are the only people in here not having fun :
One hand on a mojito , they are nervous as they text madly on the phone to more girls , more girls , more girls .
For the rest of the city , the door is closed .
A few handsome bankers wait on the sidewalk outside the club for a half - hour , scraping their shoes .
“ I guess I ’m a zero - value - added person in this equation , ” says one , stepping away , disappointed .
At the very pinnacle of the New York social scene these days is the billionaire , once a reclusive character who secretively moved world markets from his castle on the hill but now is more likely to be dining at a booth next to you .
They ’re everywhere :
This year , for the first time , everyone on the Forbes 400 list was a billionaire , up from thirteen billionaires in the early eighties .
One can imagine them , swathed in Pyrex , looking down from their apartments in new designer buildings at our tenement buildings and bobbing umbrellas , as though the world outside were some vast boho terrarium .
Now that it seems you need a million dollars just to stay alive , the cultural imagination has been captured by a billion .
“ I ’ve met six billionaires ! ” crowed a friend of mine , counting them on his hands , and then correcting himself — “ Seven ! ”
Our mayor , of course , is a billionaire five times over , with seven homes , a few worth $ 10 million , and a Florida estate he bought for his daughter to strengthen her equestrian training .
Over brunch on a recent Sunday , my girlfriends and I chatted about their Saturday night out — this one talked to one of the Dells ; that one sat next to Stewart Rahr , the pharmaceutical mogul and owner of the most expensive home in the Hamptons ; and everyone saw Ian Schrager .
“ He ’s not a billionaire ! ” huffed one of my friends , outraged at our ignorance .
To be a billionaire is to be radically free .
You are your own galaxy .
You make your own rules , hang out with the former president , send tourists to space .
Billionaire investor Jeffrey Epstein , who lives in the largest dwelling in Manhattan , a 51,000 - square - foot palace on 71st Street — though his business , naturally , is located on a 70 - acre private island in the Virgin Islands — was humiliated this summer when his lifestyle was made public .
Epstein was known to be a womanizer :
He usually travels with three women , who are “ strictly not of our class , darling , ” says a friend .
They serve his guests dinner on his private 727 , and are also there for touching .
But it seems that he was also interested in younger women :
Over the past few years , a then - 17 - year - old Olive Garden waitress , Haley Robson , brought at least five high - school girls between the ages of 14 and 16 over to Epstein ’s house in Palm Beach to “ massage ” him , which meant watching him masturbate and even allegedly having sex .
Epstein ’s defense seems to be that he did n’t know the girls were minors , and that he is “ very passionate about massage , ” as one of his lawyers says .
Those who know Epstein say he ’s unfazed by his travails .
“ He ’s totally open about his life :
His life is about making money and living an erotic life , and his escape is n’t alcohol or drugs — it ’s sex , ” says a friend .
“ I was talking to him the other day , and he said to me that he was doing well and working steadily — between massages . ”
In books , the billionaire has become a symbol of ultimate power and freedom — they ’re Gatsbys , yes , but they own the light at the end of the dock .
In Michael Tolkin ’s The Return of the Player , the player tries to make a fortune working for a $ 750,000,000 man ( a pauper ) and the billionaire who pulls his strings .
The billionaire tells the player : “ You do n’t know what a few extra decimal places taste like .
There are wines — my God , you do n’t know what they do for you — from vineyards that stopped selling to the public about forty popes ago …
The provenance of this [ Rembrandt ] is without blemish , and the painting has never been publicly catalogued , like a lot of the most amazing pieces in the world , and I paid for it using the interest of the interest of the interest .
A hundred and twenty - five million dollars .
I had more money an hour after I signed the check than I did when I bought it . ”
But art falls short when describing the lives of billionaires .
Steve Wynn is free enough to afford to buy a Picasso , even when his eyesight is famously challenged , and to rip a hole in that Picasso with his elbow while distractedly showing the painting before he closed the deal with hedge - fund billionaire Steve Cohen to buy it for $ 139 million , which would have been the highest price ever paid for a work of art .
Convinced that the elbow gaffe was fate , Wynn decided to keep the picture — what ’s $ 139 million , after all , to a man like him ?
A billionaire has the wherewithal to match his moral vanity :
While the rest of us struggle to keep our heads above water , billionaires are saving the world .
There ’s Branson ’s pledge to invest the next ten years of profit from his Virgin Group ’s airline and train businesses in renewable - energy initiatives , worth $ 3 billion .
Bing , along with Burkle and others , has pledged $ 1 billion to do the same .
In June , Warren Buffett , the thrifty bridge player with the five - bedroom house in Nebraska , donated $ 31 billion to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation for education and global development .
Buffett plans to give away 70 percent of his fortune .
“ If I wanted to , ” he has said , “ I could hire 10,000 people to do nothing but paint my picture every day for the rest of my life .
And the gross national product would go up . ”
But “ there ’s no reason future generations of Buffetts should command society just because they came from the right womb .
Where ’s the justice in that ? ”
Billionaires can seem to have a power to conceal their actions that the Greek goddess Athena would have understood — and they are as susceptible as any mortal to believing their own mythology .
But this can lead to problems when their power is questioned , as possibly happened to this year ’s chattering - class billionaire , Ron Burkle , the mysterious 53 - year - old who made his fortune in the very non-mysterious business of investing in supermarkets .
Burkle — who also works with President Clinton — is a fixture at the Mercer Hotel , where he prefers to have breakfast and meetings when he ’s in town , instead of in his office at Clinton ’s headquarters in Harlem .
He has a pied - à - terre under renovation in New York — which he splits with Leonardo DiCaprio — but is looking for something nicer .
He offered $ 17 million in cash to the owner of Sky Studios , the city ’s preeminent bachelor pad , with rooftop pool , on lower Broadway , several times , but the owner , himself a rich man , wo n’t take anything under $ 17.2 million .
They go back and forth about it — pennies between stubborn men .
A large part of Burkle ’s life is spent doing business for unions — hence the script on his 757 private plane , “ 770 BB , ” or Box Boy Local 770 , the union he was in when he started as a bag boy .
He has given generously to the Urban League , Harlem Children ’s Zone , and UCLA , among others .
Some portion of the other half of his life is spent being glamorous .
He ’s invested in Scoop , the fancy boutique chain , and has anonymously underwritten model enthusiasms , like his $ 200,000 contribution to Petra Nemcova ’s charity benefit for tsunami victims .
His stunning home in Los Angeles , Green Acres , is the most exceptional charity - event space in the city — $ 100 million has been raised there in the past year , with $ 1 million at a recent Clinton event .
This fall , when the California governor asked his help , he flew the Dalai Lama from New York and back .
“ I could hire 10,000 people to do nothing but paint my picture every day for the rest of my life , ” said Buffett .
“ And the gross national product would go up . ”
It ’s difficult to live in the public eye while keeping full control of your image , even for a billionaire , as Burkle found when he made the acquaintance of a “ Page Six ” writer of questionable wardrobe and integrity named Jared Paul Stern .
Burkle caught Stern on tape allegedly trying to shake him down — but possibly in this case the cure was worse than the disease , with Burkle , by many accounts an ordinary guy who does his own laundry , suddenly as famous as Brad Pitt .
To defend his zone of privacy , Burkle has put together a fearsome , cloak - and - daggerish security apparatus , including crisis manager Mike Sitrick ( who was brought in to quiet things down when hedge - fund manager Bruce McMahan was accused of conducting an affair with his own daughter ) and Frank Renzi ( who was in President Clinton ’s Secret Service detail ) .
His wife — who petitioned for alimony of $ 410,000 per month but eventually received $ 40,000 — provided a sobering view of the end of billionaire romance : “ My husband is enormously wealthy , a billionaire , has his own 757 jet , and literally could track me down anywhere in the world , ” she testified .
“ He is used to exerting control over all the people he comes into contact with , including myself …
He can not stand losing — anything ! ”
It may not always be this way with billionaires .
The new crop of Internet billionaires seem to have learned from the example of their forerunners and are determined to live life differently in the “ Gooveau Riche ” era .
Sergey Brin and Larry Page guard their privacy so closely that little is known about where they live other than it ’s in Palo Alto , and the most impressive cars they own are Priuses .
When Brin and Page met with the Stanford grad students who started YouTube to negotiate the deal earlier this week , it was for lunch at a Denny’s .
They do , however , own their own Boeing 767 jet , which includes two bedrooms and hammocks hung from the common - room ceiling .
Hammocks may not be the style of billionaire Roustam Tariko , the Russian banking and vodka tycoon , but he has a similarly freewheeling approach to life .
Tariko had one of the city ’s most incredible parties at the foot of the Statue of Liberty , to toast his new brand of vodka .
Over a thousand people , dressed in their finest bling , gathered there to eat borscht and caviar under the lit statue .
I remember Tariko running around , slightly flushed in a pressed suit with a crisp white collar , greeting everyone from Helena Christensen to Donna Karan as Duran Duran played their old hits onstage .
More recently , it was rumored he ’d bought Picasso ’s Dora Maar With Cat for $ 95 million .
Tariko told Lillian Ross that he had done nothing of the sort .
“ Not me , ” he said .
“ Art dealers from all over the world are now asking me to buy Picassos , other Impressionists .
I prefer Renaissance , Caravaggio .
But I do not buy them .
I ’d rather invest in my freedom , rather than in my walls . ”
Small and Fabulous : Modular Living as It Should Be
USB cables wont carry high - definition video data without DRM checks , should the USB Implementers Forum go through with its plans .
EETimes reports that the forum is developing a variant of USB that includes HDCP content - control technology .
This is usually seen in the HDMI connections typically used to hook TV sets up to set - top boxes , DVD players and game consoles .
If it prevails , it can hardly call it the Unversal Serial Bus anymore , could it ?
Perhaps they can rename it the Universal Studios Bus .
Anyway , it 's that old joke about how speakers would one day have internet connections to check to see if you 're allowed to listen to your own music , except that it 's for real .
Nothing will stop it because nothing will stop us buying the worthless , crippled junk that shall be built with it .
USB , Kleer plug into digital TVs [ EETimes ]
Olga Kurylenko is the Sexy New Bond Girl ( Photos and Video )
" In the secretive world of movie spy James Bond , the " Bond girl " for the new installment in the movie series had been top secret , but on Monday Bond 's backers said Ukrainian bombshell Olga Kurylenko is the actress .
Columbia Pictures , the film studio behind the popular movies about the British secret agent , said the 28 year - old Kurylenko has been cast in one of the most coveted roles in the movies -- 007 's sidekick for the still untitled Bond flick . "
Despite reports over the past few weeks that unknown Brit actresshad been chosen as the new Bond Girl , Columbia Pictures has issued a statement saying Ukrainian actesssis their girl .
Although Arterton will be appearing in Bond 22 ( rumors are the title will be ) , it will not be as the Bond Girl .
She plays M16 Agent Fields
We have lots of sexy Olga Kurylenko photos and video below .
Your Hawaii Luxury Property Specialist
Welcome to HawaiiHomesBroker.com - your ultimate Hawaii real estate guide designed to provide you the best property search for all houses , condos and land for sale in Oahu , Hawaii .
It is the only site you will ever need to find and purchase your dream home in beautiful Hawaii !
Sign up for a free account today to save your property searches and get daily email alerts of new listings , price changes , sold data , and insider market reports .
My Interactive Map Search allows you to view all available properties on a map or refine your property search by drawing the boundaries around the area you desire .
Curious about what ’s happening in your neighborhood ?
You can create a custom market report to see what ’s active , under contract , and sold in your neighborhood .
The U.S. government , in a bid to save money and provide better service to the estimated 4 million Americans receiving Social Security benefits that do n’t have a bank account , is planning on issuing them a prepaid debit card , in place of the current practice of sending out paper checks .
This new debit card is touted to be identical in function to existing bank debit cards ; usable at almost all ATMs and stores , requires a PIN number to use for security , and is connected to an account that the government can automatically deposit Social Security and SSI benefits into .
IT ’S A BANK ACCOUNT !
The government is going to set up ‘ accounts ’ for all those that do n’t already have bank accounts in this country , tied to a debit card .
They then plan to deposit the monthly SSI benefits into these ‘ accounts ’ to make them available for use .
If it walks like a duck , and quacks like a duck , and floats like a duck , obviously it ’s a witch , but that ’s just me .
The Good
This will allow users to not have to worry about SSI checks being stolen , or having to have a separate bank account to deposit said checks .
It will be a savings for the government too , as the cost per transaction for the debit cards is around $.04 vs. around $.40 for check - based government systems .
It will prevent check forgery and promote a better security via a PIN based system .
And , of Course , the Bad
Where to start ?
Fees , fees , and more fees .
" Cardholders will get one free ATM cash withdrawal per deposit per month , but Comerica will charge 90 cents for each additional withdrawal .
Like other debit - card holders , users may also face surcharges at many ATMs .
Other fees include $ 3 for international ATM withdrawals , 3 % on international currency exchanges , 50 cents for each online bill payment and 75 cents per month for paper statements . "
There will be fees to withdraw cash , fees to merchants to process these payments , not to mention having to have the machinery available to process them .
And the recipients do n’t even get interest on their money sitting in the government ’s ‘ account ’ .
The interest / float belongs to the government .
My take ?
Just bite the bullet , join the 20th century , and go get a bank account .
It ’s no worse than the system the government is going to be putting in place , and you get a few benefits ( like accruing interest , and free ATM usage at your bank ’s outlets , free bill pay , etc. ) .
What do you think of the proposed Social Security Debit Card ??
Leave us a comment .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
The always excellent Laura Miller , Salon book critic ( who has edited me in the past ) , offers a refreshingly brief and lovely review of Maya Angelou ’s endorsement of Clinton and Toni Morrison ’s of Obama .
Miller ( on Angelou on Clinton ) :
… a string of campaign - trail clichés : “ She is in this race for the long haul .
She intends to make a difference in our country .
Hillary Clinton intends to help our country to be what it can become . ”
Possibly Angelou means this pablum as a crypto- postmodern witticism , in which Clinton ’s implied promise to deliver a known quantity to the White House is mirrored by slogans so standardized they seem to have been extruded from the machines that make the plastic toys for McDonald ’s Happy Meals .
But what do you think are the odds against that ?
Miller ( on Morrison on Obama ) :
Morrison lauds Obama for his “ creative imagination which coupled with brilliance equals wisdom , ” then goes on to observe that “ it is too bad if we associate it only with gray hair and old age .
Or if we call searing vision naiveté .
Or if we believe cunning is insight .
Or if we settle for finessing cures tailored for each ravaged tree in the forest while ignoring the poisonous landscape that feeds and surrounds it . ”
This is a classic Morrisonian metaphorical progression .
It sounds great — sonorous and rich with lofty concepts and moral authority .
Each sentence technically makes sense .
Yet somehow , by the time you get to the end , things have gotten out of focus .
What exactly is she talking about ?
Ah , book nerds .
Where would you be without us ?
専門性につい て
「 専門性」というのは重要な要素です。 しかし、その「専門性」というのは意思次第で途中変更が可能なのではないかと思います。
世の中にいる 「 専門家 」 の「専門性」は、いつ身につけたものなのでしょうか？
例えば、大学の4年間でたまたま所属していた学部や研究室で得た「専門性」が基礎になっているかも知れません。
または、最初に入った会社での最初の3年間に得た知識が「専門性」の基礎になっているのかも知れません。
その後の「経験」による「専門性の深さ」というのは最初に習得した「専門性の基礎」に対する肉付けである気がします。
そう考えると、2年ぐらい本気で取り組めば全く異なる分野に対する「専門性」は習得できるのではないかと思われます。
例えば、0の状態からどこかの大学院に入学して2年間苦労すれば、その分野の「専門性」に対する基礎は身に付くと思います。
例えば、全く違う業界に転職したとしても、2年ぐらい頑張れば、その業界での基礎は身に付くと思われます。
趣味でやっていた事だとしても、2年3年4年と続けていれば下手なプロよりも詳しくなっているかも知れません。
最初の取っ掛かりが出来てしまえば、その後の「専門性の肉付け」は時間が解決していってくれるのではないでしょうか。
「 専門性を増やす」事が出来れば、新しい発見もできるのかも知れません。
今まで全く交流が無かった二つの分野に対する「専門性」を持った人間は、貴重な存在になれるのかも知れません。
両方の分野に足を突っ込んでいないと解らない視点というものもあります。
「 視点を持つ」というのは非常に重要です。
例えば、特許というのは一番最初に問題点に気が付いた人に対して申請するチャンスが与えられる制度であると思います。
( 人によっては特許制度というもの自体への賛否はあるとは思いますが。。。)
「 専門性の深さ」を持つことは、人生のサバイバルという意味では王道である気がします。
しかし、 「 専門性を増やす 」 「専門性を変更する」という手段も選択肢としてはアリなのではないでしょうか。
今の「専門性」に疑問を持っている場合には、他の「専門性」習得を目指してみれば自分にマッチした「専門性」が発見できるのかも知れません。
逆に、他のものを学ぶ過程で、自分が本来やっていた事が自分に最もマッチした専門性であると気が付くのかも知れません。
ここ数年 、「専門性」というものに対する授かり効果が自分の中で発生していたと思い始めた今日この頃でした。
最近のエント リ
過去記事
過去記事一覧
Wal - Mart Test Markets Biblical Action Figures Posted by Pile ( 12600 views ) [ E - Mail link ]
Wal - Mart plans to test - market biblical action figures in U.S. stores as a " faith - based " alternative to toys tied to commercial movies , video games and TV .
The toys -- ranging from a talking 12 - inch Jesus doll to 3 - inch figurines depicting Moses and the Ten Plagues of Egypt -- will be available in about 425 of Wal - Mart 's 3,376 stores in 21 states , starting in mid-August .
Locusts , fire , and brimstone sold separately .
Toymaker One2believe , of Valencia , Calif . -- which developed the Tales of Glory products with Wal - Mart -- said on its
Web site the six - month test - run represented " a huge opportunity " for Christians to show they were " truly concerned about the toys that our children play with . "
The company , whose founder , David Socha , is Roman Catholic , called on Christians to show they wanted " more God-honoring options available " in children 's toys .
Posted by Anon on 2007-07-18 07:10:51 Ohh .
Ca n't wait for the Job action figure with real exploding pustules .
Oh , what a bad idea
Posted by realpyrateking on 2007-07 - 18 09:41:36
So , they 're Christians and are presumbly concerned by what , exactly ?
Violence in toys ?
Look at the steroid - monkey dolls above and re-evaluate that reason ...
And why do Christians always cite the Old Testament , and bring Old Testament characters into things ?
Does it make it easier to get around the very clear beliefs and commands of Christ , by falling back on the ignorant violence espoused in the OT ?
Posted by oy on 2007-07 - 18 10:05:49 Moses , with patented double stick - tapping action .
Posted by Pile on 2007-07-19 10:46:42
I can't wait for Lott 's special - incest- action activity set .
FALSE
Posted by blue on 2007-07- 20 17:36:32
The toys where presented to the buyers and where considered ( weeks going back and fourth ) but they where not bought and will not be sent to stores .
Sing it
Posted by wizeGurl on 2007 - 07 - 31 12:04:49 from an inspired friend --
Jesus man !
Jesus man !
Does whatever a saviour can !
Changes water -- into wine .
Saves yours soul -- he 's devine .
Look out -- here comes the Jesus man !
Posted by Johnny Sane on 2007-08-15 13:29:49
Oh yea , because the Old Testament is a much better alternative than GI Joe .
I mean , it 's not like the OT has human & animal sacrifices , or incest , or horrific plagues , or people being stoned to death , or racial warfare , or genocides ...
Oh , wait .
Seriously , religion is fine and all , but Samson is not a more family - friendly toy than , say , Lego sets .
Why not just be honest and say , " Hey , we think these would make cool action figures . "
You could even make Rambo Jesus , it'd be great .
Name : ( change name for anonymous posting ) Title : Comments : 1 Article displayed .
I am revising the ebook , , which was published here in the year 2000 .
I will revise , correct , simplify , and add to that edition .
Watch for revisions on the what 's new page .
Do you have a question about this ebook or feedback ?
Send email to john@december.com with the subject line simple - book .
Have you found this ebook useful ?
Please share a link to it through your favorite social network :
By Gary Duffy
BBC News , Sao Paulo
There can be few prouder homeowners in Sao Paulo than Estevao Silva da Conceicao , who has spent more than two decades building a house that has become his lifelong passion .
The elaborate exterior sets the mood for the fantastical interior
Enlarge Image
The " Casa de Pedra " - the House of Stone - is one of the most unusual places in the city , and is to be found in the heart of the shanty town of Paraisopolis .
It is a magical place of archways peppered with stones , and walls covered with every kind of imaginable object from plates , cups , and statues , to typewriters and mobile phones .
It was built in a space of just 75 square metres ( 807 sq ft ) and is eight metres ( 26 ft ) high .
Inside , a warren of stairways and tiny corridors lead to a roof garden at the top of the house which has an impressive view of the favela that is home to more than 70,000 people .
What seems most striking is that a man who had never heard of the Catalan architect Antoni Gaudi has built something so similar to his style .
The facade at the front has often been compared to features in the world - famous Parc Guell in Barcelona .
LABOUR OF LOVE
In pictures : Estevao 's home
Estevao , 50 , simply set out to build a house where he could live , and which later became a home for his wife and two children .
It was only seven years ago when a passing architecture student spotted the house that he became aware of the connection between his work and that of Gaudi .
Estevao has since travelled to Spain , to see Gaudi 's work himself , and his home in Paraisopolis has become an attraction in its own right .
Earlier this year , the interior of the house featured on the front of the Brazilian edition of Vogue 's home style magazine .
Still working
The project began in the simplest of ways .
" I planted a rose tree and it got very big , and I built the structure of the house in a way that would allow the tree to grow ...
I replaced it with other trees , and I never stopped planting and building .
Estevao was amazed when he finally got the opportunity to travel to Spain .
" When I arrived in the Parc Guell , it 's then that I thought that the work was very similar to my house .
And I thought , wow , how could I have built something so like his work without ever seeing it . "
Gaudi 's designs shattered architecture conventions of the age
Estevao's wife , Edilene , says she is very proud of her husband .
" I think the house is very beautiful and different and the children love it , " she says , adding that she does not mind all the visitors who drop by .
Estevao did all the work on his own , and after 22 years he says he still has a lot to do .
His ideas have evolved over the years and the design often changes .
" When I first built the house using wood , people used to say it looked like an indigenous or Indian house .
Then I started to change , and the structure is made with iron . "
Spontaneous
Paraisopolis is a favela that sits right in the heart of the wealthy district of Morumbi in Sao Paulo .
It is an area that has seen some improvements recently , but over the years it has had its fair share of violence , and life has often been a struggle .
Estevao says his house is important for the community
" It 's very important for the people in the community who appreciate art ; for the ones who understand and like art , and we have visitors from many countries . "
Using basic everyday material , sometimes retrieved from the rubbish , this kind of project is sometimes call " spontaneous architecture " .
It involves a visionary project , carried out without following any rules , by someone with no formal training .
Estevao started to work in the fields of his home state of Bahia , in north - east Brazil , when he was just 10 years old , before moving to Sao Paulo when he was 19 to work as a builder 's assistant and then a gardener .
In a country where the millions of people build their own homes , Estevao has created a unique project in a completely unexpected place .
Arsenal have been drawn against Milan in the Champions League , while Liverpool play Internazionale and Celtic meet Barcelona .
Liverpool pitted against Inter and Celtic tackle Barcelona
Arsenal have been drawn against holders Milan in the second round of the UEFA Champions League , while Liverpool must play Serie A leaders Internazionale .
Celtic also face a daunting tie after being paired with Barcelona in the last 16 .
Manchester United will tackle Lyon , who denied Rangers a spot in the knockout stage .
Chelsea appear to have the kindest draw of the British sides after being pitted against Greek outfit Olympiakos .
Elsewhere , Real Madrid take on Roma , Sevilla meet Fenerbahce , and Schalke play Porto .
Ties to be played on 19th / 20th February and 4th / 5th March .
Celtic v Barcelona Lyon v Manchester United Schalke v Porto Liverpool v Internazionale Roma v Real Madrid Arsenal v Milan Olympiakos v Chelsea Fenerbahce v Sevilla
The United States needs to shift from muscle - flexing to alliance - building when it seeks to wield power in the world if it wants to patch up its battered global image , a new American report concludes .
" America 's reputation , standing and influence are at all - time lows , and possibly sinking further , " the report by a 20 - member think - tank commissioned by the Centre for Strategic and International Studies ( CSIS ) said , citing half a dozen opinion polls from around the world .
" The terrorist attacks on 9/11 caused America to become a frightened and angry nation , " it said .
" We reacted in ways that alarmed people the world over ... we relied excessively on hard military power to fight the war against terrorists and violent extremists .
" Ultimately this is a battle that will be won by ideas , not bullets .
Just like the Cold War , we will prevail when the world chooses the opportunities we defend over the despair offered by our enemies . "
The report , which was more than a year in the making , said the United States has focused too much on the ' war on terror ' and relied too heavily on military might in its foreign policy .
" The Pentagon is the best - trained and best - resourced arm of the Federal Government ... it tends to fill every void .
" The United States must become a smarter power by investing once again in the global good - providing things that people and governments in all quarters of the world want but cannot attain in the absence of American leadership . "
It called on the next US president to chart a new course towards a " smarter " foreign policy that balances hard power - " wielding carrots and sticks to get what you want " - and soft power - " the ability to attract people to our side without coercion . "
By shifting its foreign policy focus from the war on terror to championing the global good , the United States will not only defeat terrorism but will also restore its greatness , the report said .
The commission included former military commander in Iraq Anthony Zinni ; ex-US ambassador to the United Nations , Russia and Israel Thomas Pickering ; former Supreme Court justice Sandra Day O'Connor ; members of Congress ; business leaders ; and the heads of non-profit organisations .
- AFP
The poorest fifth of Alabama families , with incomes under $ 13,000 , pay state and local taxes that take almost 11 cents out of each dollar .
The richest 1 percent , who make $ 229,000 or more , pay less than 4 cents out of each dollar they earn , according to Citizens for Tax Justice , an advocacy group whose numbers are generally considered trustworthy even by many of its opponents .
Image Prof. Susan Pace Hamill says 18 states , especially Alabama , seriously violate biblical principles in the way they tax and spend .
Credit ... Gary Tramontina for The New York Times
Professor Hamill said what first drew her to the issue of fiscal policy and biblical principles was learning that Alabama timber companies , which own more than two - thirds of the land in the state , pay an annual property tax of only about 75 cents an acre .
“ The Bible commands that the law promote justice because human beings are not good enough to promote justice individually on their own , ” she said .
“ To assume that voluntary charity will raise enough revenues to meet this standard is to deny the sin of greed . ”
Richard Teather , who teaches tax at Bournemouth University in Britain and has written on the moral dimensions of tax evasion , said that governments have publicly raised the issue of morals and taxes .
“ The tax authorities say you have a moral duty to pay your taxes , but you cannot look at that in isolation , ” Mr. Teather said .
“ Over here in Britain we have a lot of tax breaks for the very wealthy , which are not generally available to most people , and quite high level taxes for the middle and upper - middle classes , so this does n’t look like a moral system . ”
Professor Hamill , by her reading of the New Testament , concludes that at least a mildly progressive tax system is required so that the rich make some sacrifice for the poor .
She cites the statement by Jesus that “ unto whomsoever much is given , of him shall be much required , and to whom men have committed much , of him they will ask the more . ”
Some of her critics , however , say that the tithes described in the Old Testament show that a flat tax , in which everyone pays the same share of their income to government , should be seen as the biblical standard .
Australian police warn of full - scale riot over Bush visit Agence France - Presse
Published : Wednesday September 5 , 2007
Print This Email This Want to get the news the media buries ?
Get the Raw headlines feed .
SYDNEY ( AFP ) -
The largest protest so far during US President George W. Bush 's visit to Sydney ended peacefully Wednesday , but police predicted a " full - scale riot " later in the week .
About 300 students , many still in their high school uniforms , marched through central Sydney chanting anti-war slogans in protest at the US leader 's presence in Australia for this week 's Asia - Pacific summit .
Police allowed the colourful rally , featuring a group of scantily - clad models and a pantomime horse , to march through a section of the city well away from where Bush was meeting with Prime Minister John Howard .
But authorities successfully appealed in the courts for a curb on the main protest action planned for Saturday , which police estimate could attract up to 20,000 demonstrators .
Chief superintendent Steven Cullen , head of the state Public Order and Riot Squad , said he had never been so worried about a demonstration in his career , predicting " horrendous " implications for public safety .
" Police lines will come under attack and a full - scale riot is probable , " Cullen told the Supreme Court .
The Stop Bush Coalition protest group agreed to change the route of the march so it did not pass the US consulate in the centre of the city 's financial district .
The court also ordered the protesters to stay away from a 2.8 metre ( nine foot ) high steel and concrete fence that snakes five kilometres ( three miles ) around the city centre , creating an exclusion zone for the visiting dignitaries .
Cullen told the court he had " absolutely no doubt " minority protest groups would attempt to violently disrupt the march and people would be hurt if there was a crush near the fence or they were pushed into glass - fronted buildings .
While police fear a repeat of the violence at last year 's G20 meeting in Melbourne , activists have labelled the unpredented security lockdown over much of Sydney as an attack on their right to peaceful protest .
" Protest is not violent , war is violent , " student Rainee Lyleson told Wednesday 's rally .
" We will not be intimidated . "
Students dodged truancy officers and ignored police warnings to stay in their classrooms to attend the rally , organised by the left - wing group Resistance .
There was no sign of protest earlier when Bush held a joint press conference with Australian Prime Minister John Howard at a hotel in the centre of the exclusion zone .
Police searched the bags of pedestrians passing the venue , as helicopters buzzed overhead and officers with binoculars scanned the streets from rooftops .
Many of the city 's usually bustling streets were almost deserted amid the security operation involving 5,000 police and troops , with just a few onlookers hoping to catch a glimpse of the US leader through the security fence .
Some retailers , particularly high - end fashion and jewellery stores , were closed -- with signs in their windows saying they would reopen after APEC .
Pavement garbage bins were sealed off with plastic covers while private security guards stood on duty outside office towers .
Some city centre businesses have reported a 50 percent fall in takings , although bicycle courier Rangi Smith said he had not been too badly affected .
" I can get around pretty easy on the bike but it's the pedestrians I 'm worried about , " he said , gesturing to onlookers near the security fence .
" They look like they 're in a cage -- it 's like they 're imprisoned in their own city . "
The following video report ran on NBC News .
For decades , doctors have used pacemakers to regulate the heart .
Now they 're implanting similar devices into the brain .
Thousands of patients with the most serious cases of Parkinson 's disease and epilepsy have received the devices since they obtained approval in 1997 from the Food and Drug Administration .
Hundreds more are slated to take part in clinical trials to see if the pacemakers ' electrical impulses can control chronic pain , depression and even obesity .
In America , over 1.2 million people suffering from depression have found that traditional medications do n't work for them , say makers of the device .
About 250,000 epileptics are in the same situation , as are nearly 100,000 sufferers of Parkinson 's disease .
So far , early results are positive .
Dr. Rajesh Pahwa , an associate professor of neurology at University of Kansas Medical Center , has implanted hundreds of the devices , finding that 80 percent of his pacemakered patients with Parkinson 's showed significant improvement – with a 40 percent reduction in need for medication and a 40 to 50 percent reduction of symptoms .
Before receiving her pacemakers , Carole Carey , a 48 - year - old retired teacher in Leavenworth , Kansas , was " tremoring all of the time " because of her advanced - staged Parkinson's .
Driving a car – even cutting up her own food – had become impossible for Carey .
" We called it the jackhammer , because one side would be going up and down so bad , " she said .
Medicines designed to reduce the tremors would send her into dyskinesia – uncontrolled twitching – and into bouts of hyperactivity .
Surgeons implanted two pager - sized battery packs near her collarbone and wires into her brain 's subthalamic nucleus .
Electrical pulses from these devices have quieted her tremors enough to allow her to cut her medical intake in half , and to start driving and eating on her own again .
These electricity - based treatments work because " all brain activity is basically electrical chattering between cells , " said Dr. Rodolfo Llinas , chairman of the physiology and neuroscience department at the New York University School of Medicine .
Diseases such as Parkinson's , epilepsy , obsessive - compulsive disorder ( OCD ) and depression all occur when particular cell groups start " talking " too slowly , developing a sluggish , sleep - like rhythm .
This drowsy conversation sets off a chain reaction , which can lead to tremors , seizures or depressive episodes , depending upon what part of the brain is affected .
" Parkinson's , depression , OCD , tinnitus ( loud , incessant ringing in the ears ) , central pain – they 're all the same disease .
The difference is their brain location , not the mechanism , " Llinas said .
By emitting electrical impulses into the brain – a process known as Deep Brain Stimulation ( DBS ) – the pacemakers , such as the ones implanted into Carole Carey , are supposed to interrupt these cellular yawn - fests , waking up the cells and minimizing the episodic frequency of seizures or other symptoms that afflict the wearer .
The pacemaker device sends electrical impulses through one of the brain 's 10 billion neurons , triggering the release of chemicals , among them serotonin and dopamine , that in turn " convince " neighboring cells to send out new electrical impulses to other neurons .
DBS is currently approved in the U.S. only for controlling the tremors caused by Parkinson 's and " essential tremor , " a common , unidentifiable ( yet benign ) tremor exacerbated by stress , anxiety or the use of stimulants such as caffeine .
But trials to investigate the effects of the pacemaker implants on all of the symptoms of Parkinson 's and on chronic pain are currently underway at the University of Kansas , the Cleveland Clinic and elsewhere .
At Brown University , studies of the effects of DBS on OCD are slated to begin later this year .
Around the same time , surgeons at Cornell University will begin to use the pacemaker to try to revive people in minimally conscious states .
When implanting the DBS device , researchers must be painstakingly precise – a few millimeters off can make a huge difference .
A misplaced electrode in the treatment for Parkinson's , say , can induce depression .
And these 5 - to - 10 - hour surgeries must be done while the patient is awake – and unmedicated .
" I could feel them putting the wires in my brain , " Carey said .
" It 's like a long hair going down your throat . "
According to Pahwa , Carey 's neurologist , these devices are implanted incorrectly about 20 percent of the time , necessitating repeat surgery .
Another 10 percent of the time , the hardware fails .
There 's also about a 3 percent risk of bleeding in the brain , which in very rare circumstances can cause a stroke or a coma .
For these reasons and others , Llinas says he 's against electrode implantation .
Another model of pacemaker attempts to sidestep these complications by implanting the wires into the vagus nerve – one of the brain 's major pathways to and from the upper torso , which is located around the neck , near the brain stem .
Known as Vagus Nerve Stimulation ( VNS ) , this procedure has been approved domestically for the treatment of epileptic seizures .
Researchers at 20 labs across the country are now investigating the effects of VNS on people with long - term , medication - resistant depression .
The last of 235 subjects was implanted with the device last month .
( The procedure has already been approved for such purposes in Europe and Canada . )
The effects of VNS on other conditions are being examined , too .
For example , since many scientists believe the vagus nerve passes along information from the stomach – to indicate to the brain when the stomach is full – researchers at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York are looking into VNS as a treatment for obesity .
But the precise mechanics behind why VNS works are still largely a mystery .
" We 're only guessing at what the chemical basis for this might be , " said Dr. Mitchel Kling , a psychiatry professor at the University of Maryland School of Medicine , where a trail for VNS use against depression is taking place .
In contrast , Llinas said , much more is known about chemical therapies .
Drugs like dopamine are " incredibly precise " because they only interact with the cells that have receptors for the chemical .
So while brain pacemakers are promising , Llinas feels they should " only be a choice as a last resort . "
But for people like Carey , sometimes a last resort is all that 's left .
" This was my last hope .
I was getting pretty desperate by then , " she said .
" And I figured , if they 're opening my head up and they slip , well , it 's OK . "
Click to viewIs that a gigabyte in your pocket ?
And are you putting it to good use ?
The explosion of USB thumb drives gives anyone the ability to take some serious file storage space along with their house keys .
Advertisement
Developers and road warriors have come up with all sorts of innovative techniques for putting these tiny , roomy disks to good use .
Step into my office for a list of our top 10 favorite thumb drive tricks .
Advertisement
1 . Boot a separate operating system
2. Encrypt your drive
Advertisement
3 . Make a portable MP3 player
Advertisement
4. Speed up or lock down Vista
Advertisement
5 . Never forget it
Advertisement
6. Quick launch your workspace
Advertisement
7. Assemble a PC repair kit
Advertisement
8. Put on the DemocraKey " computer condom "
Advertisement
9 . Sync your data
Advertisement
10 . Assign custom icons
What 's your favorite thumb drive hack ?
Tell us about it in the comments .
Cannabis is the most commonly used illegal drug
The Canadian government research found 20 times as much ammonia , a chemical linked to cancer , New Scientist said .
The Health Canada team also found five times as much hydrogen cyanide and nitrogen oxides , which are linked to heart and lung damage respectively .
But tobacco smoke contained more of a toxin linked to infertility .
Experts said users must be aware of the risks .
About a quarter of the population in the UK smokes tobacco products , while a sixth of 15 to 34 - year - olds have tried cannabis in the past year , making it the most commonly used drug .
The confirmation of the presence of known carcinogens and other chemicals implicated is important information for public health
David Moir , lead researcher
Previous research has shown cannabis smoke is more harmful to lungs than tobacco as it is inhaled more deeply and held in the lungs for a longer period .
However , it has also been acknowledged that the average tobacco user smokes more than a cannabis user .
Researchers from Health Canada , the government 's health research department , used a smoking machine to analyse the composition of the inhaled smoke for nearly 20 harmful chemicals .
They also looked at the sidestream smoke , given off from the burning tip of the product and responsible for 85 % of the smoked inhaled through passive smoking .
Concentrations
In most cases , the comparison on sidestream smoke broadly mirrored that of inhaled smoke .
However , in the case of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons , the toxin linked to infertility , the researchers found concentrations were actually higher in cigarette smoke .
The study also showed little difference in the concentrations of a range of chemicals , including chromium , nickel , arsenic and selenium .
Lead researcher David Moir said : " The consumption of marijuana through smoking remains a reality and among the young seems to be increasing .
" The confirmation of the presence of known carcinogens and other chemical is important information for public health . "
Dr Richard Russell , a specialist at the Windsor Chest Clinic , said : " The health impact of cannabis is often over - looked amid the legal debate .
" Evidence shows it is multiplied when it is cannabis compared to tobacco .
" Tobacco from manufacturers has been enhanced and cleaned whereas cannabis is relatively unprocessed and therefore is a much dirtier product .
" These findings do not surprise me .
The toxins from cannabis smoke cause lung inflammation , lung damage and cancer . "
Stephen Spiro , of the British Lung Foundation , added the findings were " a great worry " .
Cindy Sheehan launches campaign to unseat Pelosi Opens San Francisco campaign headquarters
Congressional candidate Cindy Sheehan greets supporters
during the opening of her campaign offices in San Francisco yesterday .
Photo by Luke Thomas By Robert B. Livingston Republished with permission , Independent Media Center December 9 , 2007 Virtually ignored by the establishment media , the famous antiwar activist Cindy Sheehan officially kicked off her campaign to unseat Speaker Nancy Pelosi with the opening of her campaign headquarters yesterday in San Francisco .
The date of her headquarters opening coincided with the date John Lennon was assassinated in New York 27 years ago .
Lennon 's widow , Yoko Ono , hoped his passing would be remembered by people everywhere imagining a world of Peace and Love .
Former Board President Matt Gonzalez , former Union Local 10 Secretary - Treasurer Clarence Thomas and former mayoral candidate Ahimsa Sumchai attended the campaign kickoff event .
Matt Gonzalez
Photo by Cindy Marcopulos , special to Fog City Journal
Clarence Thomas
Photo by Cindy Marcopulos , special to Fog City Journal
Ahimsa Porter Sumchai
Photo by Cindy Marcopulos , special to Fog City Journal Except for a short broadcast by Don Knapp of local television station KPIX Channel 5 , Sheehan 's official opening of her new campaign headquarters in San Francisco yesterday was virtually ignored by the establishment media .
There was no coverage in the San Francisco Chronicle .
If one searches " Cindy Sheehan " from Google 's news page and glances over the search offerings , one might even get the impression that Sheehan has given up her activism .
But it is n't so .
Far from it .
Especially since yesterday afternoon when many friends and supporters met Sheehan and her surviving children ( her son , Casey , was killed in Iraq ) at 1260 Mission Street in San Francisco .
There , Sheehan addressed the issues that spurred her to directly challenge California District 8 Congressional incumbent Nancy Pelosi , considered by many as the third most powerful person in America behind President George W. Bush and Vice President Richard Cheney .
Pelosi has famously vowed to " keep impeachment off the table , " and has disappointed most of her constituents and many people around the nation for not helping bring an end to America 's occupation of Iraq .
The Washington Post reported yesterday that under Pelosi's " leadership , " Democrats will have , for the third opportunity since taking control of Congress , failed to force Bush to change course in Iraq .
On Monday , they plan to give Bush a half - trillion - dollar spending package to include billions of dollars for the war in Iraq without timelines for the withdrawal of combat forces .
During a speech a the office opening event , Sheehan expressed her contempt for such measures which suggest Democrats are colluding with the Bush administration and not presenting a true opposition that reflects the will of the people -- particularly in San Francisco where Sheehan is now running as an independent .
She also expressed her desire to implement healthy changes which will begin by bringing American troops home from a war that is universally known today as having been founded on lies and deception .
District 8 congressional candidate Cindy Sheehan
Sheehan is joined by SFBulldog publisher h. Brown , Mesha Monge - Irizarry
and campaign workhorse Patrick Monk .
Mike Gravel campaign volunteer Dawn Adams with Ron Paul supporter , Starchild
Imagine
Permalink #### EMAIL THIS STORY | PRINT THIS STORY
Celebrities are people just like us .
They eat just like us , they sleep just like us and they put their $ 700 jeans on one leg at a time just like us .
So , it should come as no surprise that some of them start batshit insane blogs like some non-famous people do , too .
7 Rosie O'Donnell - " R Blog "
If You Must Read It
You can find it HERE .
Rosie O'Donnell 's " R Blog " serves as a chronicle of her waning sanity .
This is evident in the borderline incoherent writing style that she employs when discussing any and everything .
For example , have a guess at what she 's talking about in this post ...
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
" as the lines all blur
together
into the brightest yellow
i saw a light
they say
those who went and came back
follow it
if u can "
Ok , time 's up .
Did you say " Oprah ? " Congratulations !
You 're goddamned crazy also !
As an outspoken lefty , her blog is surprisingly light on the Bush bashing .
But , when she does decide to copy and paste something someone else said about Bush into one of her posts , the fire and passion displayed when she occasionally adds a sentence of her own at the end is truly inspiring .
Such as when she pasted this bit from the Washington Post , then declared to America , " we r lost . "
The rest of the entries provide a disturbing look into the mind of a former comedian ( and we can't stress the " former " part enough ) with way too much time on her hands now that her gig on The View has reached its merciful conclusion .
Among the various nonsensical posts are several videos of a squirrel Rosie has decided is named Shady who , for your enjoyment , performs several acts of animal cuteness such as eating , staring and walking around .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED !?!?!
Keep in mind , Rosie is a married mother of four adopted kids .
That she still fits in time to always be looking out the same window , camera at the ready , waiting for a fucking squirrel to show up so she can post a video of it on her blog suggests that the early stages of Jack Nicholson in The Shining - style cabin fever may have already set in .
No work and all play makes Rosie a very crazy broad .
Words of Wisdom :
" today
out in the bay
there r no words
really
80 % say conspiracy re jfk
hmmmm
gonna get a ? of the day button
this will b fun
maybe a graph
pie chart
something
dolphins
a nudge
from above
4 me "
The doctor denies acting improperly over the baby deaths
Consultant neonatologist Michael Munro , 41 , gave 23 times the normal dose of a muscle relaxant at Aberdeen Maternity Hospital , medical watchdogs were told .
The General Medical Council ( GMC ) fitness to practise panel heard the doctor failed to record his actions .
Dr Munro denies his conduct was below standard , dishonest or inappropriate .
Dr Munro was working in the neonatal unit of Aberdeen Maternity Hospital on 5 December , 2005 , when a child - known only as Baby X - was born more than three months premature .
The panel heard that the child suffered a brain haemorrhage and the decision was taken to withdraw treatment after its condition worsened .
Dr Munro does not accept it was inappropriate , contrary to guidelines or below the standard expected of a medical practitioner
Andrew Long
GMC counsel
On 20 December , the baby 's breathing tube was removed and doctors began a course of morphine to ease the child 's suffering .
As Baby X became weak it began to struggle to breathe .
A normal consequence of treatment withdrawal , the condition is known as agonal gasping .
Dr Munro told Baby X's parents he could give the child a drug but " it was on the verge of what society finds acceptable " , the hearing was told .
He then injected the child with 2,000 mg of the drug which , he admits , hastened the death of Baby X .
' Death inevitable '
Colleagues raised doubts about the treatment and an investigation was launched into the doctor 's actions .
Despite telling investigators he had never before administered Pancuronium , the inquiry discovered he had injected a second child with the muscle relaxant six months earlier .
The babies died at Aberdeen Maternity Hospital in 2005
Outlining the case for the GMC , Andrew Long said : " Dr Munro administered a muscle relaxant drug called Pancuronium to both babies which stopped them breathing and hastened their death .
" These primary facts are admitted and indeed Dr Munro admits his conduct was outside accepted professional practice .
" But Dr Munro does not accept it was inappropriate , contrary to guidelines or below the standard expected of a medical practitioner .
" The GMC assert it was all of these things and tantamount to a form of euthanasia even though death was inevitable . "
Survival possible
However , the hearing heard both sets of parents " fully supported the doctor 's actions and were grateful to him " .
In written testimony , one colleague , Dr Phil Booth , said Dr Munro was wrong to stop Baby X's care .
He said : " If withdrawal of care is being discussed it merited discussion with a senior colleague .
I would n't have agreed with withdrawal or care at the time , it 's possible the baby could have survived . "
Prof Ian Marlow , a neonatal specialist from the University of Nottingham and Grampian NHS Trust , said the doctor acted from the " highest personal motives " but the use of the drug could not be justified .
The hearing in Manchester , which began on Thursday , continues .
TOM BACHTELL
Earlier this month at the National Press Club , in Washington , two expert September 11th political opportunists joined in an embrace , when Pat Robertson , the televangelist who attributed the terrorist attacks to American sinfulness , endorsed Rudy Giuliani , the Republican Presidential front - runner whose every campaign sentence , according to Senator Joseph Biden , consists of “ a noun and a verb and 9/11 . ”
Robertson explained his support for the pro-choice , pro-gay - rights candidate by stating , “ The overriding issue before the American people is the defense of our population from the bloodlust of Islamic terrorists ” — bringing to mind no one so much as the foreign - policy commentator Borat , who told a rodeo audience in Virginia , “ May George Bush drink the blood of every single man , woman , and child of Iraq . ”
As the tide goes out on President Bush ’s foreign policy , the mass of flotsam left behind includes a Republican Party that no longer knows how to be reasonable .
Whenever its leading Presidential candidates appear before partisan audiences , they try to outdo one another in pledging loyalty oaths to the use of force , pandering to the war lobby as if they were Democrats addressing the teachers ’ union .
Giuliani has surrounded himself with a group of advisers — from Norman Podhoretz to the former Pentagon official Michael Rubin — who , having got Iraq spectacularly wrong , seem determined to make up for it by doing the same thing in Iran .
Giuliani approaches foreign policy in the same mood of barely restrained eagerness for confrontation with which , as mayor of New York , he went after criminals .
He has essentially promised to go to war with Iran in order to prevent it from acquiring nuclear weapons , and he recently suggested that waterboarding is only torture when the wrong people are doing it , and blamed the “ liberal media ” for giving it a bad name .
He has said that he would improve America ’s miserable image around the world by threatening State Department diplomats with unnamed consequences unless they defend United States foreign policy more aggressively .
“ The era of cost - free anti-Americanism must end , ” Giuliani snarled in the polite pages of Foreign Affairs , which had invited candidates to lay out their views .
Mitt Romney , perhaps sensing that his military bona fides might be in question , has declared his readiness to out - Cheney Dick Cheney and “ double Guantánamo . ”
In an ad , he strolls across the lawn of a large suburban home , like a financial adviser in a Charles Schwab commercial , and intones , “ It ’s this century ’s nightmare — jihadism .
Violent , radical Islamic fundamentalism .
Their goal is to unite the world under a single jihadist caliphate .
To do that , they must collapse freedom - loving nations , like us . ”
John McCain , who does not believe that the definition of torture depends on who ’s doing it , has staked his campaign on a long - term victory in Iraq through the strategy of the surge , which is destined to end around the time the parties gather to nominate their candidates , next summer .
For Fred Thompson foreign policy is mostly immigration policy — he just wants the borders patrolled with heavy force .
In 1968 , when the Democrats tried to hold on to the White House during a disastrous war , the Party self - destructed at the Chicago Convention .
But in 2008 , in Minneapolis , the Republicans will nominate a candidate on a promise of four more years of the same .
The one piece of Bush ’s foreign policy that the leading Republicans have n’t taken up ( again , with the occasional exception of McCain ) is his “ freedom agenda . ”
In this , they are probably responding to the true feelings of the Party ’s base , for which the war on terror is more about nationalism , Christianity , and raw fear than about idealistic blandishments of democracy promotion .
Conservative foreign policy has always had a strong streak of isolationism that only direct threats can vanquish .
Without the Cold War , Robert Taft ’s world view would have dominated the Party ; without September 11th , Pat Buchanan ’s might have done the same .
In this election , the isolationist candidate is the Texas congressman Ron Paul .
He frequently attacks the core rationale of Bush ’s foreign policy , and receives enthusiastic applause for doing so , which indicates that Republican views about the war in Iraq might be more heterodox than the leading candidates and their strategists assume .
But his brand of anti-interventionism reduces the Republican debate to hawks versus cranks .
“ They attack us because we ’ve been over there .
We ’ve been bombing Iraq for ten years , ” Paul said at a debate in South Carolina .
“ I ’m suggesting that we listen to the people who attacked us and the reason they did it . ”
The room for genuine discussion in the Republican field is so limited that after Romney implied during a debate last month in Dearborn , Michigan , that war with Iran would need a legal basis and might require congressional approval Giuliani spent the next week ridiculing him , and the Wall Street Journal editorial page reacted as if John Kerry had just mentioned a “ global test ” : “ Egad .
Call in the attorneys ?
Perhaps it is Mr. Romney ’s experience in business that taught him to want lawyers at his elbow , given that no CEO can survive without them these days .
Or perhaps it is our hyper - legalized politics . ”
You can be sure that Romney ( who immediately afterward released his jihad - in - the - burbs ad ) wo n’t make the mistake of worrying aloud about the Constitution or the legality of war again anytime soon .
But Romney ’s gaffe betrays the Republican campaign ’s dirty secret : some of the candidates have responsible views and serious proposals .
Romney , in the Foreign Affairs series , admitted that “ the American people — and many others around the world — have increasing doubts about the United States ’ direction and role in the world , ” and he rejected ideological dogma in favor of the kind of mild Republican internationalism last seen during the Presidency of Bush ’s father .
McCain ’s statement in Foreign Affairs went on at length about a “ League of Democracies ” that “ would not supplant the U.N. or other international organizations but complement them by harnessing the political and moral advantages offered by united democratic action ” — an idea advanced by some liberal supporters of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton .
Off camera and in private , a few of the Republicans seem to understand that Bush has driven the country into a ditch .
But , because the thirty per cent of Americans who remain die - hard Bush supporters have a death grip on their party , those candidates wo n’t say so , choosing to repress their constructive impulses and sound as shallow and jingoistic as possible while campaigning .
Perhaps they ’re counting on changing course and governing differently once elected .
It would be dangerous to assume that they can pull it off — we ’ve been there before . ♦
But Mr. Schmidt stressed the importance to Google of a network where anyone could plug in any device and have access to the full abilities of the Internet .
In such an environment , Mr. Schmidt noted , mobile phone users would become significant consumers of online advertising , Google ’s core business .
Google fears that some of its mobile efforts could be thwarted  or prove less lucrative  if a handful of cellphone carriers continue to dominate the wireless Internet world and retain the power to determine what services and applications run on their networks .
Google ’s set of proposed rules would have the F.C.C. require that any devices and any application could be connected to the wireless network using the auctioned spectrum .
Further , they would require that whoever wins the spectrum make a portion of it available to resellers on a wholesale basis , which Google and other technology companies believe is necessary to promote broadband competition .
“ I want people to have the choice to use our service , ” said Chris Sacca , head of special initiatives at Google .
“ That is something that I fear wo n’t exist in this space . ”
Even if Google ’s service was not blocked outright , an open network would be favorable to Google ’s business , as the company would not have to contract with carriers to insert ads into the service , said Paul Kedrosky , executive director of the William J. von Liebig Center for Entrepreneurism and Technology Advancement at the University of California , San Diego .
So what would Google do if its conditions were put in place and it won the auction ?
Mr. Sacca said that Google was not likely to build a wireless network or get into the Internet service business itself .
“ We could offer it to anyone who wants to collaborate with us who embraces our principles of openness , ” Mr. Sacca said .
The licenses , considered the beach - front property on the electromagnetic spectrum , are in the 700 megahertz band of radio frequencies , which are being surrendered by television stations as they convert to digital broadcast .
The auction , to be held early next year , is expected to raise more than $ 10 billion in revenue for the government .
The commission has been heavily lobbied in recent months about crafting auction rules .
The commission is expected to issue the rules in the coming weeks .
Any rules can be adopted only by a majority of the five commissioners .
Former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker is the latest big -name endorsement for Democratic Sen. Barack Obama of Illinois , lending his gravitas in the financial world to a presidential candidate whose biggest hurdle is to convince voters he is experienced enough to be president .
Obama “ After 30 years in government , serving under five Presidents of both [… ]
Whether it 's Will Smith 's freaky near - conversion or Tom Cruise 's weird garbled video , it 's not a great time to be a Scientologist .
Especially if you happen to be John Travolta .
As a minor Scientologist , John Travolta has escaped a lot of the recent backlash against the church , but now his luck appears to have run out .
Michael Pattinson , an ex-Scientologist who signed up at the same time as John Travolta , has claimed on video that Travolta joined the church to be ' cured of homosexuality ' while adding that he knows one of John 's ex-boyfriends .
The video of the interview is after the jump .
There are many reasons to want to join Scientology , be it because you want to be just like your hero Tom Cruise from The Last Samurai , because you know that if you progress far enough your wife will be artificially inseminated with dead man 's spoo , because you hate psychiatrists so much that you want to kick all of them in the shins , or because you 're gay and Scientology is the only thing that can cure you .
But be warned – if you do become a Scientologist , you 'll be beaten and bashed at every turn .
Look at Tom Cruise – being a Scientologist got him sacked from Paramount , it got books written about him , it 's meant that embarrassing nine - minute videos of Tom Cruise 's creepy cackling have been leaked onto the internet and it means that nobody is sure what sort of radiator Tom keep Katie Holmes chained to .
And now there 's another book on Scientology about to be released – Hollywood Undercover by Ian Halperin , which chronicles his Scientology - joining adventures posing as a gay actor .
While Halperin claims that during these adventures a Scientologist recruiter told him that Barack Obama and Condoleeza Rice " should not be allowed to run for office , they should be sweeping the office , ” the real trouble is reserved for John Travolta .
For the book , Halperin interviewed Michael Pattinson , a gay ex-Scientologist who joined the church at the same time as John Travolta .
Pattinson claims that they both only joined to try and cure themselves of homosexuality , and adds that he knows John 's ex-lover Paul Baressi .
Here 's the video …
Now , how much of this is true and how much of this is embittered former Scientologist mouthing off is something we do n't know .
We just wish that Scientology was able to cure John Travolta of wanting to star in Be Cool .
That would have been a win - win for everyone .
Fred Thompson 's campaign visit to Waverly , Iowa , leaves much to be desired ( Photo courtesy of Mark Halperin ) .
Fred Thompson : Lazy as charged
WAVERLY , Iowa —
When is retail politics not retail politics ?
When candidates refuse to get off their big buses and go do it .
Fred Thompson rolled into this small town on the Cedar River in north - central Iowa on a giant brown bus Tuesday .
He also had a van , an entourage of guys with earpieces and a press aide .
Advertisement
Thompson ’s public schedule said : “ Fred Thompson Tours Downtown Waverly and Drops by Waverly Democrat . ”
It was not a bitterly cold day — temperatures were somewhere in the high 30s — and doing a downtown walk would have been a perfectly normal political event .
Such walks are staples of retail politics , the kind of politics conducted in states like Iowa and New Hampshire , where people expect to meet the candidates one on one and not just at rallies and speeches .
The Waverly Democrat , a semi- weekly newspaper , is located right on the main street in town , which is called Bremer Avenue .
( Waverly is the county seat of Bremer County . )
Waverly has a population of about 9,000 , and while Bremer Avenue was not exactly thronged this day , people were in the shops , and potential voters were definitely out and about doing shopping or sitting in the diners .
Mark Halperin of Time magazine and I drove up to Waverly to catch the Thompson walkabout , and since we got there early , we popped into the offices of the Waverly Democrat .
Anelia Dimitrova , the executive regional editor , greeted us in warmly and invited us to have a seat , chat and use the bathroom .
She offered Mark a high - speed Internet line so he could upload some video to his website and I sat down with her for a brief interview .
She said Thompson was the first candidate to come into the paper .
The paper does not endorse candidates , and maybe that is why the others have skipped it .
“ He ’s got a lot of catching up to do , ” Dimitrova said .
“ I think it ’s a sign he is behind .
I do n’t think he necessarily wants to run .
Bluntly , I do n’t know why he is running . ”
This is the question that has dogged the Thompson campaign from the beginning .
While sometimes he displays bursts of energy at a speech here or there , he is often described as “ laconic ” on the road .
Thompson , his entourage and his wife , Jeri , arrived at the newspaper and after exchanging a few pleasantries , Thompson headed in to his meeting with Dimitrova in a conference room .
Dimitrova invited Mark and me into the interview with Thompson but the Thompson press aide refused .
Dimitrova said she had no problem with us being there , but the press aide refused again .
It was no big deal .
We waited for Thompson outside the conference room and after a few minutes he emerged , left the newspaper office and headed straight onto his large , brown bus .
But what happened to the “ tour of downtown Waverly ” that was on his schedule ?
Canceled .
Not going to happen .
He was not going to walk the streets of Waverly in search of voters .
Instead , Thompson rode four blocks to the local fire station .
Local fire stations always have captive audiences ( unless there is a fire ) .
Inside , Thompson shook a few hands — there were only about 15 people there — and then Chief Dan McKenzie handed Thompson the chief ’s fire hat so Thompson could put it on .
Thompson looked at it with a sour expression on his face .
“ I ’ve got a silly hat rule , ” Thompson said .
In point of fact , the “ silly ” hat was the one Chief McKenzie wore to fires and I am guessing none of the firefighters in attendance considered it particularly silly , but Thompson was not going to put it on .
He just stood there holding it and staring at it .
To save the moment , Jeri Thompson took the hat from her husband ’s hands and put it on her head .
“ You look cute , ” Thompson said to her .
She did .
Jeri took off the hat and McKenzie led the Thompsons over to a fire truck .
The chief invited Thompson to climb up behind the wheel , but Thompson said , “ Naw , this is fine . ”
And he stood there looking at the fire truck .
Jeri once again saved the moment by engaging the chief in some actual conversation .
“ How many people do you serve ? ” she asked .
“ About 10,000 , ” Chief McKenzie said .
Thompson walked away from the fire truck , posed for a picture or two and the event was over .
He and his entourage got on his bus and roared out of town .
Later , his press aide sent Mark and me an e-mail of explanation , though we had not asked for one .
Thompson had skipped going up and down Bremer Avenue after the newspaper meeting because , the press aide explained , “ We ca n’t control where the newspapers are .
Had it been a more ‘ main - street ’ type town , it would have been different . ”
But Waverly is a “ main - street ” type town , and the newspaper office was right there on the main street of town surrounded by businesses .
The press aide also claimed that “ ice and snow on the streets presented a safety issue , ” but Halperin and I had no problem walking on the mostly well - shoveled avenue , both before Thompson arrived and after he left .
( In fact , we went into a local store on Bremer Avenue , where there were a number of shoppers Thompson easily could have greeted . )
Later in the day , I sent an e-mail to Anelia Dimitrova , asking her about the private meeting she had with Thompson at the newspaper office .
She e-mailed me back that Thompson “ was so vague that I would be hard - pressed to write a story .
Simply put , there is no news peg other than he came to the newsroom with his model wife and a beehive of staffers .
When I asked him specifically what he would do as prez for farmers in Bremer County , he resorted to glittering generalities . ”
So the sum total of Thompson ’s day in Waverly was meeting with a newspaper editor and saying nothing and then meeting about 15 people in a warm firehouse and saying nothing .
When he was supposed to go out and find voters in shops and diners , talk to them and answer their questions , he decided to skip it and get back on his luxury bus instead .
That ’s not retail politics .
That ’s not Iowa .
And that ’s not laconic .
That ’s lazy .
( GameTap.com ) -- Curt Schilling , the split - finger fastballer from Boston with a penchant for honoring superstitions , playing through pain , and winning , says he intends to play only one more year of baseball .
" I 'm done .
This is my final year , " Schilling told a handful of journalists he'd invited to his top - floor suite in Caesar 's Palace during this week 's CES trade show .
Curt Schilling says he 'll retiring after next season and will focus on his new gaming company .
His new focus , post - pitching , will be to oversee the development of a still - unnamed and shrouded - in - mystery massively multiplayer role - playing game ( MMORPG ) that goes by the working title Copernicus .
A short video comprised of previously released game and movie clips , meticulously edited and scored -- what Schilling and his team is calling a " tone video " -- was shown to an A - list of journalists that included tech maven Walt Mossberg of The Wall Street Journal , as well as reporters from Barron's , Newsweek , USA Today , and The Los Angeles Times .
While it in no way represents the final game , the video was the centerpiece of a relaxed night with Schilling talking about Copernicus , his new company , and his commitment to gaming -- the latter of which he admits has confounded many .
" No one looks at this and says it 's a natural progression , " Schilling said .
" You 're a frickin ' celebrity athlete who 's going to make a game ?
Come on ! , " he adds , mimicking the peanut gallery .
But Schilling is adamant he is in it for the long haul .
Watch the sights and sounds of CES
" This is my life after baseball , " the star pitcher said of the game and the studio he formed to create it .
" After baseball , I will do nothing except be a father , husband , and run this company . "
The company is 38 Studios , the development house Schilling founded in late 2006 .
And the unnamed game is just one pillar of a multi-pronged approach to entertainment .
What marks Schilling 's vision is that the game is based on a new IP that he says will include deliberate and strategically planned brand extensions into film , TV , books , comics , and action figure iterations .
Although the game is in the very early stages on development -- what the studio's VP of product development Michael Kosenski called " concept phase " --
Schilling says the game will release sometime toward the end of 2010 .
The dinner with Schilling was a free - wheeling event .
Reporters sat around a dining room table and fired off questions .
Schilling addressed a wide range of topics :
He 's staffing the company only with people who are ready to " be on time and bust their ass . "
He says " you do n't need sex and you do n't need blood to make a great game . "
His blog was created as a vehicle to " get the word out on 38 Studios , " and has tallied 7 million unique visitors since its launch 10 months ago .
He says that some day he will be " intimately involved in making a baseball game ... I will be a part of a company doing a sports game . "
And at the moment , he 's playing Tabula Rasa , World of Warcraft , Guild Wars , Hellgate : London , and EverQuest 2 .
And he thinks NBA 2K8 is " as close to realistic as a sports game can get . "
What else did Curt Schilling reveal about his upcoming game ?
Not a whole lot .
He 's banking heavily on his own understanding of games , which is considerable , and his two creative partners -- best - selling fantasy book author R.A. Salvatore and iconoclast comic book and action figure creator Todd MacFarlane -- to create a blockbuster .
Is any of what GameTap was told or saw a guarantee of success ?
No .
Would I put my bet on Schilling to create something of interest ?
Something worth looking at when it hits retailer shelves ?
Well Vegas is a betting town , so the answer is yes .
E-mail to a friend
READ about video games .
WATCH video game news .
PLAY complete , original console , arcade and PC games - FREE !
Visit GameTap.com .
Copyright : TM & © 2007 Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. A Time Warner Company , or its licensors .
Patent pending .
All Rights Reserved .
GameTap is part of the TURNER YOUNG ADULT NETWORK .
All About Curt Schilling • Video Games
" We have a saying in this business : ' Privacy and security are a zero- sum game . ' "
Thus spake security consultant Ed Giorgio in a widely - quoted New Yorker article on the US intelligence community 's plans to vacuum up and sift through everything that flies across the wires .
But Giorgio is wrong — catastrophically wrong .
The story of Fidencio Estrada , a drug runner who bribed Florida Customs agent Rafael Pacheco to ( among other things ) access multiple federal law enforcement databases on his behalf , suggests that when it comes to the government collecting data on innocent civilians for law enforcement purposes , privacy and security are essentially the same thing .
The factual background in the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals ' recent decision to uphold a lower court 's conviction of Estrada details how in early 2000 , Pacheco accessed DHS 's billion - record Treasury Enforcement Communications System ( TECS ) database looking for any information that the feds had on Estrada .
( Hat tip to CNET 's Declan McCullough , whose blog post brought this story to my attention . )
Pacheco also went into the FBI 's National Crime Information Center ( NCIC ) database in order to dig up information on the warrants that were out for Estrada 's arrest .
Pacheco then fed the info back to Estrada , who was better able to elude law enforcement in as he plied his narcotics trade .
Estrada and Pacheco were eventually busted , sentenced , and are currently doing time for their crimes , but their story shows exactly why the United States ' headlong rush to build government databases full of data on noncriminals ( i.e. , mere suspects , like OneDOJ , and the completely innocent , like Real ID ) are such a spectacularly awful idea .
All it takes is one bad apple with the right level of access , and the entire database is compromised .
With great ( network ) power comes great responsibility vulnerability
Here 's an ugly prediction that you can take to the bank : as the amount of data that the feds collect on innocent civilians grows , so will the number of people who are victims of crimes that were made possible by unauthorized access to a government database .
I 'm not just talking about identity theft , though that is a huge danger with Real ID , but violent crimes as well .
As I explained in the OneDOJ post linked above , this prediction is just Metcalfe 's Law at work :
This is , of course , a fundamental problem inherent in the very nature of any massive , centralized government data - sharing plan that spans multiple agencies and connects untold numbers of state and federal law enforcement officers : the usefulness of such a system to any one individual ( a white hat or a black hat ) grows roughly with the square of the number of participants who are using it to share data ( Metcalfe 's law ) .
So the more white hats that any of these programs manage to connect to each other , the more useful the network as a whole will be to the small handful of black hats who gain access to it at any point .
That such databases will be " useful " to black hats means any number of things — useful for identity thieves , and useful for terrorists who seek to impersonate lawful citizens .
While I 'm citing laws and trends from the world of computing that shortly will have a direct impact on all of our ability to carry out our lives in relative safety , let me bring up two more trends worth factoring into our deteriorating privacy / security equation : the rapidly diving cost - per - bit of mass storage and the increasing amount of bandwidth available on networks both public and private .
So the government wants to collect tons of detailed data on citizens in these large databases ; meanwhile , the speed at which an attacker could siphon off that data is increasing , as is the frightening but real possibility that ever - larger swaths of that database can fit onto a single lost or purloined hard drive .
But perhaps all this talk of government databases squeezed onto hard drives that then fall into the wrong hands is just fear - mongering , and that 's probably best left to professionals .
Chief Justice Elliott E. Maynard of the West Virginia Supreme Court disqualified himself on Friday from further participation in a case involving a powerful coal executive after photographs of two men meeting in Monte Carlo in 2006 were filed in court this week .
“ I have no doubt in my own mind and firmly believe I have been and would be fair and impartial in this case , ” Chief Justice Maynard wrote in a statement .
“ The mere appearance of impropriety , regardless of whether it is supported by fact , can compromise the public confidence in the courts .
For that reason  and that reason alone  I will recuse myself . ”
It is not clear , though , what follows from the disqualification .
Chief Justice Maynard was in the 3 - to - 2 majority in a November decision that threw out a $ 50 million jury verdict against affiliates of the executive ’s company , Massey Energy .
With interest , the award is worth more than $ 70 million .
Chief Justice Maynard did not say that his disqualification was retroactive or that he was withdrawing his vote .
To find out , Dr. Vallortigara and his colleagues recruited 30 family pets of mixed breed that were enrolled in an agility training program .
The dogs were placed in a cage equipped with cameras that precisely tracked the angles of their tail wags .
Then they were shown four stimuli through a slat in the front of the cage : their owner ; an unfamiliar human ; a cat ; and an unfamiliar , dominant dog .
In each instance the test dog saw a person or animal for one minute , rested for 90 seconds and saw another view .
Testing lasted 25 days with 10 sessions per day .
Image Right Brain , Left Brain
The muscles on either side of the tail apparently reflect emotions like fear and love registering in the brain .
Credit ... Marcello Siniscalchi / University of Trieste
When the dogs saw their owners , their tails all wagged vigorously with a bias to the right side of their bodies , Dr. Vallortigara said .
Their tails wagged moderately , again more to the right , when faced with an unfamiliar human .
Looking at the cat , a four - year - old male whose owners volunteered him for the experiment , the dogs ’ tails again wagged more to the right but in a lower amplitude .
When the dogs looked at an aggressive , unfamiliar dog — a large Belgian shepherd Malinois — their tails all wagged with a bias to the left side of their bodies .
Thus when dogs were attracted to something , including a benign , approachable cat , their tails wagged right , and when they were fearful , their tails went left , Dr. Vallortigara said .
It suggests that the muscles in the right side of the tail reflect positive emotions while the muscles in the left side express negative ones .
While some researchers have argued that only humans show brain asymmetry — based on the evolution of language in the left brain — strong left and right biases are showing up in the brains of many so - called simpler creatures , said Lesley Rogers , a neuroscientist who studies brain asymmetry at the University of New England in Armidale , Australia .
Aufgrund der aktuellen Gegebenheiten vereinbaren wir mit Ihnen gerne einen individuellen Strandkorb - Beratungstermin während und auf Wunsch auch außerhalb der täglichen Öffnungszeiten .
Unseren Onlineshop finden Sie hier auf Strandkorb - Onlineshop.de
Ob an Nordsee , - oder Ostseestränden , wie auf Sylt , Amrum , Usedom , Rügen , in Grömitz , am Timmendorfer Strand , in St. Peter Ording , oder auf Fehmarn …
Strandkörbe gehören an diesen Orten selbstverständlich zum Bild am Strand und werden von den Urlaubern gerne genutzt , um sich vor Wind und Wetter und der Sicht der Nachbarn zu schützen .
( als Wind - und Sichtschutz genutzt ) .
Viele schöne Stunden werden hier verbracht und mache Menschen träumen schon als Kind davon , einmal einen eigenen Strandkorb zu besitzen .
Gründe , um sich den Wunsch nach einem eigenen Strandkorb nach eigenen Vorstellungen zu erfüllen , um diesen im Garten , auf der Terrasse , oder z.B. im Wohnzimmer zu genießen , gibt es viele .
Der eigene Strandkorb ist ein Ort zum Träumen , sich eine Auszeit von einem langen Arbeitstag zu nehmen , zu kuscheln , sich zu entspannen und den Sternenhimmel gemeinsam zu betrachten .
Wir möchten Ihnen diesen Traum einen Schritt näher bringen .
Zielsetzung von Strandkorb & Meer ist immer die Auslieferung höchster Qualität , ausschließlich von deutschen Herstellern .
Die manuelle Endfertigung der Körbe erfolgt daher immer in Deutschland .
Wir führen ausnahmslos deutsche Hersteller , sowohl bei Strandkörben ( Sonnenpartner , Strandkorbprofi , deVries , als auch bei den Schutzhüllen für Gartenmöbel ( Heinemeyer GmbH , Sonnenpartner ) .
Als Baumaterial werden Nordische Hölzer , Mahagoni Meranti und hochwertiges Teakholz verarbeitet .
Die damit gefertigten Strandkörbe können Kunden dann sowohl in zerlegter Form als auch fertig montiert erhalten .
Der Variantenreichtum bei Polsterungen und Geflechten ist beeindruckend , bei Stoffmustern ( Markisenstoffe , Dralon - und Baumwollstoffe ) sogar schier unerschöpflich .
Wir liefern Strandkörbe aller Preisgruppen nach Deutschland , Österreich , Schweiz , auf Anfrage auch europaweit und nach Übersee .
Als Zubehör führen wir neben Schutzhauben , Pflegesets , Teaköl , Terrassen - Fahrrollen , Rasen - Fahrrollen , Seitentische , Bistro - Tische und Kissen
Schutzhüllen und weiteres Zubehör werden in der Regel innerhalb von 7 Tagen bei Ihnen ankommen .
Viel Spaß beim Stöbern und Träumen wünscht Ihnen
Corina Gold – Strandkorb & Meer
Der Strandkorb macht schon lange Geschichte
Manchmal haben Erfindungen amüsante Begleitumstände .
Die Geschichte des Strandkorbs etwa begann mit der Unpäßlichkeit einer älteren Dame .
Das Rheumaleiden der Rostockerin war Auslöser für eine folgenreiche Konstruktion eines Korbmachers aus Warnemünde .
Im dortigen kaiserlichen Seebad beabsichtigte besagte Dame , wie schon so oft , einen Erholungsurlaub zu verbringen – ob oder wegen der Rückenschmerzen , darf offen bleiben .
Sicher war , dass die rauhen Winde nicht gerade beste Voraussetzungen für eine Genesung boten .
Doch die Sturheit der Mecklenburgerin muss beträchtlich gewesen sein und war auch von Erfolg gekrönt .
Ein ansässiger Korbmacher namens Wilhelm Bartelmann schuf Abhilfe durch den Bau eines windabweisenden Strandkorbs , der damals übrigens noch Strandstuhl genannt wurde .
Der Strandkorb , der auf diese Weise 1882 das Licht der
Welt erblickte , entsprach noch nicht unseren heutigen Vorstellungen von einem gleichermaßen komfortablen wie ästhetischen Sitzmöbel .
Der Einsitzer hatte eher die Form eines Kastens denn eines Korbes , war also sehr stark vertikal ausgerichtet .
Schon stärker in Richtung heutigen Geschmacks war der erste Zweisitzer in Halblieger - Form entwickelt , der bereits 1883 zu sehen gewesen sein soll .
Im gleichen Jahr eröffnete in Warnemünde bereits die erste Strandkorb - Vermietung in der Nähe des Leuchtturms , geleitet von Elisabeth Bartelmann , der Ehefrau des kaiserlichen Korbmachers .
Das Geschäft des engagierten Ehepaars expandierte in der Folgezeit , so dass Strandkörbe Anfang des 20 .
Jahrhunderts bereits in einigen Orten zum gewohnten Strandmöbel geworden waren .
In den 20er Jahren des 20 .
Jahrhunderts setzte der Strandkorb zu einem bemerkenswerten Siegeszug an .
Heute findet man ihn auch in Regionen , wo man ihn eher nicht vermuten würde : in Japan , den USA – und seit 2004 auch in Bayern …
Interessiert an mehr Infos ?
Hier geht es zum Strandkorb A-Z !
Arts & Culture
Can We Save the Internet ?
Andrew Keen is the author of Cult of the Amateur : How Today ’s Internet is Killing Our Culture .
Kevin Kelly is the founding executive editor of Wired magazine .
In this week ’s Big Question , they debate " Can we save the internet ? "
From : … Read More By Andrew Keen / May 29 , 2007
Andrew Keen is the author of Cult of the Amateur : How Today ’s Internet is Killing Our Culture .
Kevin Kelly is the founding executive editor of Wired magazine .
In this week ’s Big Question , they debate " Can we save the internet ? "
From : Andrew Keen To : Kevin Kelly Subject : Can We Save the Internet ?
Hi Kevin ,
We are supposed to be discussing whether or not the Internet can be saved .
But I ’m not sure that this is a helpful way of thinking about the Internet .
A better question is whether humankind can be saved .
The authors of the Internet are you , me , and the rest of us ; information technology has no will of its own , no spiritual autonomy , no existence independent of us .
So when we look at the Internet , we are looking into a mirror , we are gazing at ourselves .
The salvation of the Internet is , therefore , a human question .
It ’s no good blaming technology for the corruption of the Internet .
We have to take responsibility for our own collective invention .
That is the first and most essential step toward digital salvation .
To save the Internet means saving ourselves .
When I look at today ’s Internet , I mostly see cultural and ethical cha os .
I see the eruption of rampant intellectual property theft , extreme pornography , sexual promiscuity , plagiarism , gambling , contempt for order , intellectual inanity , crime , a culture of anonymity , hatred toward authority , incessant spam , and a trash heap of user - generated - content ( whew , what a mouthful ! ) .
I see a chaotic humans arrangement with few , if any , formal social pacts .
Today ’s Internet resembles a state of nature — Hobbes ’ dystopia rather than Rousseau ’s idyll .
For most of human history , this state of nature has been theoretical — a fiction which thinkers like Hobbes or Rousseau have had to invent .
With the Internet , however , we get to see a non-fictional state of nature .
In real - time .
Just go to an unregulated bulletin board or a sex chatroom .
Take a quick tour of the blogosphere , that echo chamber of digital narcissism .
This is an introduction to primeval man , Homo sapiens 1.0 .
It ’s how we behave when there are no social customs or formal laws governing our behavior .
Can we blame the Internet for all this human corruption ?
Of course not .
There has always been and always will be extreme pornography , illegal gambling , hubris , sexual promiscuity , contempt for meritocratic hierarchy , shameless narcissism , and political , sexual , and racial hatred .
But , on the Internet , such corruption is exaggerated , and it is always on .
Now we can gamble 24 hours a day on our networked computers .
Now we can consume pornography without ever experiencing the social humiliation of going into a sex shop .
Now we can taunt and insult and threaten our enemies anonymously without looking them in the eye .
Now we can twitter to the whole world about what we ate for breakfast .
Now we can steal our neighbor ’s wife , his credit cards , indeed his entire identity , with one click of our mouse .
So can the Internet be saved ?
Yes , I think it can .
But we need laws , a series of social contracts , to constructively regulate our behavior on the Internet .
Even though I live in Berkeley , I ’m not a digital Maoist and I ’m not suggesting the imposition of draconian Internet laws .
But I think we need some laws and certainly more aggressive social policing to control our worst impulses .
I am in favor of laws that unambiguously punish digital piracy , more controls to stop kids accessing pornography , a tighter rein on online gambling , and tougher punishment against the spammers and the marketing scammers who are even ruining good old email .
We are all responsible for saving the Internet .
Parents must teach kids self - control to resist the addictive nature of Internet gaming .
Teachers need to clamp down
aggressively on intellectual plagiarism .
We all need to go back to paying for our content and replacing the Web 2.0 cult of the amateur with Western civilization ’s traditional cult of the author .
And we must ( re ) learn the ability to be silent , to listen to others more learned than ourselves , to value the wisdom of the expert .
How else can we save the Internet ?
We must resist the siren song of anonymity — perhaps the greatest of all digital curses .
The Internet holds much promise for social interaction .
But this potential is undermined by the culture of anonymity .
Much of the Internet ’s lack of civility is caused by our unwillingness to accept responsibility for our own words .
We behave badly when we can hide behind fake identities .
We are naturally obnoxious when we do n’t have to face the consequences of our own action .
So , if we are to save the Internet , we need to confront the curse of anonymity .
Let ’s all agree to discard our masks and end anonymity once and for all .
The alternative is the statist Chinese model that makes anonymity punishable by law .
And nobody — not even a kvetch like me — wants that .
There ’s one other thing too .
The Internet can be saved if we resist the education of virtual life , that opiate of online existence .
David Weinberger is wrong .
Not everything is miscellaneous .
There is a difference — epistemologically , existentially , phenomenologically ( and every other long word I can think of ) — between physical life and virtual life .
Internet sites like Second Life are not versions of alternative reality .
This digital salvation is no better than that old wives ’ tale of heaven and hell .
Being human does n’t mean transplanting our identities to an invented digital being .
As I said before , when we look at the Internet , we are looking into a mirror , at ourselves .
And when I look in my mirror , I do n’t want an avatar grinning back at me .
I hope this makes a little bit of sense to you .
And I hope it can help us save the Internet .
andrew k Next : Kevin Kelly on The Cult of Anonymity
Royalty Free Music for Internet Communication : Why Is It Useful ?
Major General John Kelly is one of the Marine Corps ’ most thoughtful and most able leaders .
Many who hope to see the Marine Corps ’ doctrine of Maneuver Warfare someday become real instead of just words on paper pray he has a bright future .
When , as a major , he was commander of Infantry Officers 
Course at Quantico , he did what every Marine school director should do : he hauled all the old , Second Generation lesson plans out into the courtyard , poured gasoline on them and burned them .
I have known him since that time , and I regard him as a personal friend .
In late September , speaking to the San Diego Military Advisory Council , General Kelly said :
" I left Iraq three years ago last month .
I returned a week ago after a two week visit of getting the lay of the land for my upcoming deployment .
It is still a dangerous and foreboding land , but what I experienced personally was amazing and remarkable  we are winning , we are really winning .
No one told me to say that , I saw it for myself . "
I have to reply , not so fast , John .
I have no doubt the situation General Kelly found in Anbar Province is much quieter than it was just a short time ago .
That means fewer casualties , for which we are all thankful .
But in the inherent complexity of a Fourth Generation situation , it does not mean we are winning .
If we put the improved situation in Anbar in context , we quickly see there is less to it than first meets the eye .
That context begins with the fact that Anbar is quieter primarily because of what al - Qaeda did , namely alienating its base , not what we did .
We enabled the local Sunnis to turn on al - Qaeda by ceasing or at least diminishing our attacks on the local population .
But if al - Qaeda had not blundered , the situation would be about what it had been since the real war started .
We have not found a silver bullet for 4GW .
Nor is the war in Iraq a binary conflict , America vs. al - Qaeda , although , that is how Washington now portrays it .
Al - Qaeda is only one of a vast array of non-state actors , fighting for many different kinds of goals .
If al - Qaeda in Iraq disappeared tomorrow , Iraq would remain chaotic .
The fact that some Sunni tribes have turned on al - Qaeda does not mean they like us .
It just means we have for the moment become the # 2 enemy instead of # 1 , or perhaps # 3 , with the Shi’ites ranking ahead of us .
Some think the Sunnis are just getting whatever they can from us as they prepare for another , more bitter round of the Sunni vs. Shi’ite civil war .
But the biggest reason for saying “ not so fast ” is that the reduction of violence in Anbar does not necessary point toward the rise of a state in the now - stateless region of Mesopotamia .
As I have argued repeatedly in this column and elsewhere , we can only win in Iraq if a new state emerges there .
Far from pointing toward that , our new working relationship with some Sunni sheiks points away from it .
The sheiks represent local , feudal power , not a state .
We are working with them precisely because there is no Iraqi state to work with ( the Maliki government is a polite fiction ) .
From a practical standpoint , there is nothing else we can do to get any results .
But our alliances with Sunni sheiks in effect represents our acceptance , de facto if not de jure , of the reality that there is no state .
The sheiks , we must recognize , do not accept the Shi’ite puppet government in Baghdad ( nothing illustrates its puppet nature better than its inability to expel Blackwater ) or its armed forces , which are mostly Shi’ite militias who get government paychecks .
The Baghdad government recognizes this fact .
A story in the October 1 Cleveland Plain Dealer quotes Prime Minister al - Maliki ’s United Iraqi Alliance ( Shi’ite ) as condemning
“ ‘ authorizing the ( Sunni tribal ) groups to conduct security acts away from the jurisdiction of the government and without its knowledge . ’
" The statement went on : ‘ We demand that the American administration stop this adventure , which is rejected by all the sons of the people and its national political powers . ' ”
Rightly , the ruling Shi’ites fear that what we are actually creating is new Sunni militias , which will fight the Shi’ite militias .
Finally , as if all this did not throw enough cold water on any notion that we are winning , just as the Marines are ramping down our war with the Iraqi Sunnis , in Anbar , the U.S. Army is ramping up a war with the Shi’ite population .
Almost every day we read about another raid on the Shi’ites , all too often one where we have called in airstrikes on populated Shi’ite neighborhoods .
A story in the October 6 Plain Dealer , " U.S. raid north of Baghdad kills 25 , ” was typical :
" An Iraqi army official , who spoke on condition of anonymity , said U.S. aircraft bombed the neighborhood repeatedly and he claimed civilians , including seven children , were among those killed .
" He said the civilians had rushed out to help those hurt in the initial bombing
" the town ’s top official said U.S. forces targeted areas built up by the locals to protect their Shi’ite neighborhoods against attacks by al - Qaeda gunmen .
If we have not enjoyed fighting the 20 % of the Iraqi population that is Sunni , how much pleasure will we find in fighting the 60 % that is Shi’ite ?
Of course , an American attack on Iran will only intensify our war with Iraq ’s Shi’ites .
So no , we are not winning in Iraq .
The only meaningful definition of “ winning ” is seeing the re-emergence of a real Iraqi state , and by that standard we are no closer to victory than we ever were .
Nor can I see anything on the horizon that could move us closer to such a victory , other than a complete American withdrawal , which begins to look as unlikely under Hillary as under George .
All we see on the horizon of Anbar province , sadly , is another mirage .
Last updated at 11:05 21 December 2007
On the outside 181 Durham Road looks like any other terraced house but inside time has stood still for nearly 50 years .
For the home in Spennymoor , County Durham , has remained the same as it was in 1961 - when John F Kennedy was U.S. president and Harold Macmillan was Britain 's Prime Minister .
Walking into the mid-terraced property is like entering a time capsule , reflecting an era when you could buy a house for £ 1,000 and pay for it in pre-decimalisation money .
The owner Bob Dixon , an author and academic , is preparing to hand over the keys of the three - bedroomed home , where time has stood still for almost five decades .
The house has belonged to Mr Dixon since his mother , Hilda , died ten years ago , and has remained unchanged since Mrs Dixon furnished and decorated it in 1961 .
Over the years , Mr Dixon has regularly continued his visits to the terraced property from his home in Kent .
He has never seen the need to change any of the house he loves , and only failing health has prompted him to sell it .
Scroll down for more ...
" I liked it when my mother first did it , and never thought of changing any of it , " said Mr Dixon , who said it would be a wrench to sever his ties with his Spennymoor roots .
The first hint of walking into the past comes in the hall , with its linoleum - edged floors covered in a red floral carpet .
Turn left into the front room and there is an immaculate classic Sixties - style three - piece suite in two shades of green on a matching floral wool carpet , with a dominating feature wall decorated in its original bamboo - pattern wallpaper .
Scroll down for more ...
Continuing to effectively warm the room , the Belling fire set into a tiled green and cream fireplace still has its pristine instruction leaflet on a nearby coffee table .
Despite their age , the dining room 's table and chairs have no marks on them , and the accompanying aubergine - coloured suite and matching aubergine , blue and black abstract design carpet look as if they have just been delivered .
On the upstairs landing , blue floral wallpaper makes its own Sixties statement , while following the fashion of the day , the bathroom is all pink tiles and black splashbacks .
Matching wardrobes and dressing tables stand in the bedrooms , where both the carpets and curtains are the originals installed by Mr Dixon 's mother , who clearly knew quality .
Scroll down for more ...
He said : " She had a good eye for colour and I think she designed the rooms well . "
But despite leaving all the furnishings behind , he is all too aware that after he walks away from Durham Road , the house will never be the same again .
He said : " It most definitely is the end of an era . "
( CNN ) -- Syria accused Israel of a " flagrant violation " of its obligations when it carried out an airstrike inside the country last week , according to a copy of a letter released Tuesday .
Israeli soldiers deployed in the Golan Heights look toward Syria on September 7 .
Syria called the incursion a " breach of airspace of the Syrian Arab Republic " and said " it is not the first time Israel has violated " Syrian airspace , the letter to U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon read .
It also accused the international community of ignoring Israeli actions .
Earlier , a U.N. spokeswoman said Syria had not requested a meeting of the Security Council .
Meanwhile , France -- the current president of the Security Council -- said it had received no letter from Syria .
Last week , Syria reported that its aircraft fired on Israeli " enemy aircraft " that flew into northern Syria early Thursday .
The airstrike may have targeted weapons that were destined for Hezbollah militants , according to sources in the region and in the United States .
Watch a report on the airstrike »
The Israel Defense Forces had no comment on the report , and have refused to comment further on the new revelations .
But the sources told CNN the military operation , which happened Wednesday into Thursday , may have also involved Israeli ground forces who directed the airstrike , which " left a big hole in the desert " in Syria .
The strike may have targeted Hezbollah weapons coming into Syria or transiting through the country from Iran -- a pattern that , over the past three or four years , has occurred without any retaliation or other action taken against it -- the sources said .
The Israeli government is very happy with the success of the operation , the sources said .
Sources in the U.S. government and military confirmed to CNN's Barbara Starr that the airstrike did happen , and that they are happy to have Israel carry the message to both Syria and Iran that they can get in and out and strike when necessary .
Right now , diplomats in the region are trying to ensure the incident does not escalate .
The European Union 's foreign policy chief , Javier Solana , is serving as a conduit between Israeli and Syrian foreign ministers , urging both sides to allow cooler heads to prevail , Solana 's office said .
Syrian Foreign Minister Walid al - Moualem and other Syrian officials have been putting out their version of events .
The Syrian government said Israeli bombs were dropped on its territory and fuel tanks from Israeli jets were dropped on the Turkish side of the border .
Al - Moualem was in the Turkish capital , Ankara , on Monday protesting this action and trying to get Turkey to support its desire to take Israel to the Security Council for the airstrike .
Israel fought a war with Hezbollah guerrillas in southern Lebanon last year after Hezbollah captured two Israeli soldiers , who are still being held .
E-mail to a friend
CNN Chief International Correspondent Christiane Amanpour and U.N. Correspondent Richard Roth contributed to this report .
All About Syria • Israel
PENTAGON INSIDER HAS DIRE WARNING Daniel Ellsberg , the former Defense Department analyst who leaked the secret Pentagon Papers history of the Vietnam War , offered insights into the looming attack on Iran and the loss of liberty in the United States at a recent American University symposium .
What follow are his comments from that speech .
They have been edited only for space .
By Daniel Ellsberg
Let me simplify . . . and not just to be rhetorical : A coup has occurred .
I woke up the other day realizing , coming out of sleep , that a coup has occurred .
It ’s not just a question that a coup lies ahead with the next 9 - 11 .
That ’s the next coup that completes the first .
The last five years have seen a steady assault on every fundamental of our Constitution . . . what the rest of the world looked at for the last 200 years as a model and experiment to the rest of the world — in checks and balances , limited government , Bill of Rights , individual rights protected from majority infringement by the Congress , an independent judiciary , the possibility of impeachment .
There have been violations of these principles by many presidents before .
Most of the specific things that Bush has done in the way of illegal surveillance and other matters were done under my boss Lyndon Johnson in the Vietnam War : the use of CIA , FBI , NSA against Americans .
All these violations were impeachable had they been found out at the time but in nearly every case the violations were not found out until [ the president was ] out of office so we did n’t have the exact challenge that we have today .
That was true with the first term of Nixon and certainly of Johnson , Kennedy and others .
They were impeachable .
They were n’t found out in time .
But I think it was not their intention , in the crisis situations that they felt justified their actions , to change our form of government .
It is increasingly clear with each new book and each new leak that comes out , that Richard Cheney and his now chief of staff David Addington have had precisely that in mind since at least the early 1970s .
Not just since 1992 , not since 2001 , but [ they ] have believed in executive government , single - branch government under an executive president — elected or not — with unrestrained powers .
They did not believe in restraint .
When I say this , I ’m not saying they are traitors .
I do n’t think they have in mind allegiance to some foreign power or have a desire to help a foreign power .
I believe they have in their own minds a love of this country and what they think is best for this country — but what they think is best is directly and consciously at odds with what the Founders of this country [ and the Framers of the Constitution ] thought .
They believe we need a different kind of government now , an executive government essentially , rule by decree , which is what we ’re getting with ‘ signing statements . ’
Signing statements are talked about as line - item vetoes which is one [ way ] of describing them which are unconstitutional in themselves , but in other ways are just saying the president says : ‘ I decide what I enforce .
I decide what the law is .
I legislate . ’
It ’s [ the same ] with the military commissions , courts that are under the entire control of the executive branch , essentially of the president — a concentration of legislative , judicial , and executive powers in one branch , which is precisely what the founders meant to avert , and tried to avert and did avert to the best of their ability in the Constitution . ”
* * * Now I ’m appealing to that as a crisis right now not just because it is a break in tradition but because I believe in my heart and from my experience that on this point the Founders had it right .
It ’s not just ‘ our way of doing things ’ — it was a crucial perception on the corruption of power to anybody , including Americans .
On procedures and institutions that might possibly keep that power under control because the alternative was what we have just seen , wars like Vietnam , wars like Iraq , wars like the one coming .
That brings me to the second point .
This executive branch , under specifically Bush and Cheney , despite opposition [ even ] from most of the rest of the branch , even of the cabinet , clearly intends a war against Iran , which , even by imperialist standards , [ violates ] standards in other words which were accepted not only by nearly everyone in the executive branch but most of the leaders in Congress .
The interests of the empire , the need for hegemony , our right to control and our need to control the oil of the Middle East and many other places .
That is consensual in our establishment . …
But even by those standards , an attack on Iran is insane .
And I say that quietly , I do n’t mean it to be heard as rhetoric .
Of course it ’s not only aggression and a violation of international law , a supreme international crime , but it is by imperial standards , insane in terms of the consequences .
Does that make it impossible ?
No , it obviously does n’t ; it does n’t even make it unlikely .
That is because two things come together that with the acceptance for various reasons of the Congress — Democrats and Republicans — and the public and the media , we have freed the White House — the president and the vice president — from virtually any restraint by Congress , courts , media , public , whatever .
And on the other hand , the people who have this unrestrained power are crazy .
Not entirely , but they have crazy beliefs .
And the question is what then , can we do about this ?
We are heading toward an insane operation .
It is not certain .
[ But it ] is likely . …
I want to try to be realistic myself here , to encourage us to do what we must do , what is needed to be done with the full recognition of the reality .
Nothing is impossible .
What I ’m talking about in the way of a police state , in the way of an attack on Iran , is not certain .
Nothing is certain , actually .
However , I think it is probable , more likely than not , that in the next 15 , 16 months
And . . . we will not succeed in moving Congress , probably , and Congress probably will not stop the president from doing this .
And that ’s where we ’re heading .
That ’s a very ugly , ugly prospect .
However , I think it ’s up to us to work to increase that small , perhaps — anyway not large — possibility and probability to avert this within the next 15 months , aside from the effort that we have to make for the rest of our lives .
* * * Getting back the constitutional government and improving it will take a long time .
And I think if we do n’t get started now , it wo n’t be started under the next administration .
Getting out of Iraq will take a long time .
Averting Iran and averting a further coup in the face of a 9 - 11 , another attack , is for right now , it ca n’t be put off .
It will take a kind of political and moral courage of which we have seen very little .
We have a really unusual concentration here and in this audience , of people who have in fact changed their lives , changed their position , lost their friends to a large extent , risked and experienced being called terrible names , ‘ traitor , ’ ‘ weak on terrorism ’— names that politicians will do anything to avoid being called .
How do we get more people in the government and in the public at large to change their lives now in a crisis in a critical way ?
How do we get Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid for example ?
What kinds of pressures , what kinds of influences can be brought to bear to get Congress to do their jobs ?
It is n’t just doing their jobs .
Getting them to obey their oaths of office .
I took an oath many times , an oath of office as a Marine lieutenant , as an official in the Defense Department , as an official in the State Department as a Foreign Service officer .
A number of times I took an oath of office which is the same oath of office taken by every member of Congress and every official in the United States and every officer in the armed services .
And that oath is not to a commander in chief , which is not [ even ] mentioned .
It is not to a Fuehrer .
It is not even to superior officers .
The oath is precisely to protect and uphold the Constitution of the United States .
Now that is an oath I violated every day for years in the Defense Department without realizing it when I kept my mouth shut when I knew the public was being lied into a war as they were lied into Iraq , as they are being lied into war in Iran .
I knew that I had the documents that proved it , and I did not put it out then .
I was not obeying my oath , which I eventually came to do .
I ’ve often said that Lt. Ehren Watada — who still faces trial for refusing to obey orders to deploy to Iraq which he correctly perceives to be an unconstitutional and aggressive war — is the single officer in the United States armed services who is taking seriously [ the matter of ] upholding his oath .
The president is clearly violating that oath , of course .
[ All the personnel ] under him who understand what is going on — and there are myriad — are violating their oaths .
And that ’s the standard that I think we should be asking of people .
On the Democratic side , on the political side , I think we should be demanding of our Democratic leaders in the House and Senate — and frankly of the Republicans — that it is not their highest single absolute priority to be reelected or to maintain a Democratic majority so that Pelosi can still be speaker of the House and Reid can be in the Senate , or to increase that majority .
I ’m not going to say that for politicians they should ignore that , or that they should do something else entirely , or that they should not worry about that .
Of course that will be and should be a major concern of theirs , but they ’re acting like it ’s their sole concern .
Which is business as usual .
“ We have a majority , let ’s not lose it , let ’s keep it .
Let ’s keep those chairmanships . ”
Exactly what have those chairmanships done for us to save the Constitution in the last couple of years ?
I am shocked by the Republicans today that I read [ about ] in The Washington Post who threatened a filibuster if we … get back habeas corpus .
The ruling out of habeas corpus with the help of the Democrats did not get us back to George the First it got us back to before King John 700 years ago in terms of counter - revolution .
I think we ’ve got to somehow get home to them [ in Congress ] that this is the time for them to uphold the oath , to preserve the Constitution , which is worth struggling for in part because it ’s only with the power that the Constitution gives Congress responding to the public , only with that can we protect the world from madmen in power in the White House who intend an attack on Iran .
And the current generation of American generals and others who realize that this will be a catastrophe have not shown themselves — they might be people who in their past lives risked their bodies and their lives in Vietnam or elsewhere , like [ Colin ]
Powell , and would not risk their career or their relations with the president to the slightest degree .
That has to change .
And it ’s the example of people like those up here who somehow brought home to our representatives that they as humans and as citizens have the power to do likewise and find in themselves the courage to protect this country and protect the world .
Thank you . ” ( Issue # 47 , November 19 , 2007 )
Freedom's Watch ... Watching Out for Who ?
Posted by wizeGurl ( 7670 views ) [ E - Mail link ]
There 's a new organization out there called " Freedom 's Watch . "
( Useful rule of thumb : if a law or an organization contains happy buzzwords -- freedom , patriot , America - - look very carefully to see if what they 're promoting is in any way related to those words .
" Clean Skies Initiative , " anyone ?
It does n't sound like a bill loosening the restrictions on air pollution , does it ?
So whose freedom is Freedom 's Watch watching ?
Only the freedom of those who agree with it , apparently .
The group , composed largely of Bush supporters and headed up by ex-White House Press Secretary Ari Fleischer , is running a series of ads urging citizens to support the Iraq War .
Now , there 's nothing wrong with that .
It 's called free speech , as long as the networks are equally willing to run ads urging citizens to discourage the Iraq War .
The problem is , they urge viewers to call Congress and tell them about the War in Iraq .
And they provide a phone number so people can do just that .
But when you call , they ask whether you support the war .
And if you do n't ... they wo n't put you through to your Congressman .
They 'll only do that if you support the war .
And the ad does n't say " call this number to tell Congress to support the war . "
It says to call the number to tell Congress how you feel about the war .
I do believe that 's what they call false advertising .
More info .
And if you want to call congress and express your opinion about the war in Iraq ... whether you 're for it or against it ... here 's a number that works for everyone .
( 202 ) 224-3121
Posted by jlove23 on 2007-08 - 27 11:08:55
Just lie , politicians do and your call to protest the war is on Freedom Watch 's dime .
Name : ( change name for anonymous posting ) Title : Comments : 1 Article displayed .
Georgia students defend right to express anti-gay opinions
An anti-gay marriage editorial in a Georgia high school newspaper which calls homosexuality a " reproductive error " has stirred up controversy , with the Atlanta Journal - Constitution reporting that some students said they were " shocked " and complained that " it could hurt people 's feelings . "
However , other students and representatives of the school defended the right of the paper to publish a variety of opinions .
" Everybody 's opinion 's going to offend somebody , " said one student .
" I mean , if that 's the case , then you can't publish anything . "
A school district spokesman explained that principals do not have a right to censor the paper and that " it would have to be something that was obscene or could cause a disruption at school or riot " before action could be taken .
The following video is from CNN.com , broadcast on October 3 , 2007 .
( click pic to make larger )
It 's way too early to say who assassinated Bhutto even though some reports are coming in , but her email is very interesting .
Mark Seigel --- a longtime friend and US spokesman , received this email and joined Blitzer to discuss it ...
Download Download
And as AmericaBlog says :
In terms of policy implications , this is reflective of a massive US foreign policy blunder , in that the Bush administration , in a monumentally stupid move , shoved Bhutto down the throat of Musharraf ( and the rest of Pakistan ) as a savior , despite her lack of broad popular support and general reputation as corrupt .
In making someone who did n't necessarily have the ability to deliver the savior for democracy in Pakistan , we simultaneously set up our own policy to fail and offered Musharraf a return to ( or continued ) total power in the event that our little power - sharing arrangement did n't work .
We also -- though not only us -- painted a big fat target on her back .
Really a debacle all the way around .
Christy has Bush 's response with no questions taken ...
Juan Cole has more ...
The Presidential candidates react to her death ...
John Edwards :
" Benazir Bhutto was a brave and historic leader for Pakistan .
Her assassination is a sad and solemn event , and our hearts go out to her family and to the Pakistani people .
But we will not let this contemptible , cowardly act delay the march of progress in Pakistan for a single second .
" I have seen firsthand in Pakistan , and in meetings with Prime Minister Bhutto and President Musharraf , the instability of the country and the complexity of the challenges they face .
At this critical moment , America must convey both strength and principle .
We should do everything in our power to help bring the perpetrators of this heinous act to justice and to ensure that Bhutto's movement toward democracy continues . "
Chris Dodd :
" Today 's news from Pakistan is both shocking and saddening .
As a member of the Foreign Relations Committee , I have had the opportunity to travel to Pakistan and come to know Former Prime Minister Bhutto very well over the years .
I spoke to her personally several weeks ago and have stayed in close contact with her since .
She was a respected leader who played an important part in moving Pakistan toward democracy .
" As we recognize the loss of a leader today , we must also recognize the implication of today 's tragedy to the security of the region and to that of the United States .
" At this critical time we must do everything in our power to help Pakistan continue the path toward democracy and full elections .
Our first priority must be to ensure stability in this critical nuclear state .
" The United States should also stand ready to provide assistance in investigating this heinous act .
And as Pakistan perpetrators to justice , it should also demonstrate that it will not allow such violence to derail democracy and proceed with elections in a timely manner . "
Mike Huckabee :
" I am deeply troubled by the news accounts this morning of Pakistani opposition leader and former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto 's assassination in a suicide attack .
This is devastating news for the people of Pakistan , and my prayers go out to them as we follow developments regarding this dire situation .
" The terrible violence surrounding Pakistan 's upcoming election stands in stark contrast to the peaceful transition of power that we embrace in our country through our Constitution .
On this sad day , we are reminded that while our democracy has flaws , it stands as a shining beacon of hope for nations and people around the world who seek peace and opportunity through self - government . "
Joe Biden :
" This is a terrible day .
My heart goes out to Benazir Bhutto 's family , friends and followers .
" Like her father before her , Benazir Bhutto worked her whole life – and gave her life – to help Pakistan become a democratic , secular and modern Muslim country .
She was a woman of extraordinary courage who returned to Pakistan in the face of death threats and even after an assassination attempt the day of her return , she did not flinch .
It was a privilege to know her these many years and to call her a friend .
" I am convinced Ms. Bhutto would have won free and fair elections next week .
The fact that she was by far Pakistan 's most popular leader underscores the fact that there is a vast , moderate majority in Pakistan that must have a clear voice in the system .
Her assassination makes it all the more urgent that Pakistan return to a democratic path .
" This fall , I twice urged President Musharraf to provide better security for Ms. Bhutto and other political leaders – I wrote him before her return and after the first assassination attempt in October .
The failure to protect Ms. Bhutto raises a lot of hard questions for the government and security services that must be answered .
" I know that Benazir 's followers will be tempted to lash out in anger and violence .
I urge them to remain calm – and not play into the hands of the forces of destruction .
I urge Pakistan 's leaders to open a fully accountable and transparent investigation .
We must find out who was behind this and bring those responsible to justice .
And the United States should offer any assistance necessary , including investigative teams , to get to the bottom of this horror .
" The way to honor Benazir Bhutto is to uphold the values for which she gave her life : democracy , moderation and social justice .
I join with the Pakistani people in mourning the loss of a dear friend . "
Bill Richardson :
" Benazir Bhutto was a courageous woman .
Her death , and the deaths of so many of her supporters , is more than just a tragedy .
It is a testament to the will of the Pakistani people to see democracy restored .
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of those who died today .
" Ms. Bhutto knew the dangers to her safety .
But she would not be intimidated .
We also must not be intimidated .
A leader has died , but democracy must live .
The United States government cannot stand by and allow Pakistan 's return to democracy to be derailed or delayed by violence .
We must use our diplomatic leverage and force the enemies of democracy to yield : President Bush should press Musharraf to step aside , and a broad - based coalition government , consisting of all the democratic parties , should be formed immediately .
Until this happens , we should suspend military aid to the Pakistani government .
Free and fair elections must also be held as soon as possible .
It is in the interests of the US that there be a democratic Pakistan that relentlessly hunts down terrorists .
Musharraf has failed , and his attempts to cling to power are destabilizing his country .
He must go . "
Hillary Clinton :
" I am profoundly saddened and outraged by the assassination of Benazir Bhutto , a leader of tremendous political and personal courage .
I came to know Mrs. Bhutto over many years , during her tenures as Prime Minister and during her years in exile .
Mrs. Bhutto's concern for her country , and her family , propelled her to risk her life on behalf of the Pakistani people .
She returned to Pakistan to fight for democracy despite threats and previous attempts on her life and now she has made the ultimate sacrifice .
Her death is a tragedy for her country and a terrible reminder of the work that remains to bring peace , stability , and hope to regions of the globe too often paralyzed by fear , hatred , and violence .
" Let us pray that her legacy will be a brighter , more hopeful future for the people she loved and the country she served .
My family and I extend my condolences and deepest sympathies to the victims and their families and to the people of Pakistan . "
John McCain :
" I was deeply saddened today to learn about the death of Pakistani opposition leader Benazir Bhutto .
My deepest condolences go out to the family and supporters of this remarkable woman , an individual who paid the ultimate price for her embrace of moderation and rejection of extremism .
" The death of Benazir Bhutto underscores yet again the grave dangers we face in the world today and particularly in countries like Pakistan , where the forces of moderation are arrayed in a fierce battle against those who embrace violent Islamic extremism .
" Given Pakistan 's strategic location , the international terrorist groups that operate from its soil , and its nuclear arsenal , the future of that country has deep implications for the security of the United States and its allies .
America must stand on the right side of this ongoing struggle .
" In my numerous visits to Pakistan - to Islamabad , to Peshawar , even to the tribal areas of Waziristan - I have seen first hand the many challenges that face the political leadership there , challenges so graphically portrayed by today 's tragedy .
There are , in Pakistan , brave individuals who seek to lead their country away from extremism and instability and into the light of a better day .
America , I believe , must do all we can to support them . "
Mitt Romney :
" We are still learning the details of today 's tragic events in Pakistan , but this is a stark reminder that America must not only stay on high alert , but remain actively engaged across the globe .
Pakistan has long been a key part in the war against extremism and radical jihadists .
For those who think Iraq is the sole front in the War on Terror , one must look no further than what has happened today .
America must show its commitment to stand with all moderate forces across the Islamic world and together face the defining challenge of our generation – the struggle against violent , radical jihadists .
" At this difficult time , our thoughts and prayers go to the family of Benazir Bhutto , and to all the people of Pakistan who are fighting against extremist forces that would commit such heinous acts as the whole world has witnessed today . "
Barack Obama :
" I am shocked and saddened by the death of Benazir Bhutto in this terrorist atrocity .
She was a respected and resilient advocate for the democratic aspirations of the Pakistani people .
We join with them in mourning her loss , and stand with them in their quest for democracy and against the terrorists who threaten the common security of the world , " said United States Senator Barack Obama .
Rudy Giuliani :
" The assassination of Benazir Bhutto is a tragic event for Pakistan and for democracy in Pakistan .
Her murderers must be brought to justice and Pakistan must continue the path back to democracy and the rule of law .
Her death is a reminder that terrorism anywhere — whether in New York , London , Tel Aviv or Rawalpindi — is an enemy of freedom .
We must redouble our efforts to win the Terrorists ' War on Us . "
Pelosi and Reid speak out also ...
AFP
THE bearded face — eyes staring defiantly to infinity , the long wavy hair beneath the beret stirred by the Caribbean breeze — has become one of the world 's most familiar images .
Alberto Korda 's photograph of Ernesto “ Che ” Guevara may be waved aloft by anti-globalisation protesters but it has spawned a global brand .
It has adorned cigarettes , ice cream and a bikini , and is tattooed on the bodies of footballers .
What explains the extraordinary appeal of Guevara , an Argentine who 40 years ago this week was captured and shot in Bolivia ( see article ) ?
Partly the consistency with which he followed his own injunction that “ the duty of the revolutionary is to make the revolution ” .
A frail asthmatic , he took up arms with Fidel Castro 's guerrillas in Cuba 's Sierra Maestra .
After their victory , Guevara would fight again in the Congo as well as Bolivia .
He fought dictators who were backed by the United States in the name of anti-communism when the cold war was at its hottest , and when Guevara 's cry to create “ two , three ... many Vietnams ” resonated on university campuses across the world .
His renewed popularity in recent years owes much to a revival of anti-Americanism .
But it is semiotics , more than politics , that leads teenagers ignorant of the Sierra Maestra to sport Che T - shirts .
Korda 's photograph established Guevara as a universal symbol of romantic rebellion .
It helps , too , that he died young , at 39 : as a member of the Cuban gerontocracy he would hardly have become the James Dean of world politics .
A second picture , that of the bedraggled guerrilla 's corpse , staring wide - eyed at the camera , provides another clue .
It resembles Andrea Mantegna 's portrait of the dead Christ .
It fixes Guevara as a modern saint , the man who risked his life twice in countries that were not his own before giving it in a third , and whose invocation of the “ new man ” , driven by moral rather than material incentives , smacked of St Ignatius Loyola more than Marx .
In Cuba , he is the patron saint : at school , every child must repeat each morning , “ We will be like Che . ”
His supposed relics are the object of official veneration .
In 1997 , when Cuba was reeling from the collapse of its Soviet ally , Mr Castro organised the excavation of Guevara 's skeleton in Bolivia and its reburial in a mausoleum in Cuba .
Except that in the tradition of medieval saints , it probably is n't his body at all , according to research by Bertrand de la Grange , a French journalist .
The wider the cult spreads , the further it strays from the man .
Rather than a Christian romantic , Guevara was a ruthless and dogmatic Marxist , who stood not for liberation but for a new tyranny .
In the Sierra Maestra , he shot those suspected of treachery ; in victory , Mr Castro placed him in charge of the firing squads that executed “ counter - revolutionaries ” ; as minister of industries , Guevara advocated expropriation down to the last farm and shop .
His exhortation to guerrilla warfare , irrespective of political circumstance , lured thousands of idealistic Latin Americans to their deaths , helped to create brutal dictatorships and delayed the achievement of democracy .
Sadly , Guevara 's example is invoked not just by teenagers but by some Latin American governments .
In Venezuela , Hugo Chávez wants to create the guevarista “ new man ” ( see article ) , just when Cuba is having second thoughts .
As Jorge Castañeda , one of Guevara 's biographers , notes , Che 's lingering influence has retarded the emergence of a modern , democratic left in parts of Latin America .
Sadly , most of those who buy the T - shirt neither know nor care .
The official source of information about GWT .
“ These American values , this great moral heritage , is shared and lived in my religion as it is in yours , ” he said in his speech on faith .
“ I was taught in my home to honor God and love my neighbor .
I saw my father march with Martin Luther King . ”
Did he , though ?
As we know , Mitt ’s memory is sometimes … selective , although it ’s easy to understand forgetting one campaign event in a million .
Hallucinating about watching your pops marching with an American icon during the heart of the civil rights movement , though ?
Not so much , not so much .
Berschback also believes that George Romney never appeared at a protest , march , or rally in Grosse Pointe .
“ We ’re a small town , ” she says .
“ Governors do n’t come here very often , except for fundraisers . ”
But that account is incorrect .
King never marched in Grosse Pointe , according to the Grosse Pointe Historical Society , and had not appeared in the town at all at the time the Broder book was published .
“ I ’m quite certain of that , ” says Suzy Berschback , curator of the Grosse Pointe Historical Society .
( Border was not immediately available for comment . )
Broder , in that column , references a 1967 book he co-authored on the Republican Party , which included a chapter on George Romney .
It includes a one - line statement that the senior Romney “ has marched with Martin Luther King through the exclusive Grosse Pointe suburb of Detroit . ”
Asked about the specifics of George Romney ’s march with MLK , Mitt Romney ’s campaign told the Phoenix that it took place in Grosse Pointe , Michigan .
That jibes with the description proffered by David S. Broder in a Washington Post column written days after Mitt ’s College Station speech .
I ’m inclined to believe Romney just because he ’s nowhere near stupid enough to try to pass off a gratuitous lie like this ( I think ) .
But I do n’t mind telling you I spent a good ten minutes last night trying to convince myself that I could , in good conscience , support McCain .
It did n’t work — too much amnesty — but catch me in a month and ask me again .
Update :
Here ’s a fact sheet being circulated by Romney ’s campaign .
There ’s little question George Romney was sympathetic to the civil rights movement and publicly known to be so .
There ’s also little question , it seems , that he never did actually march alongside MLK ( although he marched at events sponsored by him ) .
GOV .
GEORGE ROMNEY AND DR .
MARTIN LUTHER KING JR .
FACT : In The Summer Of 1963 , Governor Romney Participated In Martin Luther King Jr. ’s “ Freedom Marches ” In Grosse Pointe , Michigan .
In 1963 , George Romney Gave The Keynote Address At The Conference That Sparked The Martin Luther King “ Freedom Marches ” In Detroit .
“ The establishment of these human relations groups came in the wake of several major events ( besides the embarrassing racist practices of such suburbs as Dearborn ) , which took place in 1963 and helped galvanize interracial support and cooperation for integrated housing .
The first event was the Metropolitan Conference on Open Occupancy held in Detroit in January 1963 .
The second event was the Martin Luther King ‘ Freedom ’ March in June of the same year , the spinoffs of which were several Detroit NAACP - sponsored interracial marches into Detroit suburbs to dramatize the need for black housing .
…
Governor George Romney gave the keynote speech at this conference , in which he pledged to use the power of the state to achieve housing equality in Michigan . ” ( Joe T. Darden , Detroit , Race And Uneven Development , 1987 , p. 132 )
Governor Romney Marched In July 1963 In An NAACP - Sponsored March Through Grosse Pointe .
“ The next couple of NAACP marches into the suburbs were more pleasant .
Both Grosse Pointe and Royal Oak Township welcomed the interracial marchers .
Close to 500 black and white marchers , including many Grosse Pointers , marched in ‘ the Pointes ’ that July .
Governor George Romney made a surprise appearance in his shirt sleeves and joined the parade leaders . ” ( Joe T. Darden , Detroit , Race And Uneven Development , 1987 , p. 132 )
· Detroit Free Press : “ With Gov. Romney a surprise arrival and marching in the front row , more than 500 Negroes and whites staged a peaceful antidiscrimination parade up Grosse Pointe ’s Kercheval Avenue Saturday . … ‘ the elimination of human inequalities and injustices is our urgent and critical domestic problem , ’ the governor said .
… [ Detroit NAACP President Edward M. ]
Turner told reporters , ‘ I think it is very significant that Governor Romney is here .
We are very surprised . ’
Romney said , ‘ If they want me to lead the parade , I ’ll be glad to . ' ”
( “ Romney Joins Protest March Of 500 In Grosse Pointe , ” Detroit Free Press , 6/29/63 )
· In Their 1967 Book , Stephen Hess And David Broder Wrote That George Romney “ Marched With Martin Luther King Through The Exclusive Grosse Point Suburb Of Detroit . ”
“ He has marched with Martin Luther King through the exclusive Grosse Pointe suburb of Detroit and he is on record in support of full - coverage Federal open - housing legislation . ”
( Stephen Hess And David Broder , The Republican Establishment : The Present And Future Of The G.O.P. , 1967 , p. 107 )
FACT : As Governor Of Michigan , George Romney Fought For Civil Rights And Marched In Support Of Martin Luther King Jr .
George Romney Was A Strong Proponent Of Civil Rights And Created Michigan ’s First Civil Rights Commission .
“ The governor ’s record was one of supporting civil rights .
He helped create the state ’s first civil rights commission and marched at the head of a protest parade in Detroit days after violence against civil rights marchers in Selma , Ala. , in 1965 . ” ( Todd Sprangler , “ Romney Fields Questions On King , ” Detroit Free Press , 12/20/07 )
In 1967 , George Romney Was Praised At A National Civil Rights Rally For His Leadership .
“ Michigan Gov. George Romney walked into a Negro Civil Rights rally in the heart of Atlanta to the chants of ‘ We Want Romney ’ and to hear protests from Negroes about city schools .
‘ They had invited me to come and I was interested in hearing things that would give me an insight into Atlanta , ’ the Michigan Republican said .
Led by Hosea Williams , a top aide to Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. , the all - Negro rally broke into shouts and song when Romney arrived .
‘ We ’re tired of Lyndon Baines Johnson , ’ Williams said from a pulpit in the Flipper Temple AME Church as Romney sat in a front row pew .
‘ Johnson is sending black boys to Vietnam to die for a freedom that never existed , ’ Williams said .
Pointing to Romney , Williams brought the crowd of 200 to its feet when he said , ‘ He may be the fella with a little backbone . ’
Williams said Romney could be ‘ the next President if he acts right . ’
The potential GOP presidential nominee left the rally before it ended . ”
( “ Romney Praised At Civil Rights Rally In Atlanta , ” The Chicago Defender , 9/30/67 )
George Romney Fought Discrimination
In Housing .
“ President Nixon tapped then Governor of Michigan , George Romney , for the post of Secretary of Housing and Urban Development .
While serving as Governor , Secretary Romney had successfully campaigned for ratification of a state constitutional provision that prohibited discrimination in housing . ”
( U.S. Department Of Housing And Urban Development Official Web Site , www.hud.gov, Accessed 12/19/07 )
FACT : In 1965 , George Romney Led A March In Michigan To Protest Selma .
In 1965 , George Romney Led A Protest Parade Of Some 10,000 People In Detroit .
“ Rarely has public opinion reacted so spontaneously and with such fury .
In Detroit , Mayor Jerome Cavanaugh and Michigan ’s Governor George Romney led a protest parade of 10,000 people . ”
( “ Civil Rights – The Central Point , ” Time Magazine , www.time.com, 10/5/83 )
· The Days Of Martin Luther King , Jr. : “ In Detroit , Governor George Romney and Mayor Jerome Cavanaugh called for a march to protest what had happened in Selma . ” ( Jim Bishop , The Days Of Martin Luther King , Jr. , 1971 , p. 385 )
FACT : Martin Luther King Jr. “ Spoke Positively ” About The Possible Presidential Candidacy Of George Romney .
In His Pulitzer - Prize Winning Biography Of Dr. King , David Garrow Notes That King “ Spoke Positively ” About The Possible Presidential Candidacy Of George Romney .
“ King spoke positively about the possible candidacies of republicans George Romney , Charles Percy , and Nelson Rockefeller .
He also stressed the need for greater Afro-American unity , including reaching out to segments of the black community that were not committed to nonviolence . ”
( David J. Garrow , Bearing the Cross : Martin Luther King , Jr. , and the Southern Christian Leadership Conference , 2006 , p. 575 )
FACT : George Romney Attended King ’s Funeral In 1968 .
George Romney Attended King ’s Funeral
In 1968 .
“ Vice President Hubert Humphrey represented the White House .
Senator and Mrs. Robert F. Kennedy ; Mrs. John F. Kennedy ; Governor and Mrs. Nelson Rockefeller of New York ; the mayor of New York City , John V Lindsay ; and Michigan ’s governor , George Romney , were present . ” ( Octavia Vivian , Coretta : The Story of Coretta Scott King , 2006 , p. 99 )
· George Romney Joined Other Prominent Americans In Attending King ’s Funeral .
“ Inside was the greatest galaxy of prominent national figures there had ever been in Atlanta at one time : Robert Kennedy , George Romney , Mayor Carl Stokes of Cleveland , Nixon , Rockefeller , Harry Belafonte , and an endless array of others equally as famous .
Coretta Scott King , sitting with her family front and center in front of the casket , looked lovely and courageous and dignified in a black mourning veil . ”
( Franklin Miller Garrett , Atlanta and Environs : A Chronicle of Its People and Events , 1987 , p. 517 )
· After King ’s Assassination , George Romney Declared An Official Period Of Mourning , Ordered All Flags To Be Flown At Half Staff And Said King ’s Death Was “ A Great National Tragedy . ”
“ On April 4 , 1968 , Martin Luther King Jr. was assassinated as he stood on a motel balcony in Memphis , Tenn. , where he had gone to lead a civil rights march .
The following day , Michigan Gov. George Romney declared an official period of mourning for King .
The period extended through King ’s funeral .
Romney ordered all flags on public buildings to be flown at half staff and asked that the same be done on private buildings .
Gov. Romney , in an official statement , said : “ The assassination of Martin Luther King is a great national tragedy .
At a time when we need aggressive nonviolent leadership to peacefully achieve equal rights , equal opportunities and equal responsibilities for all , his leadership will be grievously missed . ”
( “ Rearview Mirror : Detroit Reacts To King ’s Assassination , ” The Detroit News , 4/4/07 )
Huckabee warns Iranian sailors : ' The next thing you will see is the gates of Hell ' RAW STORY
Published : Friday January 11 , 2008
del.icio.us |
Print This Email This Iran dominated the Republican debate last night in South Carolina , where presidential candidate Mike Huckabee went so far as to warn Iranian sailors to be prepared to face " the gates of Hell . "
Asked whether American officers made the right decision not to attack Iranian ships after receiving what they thought were threats from the boats , Huckabee said : " Be prepared , first , to put your sights on the American vessel .
And then be prepared that the next thing you see will be the gates of Hell , because that is exactly what you will see after that . "
" I think one more step and they would have been introduced to those virgins that they 're looking forward to seeing , " added flagging candidate and onetime Law and Order star Fred Thompson .
According to the London Times , " The crowd cheered , " even though Thompson had apparently confused Iranian sailors with Al Qaeda terrorists .
After loudly announcing that five Iranian Revolutionary Guard ships had threatened US naval vessels , the Pentagon revealed Thursday that the apparent radio threat may not have even come from Iranian ships at all .
" The Pentagon said yesterday that the apparent radio threat to bomb U.S. warships in the Persian Gulf last weekend may not have come from the five Iranian Revolutionary Guard speedboats that approached them -- and may not even have been intended against U.S. targets , " the Washington Post reported Friday .
" The communication Sunday was made on radio channel 16 , a common marine frequency used by ships and others in the region .
' It could have been a threat aimed at some other nation or a myriad of other things , ' said Rear Adm.
Frank Thorp IV , a spokesman for the Navy . "
Waiters will pick up an inverted glass with their thumb pointing down if they plan to pour water into the glass .
Grabbing thumb - down may feel awkward at first but it allows the waiter to be more comfortable when the glass is turned over and water poured inside .
The way human adults grasp objects is typically influenced more by their knowledge of what they intend to do with the objects than the objects ' immediate appearance .
We perform these tasks , and even tasks like grabbing a pencil , without thinking , but the motor planning necessary to grasp an object is quite complex .
Psychologists call this the “ end - state comfort effect , ” when we adopt initially unusual , and perhaps uncomfortable , postures to make it easier to actually use an object .
Tamarin grasping the stem of a plastic champagne glass to pull the glass from the apparatus in order to extract a marshmallow stuck inside the glass .
In ( a ) , the monkey exhibits the thumb - up grasp orientation , and in ( b ) , the monkey exhibits the thumb - down grasp orientation .
Credit : Dan Weiss
Does this occur because motor planning abilities were crucial in facilitating the evolution of complex tool use in humans ?
If so , then is this something that other animals , non - tool users , would also try to do .
Pennsylvania State University psychologists , Dan Weiss , Jason Wark , and David Rosenbaum decided to see if cotton - top tamarins ( non-tool users ) would show the end - state comfort effect .
In the first experiment , Weiss and colleagues presented the monkeys with a small cup containing a marshmallow .
The cup was either suspended upright or upside down .
Would these monkeys , a non -tool using species , adopt an unusual grasping pattern while removing the cup from the apparatus to retrieve the marshmallow ?
The results in the December issue of Psychological Science are fascinating .
The monkeys grabbed the inverted cup with their thumb pointing down , thereby behaving much like human adults .
In the second experiment , the monkeys were confronted with a new handle shape and still displayed grasps that were consistent with end - state comfort .
This research is the first to provide evidence for more sophisticated motor planning than has previously been attributed to a nonhuman species .
The authors suggest that formulating relatively long - term motor plans is a necessary but not sufficient condition for tool use .
“ Our results may be taken to suggest that the reason tamarins do n’t use tools in the wild is not that they lack the ability to plan ahead , but rather that the scope of their planning is limited , ” say the researchers .
This Fourth of July , as you gather with family to celebrate U.S. independence , let your older brother light the grill .
If you 're the youngest , you just might be so dumb that you set yourself on fire .
According to a new study from Norway , published in the journals Science and Intelligence , oldest siblings have the highest IQ .
The eldest sons had , on average , an IQ that was 2.8 points higher than the next oldest son and more than 4 points higher than the third son .
The study could very well be pertinent to your life if you were socialized in Norway ( population 4.6 million ) or believe that intelligence can be measured so accurately .
Nurture trumps nature , again
The news that hit the wires last week , captured in many headlines , was that older siblings are smarter .
President Bush is the oldest among his siblings , which either bolsters or destroys this theory , depending on your opinion .
But this is the wrong message .
The study was n't about who 's smarter but rather how one develops this concept we call intelligence .
The study examined records of more than 240,000 18 - and 19 - year - old males enlisted for compulsory military service in Norway .
This large data set contained excellent information about sibling configuration , family educational background and , of course , IQ .
This enabled the researchers — Petter Kristensen of the Norwegian National Institute of Occupational Health and Tor Bjerkedal of the Norwegian Armed Forces Medical Services — to generate a statistically powerful result while avoiding biases and confounding factors that have plagued numerous earlier studies on birth order and intelligence .
Their key finding , as reported in the journal Science , is that " the relation between birth order and IQ score is dependent on the social rank in the family and not birth order as such . "
That is , this is really about nurture trumping nature .
The researchers found that second - born sons whose elder brothers had died early in life had the same IQ has the eldest - son subjects in this study .
It was the responsibility of being the oldest , or de facto oldest , that raised the IQ score , not some biological magic in the mother 's womb — in Norway , anyway .
Culture of intelligence
My being the youngest among four siblings and thus , potentially , many IQ points below my eldest sibling , I was particularly interested in this Norwegian study .
As many of my readers let me know weekly , I am an idiot .
And indeed , a chicken once beat me in tic-tac - toe in Atlantic City , although I 'm convinced she cheated .
But America is different from Norway .
Aside from its largely homogenous population , Norway , like much of the Old World , has an underlying culture of primogeniture , where the eldest son is expected to inherit the family estate or , at a minimum , take on social responsibilities such as elderly parental care .
Eldest sons in Norway are raised differently compared to younger children .
Given that the Norwegian study points to the nurture of the eldest , not the nature , the results have little implication for sibling order and IQ in American culture .
Even within cultures , families are different .
Sometimes the eldest must work as a teenager after the death of a parent while the younger children go to school , which was the case in my family a generation ago .
Me smart
But what is IQ , really ?
One of the most lamebrained individuals I ever met , chronically unemployed , is a member of Mensa , the largest and oldest high - IQ society .
He has trouble making iced tea .
IQ tests are rather good at predicting academic achievement .
Although these tests are controversial , many scientists agree that IQ is an assessment of a set of abilities such as memory , language , math and spatial visualization .
Collectively we call these abilities intelligent .
And these abilities can be muted by exposure to lead , poor nutrition , violence , or other insults to the body and mind .
Maybe you can safely say that a person with 140 IQ is " smarter " than someone with a 94 IQ .
The Norwegian study found the average IQ of eldest sons to be 103.2 ; the average IQ of second sons was 100.4 .
To say that the eldest is smarter than the younger based on 2.8 IQ points is a stretch .
The IQ test fails to measure many characteristics of intelligence , such as creativity or the ability to make a fine wooden cabinet .
Those with lower IQs can easily outperform higher - IQ individuals in numerous , respectable tasks .
As the late paleontologist Stephen Jay Gould wrote in his book " The Mismeasure of Man , " the biological origin of talents is dispersed throughout the brain .
Until we understand the brain much better , we can not so casually assign the title " smarter " to anyone .
That said , Gould was sure smarter than me .
Christopher Wanjek is the author of the books “ Bad Medicine ” and “ Food At Work . ”
Got a question about Bad Medicine ?
Email Wanjek .
If it ’s really bad , he just might answer it in a future column .
Bad Medicine appears each Tuesday on LiveScience .
Mainstream Media and Science : Climate Change , 1995 - 2004
[ source ]
Thus , by way of the institutionalized journalistic norm of balanced reporting , United States television news coverage has perpetrated an informational bias by significantly diverging from the consensus view in climate science that humans contribute to climate change .
Troubles in translating this consensus in climate science have led to the appearance of amplified uncertainty and debate , also then permeating public and policy discourse .
The above quote was taken from the abstract of an interesting paper recently published in Climatic Change ( Boykoff , 2008 ; subscription required ) , which arguably deals with ASIC 200 related material : the influence of popular media on the perception of science among the general public .
Briefly put , there exists a problem in science journalism – not for journalism , but rather for the science being reported on – and that is balanced reporting .
A fundamental ingredient in ethical reporting is objectivity , and integral to this is balancing opposing points of view for any controversial event , idea , etc. .
For example , if someone worth reporting on ( sarcasm ) happens to say something to the effect of , “ Abortion / Gay marriage / Equal rights / Stem cell research / Genetic engineering / etc. is right / wrong because of reasons x , y , and z ” then a good reporter will counter x , y , and z with the appropriate opposing arguments .
However , what appears to have plagued the global warming ( pseudo - ) debate in the mainstream media is the supposed conflicting viewpoint of “ 100 ’s of scientists ” and that of a consensus that “ begs to be placated ” .
Indeed , as Boykoff puts …
[ …] a 2004 study found that of 928 journal articles on global climate change that were published in peer - reviewed scientific journals between 1993 and 2003 , none refuted the consensus position that humans contribute to climate change .
Thus , IPCC findings and reports effectively articulate a dominant and legitimate global environmental management discourse .
What did Boykoff find ?
These analyses showed that 70 % of U.S. television news segments across the four networks [ CBS , ABC , NBC , and CNN ] have provided ‘ balanced ’ coverage regarding anthropogenic contributions to climate change vis-a - vis natural radiative forcing over the study period of 1995 through 2004 .
On each network , analyses demonstrated that coverage was significantly different from the consensus view in the climate science community regarding human contributions to climate change .
However , “ natural irradiative forcing ” has arguably been thoroughly ‘ debunked ’ as the cause for modern warming ( for more on the science , see these articles at RealClimate – this , this , this , this , and this – written by practicing climate scientists ) .
“ So what ! ” you might be thinking , “ I know what ’s going on , its a conspiracy / the truth / nothing to worry about / worth changing the way I live / yea , whatev’s ! ”
Well , mainstream media plays a very important role in shaping public discourse on scientific matters .
Indeed , most adults ( especially those less than net - savy users ) acquire their knowledge of science and technology from television ( although the internet comes in a close second , and exceeds 50 % when specific topics are being actively investigated ; source - NSF ) .
Reference : Boykoff , M.T. Lost in translation ?
United States television news coverage of anthropogenic climate change , 1995 - 2004 .
Climatic Change 86 : 1-11 .
It may be storming outside , but I 'm definitely feeling sunshine breaking through some neo-con clouds ..
Two conservative
Time magazine columnists are on their way out the door : Neither William Kristol nor longtime contributor Charles Krauthammer will be on contract with the magazine starting next month .
Mr. Krauthammer confirmed the news to Off the Record , and a spokeswoman for Time said Mr. Kristol 's contract would not be renewed .
The exact reasons for the departures of Mr. Krauthammer and Mr. Kristol , both high - profile backers of the Iraq war , are not entirely clear .
But sadly , we 're not completely rid of rightwing hackery at Time :
WASHINGTON  Representative James E. Clyburn of South Carolina , the highest - ranking African - American in Congress , said he was rethinking his neutral stance in his state ’s presidential primary out of disappointment at comments by Bill and Hillary Rodham Clinton that he saw as diminishing the historic role of civil rights activists .
Mr. Clyburn , a veteran of the civil rights movement and a power in state Democratic politics , put himself on the sidelines more than a year ago to help secure an early primary for South Carolina , saying he wanted to encourage all candidates to take part .
But he said recent remarks by the Clintons that he saw as distorting civil rights history could change his mind .
“ We have to be very , very careful about how we speak about that era in American politics , ” said Mr. Clyburn , who was shaped by his searing experiences as a youth in the segregated South and his own activism in those days .
“ It is one thing to run a campaign and be respectful of everyone ’s motives and actions , and it is something else to denigrate those .
That bothered me a great deal . ”
In an interview with Fox News on Monday , Mrs. Clinton , who was locked in a running exchange with Senator Barack Obama , a rival for the Democratic presidential nomination , over the meaning of the legacies of President John F. Kennedy and the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. , tried to make a point about presidential leadership .
The august journal , Science , announced today that they 've found a new editor - in - chief after an extended search .
University of California at San Francisco biochemist , Bruce Alberts , pictured at right , will assume the top spot in March 2008 .
Alberts will replace Donald Kennedy , who has held the top editorial spot at since June of 2000 .
To gain some insight into the direction Alberts might take the journal , we went back to an interview he gave Science deputy news editor , Jeffrey Mervis , back in 2005 after stepping down as head of the US National Academy of Sciences .
I even paid $ 10 for it , which reminded me how bizarre it is that open - access is not a standard practice for these journals .
Is Alberts going to change that ?
The short answer is , " Do n't bet on it . "
As he told Mervis , on the topic of open access :
I think that the community should push for access to scientific information as quickly as possible .
We tried [ with the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ]
to see how short we could make it .
We actually tried only a 2 - month delay .
But the next year a number of librarians told us that they would wait the 2 months and not subscribe , saving the money for other journals .
And so with regrets , our publication committee decided to let it slip to 6 months .... for scientists in the countries that can afford it –U.S. and Europe and Japan–we ask them to pay .
Also germane to science publishing , Alberts spoke about wanting a way for mentor - scientists to get credit for their contributions without putting their names on younger scientists ' papers .
This seems like an area where he could spur innovation from his new position / soapbox .
We can't maintain an innovative system unless the old scientists become mentors and make way for the next generation .
How do
I get credit for this ?
I was president of the academy , so I do n't need the credit .
The worse way is to put your name on their paper .
But why can't there be a second way , that also goes into the database , for people who really helped make things happen ?
How would you like to see Science change with a new man at the helm ?
Hoover ’s plan was declassified Friday as part of a collection of cold - war documents concerning intelligence issues from 1950 to 1955 .
The collection makes up a new volume of “ The Foreign Relations of the United States , ” a series that by law has been published continuously by the State Department since the Civil War .
Hoover ’s plan called for “ the permanent detention ” of the roughly 12,000 suspects at military bases as well as in federal prisons .
The F.B.I. , he said , had found that the arrests it proposed in New York and California would cause the prisons there to overflow .
So the bureau had arranged for “ detention in military facilities of the individuals apprehended ” in those states , he wrote .
The prisoners eventually would have had a right to a hearing under the Hoover plan .
The hearing board would have been a panel made up of one judge and two citizens .
But the hearings “ will not be bound by the rules of evidence , ” his letter noted .
The only modern precedent for Hoover ’s plan was the Palmer Raids of 1920 , named after the attorney general at the time .
The raids , executed in large part by Hoover ’s intelligence division , swept up thousands of people suspected of being communists and radicals .
Previously declassified documents show that the F.B.I. ’s “ security index ” of suspect Americans predated the cold war .
In March 1946 , Hoover sought the authority to detain Americans “ who might be dangerous ” if the United States went to war .
In August 1948 , Attorney General Tom Clark gave the F.B.I. the power to make a master list of such people .
Hoover ’s July 1950 letter was addressed to Sidney W. Souers , who had served as the first director of central intelligence and was then a special national - security assistant to Truman .
The plan also was sent to the executive secretary of the National Security Council , whose members were the president , the secretary of defense , the secretary of state and the military chiefs .
In September 1950 , President Truman vetoed as unconstitutional a law authorizing the detention of “ dangerous radicals ” if the president declared a national emergency , but Congress voted overwhelmingly to override his veto and approve it .
Truman did declare such an emergency in December 1950 , after China entered the Korean War .
But no known evidence suggests he or any other president approved any part of Hoover ’s proposal .
Paparazzi Say Britney Spears Photos are All Staged
" Britney is in on it .
She calls the paparazzi before she goes out .
We know 15 minutes before she leaves her house .
It is all staged . "
This is not the first time that we have heard accusations thatand other celebrities tip off the paparazzi when they leave their homes .
One of the top celebrity snappers on the streets , had lots to say about the current state of Miss Spears .
Just recently Britney had four photographers arrested and Silva said that Spears felt bad and sent them text messages saying she tried to get the police not to charge them .
Here 's a thought .
If you are going to stage something , make it good .
We are sick of seeing you go to the gas station .
How about doing some charity work or going to the salon like most celebrities do .
HORRIFIED U.S. allies are investigating secret CIA prisons that have been operating on European Union territory .
Dick Cheney is being called “ vice president for torture , ” and cartoons depict him wielding thumbscrews and the rack .
In political commentaries , the Bush administration is skewered for hypocrisy as it insists that “ we do n’t torture ” while fighting to preserve its right to do so .
Still , the administration will not yield on its demand that U.S. intelligence officials must be given the right to use cruel , inhumane and degrading methods on terrorism suspects .
The administration must believe something vital is at stake to withstand the public reprobation -- and political damage -- its position is creating .
At bottom , this is about executive power :
The administration insists that in fighting the “ global war on terror , ” it can accept no limits on the powers of the commander in chief .
In staking out such a position on torture , President Bush has moved far from the mainstream of his own party .
On one side are Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona and 89 other senators , a majority of the Republican - controlled House of Representatives , former Joint Chiefs chairmen Colin Powell and John Shalikashvili and more than two dozen other retired senior military leaders .
All insist that the moral standing of the United States and the safety of its troops demand an unequivocal rejection of torture and other abuse of prisoners in our custody .
On the other side is the White House .
Advertisement
The president says all prisoners will be treated humanely .
But the world is not reassured .
Maybe that ’s because his administration is fighting McCain ’s anti-torture legislation tooth and nail , even threatening to veto the $ 453 - billion defense appropriations bill that would fund combat operations in Iraq , just to kill McCain ’s amendment .
The president ’s actions speak louder than his words .
Why is the White House opposing McCain ’s amendment with such vehemence ?
For months , administration officials have insisted that , in some cases , interrogators need cruel tactics to elicit vital information that would protect American lives .
They assert that the government has obtained such information using these techniques , but they have never come forward with details to substantiate the claim .
In contrast , numerous CIA , FBI and military interrogators insist that they neither want nor need such authority .
Even John Negroponte , director of national intelligence , recently declined to support the vice president ’s claim that harsh tactics produce actionable intelligence .
As one veteran interrogator said , “ The only thing torture guarantees is pain -- and sometimes death . ”
Of the more than 80 deaths of detainees in U.S. custody , the Pentagon has classified 27 as criminal homicides .
At least seven of those people were tortured to death .
And dead men do n’t talk .
So if cruelty and abuse are not the key to unlocking the secrets enemy prisoners hold , why the pitched battle against McCain ?
Advertisement
The answer is executive power .
Since 9/11 , the administration has claimed sweeping authority for the president to fight terrorism , and has vigorously opposed any challenge by either Congress or the courts to the powers of the commander in chief in wartime .
The McCain fight is the latest chapter in this four - year struggle , which tests the fundamental principle of separation of powers .
A victory for the McCain amendment will help reaffirm an essential part of our constitutional system -- securing checks and balances over the executive branch .
As passage of the McCain amendment appears more likely , the White House is now lobbying to shield from liability CIA agents who may have already abused prisoners in interrogation
This concern for covert operatives is in sharp contrast to the long prison terms low - ranking soldiers are now serving for similar abuses .
But these soldiers , whose actions are governed by military law , were not given advance approval to engage in the abuse .
The CIA apparently was .
In its war on terror , the administration has sought to portray certain people as somehow beneath the law and therefore unworthy of humane treatment .
Now Congress is finally taking a closer look at the administration ’s claim that some are above the law .
Let ’s hope Congress holds its ground .
Nothing less than the country ’s founding principles are at stake .
Time is running out for the torture lobby .
The question , as McCain puts it , of “ who we are ” will likely be decided in the coming weeks .
Are we a people who reject the inhumanity depicted in the Abu Ghraib photos and many more serious cases of abuse that cameras did n’t capture ?
Or are we -- as Cheney says we must be -- willing to go to the “ dark side ” to fight terrorism ?
Advertisement
The question is a momentous one .
Our answer will not only define the national character for years to come but will affect -- in ways we may not yet fully understand -- our ability to defeat the terrorist enemy who has precipitated this moral crisis .
H.J.Res. 46 ( 110th ) was a joint resolution in the United States Congress .
A joint resolution is often used in the same manner as a bill .
If passed by both the House and Senate in identical form and signed by the President , it becomes a law .
Joint resolutions are also used to propose amendments to the Constitution .
Resolutions numbers restart every two years .
That means there are other resolutions with the number H.J. Res. 46 .
This is the one from the 110th Congress .
This joint resolution was introduced in the 110th Congress , which met from Jan 4 , 2007 to Jan 3 , 2009 .
Legislation not enacted by the end of a Congress is cleared from the books .
How to cite this information .
We recommend the following MLA - formatted citation when using the information you see here in academic work :
GovTrack.us. ( 2020 ) .
H.J. Res. 46 — 110th Congress : Proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to deny United States citizenship ...
Retrieved from https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/110/hjres46
“ H.J. Res. 46 — 110th Congress : Proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to deny United States citizenship ... ” www.GovTrack.us.
2007 .
September 29 , 2020 < https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/110/hjres46>
Proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to deny United States citizenship to individuals born in the United States to parents who are neither United States citizens nor persons who owe permanent allegiance to the United States , H.R.J. Res. 46 , 110th Cong. ( 2007 ) .
{{cite web
|url=https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/110/hjres46
|title=H.J.Res. 46 ( 110th )
|accessdate =September 29 , 2020
|author=110th Congress ( 2007 )
|date=June 13 , 2007
|work=Legislation
|publisher=GovTrack.us
|quote =Proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to deny United States citizenship ...
}} show another citation format :
MLA
APA
Blue Book
Wikipedia Template
Where is this information from ?
GovTrack automatically collects legislative information from a variety of governmental and non-governmental sources .
This page is sourced primarily from Congress.gov , the official portal of the United States Congress .
Congress.gov is generally updated one day after events occur , and so legislative activity shown here may be one day behind .
Data via the congress project .
Attention , good care and all the time needed were spent so that the little cub would grow healthy and beautiful …
In a week , he is already acting as a ” big ” and powerful animal , sniffing around …
At 25 days , the cub begins to look as a panda … the specific black spots have already appeared but he ’s still blind …
After 30 days , the cub looks like a little pig ..
In a couple more days , we have a brand new panda cub able to eat and start to play by his own .
When he ’s 85 days old , no one knows what he ’s up to… .
But he still is somehow funny and he sleeps just like a human baby …
Let ’s blow the candle , the cub has reached 3 months old ….
Mammals evolve the same way as humans do and still , some people could n’t care less about them , about the environment and about living a healthy life …
The British artist Banksy has painted new murals on the West Bank barrier which runs beside Bethlehem .
The artist 's work famously takes an ironic look at politics .
Here , in the town of Jesus 's birth , an Israeli soldier examines the ID card of the Christmas donkey .
A rat is considered the artist 's trademark .
Here one of the animals stands close to an Israeli checkpoint with a slingshot , symbol of Palestinian resistance .
The artist - who does not give interviews - said through his PR spokeswoman that he hoped the art would " attract tourists to Bethlehem " .
The murals are part of an exhibition in Bethlehem opening on Monday .
Several other international and Palestinian artists are taking part .
This Banksy exhibit has sparked controversy .
This wounded cherub work has been mistakenly identified as Jesus by some , despite denials by Banksy 's PR people .
This installation is by local Palestinian artist Trash , expressing the frustrations of Palestinians about the barrier .
Banksy first used the West Bank barrier as his canvas in 2005 .
Israel says the structure is a security measure but Palestinians condemn it as a land grab .
Back 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next
E-mail this to a friend Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Download Download ( h/t Scarce )
About a month ago , the Huffington Post ’s Tom Edsall reported that Hillary Clinton ’s presidential campaign may be subtly , quietly targeting Barack Obama over his teenaged drug use .
Ridiculous , said the Clinton campaign , who insisted Edsall ’s report was baseless .
Shortly thereafter , Billy Shaheen , the then - co- chairman of Clinton ’s campaign in New Hampshire , went after Obama on the issue , and publicly questioned whether Obama may have been a drug dealer .
The Clinton campaign , to its credit , quickly forced Shaheen to step down from his post .
And yet , yesterday , another high - profile Clinton surrogate picked up where Shaheen left off .
Robert L. Johnson , the founder of Black Entertainment Television , who is campaigning today in South Carolina with Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton , just made a suggestion that raised the specter of Barack Obama ’s past drug use .
He also compared Mr. Obama to Sidney Poitier , the black actor , in “ Guess Who ’s Coming to Dinner . ” [… ]
“ And to me , as an African - American , I am frankly insulted that the Obama campaign would imply that we are so stupid that we would think Hillary and Bill Clinton , who have been deeply and emotionally involved in black issues since Barack Obama was doing something in the neighborhood -- and I wo n’t say what he was doing , but he said it in the book -- when they have been involved . ”
Clinton , who spent the day campaigning alongside Johnson and was there when he made the remarks , did not criticize or distance herself from the comments .
That ’s a shame , because Bob Johnson took a very low road .
Now , it ’s worth noting that , a few hours later , Johnson issued a statement — through the Clinton campaign — explaining that he was referring to “ Obama ’s time spent as a community organizer . ”
Johnson apparently thinks , or at least hopes , that everyone who sees his remarks is a blithering idiot .
By Johnson ’s logic , Obama was not “ deeply and emotionally involved in black issues ” while serving as a community organizer in inner-city Chicago , working with black churches .
That ’s the defense — that Obama ’s noble efforts could n’t even be acknowledged out loud .
Please .
For that matter , let ’s also not lose sight of the messenger here .
For all the talk that Obama has hurt his own cause by referencing conservative frames on specific issues , Hillary Clinton was campaigning alongside Bob Johnson — a public advocate of Bush ’s plan to privatize Social Security and an active proponent of Bush ’s plan to eliminate the estate tax .
This Bob Johnson flap is , to put it mildly , disappointing .
That Clinton stood by and said nothing was a mistake .
That the Clinton campaign issued a ridiculous statement on Johnson ’s behalf compounded that mistake .
If Clinton were willing to publicly criticize Johnson for his cheap shot , that would be a big first step in the right direction , and might even help lower the temperature a bit .
Alas , given what we ’ve seen , that seems unlikely .
Jew : " YHWH strictly forbids the consumption of pork .
" Christian : " No He does n't !
Jesus and Paul took that law back a little while later .
" Muslim : " Yes , He does forbid it , the Jew is right for once !
Allah made this very clear 600 years after Jesus and Paul were alive !
" Pagan : " No , the gods do not forbid eating pork .
In fact , we have to throw the bones of our slaughtered livestock into the communal bonfire to scare the demons away ! " Hindu : " Not true , the Dharmic law forbids eating any meat , including pork .
Eating pork will only anger the gods .
" Atheist : " I can't believe we 're actually talking about stuff like this ... "
MONDAY DEC 24 , 2007 ( Foodconsumer.org ) --
Canned cut green beans made by New Era Canning Company , New Era , Mich . may be contaminated with Clostridium botulinum , a bacterium that causes botulism , the Food and Drug Administration warned Dec. 21 .
The FDA found the contamination on Dec 20 after a sample tested positive for C. botulinum .
New Era is voluntarily recalling 171 cases of the green beans ( 6 cans per case ) , according to the FDA .
The affected canned cut green beans were labeled as " GFS Fancy Blue Lake Cut Green Beans " and distributed to retailers , restaurants and foodservice institutions in many states by Gordon Food Service , Grand Rapids , Mich . , with lot code 19H7FL and UPC code 93901 11873 , in large institutional - sized , 6 pound 5 ounce ( # 10 ) cans .
The food service establishments that use the affect green beans include food service customers in Alabama , Arkansas , Georgia , Illinois , Indiana , Kentucky , Mississippi , Missouri , North Carolina , Tennessee , and Virginia .
The green beans were also sold through GFS Marketplace stores in Indiana , Kentucky , and Tennessee .
So far , no cases of illness have been reportedly associated with use of the canned cut green beans .
The FDA advised that customers who have the affected cans of cut green beans or have used the green beans in recipes should throw cans and food away immediately to avoid the potential poisoning .
C. botulinum toxin when ingested , inhaled , or absorbed through the eye or a break in the skin even at a tiny dose could lead to serious illness .
Skin contact should be avoided and hands needs to be washed immediately after handling the affected food , the FDA said .
The affected cans should be put in plastic bags and disposed in a way that no one could touch the disposed food .
Symptoms of botulism poisoning may show up in humans after a short period of 6 hours to 2 weeks after ingesting food that contains the toxin .
On The Chris Matthews show , Richard Stengel , the managing editor of TIME gives us a chilling new report that the Pentagon is releasing about the serious head injuries our troops are sustaining in Iraq .
Download Download
Stengel :
When we got into the Iraq war we did n't know how long it would last .
When we got into the Iraq war we did n't know how much it would cost .
It 's lasted longer , it 's cost more than we ever expected .
The real toll is coming out now .
The Pentagon is releasing a report saying , one in five American serviceman and women who have been in Iraq are coming back with brain injuries .
Mild , traumatic brain injuries .
More than 250,000 people .
That legacy of that will last all of our life times and it 's incalculable .
It is incalculable and unforgivable , but it would appear that Bush , Rumsfeld and Cheney still sleep very well at night .
Does Stengel really believe all the spin that BushCo. fed the public and the media before we attacked Iraq ?
I believe Cheney told us on Meet the Press that it would n't be very long at all and we'd be greeted as liberators .
Andrew Natsios told us it would cost US taxpayers about 1.7 billion for reconstruction that was later scrubbed from the WH website .
... I believe we were told that it would n't cost all that much and Wolfowitz told us that Iraqi oil would pay for it anyway .
Enlisting countries to help to pay for this war and its aftermath would take more time , he said .
" I expect we will get a lot of mitigation , but it will be easier after the fact than before the fact , " Mr. Wolfowitz said .
Mr. Wolfowitz spent much of the hearing knocking down published estimates of the costs of war and rebuilding , saying the upper range of $ 95 billion was too high , and that the estimates were almost meaningless because of the variables .
Moreover , he said such estimates , and speculation that postwar reconstruction costs could climb even higher , ignored the fact that Iraq is a wealthy country , with annual oil exports worth $ 15 billion to $ 20 billion .
" To assume we 're going to pay for it all is just wrong , " he said .
( h/t Heather )
There seems to be something new under the sun -- in the sky , specifically -- that could complicate scientists ' efforts to get a fix on how much the world will warm in the future .
Greenhouse gases are not the only things in the air that influence the temperature of our atmosphere .
Clouds and small airborne particles called aerosols also play an important and complicated role .
And now a new ingredient has been discovered : an extensive and previously unseen " twilight zone " of particles that represents a gradual transition from cloud droplets to dry particles .
In a recent study published , scientists from the Weizmann Institute , Rehovot , Israel , and NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center , Greenbelt , Md. , document for the first time that air around clouds that was previously considered clear is actually filled with particles that are neither cloud droplets nor typical dry aerosols such as dust and air pollution .
Worldwide , up to 60 percent of the atmosphere labeled as cloud - free in satellite observations is actually filled with this twilight zone of in - between particles , according to the study .
" With the highly sensitive Earth - observing instruments NASA has used since 2000 , we can distinguish aerosols and clouds in greater detail than ever before , " said Goddard 's Lorraine Remer , a co-author on the study .
" But the area around clouds has given us trouble .
The instruments detected something there , but it did n't match our understanding of what a cloud or an aerosol looked like .
What we think we 're seeing is a transitional zone where clouds are beginning to form or are dying away , and where humidity causes dry particles to absorb water and get bigger . "
Precisely accounting for everything in the atmosphere that can influence changes in global temperatures is critical to scientists ' quest to accurately predict what Earth 's climate will be in the future .
The latest report from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , which assessed the potential risks of human - induced climate change , notes that the overall effect of clouds and aerosols on the amount of heat held in the atmosphere is still uncertain .
Finding a previously unknown ingredient in the mix further complicates an already complex picture , but it also holds out the promise of resolving some nagging problems in climate change science .
" The effects of this zone are not included in most computer models that estimate the impact of aerosols on climate , " said lead author Ilan Koren of the Weizmann Institute " This could be one of the reasons why current measurements of this effect do n't match our model estimates . "
The study was published April 18 in the American Geophysical Union 's Geophysical Research Letters .
Atmospheric scientists have been aware of an indistinct " halo " of particles immediately surrounding individual clouds , which are sometimes visible to the naked eye .
These are thought to be aerosols accumulating moisture and growing in size , or a cloud droplet shrinking as it evaporates .
But the newly detected twilight zone extends far beyond single clouds to fill an entire cloud field .
advertisement
The research team first came across evidence for this transitional zone in satellite measurements of aerosols that looked " suspicious , " according to Remer .
" After working with several years of data from the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ( MODIS ) on NASA 's Terra and Aqua spacecraft , we consistently saw what appeared to be elevated levels of aerosols near clouds .
But we could n't be sure that the instrument was n't actually detecting stray light bouncing off of the clouds . "
The region around clouds is difficult to accurately observe with instruments like MODIS because they operate like our eyes , collecting light reflected by objects below .
Scientists interpret the different characteristics of the light received , matching them to known light patterns from different objects such as clouds .
But clouds are notorious light scatterers , and the " glare " from the edge of clouds makes it hard to clearly detect what is around them .
To be on the safe side , scientists mapping worldwide aerosols with MODIS avoid a 1 - kilometer border around clouds .
To find out whether the apparent aerosol detection around clouds in the satellite data was real , Koren and his colleagues , including the late Yoram Kaufman of NASA Goddard , turned to an independent observing system on the ground : the NASA - sponsored Aerosol Robotic Network .
The automated instruments in this global network minimize scattered light effects as they track the sun and take readings of the amount and size of aerosols in a narrow column of atmosphere between the instrument and the sun .
When the sun is blocked by a cloud , the instrument does n't make one of its regularly scheduled readings , which provides an indirect measure of the presence of a cloud .
Combining thousands of observations from 15 sites around the world , the researchers found that the amount of aerosol systematically increased as clouds got closer , as did the size of the particles .
This held true regardless of whether the site was in a relatively clean setting or one where aerosols from air pollution or biomass burning were common .
" We found that the region affected by this cloud field ' twilight zone ' extends to tens of kilometers beyond the identified cloud edge , " said Koren .
" This suggests that 30 to 60 percent of the atmosphere previously labeled as ' cloud - free ' is actually affected by cloud - aerosol processes that reflect solar energy back into space . "
Introducing this new factor could lead climate scientists to recalculate their best estimates of how Earth 's atmosphere holds and reflects solar energy -- the key to accurately predicting the future of global warming .
" Current estimates of the effect of aerosols on global temperatures , which is primarily cooling , may be too small because the large contribution from this transition zone has been overlooked , " Remer said .
" If aerosols are offsetting warming more than we thought , it 's possible that warming could increase more than expected in the future if aerosols continue to decline , as has been reported recently . "
This summer the scientists hope to get a closer look at the " twilight zone " and the hard - to - detect particles inside it with new measurements by the Aerosol Robotic Network and NASA aircraft .
Courtesy of DumbledorePride.com
A lot of Harry Potter fans were shocked this weekend when they heard J.K. Rowling ’s announcement that Albus Dumbledore , headmaster of Hogwarts , is gay .
But many other fans were n’t , having read the tea leaves already .
After all , Dumbledore is an elderly bachelor who never mentions any past loves , it was revealed in book seven that the tragedy of his life was the end of his “ close friendship ” with Gellert Grindlewald , and he knows how to fill out a pair of purple velvet robes .
So who ’s next ?
Who will be the next beloved , long - standing characters to be outed by their creators ?
And how will smart - asses like us be able to say , “ Yeah , we totally saw that coming ” ?
Update : Wow , this post was a great idea — such a great idea that Radar had it yesterday !
We stand by our list , but we have to admit that Vanity Smurf was a highly inspired pick .
Still , we never understood what everyone thought was so gay about Samwise Gamgee .
1. Fozzie Bear from The Muppet Show
How we knew it all along : A passion for showbiz !
A flair for headwear !
A long , sadly platonic relationship with a handsome straight frog who only has eyes for the pig !
Plus , he ’s a total bear .
2. Schroeder from “ Peanuts ”
How we knew it all along : C’mon , the guy has a cute groupie like Lucy hanging on his piano for 50 years , and he never gives her the time of day !
Instead , there ’s just one man in his life : Ludwig Von Beethoven .
3 . The Flash
How we knew it all along : DC Comics does n’t play coy about this one ; the Flash is both light in his loafers and flaming .
No , really — he runs at superhuman speed and flames literally shoot out of him .
4. Spock from Star Trek
How we knew it all along :
It ’s clear in retrospect that Spock ’s place on the Enterprise — as a Vulcan , he ’s a member of the crew , but still a man apart , and given to arch commentary on the foibles of his crewmates — is a coded reflection of his true and hidden self .
5. Vickie the Robot from Small Wonder
How we knew it all along :
You know that old stereotype about lesbians having no sense of humor ?
Let ’s just say you never see that robot laughing .
And Vickie ’s creator — family man Ted Lawson — seems just pervy enough to program his mechanical daughter that way .
6. Lilith from Cheers and Frasier
How we knew it all along : Cripes , Lilith is a walking , talking butch cliché : buttoned - up , mannish , severe .
Also , her name is Lilith .
But Lilith plays it straight much of her life , including having a child , Frederick , with Dr. Frasier Crane .
We would n’t be surprised at all , though , to find out that her abandonment by seismologist Brian — who leaves her for their male interior decorator — finally makes Lilith throw up her hands and give up on men forever .
7. Beatrice from Much Ado About Nothing
How we knew it all along : Sure , at the end of Shakespeare ’s comedy Beatrice confesses her love for her verbal sparring partner Benedick .
But a long - lost Seventh Folio copy ( 1648 ) reveals that in a never - before - seen epilogue , the sharp - tongued Beatrice has tired of the marriage of convenience and is shacking up with Ursula , Hero ’s waiting - gentlewoman .
8. Blanche from The Golden Girls
How we knew it all along :
The joke was always that Dorothy ( played by Bea Arthur ) was gay , but when her lesbian friend Jean came to visit and fell in love with Rose , it was Blanche who got jealous ( “ To think Jean would prefer Rose over me , that ’s ridiculous ! ” ) .
Plus , all that talk about sleeping around was probably just a cover .
No one is that promiscuous !
9. Mr. Big from Sex and the City
How we knew it all along : Actually , it will be a total surprise when we learn that in the Sex and the City movie , Mr. Big — married , unhappily , to Carrie — announces on his deathbed that his lifelong machismo was all a front .
The good news , though , is that Carrie is single again !
10 . Lando Calrissian from The Empire Strikes Back
How we knew it all along :
This photo .
Courtesy of StarWars.com
Earlier : J.K. Rowling Outs Dumbledore
10 Characters Whose Outings Would n’t Shock Us
Record - breaking amounts of ice - free water have deprived the Arctic of more of its natural “ sunscreen ” than ever in recent summers .
The effect is so pronounced that sea surface temperatures rose to 5 C above average in one place this year , a high never before observed , says the oceanographer who has compiled the first - ever look at average sea surface temperatures for the region .
Such superwarming of surface waters can affect how thick ice grows back in the winter , as well as its ability to withstand melting the next summer , according to Michael Steele , an oceanographer with the University of Washington ’s Applied Physics Laboratory .
Indeed , since September , the end of summer in the Arctic , winter freeze - up in some areas is two months later than usual .
The extra ocean warming also might be contributing to some changes on land , such as previously unseen plant growth in the coastal Arctic tundra , if heat coming off the ocean during freeze - up is making its way over land , says Steele .
( who incidentally is speaking Wednesday at the American Geophysical Union meeting in San Francisco )
He is lead author of “ Arctic Ocean surface warming trends over the past 100 years , ” accepted for publication in AGU ’s Geophysical Research Letters .
Co-authors are physicist Wendy Ermold and research scientist Jinlun Zhang , both of the UW Applied Physics Laboratory .
The work is funded by the National Science Foundation .
“ Warming is particularly pronounced since 1995 , and especially since 2000 , ” the authors write .
The spot where waters were 5 C above average was in the region just north of the Chukchi Sea .
The historical average temperature there is - 1 C ( the salt in ocean water keeps it liquid at temperatures that would cause fresh water to freeze ) .
This year water in that area warmed to 4 C , for a 5 - degree change from the average .
That general area , the part of the ocean north of Alaska and Eastern Siberia that includes the Bering Strait and Chukchi Sea , experienced the greatest summer warming .
Temperatures for that region were generally 3.5 C warmer than historical averages and 1.5 C warmer than the historical maximum .
Such widespread warming in those areas and elsewhere in the Arctic is probably the result of having increasing amounts of open water in the summer that readily absorb the sun ’s rays , Steele says .
Hard , white ice , on the other hand , can work as a kind of sunscreen for the waters below , reflecting rather than absorbing sunlight .
The warming also may be partly caused by increasing amounts of warmer water coming from the Pacific Ocean , something scientists have noted in recent years .
The Arctic was primed for more open water since the early 1990s as the sea-ice cover has thinned , due to a warming atmosphere and more frequent strong winds sweeping ice out of the Arctic Ocean via Fram Strait into the Atlantic Ocean where the ice melts .
The wind effect was particularly strong in the summer of 2007 .
Now the situation could be self - perpetuating , Steele says .
For example , he calculates that having more heat in surface waters in recent years means 23 to 30 inches less ice will grow in the winter than formed in 1965 .
Since sea ice typically grows about 80 inches in a winter , that is a significant fraction of ice that ’s going missing , he says .
Then too , higher sea surface temperatures can delay the start of freeze - up because the extra heat must be discharged from the upper ocean before ice can form .
“ The effect on net winter growth would probably be negligible for a delay of several weeks , but could be substantial for delays of several months , ” the authors write .
We are getting very close to the tipping point , or maybe we have already moved past it .
Either way these continued warnings from the nations best scientists mean that we need to take much more drastic action , and soon .
Without an immediate reduction in green house gas emission we are dooming ourselves to a world with a fever .
If only our government could pull it ’s head out of it ’s ass long enough to realize this we might be alright .
I suggest you call up your congress person and bitch at them till they hang up on you , do this every week or until we have change .
If they keep voting the way you do n’t like , vote for someone else who will vote the way you want .
America 's Growing Trade Deficit Is Selling The Nation Out From Under Us. Here 's A Way To Fix The Problem -- And We Need To Do It Now .
( FORTUNE Magazine ) – I 'm about to deliver a warning regarding the U.S. trade deficit and also suggest a remedy for the problem .
But first I need to mention two reasons you might want to be skeptical about what I say .
To begin , my forecasting record with respect to macroeconomics is far from inspiring .
For example , over the past two decades I was excessively fearful of inflation .
More to the point at hand , I started way back in 1987 to publicly worry about our mounting trade deficits -- and , as you know , we 've not only survived but also thrived .
So on the trade front , score at least one " wolf " for me .
Nevertheless , I am crying wolf again and this time backing it with Berkshire Hathaway 's money .
Through the spring of 2002 , I had lived nearly 72 years without purchasing a foreign currency .
Since then Berkshire has made significant investments in -- and today holds -- several currencies .
I wo n't give you particulars ; in fact , it is largely irrelevant which currencies they are .
What does matter is the underlying point :
To hold other currencies is to believe that the dollar will decline .
Both as an American and as an investor , I actually hope these commitments prove to be a mistake .
Any profits Berkshire might make from currency trading would pale against the losses the company and our shareholders , in other aspects of their lives , would incur from a plunging dollar .
But as head of Berkshire Hathaway , I am in charge of investing its money in ways that make sense .
And my reason for finally putting my money where my mouth has been so long is that our trade deficit has greatly worsened , to the point that our country 's " net worth , " so to speak , is now being transferred abroad at an alarming rate .
A perpetuation of this transfer will lead to major trouble .
To understand why , take a wildly fanciful trip with me to two isolated , side - by - side islands of equal size , Squanderville and Thriftville .
Land is the only capital asset on these islands , and their communities are primitive , needing only food and producing only food .
Working eight hours a day , in fact , each inhabitant can produce enough food to sustain himself or herself .
And for a long time that 's how things go along .
On each island everybody works the prescribed eight hours a day , which means that each society is self - sufficient .
Eventually , though , the industrious citizens of Thriftville decide to do some serious saving and investing , and they start to work 16 hours a day .
In this mode they continue to live off the food they produce in eight hours of work but begin exporting an equal amount to their one and only trading outlet , Squanderville .
The citizens of Squanderville are ecstatic about this turn of events , since they can now live their lives free from toil but eat as well as ever .
Oh , yes , there 's a quid pro quo -- but to the Squanders , it seems harmless :
All that the Thrifts want in exchange for their food is Squanderbonds ( which are denominated , naturally , in Squanderbucks ) .
Over time Thriftville accumulates an enormous amount of these bonds , which at their core represent claim checks on the future output of Squanderville .
A few pundits in Squanderville smell trouble coming .
They foresee that for the Squanders both to eat and to pay off -- or simply service -- the debt they 're piling up will eventually require them to work more than eight hours a day .
But the residents of Squanderville are in no mood to listen to such doomsaying .
Meanwhile , the citizens of Thriftville begin to get nervous .
Just how good , they ask , are the IOUs of a shiftless island ?
So the Thrifts change strategy :
Though they continue to hold some bonds , they sell most of them to Squanderville residents for Squanderbucks and use the proceeds to buy Squanderville land .
And eventually the Thrifts own all of Squanderville .
At that point , the Squanders are forced to deal with an ugly equation :
They must now not only return to working eight hours a day in order to eat -- they have nothing left to trade -- but must also work additional hours to service their debt and pay Thriftville rent on the land so imprudently sold .
In effect , Squanderville has been colonized by purchase rather than conquest .
It can be argued , of course , that the present value of the future production that Squanderville must forever ship to Thriftville only equates to the production Thriftville initially gave up and that therefore both have received a fair deal .
But since one generation of Squanders gets the free ride and future generations pay in perpetuity for it , there are -- in economist talk -- some pretty dramatic " intergenerational inequities . "
Let 's think of it in terms of a family : Imagine that I , Warren Buffett , can get the suppliers of all that I consume in my lifetime to take Buffett family IOUs that are payable , in goods and services and with interest added , by my descendants .
This scenario may be viewed as effecting an even trade between the Buffett family unit and its creditors .
But the generations of Buffetts following me are not likely to applaud the deal ( and , heaven forbid , may even attempt to welsh on it ) .
Think again about those islands : Sooner or later the Squanderville government , facing ever greater payments to service debt , would decide to embrace highly inflationary policies -- that is , issue more Squanderbucks to dilute the value of each .
After all , the government would reason , those irritating Squanderbonds are simply claims on specific numbers of Squanderbucks , not on bucks of specific value .
In short , making Squanderbucks less valuable would ease the island 's fiscal pain .
That prospect is why I , were I a resident of Thriftville , would opt for direct ownership of Squanderville land rather than bonds of the island 's government .
Most governments find it much harder morally to seize foreign - owned property than they do to dilute the purchasing power of claim checks foreigners hold .
Theft by stealth is preferred to theft by force .
So what does all this island hopping have to do with the U.S. ?
Simply put , after World War II and up until the early 1970s we operated in the industrious Thriftville style , regularly selling more abroad than we purchased .
We concurrently invested our surplus abroad , with the result that our net investment -- that is , our holdings of foreign assets less foreign holdings of U.S. assets -- increased ( under methodology , since revised , that the government was then using ) from $ 37 billion in 1950 to $ 68 billion in 1970 .
In those days , to sum up , our country 's " net worth , " viewed in totality , consisted of all the wealth within our borders plus a modest portion of the wealth in the rest of the world .
Additionally , because the U.S. was in a net ownership position with respect to the rest of the world , we realized net investment income that , piled on top of our trade surplus , became a second source of investable funds .
Our fiscal situation was thus similar to that of an individual who was both saving some of his salary and reinvesting the dividends from his existing nest egg .
In the late 1970s the trade situation reversed , producing deficits that initially ran about 1 % of GDP .
That was hardly serious , particularly because net investment income remained positive .
Indeed , with the power of compound interest working for us , our net ownership balance hit its high in 1980 at $ 360 billion .
Since then , however , it 's been all downhill , with the pace of decline rapidly accelerating in the past five years .
Our annual trade deficit now exceeds 4 % of GDP .
Equally ominous , the rest of the world owns a staggering $ 2.5 trillion more of the U.S. than we own of other countries .
Some of this $ 2.5 trillion is invested in claim checks -- U.S. bonds , both governmental and private -- and some in such assets as property and equity securities .
In effect , our country has been behaving like an extraordinarily rich family that possesses an immense farm .
In order to consume 4 % more than we produce -- that 's the trade deficit -- we have , day by day , been both selling pieces of the farm and increasing the mortgage on what we still own .
To put the $ 2.5 trillion of net foreign ownership in perspective , contrast it with the $ 12 trillion value of publicly owned U.S. stocks or the equal amount of U.S. residential real estate or what I would estimate as a grand total of $ 50 trillion in national wealth .
Those comparisons show that what 's already been transferred abroad is meaningful -- in the area , for example , of 5 % of our national wealth .
More important , however , is that foreign ownership of our assets will grow at about $ 500 billion per year at the present trade - deficit level , which means that the deficit will be adding about one percentage point annually to foreigners ' net ownership of our national wealth .
As that ownership grows , so will the annual net investment income flowing out of this country .
That will leave us paying ever - increasing dividends and interest to the world rather than being a net receiver of them , as in the past .
We have entered the world of negative compounding - - goodbye pleasure , hello pain .
We were taught in Economics 101 that countries could not for long sustain large , ever - growing trade deficits .
At a point , so it was claimed , the spree of the consumption - happy nation would be braked by currency - rate adjustments and by the unwillingness of creditor countries to accept an endless flow of IOUs from the big spenders .
And that 's the way it has indeed worked for the rest of the world , as we can see by the abrupt shutoffs of credit that many profligate nations have suffered in recent decades .
The U.S. , however , enjoys special status .
In effect , we can behave today as we wish because our past financial behavior was so exemplary -- and because we are so rich .
Neither our capacity nor our intention to pay is questioned , and we continue to have a mountain of desirable assets to trade for consumables .
In other words , our national credit card allows us to charge truly breathtaking amounts .
But that card 's credit line is not limitless .
The time to halt this trading of assets for consumables is now , and I have a plan to suggest for getting it done .
My remedy may sound gimmicky , and in truth it is a tariff called by another name .
But this is a tariff that retains most free - market virtues , neither protecting specific industries nor punishing specific countries nor encouraging trade wars .
This plan would increase our exports and might well lead to increased overall world trade .
And it would balance our books without there being a significant decline in the value of the dollar , which I believe is otherwise almost certain to occur .
We would achieve this balance by issuing what I will call Import Certificates ( ICs ) to all U.S. exporters in an amount equal to the dollar value of their exports .
Each exporter would , in turn , sell the ICs to parties -- either exporters abroad or importers here -- wanting to get goods into the U.S.
To import $ 1 million of goods , for example , an importer would need ICs that were the byproduct of $ 1 million of exports .
The inevitable result : trade balance .
Because our exports total about $ 80 billion a month , ICs would be issued in huge , equivalent quantities -- that is , 80 billion certificates a month -- and would surely trade in an exceptionally liquid market .
Competition would then determine who among those parties wanting to sell to us would buy the certificates and how much they would pay .
( I visualize that the certificates would be issued with a short life , possibly of six months , so that speculators would be discouraged from accumulating them . )
For illustrative purposes , let 's postulate that each IC would sell for 10 cents -- that is , 10 cents per dollar of exports behind them .
Other things being equal , this amount would mean a U.S. producer could realize 10 % more by selling his goods in the export market than by selling them domestically , with the extra 10 % coming from his sales of ICs .
In my opinion , many exporters would view this as a reduction in cost , one that would let them cut the prices of their products in international markets .
Commodity - type products would particularly encourage this kind of behavior .
If aluminum , for example , was selling for 66 cents per pound domestically and ICs were worth 10 % , domestic aluminum producers could sell for about 60 cents per pound ( plus transportation costs ) in foreign markets and still earn normal margins .
In this scenario , the output of the U.S. would become significantly more competitive and exports would expand .
Along the way , the number of jobs would grow .
Foreigners selling to us , of course , would face tougher economics .
But that 's a problem they 're up against no matter what trade " solution " is adopted -- and make no mistake , a solution must come .
( As Herb Stein said , " If something cannot go on forever , it will stop . " )
In one way the IC approach would give countries selling to us great flexibility , since the plan does not penalize any specific industry or product .
In the end , the free market would determine what would be sold in the U.S. and who would sell it .
The ICs would determine only the aggregate dollar volume of what was sold .
To see what would happen to imports , let 's look at a car now entering the U.S. at a cost to the importer of $ 20,000 .
Under the new plan and the assumption that ICs sell for 10 % , the importer 's cost would rise to $ 22,000 .
If demand for the car was exceptionally strong , the importer might manage to pass all of this on to the American consumer .
In the usual case , however , competitive forces would take hold , requiring the foreign manufacturer to absorb some , if not all , of the $ 2,000 IC cost .
There is no free lunch in the IC plan :
It would have certain serious negative consequences for U.S. citizens .
Prices of most imported products would increase , and so would the prices of certain competitive products manufactured domestically .
The cost of the ICs , either in whole or in part , would therefore typically act as a tax on consumers .
That is a serious drawback .
But there would be drawbacks also to the dollar continuing to lose value or to our increasing tariffs on specific products or instituting quotas on them -- courses of action that in my opinion offer a smaller chance of success .
Above all , the pain of higher prices on goods imported today dims beside the pain we will eventually suffer if we drift along and trade away ever larger portions of our country 's net worth .
I believe that ICs would produce , rather promptly , a U.S. trade equilibrium well above present export levels but below present import levels .
The certificates would moderately aid all our industries in world competition , even as the free market determined which of them ultimately met the test of " comparative advantage . "
This plan would not be copied by nations that are net exporters , because their ICs would be valueless .
Would major exporting countries retaliate in other ways ?
Would this start another Smoot - Hawley tariff war ?
Hardly .
At the time of Smoot - Hawley we ran an unreasonable trade surplus that we wished to maintain .
We now run a damaging deficit that the whole world knows we must correct .
For decades the world has struggled with a shifting maze of punitive tariffs , export subsidies , quotas , dollar - locked currencies , and the like .
Many of these import - inhibiting and export - encouraging devices have long been employed by major exporting countries trying to amass ever larger surpluses -- yet significant trade wars have not erupted .
Surely one will not be precipitated by a proposal that simply aims at balancing the books of the world 's largest trade debtor .
Major exporting countries have behaved quite rationally in the past and they will continue to do so -- though , as always , it may be in their interest to attempt to convince us that they will behave otherwise .
The likely outcome of an IC plan is that the exporting nations -- after some initial posturing -- will turn their ingenuity to encouraging imports from us .
Take the position of China , which today sells us about $ 140 billion of goods and services annually while purchasing only $ 25 billion .
Were ICs to exist , one course for China would be simply to fill the gap by buying 115 billion certificates annually .
But it could alternatively reduce its need for ICs by cutting its exports to the U.S. or by increasing its purchases from us .
This last choice would probably be the most palatable for China , and we should wish it to be so .
If our exports were to increase and the supply of ICs were therefore to be enlarged , their market price would be driven down .
Indeed , if our exports expanded sufficiently , ICs would be rendered valueless and the entire plan made moot .
Presented with the power to make this happen , important exporting countries might quickly eliminate the mechanisms they now use to inhibit exports from us .
Were we to install an IC plan , we might opt for some transition years in which we deliberately ran a relatively small deficit , a step that would enable the world to adjust as we gradually got where we need to be .
Carrying this plan out , our government could either auction " bonus " ICs every month or simply give them , say , to less - developed countries needing to increase their exports .
The latter course would deliver a form of foreign aid likely to be particularly effective and appreciated .
I will close by reminding you again that I cried wolf once before .
In general , the batting average of doomsayers in the U.S. is terrible .
Our country has consistently made fools of those who were skeptical about either our economic potential or our resiliency .
Many pessimistic seers simply underestimated the dynamism that has allowed us to overcome problems that once seemed ominous .
We still have a truly remarkable country and economy .
But I believe that in the trade deficit we also have a problem that is going to test all of our abilities to find a solution .
A gently declining dollar will not provide the answer .
True , it would reduce our trade deficit to a degree , but not by enough to halt the outflow of our country 's net worth and the resulting growth in our investment - income deficit .
Perhaps there are other solutions that make more sense than mine .
However , wishful thinking -- and its usual companion , thumb sucking -- is not among them .
From what I now see , action to halt the rapid outflow of our national wealth is called for , and ICs seem the least painful and most certain way to get the job done .
Just keep remembering that this is not a small problem :
For example , at the rate at which the rest of the world is now making net investments in the U.S. , it could annually buy and sock away nearly 4 % of our publicly traded stocks .
In evaluating business options at Berkshire , my partner , Charles Munger , suggests that we pay close attention to his jocular wish : " All I want to know is where I 'm going to die , so I 'll never go there . "
Framers of our trade policy should heed this caution -- and steer clear of Squanderville .
Warren Buffett is chairman and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway .
FORTUNE editor at large Carol J. Loomis , who is a Berkshire shareholder , worked with him on this article .
FEEDBACK cloomis@fortunemail.com
US - Iran Relations : Fifty Years of Deceit
By Gaither Stewart
18 January , 2008
Countercurrents.org
A few days ago the prestigious Milan daily , Corriere della Sera , published the translation of an article by Neocon , Robert Kagan .
The Italian version of the article bore the title “ Trattare Con Teheran ?
Meglio Farlo Subito ” ( Negotiate With Tehran ?
Better Do It Now . )
The article was headed by a secondary title written in red : “ The Nuclear Threat . ”
As I read the four - column article I ticked what for me were dubious or false statements and claims , either of fact or opinion .
Kagan ’s apparently smooth article is predictably infected with an underlying hypocrisy and well known America - centrism making the writer ’s occasional hypocritical attempts at any kind of balance laughable .
His first sentence set the tone for the rest when he hemmed and hawed about whether the NEI intelligence findings that Iran interrupted its nuclear arms program in 2003 are accurate .
It soon becomes clear that Kagan does not accept the report ’s conclusion .
For him , many aspects of the report are to still to be clarified .
Departing from the report - based assumption — remember , a report unconvincing for Kagan — he rationalizes that since it is too late for Bush America to attack , it is better for Washington to negotiate now rather than wait until after US presidential elections .
That is , not attack militarily now and negotiate .
He recalls that the chief reason Europe has put pressure on Tehran to negotiate is fear of American military action against Iran .
For Europe in fact the fear of an Iranian nuclear bomb is secondary .
From that point the article slides , then rushes in an avalanche downhill , down into the swirling inferno of neocon thinking .
In the writer ’s opinion , negotiation in any case will seem like weakness of America ’s position , thus displaying his recurrent mistrust in the role of diplomacy , endemic in the Bush administration .
Iranians , he warns , could use negotiations to exploit the divisions between the USA and its allies .
The mere idea that negotiation is ipso facto weakness reflects the warlike mentality of the Bush administration , which , as the majority of Americans today realize , is the heart of the problem with Iran .
So why does Kagan want negotiations ?
His justification for negotiations now rather than later — which is not only desirable but also necessary — is that the USA is not in weak position in the Middle East and the world today .
He cites as examples of US strength the success of the surge in Iraq and the general resurgence of the nation of Iraq … and the isolation of Iran !
Ye gads !
How in God ’s name could even Neocons make such a claim at this late date when the rest of the world is witnessing precisely in these days the resurgence of violence in Iraq , Turkish encroachments in north Kurdish Iraq , the total separation of the Shia and Sunni variations of Islam , and the dissolution of the country ?
That ’s progress , eh , Kagan ?
An Afghanistan in chaos and the US quietly invading huge and in any case uncontrollable Pakistan , whose dictatorship has the A - bomb , will strengthen America ?
A renewed Cold War menacing US - Russian relations because of America ’s aggressive and arrogant threats is strength ?
Get outa here , Kagan !
Now , in the first place , to speak of the isolation of Iran is pure America centric neocon propaganda .
For huge Russia , Iran is most certainly not isolated ; Iran is neighbor and ally .
Iran is not isolated for or from Europe ; Iran is a major trading partner .
Iran is not isolated from China , nor from Asia as a whole .
The reality is , Iran is isolated from the USA .
In fact , as far as isolation is concerned , neocon strategy by the likes of Kagan , among the 12 most notorious Neoconites , has led to the isolation in the world of the USA .
Lonely and isolated from the rest of the world today .
To continue my comments on Kagan ’s analysis of reasons to negotiate now , I ticked the writer ’s doubts about the NIE reports , that is , the sum of US national intelligence on Iran .
“ If the NIE report is correct , Iran could decide to use the time before negotiations with a new US administration in 2009 to ready its bomb ! ”
As for the content of eventual negotiations , the neocon analyst continues to demonstrate his bad faith .
He pontificates oh so placidly that Iran MUST clarify the numerous questions raised by the International Agency For Atomic Energy concerning the nuclear program of the regime in Tehran .
It MUST consent to thorough inspections and monitoring of its structures .
It MUST agree to UN resolutions concerning uranium enrichment .
Negotiations MUST also include the subject of Iranian terrorism , its support of Al Qaida , Hamas , Hezbollah and extremists in Iraq , the violations of human rights and political repression in Iran .
It never occurs to Kagan that he is walking on very thin ice .
Whose terrorism are we speaking of anyway ?
What about US institutional terrorism ?
In his in depth analysis , Kagan does not indicate that Iran might turn the same questions against the USA : questions concerning the fictions surrounding Al Qaida , Hezbollah ’s solid political base in Lebanon , the Hamas victory in democratic elections in Palestine , America ’s violations across the board of human rights from one end of the earth to the other and above all the vanishing democracy in America itself .
In the eyes of Moslems the suspension of many civil liberties under the US Patriot Act and the outrageous violations of international law in the gulag of Guantánamo are expressions of Islamophobia and have nothing to do with the purported war on terrorism .
Kagan writes that if Tehran respects nuclear controls , halts its support of terrorism , treats its people with “ justice , humanity and tolerance , ” it can be accepted into the community of nations with all the concomitant economic , political and security benefits .
The writer then concludes , oh so placidly , with the explosive affirmation that if Iran responds with obstructionism or if it refuses dialogue — which he says is not a remote eventuality — such intransigence can only turn against Iran in the future .
A warning ?
A threat ?
Firm in his faith , Kagan believes that America ca n’t lose !
For the American offer to negotiate can also cause divisions within Iran .
Bush has good cards in his hand , Kagan irrationally believes .
He just has to play with astuteness and creativity and play in the right way .
Kagan ’s views are hardly surprising .
They are in line with the neocon philosophy that the USA should use its power forcefully around the world , in America ’s interests , in keeping with the neocon neo -Jacobism , which considers America the world supervisor and policeman .
REALITY
Meanwhile , what is happening in the everyday reality of US - Iran relations ?
Each day we see on TV the gray , menacing US warships sitting just off Iran ’s coast at the Straits of Hormuz .
What we do n’t see is the US threatening buildup in Azerbaijan along the Caspian Sea on Iran ’s northwest borders .
What we do n’t see is the war that the United States and Great Britain have been waging against Iran for at least two years .
Actually , for fifty years .
Negotiate from a strong position , eh! Keep Iran on the verge of insurrection or counter - revolution or another coup as in 1953 .
An article in Italy ’s alternative press today depicts the quiet war being waged inside Iran as recounted by high officials of the CIA , Defense Department , United Nations and retired officers of the Canadian Air Forces .
Financing terrorist groups inside Iran to overthrow the Tehran government , recruitment of spies and operatives with the goal of creating an opposition , coupled with the usual propaganda back home in America about the need for “ regime change ” , that newspeak euphemism for overthrowing a government you do n’t like … or that does n’t like you .
Anyone with an ear for history recalls the USA - organized coup against the nationalist government of Mohammad Moussadeq in 1953 for daring to nationalize Iran ’s oil industry , a tragedy that Iran has never recovered from .
The coup against the government of Moussadeq , Time Magazine ’s Man of the Year in 1951 , brought to power the brutal regime of Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi , by an ironic twist of history paving the way for the Islamic Revolution of 1979 .
Now Washington is moving again in the same direction , apparently unaware of history repeating itself .
Here , as always , it is good to keep on eye on oil .
The motives for western aggression in the Middle East has always had to do with oil .
In 1944 , US interests in oil output there was only 16 % .
In 1955 , US interests had grown to 58 % .
Profits from Middle Eastern oil are greater than elsewhere because of low labor costs and the high productivity of the wells .
High profits are the result .
Western oilmen were shocked in 1951 when the reformist Iranian Premier Mohammad Moussadeq decided to nationalize the oil industry , then British controlled .
After a lot of saber - rattling , Great Britain retired from the scene and the USA stepped in .
The subsequent coup d’état that overthrew Premier Moussadeq and re-installed the amenable Shah on the throne was one of the newly founded CIA ’s first major actions .
The justification of the then CIA Director Allen Douglas was : “ Where there begins to be evidence that a country is slipping and Communist takeover is threatened ( such was his English ! ) … we ca n’t wait for an engraved invitation to come and give aid . ”
Fifty years ago just as today !
,
In June , 2005 , coups and revolutions later , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , Tehran ’s ultra-conservative mayor defeated former President Rafsanjani in run-off elections and became Iran ’s first non-cleric president in 24 years .
In recent times the relatively free press has been targeted by conservatives , pro-reform publications have been closed and reformist writers , journalists and editors jailed .
The reform movement in the government has been crushed though it apparently is still alive and strong among youth .
Promising a new era for Iran , an era of peace and progress , President Ahmadinejad vowed to plough ahead with Iran ’s controversial nuclear program .
He also created a furor in the world when he said that Israel should be wiped off the face of the map and that the holocaust was a myth .
Ahmadinejad was born in the countryside near Tehran .
He is a former Revolutionary Guards officer , was actively involved in the revolution , and participated in the occupation of the American Embassy in midtown Tehran in 1979 .
He is known as “ the man of the barefoot people . ”
That is , of the poor masses of Iran .
The gap between rich and poor is striking in modern Tehran itself .
WAR AMONG CONSERVATIVES
Today , neocon conservatives are pitched against Iranian conservatives , each labeling the other “ the force of evil . ”
Europeans concede
Iran the right to develop nuclear energy though realistically aware that control is next to impossible .
Iran needs nuclear energy .
But the doubt is , do they want to make a bomb ?
Iranians instead look around and see that many of their neighbors have nuclear weapons : Israel , India , Pakistan , China , Russia .
It has been said that an immediate problem of the warlike Bush stance is making an unpopular man in Iran , popular .
For Ahmadinejad is apparently not loved by urban youth , many of whom are English - speaking , in contact with the world via seven million internet accesses , cell phones , sms and TV .
But they too love their country .
Here are some considerations : Iran is a big Middle Eastern country , and like Israel non-Arab .
Israel does not really want a clash with Iran , nor does Iran really want a clash with Israel .
Though Ahmadinejad appears as the immediate problem , he is not the only power in Iran .
Ahmadinejad heads one class , but not the modern part of the country .
Nor the clergy .
A power struggle seems to be in progress .
As his fiery speeches show , Ahmadinajad needs an enemy .
In the same way , George Bush ’s administration at this late date still needs an enemy .
How the “ regime change ” in Iran is to be achieved is crucial .
European observers warn that the USA cannot afford to err again as in Iraq , where , as Condoleeza Rice admitted , “ America has made thousands of mistakes . ”
Iran is simply too strong .
Neocons Down , Not Out
Since the neoconservatives began to emerge as a political force in the mid-to - late 1970s , they have followed a consistent strategy of targeting the information flows inside the United States , paying particular attention to controlling the nation ’s intelligence analysts and purging independent thinking from the U.S. news media .
Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly
Those were the two key switching points that allowed the neocons to push out favorable information and suppress contrary facts to shape how Americans perceived reality .
Thus , the neocons could guide the public on issues such as the severity of the Soviet threat in the late Cold War or the WMD danger from Iraq and Iran this decade .
That neoconservative strategy reached its zenith after the 9/11 attacks as the U.S. intelligence community and the Washington press corps caved under intense political pressure .
Essentially , President George W. Bush and the neocons got to manipulate reality itself – and they used that power to scare the heck out of the American people .
Some grassroots resistance emerged to challenge these faux realities , but it did n’t gain much traction on the national level until Hurricane Katrina flooded New Orleans in late summer 2005 and Bush could n’t spin his administration ’s incompetent response .
Since then , the struggle has been up and down .
Public revulsion over Bush ’s arrogance and the neocons ' bloody fiasco in Iraq led to the Republican congressional defeat in 2006 .
But the Democrats then frittered away their advantage with a feckless approach on Iraq troop withdrawals and a failure to mount sustained investigations of administration wrongdoing .
Then , in fall 2007 , Bush and the neocons sold the Iraq War “ surge ” as a great success , even though the result appears to be an open - ended U.S. military occupation of a hostile Arab country with one or two American soldiers and scores of Iraqis still dying each day .
Nevertheless , the neocons were again beating their chests and baiting their opponents as defeatists who want to undermine the troops .
[ See Consortiumnews.com ’s “ The ‘ Triumphant ’ Neocons . ” ]
Surprising Intel
But the neocons were dealt an unexpected body blow with the Dec. 3 release of a stunning U.S. intelligence assessment that Iran had halted its nuclear weapons program four years ago , a finding that contradicted Bush ’s belligerent rhetoric about Iran ’s nukes possibly provoking “ World War III . ”
The National Intelligence Estimate knocked the wind out of the neocons ’ hope for a military confrontation with Iran before the end of Bush ’s term .
[ See Consortiumnews.com 's " A Miracle : Honest Intel on Iran Nukes . " ]
At a Dec. 4 press conference , Bush was left sputtering an unpersuasive claim that his warning about “ World War III ” on Oct. 17 was uttered while his intelligence advisers were keeping him in the dark about the new information that supported the NIE .
On Dec. 5 , Bush tried to regain his political balance by blaming Iran for the doubts about its nuclear program .
" The Iranians have a strategic choice to make , ” Bush said in Omaha , Nebraska .
“ They can come clean with the international community about the scope of their nuclear activities and fully accept the longstanding offer to suspend their enrichment program and come to the table and negotiate , or they can continue on a path of isolation that is not in the best interest of the Iranian people .
The choice is up to the Iranian regime . "
Still , the NIE represented a declaration of independence by professional U.S. intelligence analysts who had been bullied by the neocons over the past three decades and especially during the run-up to the war with Iraq .
[ For the fullest account of this history , see Robert Parry ’s Secrecy & Privilege and our new book , Neck Deep . ]
Campaign 2008
Though Bush and the neocons again find themselves on the defensive , the political battle is far from over .
The neocons retain extraordinary strength within the U.S. news media as well as in the leading Washington think tanks and inside many of the presidential campaigns .
Except for Rep. Ron Paul of Texas , the Republican contenders are enthusiastic backers of the neocon agenda of an imperial United States with an all - powerful Executive who will subordinate America 's constitutional rights to the waging of an indefinite “ war on terror . ”
While all the Democrats criticize Bush 's approach to some degree , the neocons view purported front - runner , New York Senator Hillary Clinton , as an ally who often votes with neocon hawks , such as Sen.
Joe Lieberman , I - Connecticut .
Until recently , Sen. Clinton was getting foreign policy advice from “ surge ” advocate Michael O’Hanlon .
So , if the early political handicapping holds up , the neocons could find themselves in the enviable position next fall of having a super - neocon Republican versus a neocon - lite Democrat .
Then , whoever wins , the neocons can expect their policies in the Mideast to continue .
If that 's how Election 2008 does turn out , the again - triumphant neocons might be looking to dish out some payback to those newly independent - minded CIA analysts .
Plus , the neocons implicated in abuses during Bush ’s presidency could expect to get off scot - free .
Neither a new Republican administration nor a second Clinton presidency would likely seek accountability for the crimes and other misdeeds of the Bush years .
Hillary Clinton likely would follow the forgiving pattern of her husband .
When Bill Clinton took office in 1993 , he appointed neoconservative Democrat James Woolsey to head the CIA .
Then , in a gesture of bipartisanship , the new President pulled the plug on ongoing investigations of Reagan - Bush - era wrongdoing regarding secret arms deals with Iran and Iraq .
By turning out the lights on that history , President Clinton apparently felt he would gain some reciprocity from the Republicans .
But Clinton ’s actions only emboldened the Republicans and gave the neocons time to regroup .
[ See Consortiumnews.com ’s “ The Clintons ’ Real Trouble with Truth . ” ]
So , the neocons may have been staggered a few times in recent months , but it would be premature to count them out .
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , was written with two of his sons , Sam and Nat , and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
Or go to Amazon.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
A few weeks ago , the Senate invited a Hindu leader to deliver the daily invocation .
Apparently , this has sent Idaho 's Bill Sali ( R ) over the edge .
" We have not only a Hindu prayer being offered in the Senate , we have a Muslim member of the House of Representatives now , Keith Ellison from Minnesota .
Those are changes -- and they are not what was envisioned by the Founding Fathers , " asserts Sali .
Sali says America was built on Christian principles that were derived from scripture .
He also says the only way the United States has been allowed to exist in a world that is so hostile to Christian principles is through " the protective hand of God . "
" You know , the Lord can cause the rain to fall on the just and the unjust alike , " says the Idaho Republican .
According to Congressman Sali , the only way the U.S. can continue to survive is under that protective hand of God .
He states when a Hindu prayer is offered , " that 's a different god " and that it " creates problems for the longevity of this country . "
The other day , my son made a declaration that would have stopped me cold two years ago .
" For Christmas , I 'm going to ask for a skateboard , " he said .
" It 's the only thing I want . "
My 7 - year - old 's declaration would have brought on an episode of parental angst if he had made it in December of 2005 .
That 's because for all of 2005 my family boycotted goods made in China , and skateboards , like almost everything on the wish lists of the nation 's children – dolls , action figures , video games – are mostly made in China .
Our boycott was n't about politics or product safety .
It was an experiment to measure the connections between my little family and China 's booming export economy .
We wanted to know if we could shake free of China in our lives as consumers – and whether we even wanted to .
The boycott upended our lives .
Our son pined for Chinese - made light sabers and monster trucks .
We placated him with Danish LEGOS .
Broken appliances could not be repaired or replaced .
Our son's sneakers cost nearly $ 70 when our only alternative was tennis shoes from Italy .
We bent boycott rules , even accidentally broke a couple .
Then came Christmas , when we spent too much on German - made toys and jury - rigged homemade gifts ( the handmade sleeping bags did not impress the kids ) .
In the wee hours of Dec. 31 , our son woke us with a cry of joy .
" Tomorrow I 'll be able to buy from King Kong ! " he called into the darkness .
( He meant Hong Kong , a special administrative region of China . )
The end of the boycott felt like liberation .
Life got easier as " Made in China " made its way back into our house .
With three little kids and two jobs , easy can be irresistible .
Then , months ago , I again found myself looking out for the made - in - China label as recalls of Chinese pet food , toothpaste , and millions of lead - tainted toys grabbed the headlines week after week .
Lead , so perilous to children , suddenly seemed everywhere .
I canvassed the house for the metal jewelry that has been the focus of so many recalls .
I signed up for a recall - notification service offered by the US Consumer Product Safety Commission .
I stuck a pacifier made in Germany in our toddler 's mouth to prevent her from sucking on the Chinese toys strewn about our living room .
I wondered what we'd do when Christmas neared , when the pleas for toys made in China would begin .
There was one thing that I did not do , however .
I did not stop buying Chinese products .
It was n't that I minded the hassle of another boycott .
It was n't that I thought the dangers of Chinese toys were n't real .
But in 2005 I had learned that we are too closely tied to China to think that we can turn our backs on it .
The boycott taught me that self - reliance , at the level of the family and the nation , is a thing of the past .
Nobody relinquishes independence without a fight , or at least a sigh .
But that is what we have done , quietly and irreversibly , in turning to China and the rest of the world for so much of what we want and need at the bargain prices we have come to expect .
The boycott taught me something else : that I did not want to turn my back on China .
I 'm not minimizing its huma rights record or abuse of the environment , but I believe the solutions to those concerns and others lie in turning toward China , rather than away .
So I made a leap of faith .
I bought Chinese building blocks for our toddler for Christmas .
( OK , it was n't quite a leap of faith .
I called the company to verify they had been tested for lead paint . )
I ordered snow boots made in China for her sister .
When my son declared his longing for a skateboard , I headed for Target , found a board , and turned it over to find the words I knew I would see : Made in China .
I do n't know if I 'm making the right decision , but the world is a messy , uncomfortable place where tidy decisions are hard to come by , at least for me .
So I will keep reading recall notices , but I wo n't toss China from the house completely .
And when I watch my son step onto his new skateboard and take his first tentative glide , I will imagine him sailing toward the rest of the world , rather than away from it .
Robot solves Rubik ’s cube in seconds
by Dhiram Shah
Created by Kawasaki Japan Cube - Kun is a robot hard coded with a single goal , to solve the ever puzzling Rubik ’s cube in a jiffy .
It has a huge flat panel as a face and has sensors which determine the position of each square and how to solve it quickly .
Source
MSNBC : ' How Bush became a government unto himself '
Mike Aivaz and Muriel Kane
Published : Wednesday December 12 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This Dan Abrams examined the Bush administration 's unprecedented use of signing statements in the second installment of his week - long MSNBC series on " Bush League Justice . "
" President Bush does n't like to veto laws , " Abrams began .
" He does n't have to .
Since he took office , he 's been attaching conditions to laws already passed by Congress , allowing him to essentially disobey the will of Congress and dramatically expand his own power . "
Bush has issued 1100 signing statements -- almost twice as many as all previous presidents put together -- often completely reversing the intended effect of legislation .
For example , when Congress voted overwhelmingly to ban torture , Bush announced that this would " make it clear to the world that this government does not torture . "
Two weeks later , he added a signing statement to the bill that allowed him to ignore it .
Similarly , when a bill required the Justice Department to report to Congress on the use of the Patriot Act , Bush added a proviso that he could override this requirement any time he thought necessary .
Law professor Jonathan Turley told Abrams that the practice has two very serious effects .
On one hand , " by using signing statements to this extent , the president becomes a government unto himself . "
But it also gives lower - level officials cover for their own illegal behavior by creating a deliberate area of ambiguity about the meaning of the laws .
" How does he get away with it ? " Abrams asked Boston Globe reporter Charlie Savage .
Savage explained that signing statements have previously been considered merely as instructions to the executive branch on how to interpret legislation , and typically no one outside the executive branch even reads them .
" It 's an extraordinarily destabilizing effect upon our system , " Turley emphasized .
" Our system really only has one rule that can't be broken ...
That one rule is , you can't go outside the rules . "
Once the executive ceases to respect the authority of the legislative branch , everything else is thrown into doubt .
Savage noted that Dick Cheney appears to be the motivating force in this expansion of presidential power .
Cheney was chief of staff to President Gerald Ford in the 1970's , when Congress was taking steps to prevent any future Watergate - style excesses , and he has never ceased trying to bring things back to the way they were under Nixon .
According to Savage , Cheney 's aide David Addington , who has been with him since the 1980's " is said to be the chief architect of these signing statements " and is the leader of the legal team pushing the most radical theories of presidential power .
" It 's astounding to me how they continue to get away with this , " Abrams concluded .
The following video is from MSNBC's Abrams Report , broadcast on December 11 , 2007
Faith Fighter has been played 28278 times so far on arcadevoid.com with 2 game plays today .
Faith Fighter has an average game rating of 3/5 :
Ron Paul supporters this year should take some advice that Eugene V. Debs gave his supporters almost one hundred years ago .
That might sound strange since the differences between the two men are much more obvious than the similarities .
Gene Debs was a railroad worker and union leader , Ron Paul is an obstetrician and a Congressman .
Gene Debs was a Socialist , Ron Paul is a consrvative libertarian .
Gene Debs is dead , and Ron Paul is fortunately still with us .
Both men ran for President , Gene Debs in 1900 , 1904 , 1908 , 1912 and 1920 as a Socialist , and Ron Paul in 1988 as a Libertarian and this year as a Republican .
Given the difference in their politics that does n't make them soul mates .
Gene Debs ran with the intention of bringing a basic change to American society .
He was in a minority in his thinking , and the society as well as the government were opposed to him .
He preached against imperialism in a country enjoying immensely its first experience as an empire .
He preached in favor of a strong central government in a time when states ' rights were at their strongest .
He preached for the working class when capitalism was in its hey day .
And he preached peace in a time of war .
It was no surprise that he was never elected .
His last presidential campaign was run when he was in the federal prison in Atlanta for opposing the draft .
And yet , for better and for worse , much of what he fought for eventually became a part of the fabric of American political and social thought .
Ron Paul is running this year , as he did in 1988 , with the intention of bringing about a basic change in American society .
He is talking about being less agressive in out foreign policy to a government which is actively seeking to attack new adversaries .
He is talking about smaller government and states ' rights to a country which feels uncomfortable about any thing which is not regulated by the federal government .
He is talking about self reliance and freedom to a society in which victimhood is a desireable role and people look to the government to decide what and how much they eat .
He is talking about freedom to a society which is fleeing from the need to make a choice .
In his most strenuous campaign for the presidency , in 1912 , Debs regularly said two things to his supporters :
“ It is better to vote for what you want and not get it than to vote for what you do n't want and get it . ”
“ If I could take you by the hand and lead you into the promised land , I would not do it .
If I could take you be the hand and lead you into the promised land today , someone else could take you by the hand tomorrow and lead you back out . ”
These are things people who are in favor of changing the society should keep in mind during this campaign and after it .
Follow and support Ron Paul as far as he can go this year , whether that is the White House or the Republican convention Do n't change to supporting someone who is n't what we want , but can win .
For now and for the future remember that you are seeking and working for change , not for an individual leader .
A leader can not do it for you .
For the future it is important to work to bring about the changed and a better society .
If you cannot find a candidate you want , run yourself .
If you cannot do that , recruit someone to run who can .
Remaking an era is not a job for one man or for one year .
If you want a better world , you must create it
G1G1 XO 's are on their way !
Is this it ?
This is it !
Doug Johnson got the first G1G1 XO and yet was only moved to say :
My OLPC XO came today .
Did yours ?
Agh !
That isa proper response if he is , in fact , the first kid ( at heart ) on his block to have clock stopping hot XO technology .
I know when I get my XO via UPS , I 'll be beyond ecstatic with geek lust .
And unlike , Doug , I 'll have a frame - by - frame unboxing photo montage and video , so I can relive the moment time and again .
Seeing the XO laptop box might even beat the high of seeing myself on 60 Minutes !
So Doug , about 50,000 people want to know - are you the first G1G1 XO recipient ?
Update : Doug just dropped me a line to say :
Wayan , yes , as far as I know , this is a real XO .
I am surprised to learn that I may be the first to get one .
Had I know this , I 'd have been more reverential .
Doug has also updated his site to answer a few of our burning questions around G1G1 delivery .
Two key take - aways : no email from OLPC and the laptop came FedEx .
Good luck everyone !
Thanks to Adam for the tip !
Home > Police Enforcement > Seizure / Confiscation > Illinois : Cars with Loud Stereos to be Seized
Edward F wishes that some products were n't quite that honest to him ...
Given how Hollywood is completely flawless in depicting computers -- especially computer hacking -- in movies and television , it 's shocking to see this from CSI : Miami .
Either that , or they just must have IPv4.5 .
( submitted by Geoffrey Kruse )
Chris found himself trapped in the Klauss Building on the Georgia Tech Campus ...
It was enough to make you vomit all over your new denim jacket .
The Gap has been caught using child labor in an Indian sweatshop , and not just child labor - - child slaves .
As extensively reported on the news , the children , some as young as ten , were worked 16 hour days , fed bowls of mosquito - covered rice , and forced to sleep on a roof and use over - flowing latrines .
Those who slowed down were beaten with rubber pipes and the ones who cried had oily cloths stuffed in their mouths .
But let ’s try to look at this dispassionately – not as a human rights issue but as a PR disaster , ranking right up there with the 1982 discovery of cyanide in Tylenol capsules .
Think of this as a case study in a corporate Crisis Communication course :
How is The Gap handling the problem , and could it do better ?
This is not the first time The Gap has been caught using child labor , but CEO Martha Hansen went on the air to state that the situation was “ completely unacceptable ” and that the company would “ act swiftly . ”
Two problems here :
One , she failed to detail the actions .
It would have been nice , for example , if she had announced that some of the top - producing child slaves would be reassigned to manage Gap outlets in American malls , and that the under - performers would be adopted by Angelina Jolie .
The other , more serious , problem is that she got defensive about child labor .
This is the mistake Kathie Lee Gifford made in 1996 .
When accused of using child labor in Honduras to manufacture her Kathie Lee line of clothing , Gifford broke into tears on TV .
Maybe Hansen meant to cover herself by saying that The Gap would not “ ever , ever condone any child laborer making our garments ” rather than saying the company does not condone child labor itself .
We already knew , from the rubber pipes and oily cloths , that The Gap does not condone much from its child laborers .
Hansen underestimated the potential support for a full - throated defense of child labor .
More and more American children are tried and punished as adults today .
And the ubiquitous conservative pundit William Kristol will surely be enthusiastic , considering his recent – though possibly facetious -- statement that “ whenever I hear anything described as a heartless assault on our children , I tend to think it 's a good idea . ”
The core of the argument , though , is that anyone who opposes child labor has not witnessed its opposite , which is child unemployment and idleness .
Hansen claims to be a mother herself , but I wonder how often she has returned home from a hard day in the C- suites to find her unemployed offspring Magic Marker - ing the walls and crushing the Froot Loops into the carpet .
This is what jobless children do :
They rub Crazy Glue into their siblings ’ hair ; they spill apple juice onto your keyboard .
Believe me , I see this kind of wantonly destructive behavior every day .
Vandalism is a way of life for unemployed children , and they do not know the meaning of remorse .
In fact , corporate America should go further and make a strong statement against the sickening culture of dependency that has grown up around childhood .
Why are jobless children so criminally inclined ?
Because they know that whatever damage they inflict , the Froot Loops will just keep coming .
The Gap should portray its child - staffed factories as part of a far - seeing welfare - to - work program , which will eventually be extended to American children as well .
To appeal to American parents , our own child factories should be run more like Montessori schools , where the children are already encouraged to regard every one of their demented activities as “ work . ”
If they ’re going to pile up blocks and knock them down all day , then why not sew on buttons and bring home a little cash ?
But even American families will have to brace themselves for the inevitable cost cutting measures .
First the cookies and milk may have to go , then , as in India , the toilets and beds .
Wal - Mart has already pioneered the price - cutting defense of human rights abuses , and The Gap should follow suit .
The company can of course expect some lingering opposition .
Just as there are vegetarians and pacifists , there will always be some men , for example , who would rather wear skirts than blue jeans impregnated with the excrement and tears of ten - year - olds .
Well , let them shop at American Apparel or some other “ sweat - free ” vendor , and if they ca n’t find anything there , let them wear dhotis .
In a nation that cannot bring itself to extend child health insurance ( SCHIP ) to all children in need , child - made clothes make a fine fashion statement .
And why not accessorize your denim jacket with a scarf derived from one of those oily cloths stuffed in weeping workers ’ mouths ?
Home >
News >
Education >
Higher education Hearts & Minds Since Plato , scholars have drawn a clear distinction between thinking and feeling .
Now science suggests that our emotions are what make thought possible .
Just over 50 years ago , a group of brash young scholars at an MIT symposium introduced a series of ideas that would forever alter the way we think about how we think .
In three groundbreaking papers , including one on grammar by a 27 - year - old linguist named Noam Chomsky , the scholars ignited what is now known as the cognitive revolution , which was built on the radical notion that it is possible to study , with scientific precision , the actual processes of thought .
The movement eventually freed psychology from the grip of behaviorism , a scientific movement popular in America that studied behavior as a proxy for understanding the mind .
Cognitive psychology has fueled a generation of productive research , yielding deep insights into many aspects of thought , including memory , language , and perception .
Tomorrow , Harvard University is celebrating this intellectual achievement with a discussion featuring Chomsky and other luminaries of the revolution .
But even as Harvard , and the field , celebrate the 50th anniversary of a true paradigm shift , another revolution is underway .
Ever since Plato , scholars have drawn a clear distinction between thinking and feeling .
Cognitive psychology tended to reinforce this divide : emotions were seen as interfering with cognition ; they were the antagonists of reason .
Now , building on more than a decade of mounting work , researchers have discovered that it is impossible to understand how we think without understanding how we feel .
" Because we subscribed to this false ideal of rational , logical thought , we diminished the importance of everything else , " said Marvin Minsky , a professor at MIT and pioneer of artificial intelligence .
" Seeing our emotions as distinct from thinking was really quite disastrous . "
This new scientific appreciation of emotion is profoundly altering the field .
The top journals are now filled with research on the connections between emotion and cognition .
New academic stars have emerged , such as Antonio Damasio of USC , Joseph LeDoux of NYU , and Joshua Greene , a rising scholar at Harvard .
At the same time , the influx of neuroscientists into the field , armed with powerful brain - scanning technology , has underscored the thinking - feeling connection .
" When you look at the actual anatomy of the brain you quickly see that everything is connected , " said Elizabeth Phelps , a cognitive neuroscientist at NYU .
" The brain is a category buster . "
The field has largely welcomed the new emotion studies , according to scientists .
They have yielded discoveries that are widely acknowledged as important .
And they have even generated enthusiasm among the leaders of the cognitive revolution , as emotion studies have helped ground cognitive psychology -- which has had a penchant for the abstract -- in the real world , uncovering important science behind everything from how people decide what to buy in a supermarket to how they make weighty moral decisions .
" People were coming up with all these lovely theories that do n't relate to anything that 's going on in the real world , " said Jerome Bruner , a psychologist at NYU and luminary of the cognitive revolution who will speak at the Harvard symposium .
" If we can get back to a sense of cognition that 's more grounded in reality , then that 's a good thing . " . . .
From its inception , the cognitive revolution was guided by a metaphor : the mind is like a computer .
We are a set of software programs running on 3 pounds of neural hardware .
And cognitive psychologists were interested in the software .
The computer metaphor helped stimulate some crucial scientific breakthroughs .
It led to the birth of artificial intelligence and helped make our inner life a subject suitable for science .
For the first time , cognitive psychologists were able to simulate aspects of human thought .
At the seminal MIT symposium , held on Sept. 11 , 1956 , Herbert Simon and Allen Newell announced that they had invented a " thinking machine " -- basically a room full of vacuum tubes -- capable of solving difficult logical problems .
( In one instance , the machine even improved on the work of Bertrand Russell . )
Over time , these simulations grew increasingly sophisticated .
By " reverse - engineering " the mind , cognitive psychologists gained important insights into how some basic mental processes , like learning and memory , might actually function .
Much of the work developing the field was done at the Harvard Center for Cognitive Studies , which was founded in 1960 by Bruner and George Miller , who is now an emeritus professor of psychology at Princeton .
Speaking at that same 1956 symposium , Miller described how , at any given moment , our working memory could contain only about seven bits of information .
According to Miller , the mind dealt with this limited " channel capacity " by constantly grouping our sensations into " chunks . "
This suggested that crucial aspects of cognition were done , without our awareness , by the unconscious brain .
But the computer metaphor was misleading , at least in one crucial respect .
Computers do n't have feelings .
Feelings did n't fit into the preferred language of thought .
Because our emotions were n't reducible to bits of information or logical structures , cognitive psychologists diminished their importance .
" They regarded emotions as an artifact of subjective experience , and thus not worthy of investigation , " said Joseph LeDoux , a neuroscientist at NYU .
In part , this was a necessary omission .
Behaviorists attacked cognitive psychology as lacking rigor .
Because our inner mental processes could n't be measured , the behaviorists , eager to expunge anything that smacked of Freud or introspection , disregarded them as irrelevant and unscientific .
Although cognitive psychologists aggressively defended their approach -- Chomsky quipped that defining psychology as the science of behavior was like defining physics as the science of meter reading -- they were inevitably forced to focus on the facets of cognition they could best understand .
At the time , emotions just seemed too mysterious .
" These were nerdy guys interested in the nerdy aspects of cognition , " said Steven Pinker , a psychologist at Harvard and moderator of tomorrow 's panel .
" It 's not that our emotions are n't interesting topics of study , but these were n't the topics that they were interested in . "
Instead , early cognitive psychologists focused on the features of mind that seemed most machine - like , such as the construction of grammatical sentences .
Antonio Damasio , a neuroscientist at USC , has played a pivotal role in challenging the old assumptions and establishing emotions as an important scientific subject .
When Damasio first published his results in the early 1990s , most cognitive scientists assumed that emotions interfered with rational thought .
A person without any emotions should be a better thinker , since their cortical computer could process information without any distractions .
But Damasio sought out patients who had suffered brain injuries that prevented them from perceiving their own feelings , and put this idea to the test .
The lives of these patients quickly fell apart , he found , because they could not make effective decisions .
Some made terrible investments and ended up bankrupt ; most just spent hours deliberating over irrelevant details , such as where to eat lunch .
These results suggest that proper thinking requires feeling .
Pure reason is a disease .
Scientists are now finding more examples of emotional processing almost everywhere they look .
A study led by Brian Knutson of Stanford University , published last January , demonstrated that our daily shopping decisions depend on the relative activity of various emotional brain regions .
What we end up buying is largely dictated by these instant feelings , and not by some rational calculation .
In 2004 , Harvard psychologist Joshua Greene used brain imaging to demonstrate that our emotions play an essential role in ordinary moral decision - making .
Whenever we contemplate hurting someone else , our brain automatically generates a negative emotion .
This visceral signal discourages violence .
Greene 's data builds on evidence suggesting that psychopaths suffer from a severe emotional disorder -- that they can't think properly because they can't feel properly .
" This lack of emotion is what causes the dangerous behavior , " said James Blair , a cognitive psychologist at the National Institute of Mental Health .
. . .
This new science of emotion has brought a new conception of what it means to think , and , in some sense , a rediscovery of the unconscious .
In the five decades since the cognitive revolution began , scientists have developed ways of measuring the brain that could not have been imagined at the time .
Researchers can make maps of the brain at work , and literally monitor emotions as they unfold , measuring the interplay of feeling and thinking in colorful snapshots .
Although we are n't aware of this mental activity -- much of it occurs unconsciously -- it plays a crucial role in governing all aspects of thought .
The black box of the mind has been flung wide open .
The increasing use of sophisticated imaging is clearly the direction in which the field is moving , scientists say .
And yet some cognitive psychologists worry that this " trend to integrate with neuroscience " means that some aspects of cognition will be neglected .
" Everybody is now looking at these very big mental processes , like attention or emotion , " said Pinker .
" But I think that one of the great things about the cognitive revolution is that it went all the way down to the detailed rules and algorithms used by the mind .
I hope we do n't lose that . "
Pinker hopes the Harvard commemoration will lead people to reflect on the cognitive revolution , to think about " what it got right and what it got wrong . "
The lasting influence of the cognitive revolution is apparent in the language used by neuroscientists when describing the mind .
For example , the unconscious is often described as a massive computer , processing millions of bits of information per second .
Emotions emerge from this activity .
Feelings can be seen as responses to facts and sensations that exist beyond the tight horizon of awareness .
They can also be thought of as messages from the unconscious , as conclusions it has reached after considering a wide range of information -- they are the necessary foundation of thought .
As Jonathan Haidt , a social psychologist at the University of Virginia , recently wrote , " It is only because our emotional brains work so well that our reasoning can work at all . "
Tomorrow 's event at Harvard is from 4 p.m. to 6 p.m. in the Science Center , Hall B .
It is free and open to the public .
Jonah Lehrer is an editor at large at Seed magazine .
His first book , " Proust Was a Neuroscientist , " will be published in November .
© Copyright 2007 Globe Newspaper Company .
Advertisement SEARCH THE ARCHIVES All Globe stories since 2003 are now FREE More search options Advertisement
June 1 , 2007 - Eighty - five percent of women are pleased with their partner 's penis proportions -- yet many normal men suffer " small - penis syndrome , " urologists report .
Small - penis syndrome is the anxiety of thinking one 's penis is too small -- even though it is n't .
It 's a totally different condition from having a truly tiny tinkler , a condition known by the cold , clinical name of micropenis .
Urologists Kevan R. Wylie of Royal Hallemshire Hospital and Ian Eardley of St. James Hospital in Leeds , England , review the literature on penis size in the June issue of the urology journal BJU International .
They urge doctors not to laugh away these very real worries over an imaginary defect .
" It is very common for men to worry about the size of their penis , " Wylie says in a news release .
" It is important that these concerns are n't dismissed as this can heighten concerns and anxieties . "
Wylie and Eardley note that studies of penis size are remarkably consistent .
The average erect penis is about 5.5 to 6.2 inches long and 4.7 to 5.1 inches in circumference at midshaft .
A truly diminutive dangler -- a micropenis -- is less than 2.75 inches long when erect , Wylie and Eardley calculate .
Few men suffer this condition .
Yet 45 % of men want a bigger penis , the researchers find .
No wonder the Internet is rife with offers of " miraculous " penis - lengthening schemes .
There is slight evidence that some of them , such as the Phallosan extender system and the Penistretcher device , may result in slightly lengthening the stretched length of a flaccid penis .
But Wylie and Eardley note that there is far too little peer - reviewed research to know whether these devices -- or others like them -- offer any real benefit .
Similarly , the researchers note that plastic surgeons have been touting their ability to make a man 's flaccid or erect penis larger .
Again , they note , these techniques are unproven except for cases of true deformity .
And they warn that serious complications may ensue .
Wylie and Eardley recommend that urologists take men's concerns seriously .
If education and counseling does n't do the trick , they advise psychotherapy for men whose obsession over penis size is interfering with their lives .
Many a mother has said , with a sigh , “ If your friends jumped off a cliff , would you jump , too ? ”
The answer , for cockroaches at least , may well be yes .
Researchers using robotic roaches were able to persuade real cockroaches to do things that their instincts told them were not the best idea .
This experiment in bug peer pressure combined entomology , robotics and the study of ways that complex and even intelligent patterns can arise from simple behavior .
Animal behavior research shows that swarms working together can prosper where individuals might fail , and robotics researchers have been experimenting with simple robots that , together , act a little like a swarm .
“ We decided to join the two approaches , ” said José Halloy , a biology researcher at the Free University of Brussels and lead author of a paper describing the research in today ’s issue of the journal Science .
Dr. Halloy and his colleagues worked with roaches because their societies are simple , egalitarian and democratic , with none of the social stratification seen in some other insect societies — no queen bees , no worker ants .
“ Cockroaches are not like that , ” Dr. Halloy said .
“ They live all together . ”
Ever downloaded a document or received a file from a friend only to have it print out badly ?
There are lots of potential causes of such problems : different typefaces available to the creator and the printer ; different operating systems and different versions of the same operating systems exposing limitations in supposedly cross- platform standards ; different printer engines , especially when crossing between ink - jet and laser ; and so on .
An oft - overlooked cause of problems , however , is different paper sizes .
When people in the US and Canada reach for a sheet of paper to write or print on , chances are they reach for a piece of Letter - sized paper ( also known as US Letter ) , measuring 8.5 ˝ by 11 ˝ .
With few exceptions , when people everywhere else reach for a sheet of paper to write or print on , they reach for a piece of A4 - sized paper , measuring 210 mm by 297 mm .
A quick conversion between inches and millimetres shows the two sizes are n’t all that different :
Millimetres Inches Width Length Width Length A4 210.0 297.0 8.26 11.69 Letter 215.9 279.4 8.50 11.00
And a scale representation of each page size reinforces the closeness of the two paper sizes .
Which raises the question , why the difference at all ?
If both sizes are arbitrary , why bother with maintaining a difference .
The answers are long and involved , and mostly outside the scope of this article .
At the core , however , it comes down to one thing : A4 is n’t an arbitrary size .
A4 Described
A4 is part of the ISO 216 - series of related paper sizes known more commonly as the A - series .
This series starts with the large A0 sheet and a quick look at this large sheet of paper shows why these various sheets are the sizes they are .
A0 sheets of paper are 841 mm by 1189 mm .
Again , apparently arbitrary .
Multiply the two numbers together , however , and it becomes a little clearer : 841 * 1189 = 999,949 mm squared or 0.999949 m squared ( ie just a smidgen under a square metre of paper ) .
For all practical purposes , an A0 sheet contains a square metre of paper .
So why not make it a 1 m by 1 m sheet ?
Because of another non-arbitrary consideration : the aspect ratio or relationship between the height and width of each sheet .
1189/841 = 1.413793103448276 .
Not particularly memorable , unless you happen to be maths - geeky enough to see the similarity between it and √ 2 ( the square - root of 2 , an irrational number which starts thus : 1.414213562373095 ) .
Round both numbers to four significant figures and you get the same value : 1.414 .
So , the aspect ratio of an A0 sheet of paper is , again for practical purposes , one as to the square - root of two or 1:√2 .
And again , I hear the cries : ‘ so what !’
A ratio of 1:√2 is more than a mathematical oddity .
It does n’t have a nifty name , like the famous Golden Ratio or Golden Mean .
It does , however , have a nifty property .
Divide a rectangle with sides 1:√2 along the longest side and the smaller rectangle you create has the same aspect ratio .
( Markus Kuhn suggested in correspondence we call the ratio the Lichtenberg Ratio , after Professor Georg Christoph Lichtenberg , the German enlightenment figure who first proposed the ratio as a basis for paper formats in 1786 . )
Getting back to the ratio ( named or not ) and its nifty property : if we start with a honking great sheet of A0 paper :
We can easily , and quickly , derive all the other A - series sizes by folding or dividing thus :
In less visual terms , any sheet of A - series paper is as long as the next - larger sheet is wide and half as wide as the next - larger sheet is long .
To wit :
Sheet name Width ( mm ) Length ( mm ) A0 841 1189 A1 594 841 A2 420 594 A3 297 420 A4 210 297 A5 148 210 A6 105 148 A7 74 105 A8 52 75
There are other benefits to this relationship between paper sizes , not least of which is when you want to scale a particular layout .
If you ’ve ever wondered why photocopiers offer a 71 % reduction option wonder no more : 0.71 is approximately equal to ( √ 2 ) /2 or √ 0.5 .
This makes it perfect for reducing an A3 - layout onto an A4 sheet , or an A4 layout onto an A5 sheet or , more commonly , reducing two A4 - sheets side - by - side — say in a journal — neatly and without fuss onto one A4 - sheet .
The equally common 141 % option is , of course , perfect for enlarging from one A - series sheet up to the next ( eg A4 to A3 ) .
Most important , because each sheet has the same aspect ratio , objects retain their relative shapes : squares do n’t become rectangles and circles do n’t become ellipses .
If nothing else , this constancy of relationship makes A - series paper simpler to work with than older paper sizes such as Brief ( 13 ˝ by 16 ˝ , and the source of the ‘ briefs ’ lawyers still use ) or Foolscap ( 27 ˝ x 17 ˝ ) and its near - letter sized derivative , Foolscap Quarto ( 13.5 ˝ by 8.5˝ , commonly if erroneously called ‘ Foolscap ’ ) .
Add in a clear connection to the metric ( or , more properly , the SI ) measuring system and the rise in popularity of A - series paper is fairly easy to understand : as the world has slowly but surely gone metric , so A - series paper has become more popular .
In Australia , for example , the metric system was adopted officially in 1974 , the same year A - series paper ( and related series such as the C - series for envelopes ) started to become the standard .
US Letter Described
The clear connection to the metric system is also a partial explanation for the continued use of Letter - sized paper in the US and Canada .
The US is almost the only country left not to have made the switch from non-metric measures , making the particular advantages of A4 less evident .
As well , although US paper sizes are as arbitrary as is sometimes contended , they are n’t impossible to work with .
There is no derived starting point ( equivalent to the 1 square metre for A0 ) for US paper sizes but the two most popular sizes — Letter and Tabloid — are part of an old American National Standard Institute standard for technical drawing paper .
This standard ( ANSI / ASME Y14.1 ) had five paper sizes swinging back - and - forth between two different aspect ratios :
Sheet name Width ( ˝) Length ( ˝) Aspect Ratio A ( Letter ) 8.5 11.0 1.294 B ( Tabloid ) 11.0 17.0 1.545 C 17.0 22.0 1.294 D 22.0 34.0 1.545 E 34.0 44.0 1.294
This is n’t as elegant or convenient as A - series paper but enlarging and reducing particular layouts whilst retaining internal relationships is n’t especially difficult .
Just skip a paper size when travelling in either direction .
It ’s worth noting that neither aspect ratio has any particular mathematical properties .
And there being two aspect ratios is n’t surprising : fold any rectangle in half that does n’t have sides in ratio 1:√2 and the smaller rectangle ’s sides will be in a different ratio to each other .
Fold the smaller rectangle in half again and this third rectangle will have sides in the same ratio as the one you started with .
This simple property is why rectangles with sides in ratio 1:√2 are so nifty : they are the only ones in which the two ratios you get folding back - and - forth are equivalent and interchangable .
And the sheer utility of this interchangability is why I believe older paper sizes such as US Letter will eventually disappear , even in the US .
For example , the current version of the ANSI standard noted above — ANSI / ASME Y14.1 m- 1995 — recognises the older paper sizes for legacy purposes only , setting A - series paper as the preferred US standard for technical drawings .
Moreover , I understand A - series paper — especially A4 — is slowly becoming the norm in US colleges and universities , if for no other reason than making it easier for students and staff to photocopy articles from ( inevitably A4 - sized ) journals .
Finally , globalisation exacts its toll : US companies doing business with officialdom outside the US ( especially the EU ) are finding they must submit proposals , tenders , diagrams and so on on A - series paper .
Looking for the right file format
Which is all well and good , but does n’t solve the immediate problem : how can anyone designing documents today for use in North America and the rest of the world ensure their designs do n’t fail because of the differences between A4 - and Letter - sized paper ?
First , and in reference to all the other potential causes of problems alluded to above , do n’t send or distribute documents that depend on external factors to display and print properly .
So , no Word documents , no Quark XPress documents , no PageMaker files , no AppleWorks files and so on .
Even if you are certain the person receiving your files has the same version of the same application , all the typefaces you ’ve used and is using the same printer , none of these file - formats are safe to send across the paper - size divide .
They fail at this last point because they still depend on external factors to display and print .
For example , a Word document formatted with 25 mm margins on Letter - sized paper will re-flow the text it contains when opened on a computer which defaults to displaying documents on A4 .
Even straight prose running in a single column will re-paginate under such circumstances .
Anything more complex ( eg , a mix of text and images or a screenplay ) will almost certainly appear incorrectly at the receiving end under such conditions .
( I ’d even go so far as to suggest sending discrete text files ( ie a text file sent as an attachment to an e-mail message rather than being made part of the message body ) is out , if only because of the still extant ‘ which line - ending did they use ’ problem but this is a separate problem . )
The list of document types not to send is fairly lengthy .
The list of document types that can be sent is rather short : raw PostScript files and Adobe Acrobat ( aka ‘ pdf ’ ) files .
Both file formats encode and fix the spatial relations between individual elements on a page .
Generating raw PostScript files is relatively simple : set your computer to print to a PostScript - capable printer ( even if you do n’t have one available ) and then ‘ print ’ your document to a file .
The file produced this way is safe to send .
Unfortunately , the file ca n’t be viewed on a screen without engaging in some serious geekery and can only be reliably printed by sending it to a PostScript - capable printer .
Acrobat files : best of a bad lot
Which , by default , makes Acrobat files the best option .
I say ‘ by default ’ because Acrobat files would n’t be my first choice .
The file - format is only semi-open and Acrobat files are larger than I ’d like them to be , when compared to the amount of information encoded within them .
There ’s also the small point of cost .
Once you ’ve bought a copy of Word , it does n’t cost anything more to create a Word document .
Likewise with other document creation tools like Quark XPress , WordPerfect , PageMaker and so on .
By contrast , Acrobat is n’t marketed or sold as a document creation tool .
Adobe describes Acrobat as :
Roughly speaking , Acrobat is a successor to PostScript .
Like PostScript , Acrobat is a programming language designed to exactly define where on a page objects should be placed .
As well , Acrobat includes some occasionally nifty tools for turning these well - defined pages into forms capable of handling new data on - the - fly .
From the perspective of someone seeking to distribute formatted pages , the key difference between Acrobat and PostScript is the Adobe Acrobat Reader .
Where Adobe charges money for people to include a PostScript interpreter in their products ( part of the reason PostScript printers cost more than non-PostScript printers ) the Acrobat interpreter ( ie Acrobat Reader ) is freeware , available for download and included as part of almost every computer or operating system purchase .
Which sounds great until you have to create an Acrobat file and realise Adobe has merely changed who they charge .
PostScript files are free to create ( PostScript printer drivers are free ) but cost money to view ( PostScript printers are expensive compared to non-PostScript printers ) .
Acrobat files are free to view ( Acrobat Reader is free ) but cost money to create ( no Adobe - brand tools for creating Acrobat files are free ) .
Creating Acrobat files
Adobe offers several tools for creating Acrobat files , beginning with a web - based service which you can trial for nothing and subscribe to for US $ 10.00 / month or US $ 100 / year .
This service is only available to residents of the US and Canada .
For the rest of us ( and for US and Canadian folk who prefer an up - front cost to an ongoing subscription fee ) there ’s Adobe Acrobat , which Adobe charges US $ 250.00 for but which can be had from retailers for around US $ 220.00 .
Adobe also offers a range of more expensive products in the Acrobat family designed around the needs of corporate workflow .
And , for the adventurous , there are various third - parties that take advantage of Acrobat ’s semi-open nature to provide Acrobat creation tools without Adobe ’s formal seal of approval .
A good place to start digging for info regarding such tools is The PDF Zone .
Preparing files for Acrobat
So , with the final file - format decided , and tools for creating said format in hand , it ’s time to deal with the document layout .
At first glance it seems relatively simple : restrict your designs and layouts to an area which both sizes can accomodate .
If you place an A4 - and Letter - sized paper one atop the other , with their top left - hand corners touching , the differences between the two sheets is obvious : Letter is wider than A4 ; A4 is longer than Letter .
So , for a design or layout to fit safely on both sheet sizes it must be no wider than A4 and no longer than Letter .
Put another way , the limits for a design or layout which will fit safely on either page size are the width of an A4 sheet ( 210 mm or 8.27 ˝ ) and the length of a Letter sheet ( 11 ˝ or 279.4 mm ) .
Unfortunately , it ’s not quite so simple .
Take a single A4 - sheet , and apply the standard 25 mm ( approximately 1 ˝ ) margins most of us use when preparing letters , reports , articles and the like .
The working area — 160 mm by 247 mm — is well within the bounds noted above .
Fill the page with text , however , and a problem occurs if the document is sent to someone using Letter .
To wit :
The text still fits onto a single US Letter sheet , but it spills over the margins .
When a Letter - user prints the file , the page will either not print properly ( because part of the text is placed into a non-printable portion of the sheet ) or will print on a second page .
The second result is better but neither is desirable and the second is dependent on too many uncontrollable variables in any event .
To avoid this problem , the only option for A4 - users sharing documents with Letter - users is to increase their bottom margins to 45 mm .
This ensures the text on their pages wo n’t extend into the no-go zone when viewed and printed by folks still using Letter .
To again show rather than tell :
Switching to landscape , it ’s Letter - users who need to make the bottom - margin adjustments .
With a standard 25 mm margin on all sides , a landscape layout that looks fine on Letter - sized paper encroaches into the danger area on A4 :
Add an extra 6 mm ( about 0.2˝ ) to the bottom margin and the problem is avoided :
The layouts presented in miniature above are deliberately simple but the suggested margin changes should work even with more complicated grid - based layouts .
Troubles can and will arise , however , with layouts built around a centre axis rather than one of the traditional grids .
A layout built around only one central axis should still display and print acceptably across the paper - size divide with appropriate margin tweaks .
A simple Victorian - style poster , for example , set up along the vertical axis in portrait mode :
A close look reveals one minor display problem .
The design is perfectly centred on the A4 - sheet but a little off - centre on the US letter page .
An unavoidable consequence of two things : 1 ) A4 and US Letter are n’t the same width and 2 ) almost every tool for laying out and presenting data digitally uses the left - hand top corner of the page as the reference point for determining where objects should appear on the page .
Similar problems will appear with designs built around the vertical axis in landscape mode .
If even these minor visual errors are unacceptable there is little option but to prepare two versions of a design ( eg a US Letter and A4 version or a US Tabloid and A3 version ) .
Designs built around both the vertical and horizontal central axes will almost certainly need both US and non-US versions prepared in any event .
Avoiding the problem to begin with
If all this seems like trouble you ’d be well without , welcome to the club .
Unfortunately , the only current alternatives to acknowledging and dealing with the problem are :
ignore it and irritate and / or lose the custom of people who use a different page size to you .
convince the US ( and Canada ) to abandon their various Imperial measurement systems and whole - heartedly switch to the SI ( or metric , to use the less formal term ) system .
Most people will end up ignoring the problem .
This is only an irritating lapse in manners for people sharing documents for non-commercial reasons , mostly forgiven or at least not commented on by the affected party .
And , despite the magnitude , it is a commonly made commercial error because the lost business is hidden by the relative sizes of the two major economies affected : the US and the EU .
Someone operating successfully in one sphere can ignore the other and not notice the lost revenue .
As for the second alternative , and despite my muted optimism above , I do n’t see it happening in the near future .
A switch by fiat ( as happened successfully in Australia beginning in 1974 ) is extremely unlikely and the slow osmosis of metric terms into US life has n’t yet reached the stage where such measures are replacing their imperial equivalents .
Which leaves us where we started : dealing with two slightly different paper sizes and all the inconveniences which flow from the differences .
Financial Musings from the financially challenged
Mr McConnell said the legal test for torture should be " pretty simple "
Mr McConnell said it would also be torture if water - boarding , which involves simulated drowning , resulted in water entering a detainee 's lungs .
He told the New Yorker there would be a " huge penalty " for anyone using it if it was ever determined to be torture .
The US attorney - general has declined to rule on whether the method is torture .
However , Michael Mukasey said during his Senate confirmation hearing that water - boarding was " repugnant to me " and that he would institute a review .
Whether it 's torture by anybody else 's definition , for me it would be torture
Mike McConnell
US Director of National Intelligence
In December , the House of Representatives approved a bill that would ban the CIA from using harsh interrogation techniques such as water - boarding .
President George W Bush has threatened to veto the bill , which would require the agency to follow the rules adopted by the US Army and abide by the Geneva Conventions , if the Senate passes it .
' Painful '
In the interview with the New Yorker , the US Director of National Intelligence said he would regard water - boarding as torture if it was used against him .
The controversial technique involves a prisoner being stretched on his back , having a cloth pushed into his mouth and / or plastic film placed over his face and having water poured onto his face .
He gags almost immediately .
" If I had water draining into my nose , oh God , I just can't imagine how painful ! " he told the magazine .
WATER -BOARDING
Prisoner bound to a board with feet raised , and cellophane wrapped round head .
Water is poured onto face and is said to produce a fear of drowning
Q&A : Water - boarding Water - boarding scrutinised
" Whether it 's torture by anybody else 's definition , for me it would be torture . "
Mr McConnell said the legal test for torture should be " pretty simple " .
" Is it excruciatingly painful to the point of forcing someone to say something because of the pain ? " he added .
But the retired vice - admiral declined for legal reasons to say whether the technique should be considered torture by the US government .
" If it ever is determined to be torture , there will be a huge penalty to be paid for anyone engaging in it , " he said .
CIA officials have been quoted as saying that water - boarding has been used on three prisoners since 2001 , including al - Qaeda recruiter Abu Zubaydah , but on nobody since 2003 .
In July 2007 , President Bush signed a controversial executive order on the treatment of suspects detained by the CIA which did not outlaw the agency 's use of " enhanced interrogation techniques " such as water - boarding .
Disclaimer : I am not a lawyer .
I'm a cybersecurity Ph.D. student and take classes in the Indiana University law school , but this in no way makes me a legal expert .
CaveatlLector .
Within the last few weeks , there have been a number of reports by Comcast customers claiming that their BitTorrent downloads and uploads have been capped -- or worse , blocked .
TorrentFreak recently reported that Comcast , a major U.S. cable company , is using an application from Sandvine to throttle such connections .
Comcast and LolCat Buildr
Many ISPs routinely filter the traffic on their networks .
Many forbid customers from running e-mail servers or Web servers , and when the ISP detects that a customer 's computer has been hacked , they often sever the Internet connection until the machine has been patched .
Thus , the fact that a major ISP is now filtering yet another class of Internet traffic should not be major news -- except for two factors : BitTorrent traffic accounts for upwards of 25 percentof U.S. Internet traffic , and the techniques used by Comcast are essentially the same as those used by the Great Firewall of China .
Before we get deeply into this issue , let us step back for a brief and high - level lesson in TCP / IP and Internet filtering technologies .
Most Internet applications communicate via TCP , a protocol that uses a three - way handshake to establish a connection .
The very first step in a three - way handshake involves the client sending a SYN packet to the receiving party .
Modern firewalls block this packet for banned types of traffic -- that is , they prevent the recipient from receiving it , and as such , the connection can never be established .
Your home firewall does this , as well as those used by Comcast and other ISPs to prevent you from sending millions of e-mail spam messages from their network .
Assuming that the SYN packet goes through , the three - way handshake is allowed to happen , then the two hosts will be able to begin communicating .
Your ISP can still kill the connection later , should it wish to , merely by blocking the transmission of future packets .
According to TorrentFreak , Comcast is not doing this .
They are instead sending a reset ( or RST ) packet to the Comcast customer , pretending to be from the host at the end of the BitTorrent connection .
This RST packet is the TCP equivalent of stating " I do n't want to talk to you anymore , please terminate the connection . "
It is extremely important to note that when Comcast creates and sends this packet , it does not identify itself as the the source of packet , but instead impersonates one of the parties involved in the BitTorrent connection .
This is where things get rather shady .
Last year , researchers from Cambridge University analyzed the Great Firewall of China and found that it used falsified RST packets to terminate connections that matched keyword filters .
They were able to determine that users could evade the Chinese government 's censorship system by ignoring these reset packets .
Ok , so the Chinese government and Comcast are using the same censorship techniques .
Why should we care ?
The Chinese government does n't have to pay attention to U.S. law , but Comcast , being a U.S. company , does .
Many states make it illegal for an individual to impersonate another individual .
New York , a state notorious for its aggressive pro-consumer office of the Attorney General , makes it a crime for someone to " [ impersonate ] another and [ do ] an act in such assumed character with intent to obtain a benefit or to injure or defraud another . "
( See : NY Sec. 190.25 : Criminal impersonation in the second degree ) .
I do not believe that it would be too difficult to prove that Comcast obtains a benefit by impersonating others to eliminate or reduce BitTorrent traffic .
Less torrent data flowing over their network will lead to an overall reduction in their bandwidth bill , and thus a huge cost savings .
New York is not the only state with such a law .
Several other states including Connecticut and Alabama have similar laws on the books .
Should any state AG 's office decide to go after Comcast , it is quite possible that Comcast could be looking at a world of regulatory pain .
Comcast is perfectly within its right to filter the Internet traffic that flows over its network .
What it is not entitled to do is to impersonate its customers and other users , in order to make that filtering happen .
Dropping packets is perfectly OK , while falsifying sender information in packet headers is not .
Love Light Displays ?
6 Ways To Trim Your Energy Costs , Not The Cheer
There was a time when we did n’t have kids , a time when we never bothered with Christmas lights , decor , trees and so forth .
But when you have children and your entire street lights up like noone ’s business , then you end up wanting to join the town light parade to some degree so that you ’re “ imbibing the Christmas spirit ” and spreading holiday cheer .
But even as your neighbors raise their bubbly Claus inflatables and sic their snowflake spotlights on the neighborhood , you may want to find balance between wanting to impress the town , and conserving energy and money .
I ’m sure you ’ve heard of all those people out there who really take their lights seriously .
Each year , I watch those HGTV specials depicting the efforts of some families or neighborhoods to bedeck their homes completely with lights .
And I ’m always awed .
In the end , their work looks like this :
If you ’re a feed subscriber , check this out for the light show .
And I think to myself : it ’s really cool , but something we ’ll never be able to attempt for obvious reasons .
Who has the time , inclination , money and energy to do this ?
And yet , it happens .
So I can only be impressed when someone else pulls it off .
At any rate , here are some thoughts about Christmas displays and how you may be able to save more than just your money this time of year :
Save Money , Energy and More During The Holidays
# 1 Opt not to decorate ( or even celebrate ) .
I was firmly in this camp when I had no children .
When you ’re not in your “ nesting phase ” , doing holiday trims do n’t seem like the top thing in your mind when parties and all night frolicking are beckoning you .
During that time of my life , my holidays consisted of simple gift exchanges with my childless family members .
A decade or so later , things are different and our families are celebrating the holidays more colorfully .
The point here is , you do n’t have to decorate if you do n’t see a need .
Or you can do so minimally .
# 2 Attend someone else ’s parties , watch other people ’s displays .
It follows that if you ’re not decorating on your own and not hosting parties , then you ’re spending less — a good thing !
If you still want to celebrate , be a guest .
Attend office parties !
Though it ’s now a far cry from the dot - com era when the parties were out of this world and FREE ( think : corporate excess ) .
[ An aside : Reminiscing about the past , I recall holiday office parties here in Silicon Valley ’s tech zone presenting with ornate themes .
One such office party had people on stilts and roving magicians , ladies in costumes serving fancy hors d’ouvres , multi- flavored cheesecake and sushi .
Another office event saw the San Francisco Zoo roped off for one early December evening .
Guests ( i.e. employees ) were herded in an enclosure that had a dance pad in the middle of what seemed like a glass enclosure for lions , tigers and other wild cats .
Great , attendees danced wildly with that flashing disco ball on the ceiling wondering whether it aggravated the animals .
That was the way it was before any form of belt - tightening and the big tech bust . ]
These days , corporate parties may no longer be free ( we ’re charged $ 25 a head to attend mine ) , so I skip those that charge and attend those that do n’t , such as my spouse’s .
One other thing we do is we drive around neighborhoods around where we live that are known to put up extensive and grand light displays .
There are streets around that are famous for their Christmas set up .
I can just imagine what it ’s like to buy a house on such a street — the pressure to participate must be enormous !
# 3 Prepare and lay out your decorations yourself .
You do n’t have to buy the decor — they can become fun craft projects if you ’re handy .
In our case , it ’s customary for our family to go out , fetch a tree from a tree farm , put up lights in the yard and ornaments on the tree .
If everyone in the family participates , it can be quite an enjoyable time .
# 4 Use the most energy efficient materials .
It ’s been heavily advised that we start using the new light technology available for the holidays .
LED lights ( for “ Light Emitting Diode ” ) have a lot of advantages , mainly :
They save more power to the tune of 3.33 % less ( according to Gizmodo ) than incandescents .
They use 10 times less energy than other lights .
They are more durable , reliable and last much longer than older lights .
They last 20 times longer than mini-lights .
They are cooler , so they lower the risk of fires ( Christmas tree fires occur more commonly than you think ) .
Replacing large bulbs with LED lights will save the amount of electricity required to power 200,000 homes for one year .
Less energy used = less power plants built
Here ’s a price comparison chart :
To find out how much you ’re spending on your decor , you can try this calculator , or this one .
The downside here is that LEDs cost more money initially while you save on the energy use ; the cost is typically twice that of mini-lights .
But for the goal of energy conservation to “ save the planet ” , buying LEDs would be worth the investment , even if it means that you break even after 13 years .
# 5 Go with less .
So I already mentioned you can do things more minimally .
If you ’d like a tree , instead of that 8 ft ceiling scraper , go for the 5 ft one .
Or the kind you can put up on a table somewhere ( those are pretty cute ) .
Instead of a dazzling light circus on your yard , go with less lighting .
I guess the idea is to moderate oneself and not be tempted to outdo the guy next door .
# 6 Finally , stay safe !
I ’m sure you ’ve heard those horror stories that illustrate just how easy it is to lose your life ’s savings and more from a mere slip up .
Well , the holiday season can actually pose its own hazards .
To stay safe , try these great tips republished from the California Energy Commission and Alliance to Save Energy :
Make sure all lights you purchase contain the Underwriters Laboratories ( UL ) label , which means they meet UL safety requirements .
While you ’re reading labels , be sure you ’re buying the right set–for indoor use , outdoor use , or both .
Before installation , check for frayed wires , damaged sockets , or cracked insulation .
If you find any defects , replace the entire set .
All outdoor cords , plugs and sockets must be weatherproof .
Keep electrical connections off the ground .
Do n’t overload your electrical circuits .
Remember that hot bulbs can ignite dry tree branches .
To avoid disaster , keep trees well watered and keep extension cords and light strings away from the water .
Light your tree only when you are at home and awake to enjoy it .
Keep a fire extinguisher handy , and be sure your home ’s smoke detectors have new batteries and that they ’re working properly .
Turn Christmas lights off during the day or when you are away or when you are asleep .
Timers are a simple way to do this .
Always unplug your lights before going to bed or leaving home .
Protect little fingers :
Make sure there ’s a bulb in each socket .
If a bulb is burned out , leave it in until you have a replacement .
To prevent electrical shock , never use electric decorations on artificial trees with metallic needles , leaves , or branches .
Make sure artificial trees are flame retardant .
Take the lights down after the holidays !
No need to light up the night until spring !
-ooOoo -
Yes , holidays have a cost — the decor is pricey , gifts entail a bite out of your budget , and these next two months will make you shake your head after you see your bills .
But it ’s fun .
And tradition .
And when you have kids , it becomes a bigger deal .
I always find it a great accomplishment if I can manage to save money and / or energy during this time of year since whatever we do save , we use to beef up our charitable giving efforts for the year .
Somehow , it works out pretty well in the end .
Other Resources :
Cost of Holiday Lighting and Inflatable Lawn Decorations
Copyright © 2007 The Digerati Life .
All Rights Reserved .
This blog by econometrician Dirk Nachbar is for people who are interested in economics , econometrics , forecasting , and political and cultural issues
Worried ?
Talk It Out New evidence explains why writing or talking about problems can ease the pain .
July 10 , 2007  --
Scientists are developing new evidence that helps explain why just writing about fear and depression , or talking with a friend , can help make the pain go away .
It turns out that verbalizing our worries or fears has a measurable impact on various parts of the brain .
So does simply sitting on the floor and meditating about such mundane things as breathing .
Ever since Sigmund Freud postulated that talking about our problems was good therapy , experts have argued over whether he was right .
Psychoanalysis has a checkered past , and while many believe it works , not everyone agrees .
Now , there 's new evidence that at least something is going on in the human brain when fears are put into words , or when meditation creates a state of mind that is free from distraction .
" Lots of people have known that therapy works , or writing in a journal helps , but lots of other people do n't believe that , " said psychologist Matthew D. Lieberman of the University of California , Los Angeles .
" Now we 're beginning to understand the mechanism for how that works , and that may allow someone who is more skeptical to make sense of it . "
It may also lead to better ways to treat patients who are emotionally disturbed , he added .
Lieberman and scientists at a number of institutions are using functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) to scan the brains of people as they verbalize fear , or as they meditate .
The effect is surprisingly similar .
Thirty people participated in Lieberman 's study , which is published in the current issue of Psychological Science .
They were shown a series of photographs , such as angry faces or passive faces , and the angry faces produced a response in the part of the brain called the amygdala , which is sort of the brain 's alarm system .
But that response changed when the participants described the photographs .
" When you attach the word ' angry , ' you see a decreased response in the amygdala , " Lieberman said .
But simultaneously there is an increase in activity in another part of the brain , the right ventrolateral prefrontal cortex , which is believed to inhibit emotional response .
" The amygdala is a very old region of the brain that we share with many other animals , " he said .
" Rodents have an amygdala that functions very much like ours and it's a primitive system for detecting threat and ambiguous things in the environment .
We quickly turn our attention to them and mobilize resources to deal with them . "
It activates all sorts of stress hormones , sending adrenaline through the system , and that 's a good thing because it prepares the body to act .
But too much of that can be bad for the body , causing diseases related to stress .
" So the amygdala being turned on occasionally is an incredibly adaptive feature that we and other animals have , but when the amygdala is turned on too often or too intensely that 's not good for us , " Lieberman said .
It 's significant that when the participants in the study verbalized their thoughts when shown an angry face , the activity in the amygdala decreased , and activity in the prefrontal cortex increased .
" The prefrontal cortex seems to be involved in turning off emotional stuff , " Lieberman said .
So it puts the brakes on the emergency response alarm sent out by the amygdala , thus reducing stress .
It works , he suggests , " when people are explicitly making sense of their own feelings , usually by putting them into words . "
Meanwhile , Richard Davidson , professor of psychology and psychiatry at the University of Wisconsin School of Medicine and Public Health , has been using the same technique to study the neurological effect of meditation .
Participants in his study ranged from meditation newcomers to Tibetan monks with 54,000 hours of meditation experience .
Those brain scans also showed an increase in activity in the prefrontal cortex , which is — among its many functions — involved in the control and regulation of attention .
The Wisconsin researchers , who published their work in a recent issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , even resorted to a little psychological warfare to see whether they could distract the attention of the participants .
It was n't hard to derail the newcomers , because meditation is n't as easy as it sounds , but the monks had no trouble at all .
" Most people , if they heard a baby screaming , would have some emotional response , " Davidson said .
But the monks remained nonplussed .
" They do hear the sound — we can detect that in the auditory cortex — but they do n't have the emotional reaction . "
In other words , less amygdala , more prefrontal cortex , the same result that the UCLA researchers found .
Davidson 's research grew out of a scientific relationship with the Dalai Lama , spiritual leader of Tibetan Buddhists , and he has studied them for 15 years .
Lieberman hopes that the research will eventually lead to a more enlightened approach to treating patients with severe emotional problems .
If the amygdala , for example , is running out of control , there 's little chance that the prefrontal cortex will be able to correct the course .
And if the prefrontal cortex is n't up to the task , " talk therapy is n't going to work because the machine does n't work right , " he said .
Of course , it is n't practical to give every patient a brain scan to see whether medication , or therapy , is the right course .
" It would be ridiculous to have somebody get a $ 1,000 scan to see if they should be getting $ 80 therapy , " Lieberman said .
" The hope is that in five or 10 years we 'll have some simple tasks , and have patients do a simple emotional task , " to determine whether the problem lies in the amygdala or in the prefrontal cortex , he said .
" That would be a very cheap instrument for health providers . "
Lee Dye is a former science writer for the Los Angeles Times .
He now lives in Juneau , Alaska .
Copyrighted Image ?
DMCA
Typically , the US responds with promises of more spin and PR , more ludicrous attempts to put a smiley face on torture , lies , and aggressive war .
The US will try to spread the guilt around and " reframe " the issue .
They 've wasted no time .
As I write this , Colleen Graffy , of the US State Department , is telling Stephen Sackur , of BBC's Hard Talk , that other nations maintained GITMO - like facilities where people are held indefinitely in legal limbo .
She failed to name one .
It 's unfortunate , she says , that some people ought not be afforded what Americans have always called Due Process of Law .
Because the GOP often thinks backward from conclusions to premises , GOP types have failed to grasp the essential nature of " Due Process of Law " , that is , either it applies to everyone or it does n't apply at all .
Any exception is arbitrary and no one may be presumed guilty in advance of Due Process .
It just does n't work that way .
The GOP has apparently institutionalized post hoc ergo propter hoc .
America has an " image problem " because the rest of the world knows America by the lies Bush tells the world .
A new report by an influential policy group in America says the US Government needs an urgent public relations overhaul to improve its image in the international community .
The report by the New York - based Council on Foreign Relations says the Bush administration has significantly under - performed in its efforts to capture the hearts and minds of non-Americans .
In trying to sell its foreign policy and values , the administration needs to do much more , and it needs to do it fast .
According to the report , negative attitudes about US policy are particularly pervasive in the Muslim world , America 's image problem is truly global .
-- US ' suffers global image problem '
Bush 's lies are designed to conceal a hidden agenda that lurks behind America 's failing image abroad .
The rest of the world knows that Bush 's " War on Terror " is both a lie and a red herring if the American people do not .
Another transparent PR campaign is the last thing the US needs .
So why not go down , meet with the doctors , with the guards , with the interrogators , and still put in the report but we would have liked to have spoken with the detainees .
But frankly what would we have learned from that ?
If the detainee said we 're being tortured , you 'd say well there 's OK there 's the Al Qaeda manual , chapter 18 that the British police discovered in Manchester saying if you 're detained claim you were tortured .
Or if they 're not told they 're tortured then they 'll say well you detainees were specially chosen .
-- Colleen Graffy , US State Department , Guantanamo Bay , Sunday 12 March 2006 Andrew Marr interview with Colleen Graffy ,
Thus is summed up the danger any " war on terrorism " poses to Due Process of Law .
Bush officials can be relied upon to come up with a circulus en probando rationalization designed to legitimatize any outrage .
At a time when some 70 % of Iraqis believe security has deteriorated in those " areas covered by the US military ' surge ' " , Bush efforts to define those thrown into any US facility as " terrorist " is absurd .
An arbitrary exception to Due Process is thus made for people " accused " of being terrorist , though they are never formally " accused " or charged .
They just " are " .
Bush says so .
Terrorism is whatever Bush says it is .
Terrorism should be dealt with by intelligence personnel and law enforcement .
" Terrorism " as consisting of specific , prosecutable crimes should be treated like any other intelligence and law enforcement problem .
It is understandable that Bush would not want to do so .
To so treat those crimes robs him of the power he seeks .
It deprives him of the various pre-texts he needs to wage war on the world .
Free of " terrorist " distractions , the utterly failed and corrupt nature of Bush 's miserable regime would become apparent even to his corrupt GOP base .
Thousands have been robbed of " personhood " because Bush assumes arbitrary powers never intended by the founders .
Not surprisingly , Bush opposes Due Process of Law because he is in violation of it .
Of course he would oppose the Geneva Convention and US Codes .
US Codes , in particular , prescribe the death penalty for crimes attributable to Bush personally .
Due Process of Law was intended to prevent what Bush is doing in fact .
Bush 's failed " surge " leaves in its wake a giant sucking sound -- Bush 's BS rhetoric played backward .
The surge failed because it was the wrong war against the wrong target for the wrong reasons at the wrong time .
Nothing about it was right but then Bush has never been right about anything at any time for any reason .
For political purposes , Bush proposed to wage a war on terror against everyone but terrorists .
Certainly , Saddam had nothing to do with 911 and most certainly never supported al Qaeda .
If Iraq is now an al Qaeda " base " , it is Bush 's fault -- not Saddam's .
Bush failed because , by definition , no government propped up by US forces is legitimate .
Having failed the fundamentals , Bush had hoped to paper over them with " fresh meat " .
He would not hesitate to throw US troops into the grinder .
Tragically , he may never be held to account for the lives he so eagerly and gleefully sacrificed .
The lies he has told about the nature of their sacrifice and the nature of his criminal fraud upon the American people is enough in itself to try him for high treason .
If all the war criminals in his administration should ever hang for the capital crimes for which they are culpable , it will be ironic that it will be for the foreign troops killed in his wars of aggression .
It will be a tragic injustice if Bush himself should escape charges for the lives of US troops that Bush so eagerly sacrificed .
Less than 12 hours after the 9/11 attacks , George W. Bush proclaimed the start of a global war on terror .
Ever since , there has been a vigorous debate about how to win it .
Bush and his supporters stress the need to go on the offensive against terrorists , deploy US military force , promote democracy in the Middle East , and give the commander in chief expansive wartime powers .
His critics either challenge the very notion of a " war on terror " or focus on the need to fight it differently .
Most leading Democrats accept the need to use force in some cases but argue that success will come through reestablishing the United States ' moral authority and ideological appeal , conducting more and smarter diplomacy , and intensifying cooperation with key allies .
They argue that Bush 's approach to the war on terror has created more terrorists than it has eliminated -- and that it will continue to do so unless the United States radically changes course .
-- Philip H. Gordon , Can the War on Terror Be Won ?
Foreign Affairs Both parties miss the point .
As any idiot will tell you : you cannot wage a war on terrorism upon everyone but terrorists and expect to win .
What was originally called " Operation Iraqi Liberation " [ OIL ] failed to achieve the publicized objectives because those were not the real objectives .
Bush either lied or he is stupid or both !
Iraq had nothing to do with 911 and , until the US arrived in Baghdad , there were no " terrorists " in that nation .
Even now , the point is debatable .
Initially , the US deliberately mislabeled a " resistance " to US occupation " terrorist " or " insurgent " .
In the long run , the United States and its allies are far more likely to win this war than al Qaeda , not only because liberty is ultimately more appealing than a narrow and extremist interpretation of Islam but also because they learn from mistakes , while al Qaeda 's increasingly desperate efforts will alienate even its potential supporters .
From the Zealots in the first century AD to the Red Brigades , the Palestine Liberation Organization , the Irish Republican Army , the Tamil Tigers , and others in more recent times , terrorism has been a tactic used by the weak in an effort to produce political change .
Like violent crime , deadly disease , and other scourges , it can be reduced and contained .
But it can not be totally eliminated .
-- Philip H. Gordon , Can the War on Terror Be Won ?
Foreign Affairs
What Gordon has n't told you is that " wars " on tyranny or terrorism are not won by becoming tyrants or terrorists .
By arrogating unto himself powers never bestowed upon the Presidency by our founders , Bush has become both a tyrant and a terrorist himself .
Thus , the war against Iraq is lost and the fraudulent nature of the " war on terrorism " is exposed .
Next Page 1 | 2 ( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Len Hart Social Media Pages :
Len Hart is a Houston based film / video producer specializing in shorts and full - length documentaries .
He is a former major market and network correspondent ; credits include CBS , ABC - TV and UPI .
He maintains the progressive blog :
The ( more ... )
The views expressed herein are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website or its editors .
OpEdNews depends upon can't survive without your help .
If you value this article and the work of OpEdNews , please either Donate or Purchase a premium membership .
There are several points on the motherboard where power can be draw , for devices requiring 3.3v or 5 v .
Ground is universal and allows for short wire runs .
A diagram over the points can be found on the research page .
The signal wires thickness is 30 AWG and 24 AWG for the power and ground wires .
The wire type is called wire wrap and used for prototyping and repair work .
Mine is Tefzel insulated and made by Habia Cable .
Some of the devices are held in place by double - sided 1 mm thick foam tape .
To cover up and prevent shorts I used 3M Kapton 10 mm wide tape .
USB hub
To install USB devices internally , more USB connections were needed .
I looped into the regular USB - ports and routed the D+/D- signals from the southbridge ( IO controller ) to each USB hub .
The on - board port I hooked into was then connected back to the USB hub .
By installing two new USB hubs , I got 6 free internal USB connections I could use for devices ( 2x USB hubs = 8 ports , minus 2 x on - board USB - ports = 6 ports ) .
Having two storage devices , flash drive and SD card reader , on the same upstream connection is not a good idea speed - wise , therefore I put one on a separate hub .
More information about USB hubs over at Wikipedia .
The reason I choose to hook into the USB - port and leave the spare mini PCI - express USB connection alone is that I want to :
Be able to use mini PCI - express cards based on USB later
Disable the USB - ports in BIOS and disable all the new internally installed USB devices
Not having to deal with the webcam or wifi disabled in the BIOS affecting the USB hookup ( unconfirmed if USB is also disabled )
For the type of hub , I went for as small as I could find .
The one I found on Ebay was a Somytec mini USB 2.0 hub with four rotating connections and one upstream connection sticking out from its side , also a red power LED and external power connector .
There are different variations of the rotating / swivel hubs , watch the discussion about swivel hub wiring diagrams to find a hub with good build quality and provides 500 mA per port .
It goes under various names , here are a few I found :
There 's also a model with integrated SD card reader .
Mine features a Genesys Logic GL850A USB 2.0 chip .
The chip runs off 3.3v but I could n't find a easy way to connect 3.3 v directly .
After cracking the case open , I stripped all the unnecessary parts from the circuit board like the LED and external power connector .
Top and bottom :
The position of the first hub is directly under the touch pad , next to the memory slot .
It fits nicely between two SMD chips and it's not touching the memory socket or covering the microphone hole .
Placing it in the middle of the Eee motherboard allows for short data signal wires to the devices .
The wiring is quite simple , there are foure pads , the square one is pin 1 and power .
The pinout is : 1 power , 2 d- , 3 d+ , 4 ground .
An easy way to think of the pinout is to remeber that d- is next to something positive ( power ) and d+ is next to something negative ( ground ) , the opposite of the data signal .
The second hub is covering the SSD NAND flash chips .
The underside of the all devices is insulated by electronic tape to avoid possible shorts .
The total height is still low enough to not touch the chassis .
I hooked into the two USB ports on the right - side of the Eee to provide the data signals to the hubs .
One of the four ports on each hub is routed back to the onboard USB ports .
Essentially moving the USB port over from the motherboard to the USB hub .
On the picture to the right , the two wires on the right - side is connected to the onboard chipset traces and the wires goes to the USB hub .
The two other wires on the left - side comes from the USB hub and goes back to the USB connector on the right - side of the Eee PC .
Power is routed from one of the 5v points and through the switch board .
Ground is connected to the nearest point .
Windows XP recognized the hubs and all the attached devices .
The rotating hubs I got is specified to provide 500 mA per port .
The free port on each hub is the ports on the right - side of the Eee PC that I looped / hooked into .
GPS with antenna
First try
Would n't it be cool to have a Eee PC with a integrated GPS unit ?
Yes !
I certainly thought so .
Doing some research , I found a GPS DIY kit on Ebay GPS - R02 - DIY for a decent price .
The bulk kit included a GPS unit based on a NemeriX chipset , antenna with 3 meter cable with mmcx connector , mini-CD - R driver disc , USB cable , plastic case , and two screws .
Suitable to be permanently installed in a boat or car .
The GPS board itself was quite big and I had to strip it down as much as I could .
Removing the LEDS and two connectors was easy , getting the board shorter was a bit harder .
The 3.6 v standby battery could easily be connected off the board , and cutting the side of the board freed up some valuable dead space .
The antenna was the most critical part and had to be fitted outside the shielded Eee chassis .
Before ordering the kit I was hoping it would fit in the display , and guess what , it just did by a small margin .
The crystal dielectric filter [ 2 ] on the underside had to be moved to the side of the main antenna body , and if all is good the RF characteristic wo n't suffer to much because of that .
Update : I had to try three times before I finally desoldered and handled the filter properly without damaging it , much .
Although the filter is mounted correctly this time , it seems that the signal is weakened or lacking because the GPS module only sees 2 satellites in view .
The crystal could be damaged or the relocation did n't work out as I hoped it would .
If I can't figure out the problem , I 'll try to source a new suitable GPS module ( SiRF Star III or MTK ) .
If you 're going to try the relocation , use a heatgun and hold the antenna by the filter using a plier and wait for the body to drop .
When relocating it , first solder wires to the filter and then the antenna body .
The two middle solder pads does not handle excessive heat or force , be careful .
To fit the antenna next to the display , I had to cut away 3 stubs holding the cables in place and a placeholder for the display unit .
None of these stubs are voiding the integrity of the display , it all fits and holds together as stock .
I stripped the outer insulation of the RG - 58 coaxial cable and replaced it with Kaptop electronic tape .
That made it less rigid and easier to work .
Routing the webcam and speaker wires to make space was pretty easy , lots of slack .
I fitted the coax cable first , then soldered the core and shielding to the antenna .
After some more re-adjustments and re-positioning the wires , it turned out quite good I think .
The webcam wire placed between the locking mechanism and antenna is not squeezed as it might seem .
The antenna unit is flush to the display and the front panel clicks into place perfectly .
The placement for the main unit needed to go through a few trails and errors before figuring out the only space large enough to house the unit was over the ethernet controller , next to the audio and amplifier chip .
It is a tight fit when closed , but there is still space lef over the unit .
Though not much .
It 's powered by 5v .
When everything is finally installed , it looks like this .
To get the GPS working in Windows XP , I had to install the included driver for the Prolific PL - 2303 Serial - to - USB transceiver .
The GPS support 16 channels and the clear - text de - facto NMEA standard , which means most GPS mapping programs work with this module .
A couple of GPS tester programs to verify the connection and GPS module was also included on the mini CD-R .
Current status : I have problems acquiring a lock , the module only sees 2 satellites .
It could be a problem with the relocation of the crystal .
If I can't figure out the problem , I 'm going to find a suitable SiRF Star III or MTK based unit .
Specifications :
Datasheets ( thanks Simon Stapleton ) ( mirror ) :
Pin-compatible ( or nearly so ) GPS modules :
Second try - Holux GPS
After the first GPS module failed to acquire a signal I removed it and tried a new smaller unit at a new location .
But this resulted in the same result , the weak GPS signal is blocked by the Eee cassis and probably some electromagnetic noise .
Software used :
Holux GpsViewer - Great for testing
MTK MiniGPS - Great for testing
Microsoft Autoroute 2007
Franson GpsGate 2.5 - Convert GPS data to multiple output
Bluetooth
Somehow Asus decided to not include Bluetooth in the final Eee revision .
Previous prototypes showed a clear Bluetooth icon on the keyboard , but all production machines lack the icon and stock Bluetooth support .
Bluetooth adapters have always been small and recently newer models is just the size of the USB connector .
I decided to find a cheap no -name adapter and found a egg shaped one on Ebay .
Opening the adapter has to be one of the easiest I 've done so far .
The casing is just held together by a center piece and the circuit board in the middle .
I removed the LED to save another 20 - 30 mA .
Luckly , the adapter was easy to run off 3.3 v .
The trick to figure out of the adapter can run off 3.3v is to follow the tracer from the USB connection and down to either a series of resistors ( black ) or diodes ( orange glassy ) .
And checking the voltage on the other side of the components to see if it converts 5 v down to exact 3.3 v .
Also make sure that 5v is not needed on any other component on the adapter .
Looking up the datasheet for the IC - chip is also a good idea if it 's available .
After mounting the GPS antenna , the only place left to mount the adapter is in the bottom - left side of the display .
All other places the Bluetooth antenna would be blocked or the reception degraded .
The wires could be routed through the same dip in the motherboard as the fan wires .
As with the GPS , the adapter is flush to the display and will not protrude with the front panel in place .
In Windows XP the Bluetooth adapter was not automatically installed .
And it 's probably a good thing because the default Bluetooth drivers are notoriously bad and limited .
I went a head and found a copy of the latest Widcomm Bluetooth drivers and had to manually patch the \ Program Files \Widcomm \Bluetooth Software\bin\btwusb.inf text inf - file to include the vendor and product identification numbers for my adapter .
The essential string from the device manager is VID_0E5E&PID_6622 .
Most Bluetooth devices are manufactured after a default specification and the Widcomm drives can be made to work if the device is not already included .
Card reader
It would be great if I could have a internal storage space that I could replace easily to a higher capacity or take with me if I wanted to .
In the expansion bay there is a gap between the memory socket and the bottom casing .
It is normally blocked on one side with a piece of black foam .
Removing the foam allows for a SD card to just fit in - between .
On the inside , there is space between the memory socket and the Wifi adapter for a small USB card reader .
Trying both straight - angled and side - angled card readers , only the side - angled card reader fitted properly and even then it had to be stripped down .
The adapter supports USB 2.0 and SDHC cards .
I found it on Ebay and seems to be a generic brand without any model number .
This user seems to have them in stock as of writing .
Stripping the USB connector and cutting of the dead space on the end made the adapter smaller .
Removing the unnecessary LED also conserves some precious batter power , 20 - 30 mA .
The card reader uses a chip from the same vendor as the USB hub , Genesys Logic GL828 .
Mounting the adapter at the right height was crucial .
Because of the tight fit , the adapter had to have some margin to tilt and move .
The best way seem to pad the bottom of the adapter at the right height using doubled - sided adhesive foam - strips .
When closing the case , the bottom of the chassis would press the adapter downwards and hold it at the appropriate height .
As this picture shows , the adapter will touch the Wifi adapter and tilt slightly towards the memory socket .
In Windows XP , no extra driver had to be installed to get it to work , as it was recognized as a mass storage device .
Flash drive
The internal 4 GB SSD - drive is great and all , but it 's limited and I wanted to dual - boot Linux and Windows .
Preferable each OS on its own standalone drive .
After research for a fast USB flash drive with good read and write transfer rate , the Corsair Voyager GT series seem to hold the trophy .
With a staggering stated rates of 34 MB/s read and 25 MB/s write speed , which can be proven in practical use for once .
One of the secrets for the fast speeds might have some basis in the flash controller used , Silicon Motion SM324 , coupled with the fastest SLC NAND flash chips available from Samsung .
The flash controller is actually from the same vendor as the on - board SSD - drive controller .
A future project I want to explore is to figure out if it 's possible to de-solder the Voyager NAND flash chips and replace the SSD - drive chips .
On paper the SM223 controller should support the Samsung chips out - of - the - box .
I went for the Voyager GT 4 GB model and it should be enough for a OS install .
For file storage , I will use the card reader coupled with a large and relatively slower SDHC card .
It 's amazing how much can fit on such a tiny piece of PCB - board .
The flash controller is a Silicon Motion SM324 hook up to a pair of Samsung K9WAG08U1A SLC NAND flash chips .
Old location
After fitting all the other devices , it began to get cramped , but I found space for the flash drive on top of the Wifi adapter .
If I 'm lucky I can fit another one next to the current one .
The height is just short of the card reader , though the case start to curve where the flash drive is placed .
New location
When I installed the touch - screen overlay I could n't find space for the controller and I had to rearrange the flash drive .
It 's now located between the first USB hub and the GPS module .
It 's mounted by padded two double - sided foam patches together .
The flash drive barely fits as the case curves and narrows at the edge of the motherboard .
The old power , ground , and data signals are used by the touch screen controller .
As for all USB mass storage devices , it works right out - of - the - box .
The drive is recognized as Corsair VoyagerGT in the BIOS and is bootable .
Power switch
Mounting all these devices internally meant that it would n't be easy to completely turn off the devices , although most of them use very little to no power when idle .
Instead of hoping they would n't use power , I decided to install a switch between power sources and the devices .
The DIL switches can be turned on or off from the expansion bay .
The switch had to be small and fit inside the memory expansion bay .
After finding perfect dip - switch , I searched for a suitable board to mount it on .
Roth manufactures a lot of different prototyping boards , and one of which can be broken into pieces and used to mount SO16 IC chips .
Old 8 dip - switch
DIP - switch layout :
USB hub # 1 Bluetooth GPS module SDHC reader USB hub # 2 Flash drive FM transmitter power FM transmitter audio- enable
New 10 dip - switch
While installing the touch screen and temperature sensor , I ran out of power switches and had to upgrade the board .
I would like to have 12 - 14 switches , but the maximum on a single board was 10 dip - switches .
The width of the prototyping board I had left was to wide and had to be modified .
The switch array :
USB hub # 1 Bluetooth GPS module SDHC reader USB hub # 2 Touch screen FM transmitter power FM audio diversion switch Flash drive Temperature sensor
FM transmitter :
Increase frequency by 0.5 kHz
Decrease frequency by 0.5 kHz
Illustrator layout :
The power sources can easily be found by probing the board using a multimeter .
I use one of the already known spots for 3.3v and 5v and probed the board with the multimeter set to continuity , with the Eee power off .
This allowed my to find other spots for known good power sources .
Three pictures showing spots for 5 v shown belo .
From left - to - right : 5 v , ground , 5v .
Another idea I had was to hook the power for the on - board IC - chips , i.e. SD card reader , webcam , ethernet , to the power switch , allowing for even better power savings .
But after probing the board and looking at the IC - chips , I deemed it to be too risky and some of the chips have multiple power inputs not just a single point .
Integrated devices : Webcam , Wifi PCIe adapter , SD card reader , Sound card , Atheros eithernet , Wifi Mini-PCIe adapter
Wifi
The Wifi-card on the Eee is only 802.11b/g , not the latest draft - N. The card is can be easily replaced by removing two screws and unmounting the card from the Mini- PCI Express socket .
After searching around I found a bulk Intel 4965AGN 802.
11a/b/g/n Mini PCI - express card for a decent price .
Since 802.11n uses MIMO and spatial multiplexing for better performance and range , it requires from 2 to 4 antennas dependin on the number of transceivers installed .
I had a dead Nintendo Wii which happened to use the same antenna connector as the Intel card .
The connector is named Hirose U.FL .
It 's hard to get a retail antenna but this one from Oxfordtec seems to be suitable .
Replacing the AzureWare card the new Intel card was done in a swoop .
The new antenna coax cable diameter was a bit smaller and the connector height was lower , but I hope it will perform near or as good as the two other stock Eee antennas .
As you can see below , the new antenna is connected to number " 2 " , I going to swap it out and move it to " 3 " instead .
I want the two good antennas first on " 1 " and " 2 " , and new one on the " 3 " connector in case the first two connectors are used for 802.11b / g networks .
As for the antenna , the element was etched on a PCB board with the cable soldered to the center .
I stripped much of the dead space to make it fit inside the right side of the display .
The two antennas already in the Eee was mounted with a horizontal polarization .
Considering the 802.11n is precoding and postcoding the signal to split the signal over multiple antennas , I decided to mount the with the same polarization and as far from the other antennas as possible .
I had to strip a short length of the coax cable .
It 's as flush as the GPS and Bluetooth adapter .
After downloading the latest from Intel 's site , extracted the x32 - folder and installed the adapter the manual way .
Once installed , the default Wireless Network Connection utility found all the nearby wifi-spots .
FM transmitter
It would be cool to have a ultra- portable computer with a FM transmitter for roadtrips , etc .
The smallest transmitter I found was a AirPlay adapter for iPods .
It has a regular audio - jack and an additional 4 - pin side - plug for power and serial data .
The transmitter is not connected to the USB hub and runs off 3.3v .
To change frequency I de-soldered the buttons and mounted them on a tiny PCB - board and placed it in the memory expansion bay .
The pinout for the iPod headphone jack can be found on pinouts .ru ( on the right - side ) .
It was quite hard to crack the case and I had to destroy the case to get the board out .
The display is to tune the frequency to transmit on and two buttons to adjust in .5 kHz steps .
Space is limited and I stripped the display and buttons to make it as low profile as possible .
The installation is done in three steps ; antenna , audio input , and buttons .
With limited space in the display bezel , the antenna could only be mounted on the right side .
Removing the old cable and routing a new multi-strain cable from the left side of the motherboard , under the display , and up on the right side of the display .
It fits perfectly and still some free space for the front panel .
I had to probe the audio - jack on the Eee motherboard to figure out the audio left , right , and ground points .
From front - to - back in the middle of the picture , ignore the three wires to the left : audio left , audio right , and audio ground .
The Airplay display had to be removed and frequency changing is done blindly .
To be able to adjust the freqency , I had to move the buttons to the expansion bay .
I found a piece of prototyping board , mounted the two switches , and soldered two wires from the Airplay board back to the expansion bay where I placed the prototyping board .
One side of the switches is ground and the other for plus and minus signal .
The frequency is changed up or down when the signal is low ( ground ) .
And the main unit could only fit in the empty space between the DC - power and ethernet / modem - jacks .
Pretty much a perfect spot .
No problem with height , it might touch the bottom of the case but it 's hard to inspect .
Update 2009 - 07 - 12 : I decided to replace the FM antenna cable with a shielded coaxial cable .
The orange cable shown in the picture below .
To make it as thin as possible the isolation was stripped and replaced with tape .
The coax cable is rated RG - 58 and was a spare from the previous GPS installation .
The previous single wire did n't work that good and the range was limited .
The new coax cable helped a lot , I could move back 10 meters and still have a signal ( although not good ) .
Another discovery I made when I actually got a good signal , is that the output volume has to be adjusted down to avoid severe distortion of the audio .
I suspect around the equivalent to 80 dB should be fine , or line - out audio level .
Modem
The modem port on the Eee 4G is stuffed with a piece of black foam and not used .
The modem is not installed on any Eee machine but the internal connection points are still there and supported in BIOS 8804 .
The modem card connected via a MDC v1.5 connection and 12 - pin header is not removed .
There 's a internal 2 - pin header that is connect to the RJ - 11 jack .
A wire from the 2 - pin header is connected to the MDC card .
Asus was providing the Windows driver for the Conexant 56 K modem on their download site , but it 's gone now .
Although it 's possible to hack another Conexant drive to make it work on the Eee ( more below ) .
The modem card can be found on various Dell , Acer , and Sony laptops .
On Ebay the Conexant card can be found under these model numbers :
To install the modem , two wires from the internal header has to be run down to the MDC slot .
I found a suitable connector and leads with the correct 1.25 mm pitch for the header socket .
Although I did n't find a connector for the MDC - side .
I had to solder the wires directly onto the back of the connector .
After stripping the wires , I had to figure out which wire was Tx and Rx .
The easiest way was to just connect them blindly and test if I could get a connection .
Luckly I did on first try , the correct Tx and Rx points are shown below .
Update : I 've learned that telephone lines are encoded by " Tip and Ring " where the difference in voltages between the two wires carries signals in one direction , while the average voltage of the two wires carries signals in the other .
By the late 20th century a diode bridge would rectify the polarity and made it irrelevant which way the wires where connected at the phone end .
Another cool bit is that phone lines use negative 48V DC and positive ground to minimize corrosion / electrolysis .
Thanks to Tom Lee for the clear - up !
This was a pretty easy install .
Just hooking up the wires and pressing the modem card onto the MDC header on the motherboard .
And the height should n't be a problem since the spot was made to fit a modem card from the get - go .
Notice that only the older 8804 BIOS version has support for the modem , Asus removed the modem functionality on all newer revisions of the BIOS .
To get the modem to install in Windows XP , I had to go through several modem drivers before concluding that every manufacturer made their own cards and drivers to fit a specific laptop series .
The reason I guess is to stop people going to the competitors driver download page to get the modem driver .
After finding a driver that fitted the description of the RD02 - D110 , I figured that I had to change the INF - file to make the Windows devices wizard recognize the modem .
Fortunately a Fujitsu - Siemens Amilo Xa2528 seems to use the same driver I needed .
I hacked / modified the INF - file by removing the string &SUBSYS_14F10001 from the ControlFlags , HSF_MODEM .
NTx86.5.1 , and Strings - sections .
Also make sure that the VEN and DEV variables are the same as in the device manager , e.g 14F1 and 2BFA respectively .
Once modified , open device manager and try to install the modem driver .
It should recognize the modem this time and should show up as HDAUDIO Soft Data Fax Modem with SMARTCP .
System memory
The stock memory on the 4G is one stick of SiS 512 MB SSX264M8 - J6E SO - DIMM rated for DDR2 PC2-3200 667 MHz CL5 .
Contrary to early popular belief , the system memory is limited to 400 MHz and not 800 MHz .
The specification in the datasheet for the Intel 910GML chipset states on page 26 the following .
This means that the system performance can be boosted by looking at the latency timings ( CL ) instead of purely on the frequency speed .
All DDR2 modules started out at 400 MHz , making it easy to modules with the best timings .
The lower speed modules tend to be higher priced because they 're older and harder to get hold of .
Find a module with good timings for a reasonable price , the frequency speed is irrelevant .
Another secret about memory modules is that most of the higher speed modules run with a better timings on lower speeds , e.g. a 533 MHz CL4 module will have CL3 latency when running 400 MHz .
These settings are stored in a small EEPROM on the module .
I found a decent Crucial 2 GB CT25664AC53E DDR2 PC2-4200 533 MHz module .
Touch screen
This the first new modification ( March 2008 ) since first modifications above .
Another Eee user , jkk [ 3 ] , inspired my to try this modification .
The trick is to find a perfectly sized touch screen that matches the dimensions of the display on the Eee PC .
If it 's too large the casing will bulge and too small it will not cover the active area .
Eee PC AUO A070VW04 LCD monitor dimensions ( datasheet ) :
Outter dimensions : 164 x 103 x 5.1 mm ( w x h x d )
View area : 154.4 x 94.44 mm ( w x h )
Active area : 152.40 x 91.44 mm ( w x h )
The overlay should have a view area large enough to be covered by the bezel and an active area that covers the LCD monitor active area .
Other companies : Itminc , Gunzeusa
There is a driver called TouchKit for touch screens using the EETI eGalax resistive controller , including the jkk 's kit , LeadingTouch , Liyitec , and Karpc kits .
As long as the resistive controller board looks similar , the driver should work .
Preparation
The overlay will add another 1.4 mm to the LCD height and in order to avoid bulging a few modifications has to be made to the monitor and surrounding mount .
After disassembling the monitor and disconnected the wires , the first thing to remove is the top metal frame .
Simply lift the frame off the clips on the sides by carefully prying them using a screwdriver .
Removing the frame will free 0.3 - 4 mm .
Next , when the monitor was mounted there were four grounding gaskets behind supporting it in addition to a black square blanket .
Removing both will free 0.5 - 7 mm .
Once removed the area where the monitor will be mounted should be just blank foil .
Removing anti-glare filter
The AU Optronics A070VW04 display has a fine anti-glare layer , aka matte look , applied to it .
People have for a long time removed this layer to increase the brightness and overall representation of the produced picture .
There are two popular methods , sandpaper and methylene chloride ( paint stripper ) or water soaking and time [ 19 ] .
I prefer the latter to get a clean removal .
The touch screen overlay will add another layer of anti-glare as the Eee LCD monitor already has a layer .
Kaomoo over at eeeuser.com has managed to gently peel back [ 20 ] the anti-glare film off the monitor , pictures [ 21 ] .
Lumenlab has a good thread over anti-glare film removal .
An important thing to note about a LCD display is that there are two transmissive polarizer layers on each side of the glass .
The anti-glare is applied on top of the front polarizer .
Removing either polarizer will make the display gray or blurry [ 22 ] .
Remove only the thin top film .
The picture to the left has the anti-glare while the other does n't .
Now , with the top metal frame removed lift out the LCD module from the ' backlight - box ' .
To protect the module from scratches and catch excessive water , place it on a paper towel with fine fibers .
Cut out a piece of the paper towel exactly matching the dimensions of the anti-glare filter , maybe exceeding the edge a little .
Begin to carefully pore water in the center of the towel , let it soak the water .
I used bottled water , it 's clean enough .
Keep poring water and stop when the paper towel is fully saturation , aka water begins to slip away .
Let the anti-glare filter soak water for 3 - 4 hours .
Once soaked , find a sharp high quality razor blade or knife to lift the corner of the anti-glare filter .
With the paper towel still in place , begin from either of the corners by holding the blad sideways and carefully flip the blade in a upwards motion to try to lift filter / corner .
Remember only the top filter is the anti-glare , they 're both glued together and almost impossible to distinguish bare eyed .
Once lifted , watch the edges of the filter as it tends to break up and tear easily if it hits a hard spot that 's not properly saturated .
Remove the hard spots afterwards .
Clean up any hard spots and remove any glue residue that 's left using a micro - fiber cloth and water .
The monitor is incredible crisp and bright without the anti-glare filter .
My next laptop or monitor will probably do n't have a ag filter , for sure .
Pictures show the display with brightness set to ' Very bright ' in Eeectl .
Controller board
The touch screen I decided to try was the Liyitec 4 - wire TR4 - 070 F - 15N - A02 overlay , from fido - dido999 on Ebay .
I 'm satisfied with it , but I would prefer a finer and removable anti-glare filter , or no anti-glare filter at all .
It is a bit to grainy and the anti-glare roughness is harder than the LCD monitor anti-glare filter .
The kit included the Liyitec overlay , touch controller ( TouchKit compatible ) , controller cable , and USB cable .
Nothing else .
The controller board is relatively long and to save precious space , cutting the dead ends will make it considerable shorter .
There were no space left in the display casing , and I had to move the flash drive to get enough free room for the controller .
It 's locationed on top of the Wifi adapter .
The board is mounted using a twin layer of double - sided foam tape .
The power , ground , and data signal pinout as shown on the first picture , right - to - left : 1 ( Ground ) , 2 ( 5 v power ) , 3 ( D+ ) , 4 ( D -)
The overlay wire pinout back - to - front on the right picture : 1 ( Y - ) , 2 ( X - ) , 3 ( Y+ ) , 4 ( X + )
The overlay wires goes through the same shaft as the wireless antenna coax cables and across the bottom of the screen along the right speaker cable .
The thickness of the wires was 30 AWG and I have n't had any problems with them yet .
Overlay
With the grounding gaskets , metal frame , and anti-glare filter now removed , the overlay can be installed .
It 's a good practice during the entire process to keep a micro - fiber cloth handy to remove any dust and particles on and near the LCD module and overlay .
To keep the overlay in place , I cut three small pads of the foam tape and fitted them in the gap around bottom and right side of the LCD module .
The 1 mm height of the foam is just enough to catch the overlay once installed .
To properly align the overlay on top of the LCD module , the display should be turned on to see where the active area begins .
The active area dimension is one of two essential parameters to looking for when researching a overlay , the other is the outer dimension .
Measure , cut , and strip the wires from the controller and solder them to the overlay flex - cable .
Use a glass - fiber pen to scratch the traces .
Finally , the touch screen is installed !
The overlay is still a bit too high , but the front panel will fit fine and keep the overlay in press .
The flex - cable will block one of the bottom hooks for the front panel and has to be cut .
With the front panel assembled , it does not bulge much at all .
My front panel is a bit damage by heat and is warped but it still fits fine .
Calibration
To make touch screen useful it has to be calibrated .
Windows XP automatically recognized the USB controller and the TouchKit driver setup will install a utility to make it very easy configure .
Single left - click is detected using very little force .
Right - click , by default , is activated by holding down the cursor for 3 seconds .
More control over the gestures can be found in the TouchKit utility .
Temperature sensor
The only temperature sensor on the Eee PC is the integrated Intel CPU thermal sensor .
While it can measure the processor temperature with great accuracy , there is no sensor to measure the ambient air inside the case .
I found a small TEMPer v1 USB thermometer on Ebay ( or USBFever ) that could do the job .
The box and software was in both Chinese and English .
The build quality of the PCB and soldering was below standard .
The only free space I could find for the thermometer was between the two USB hubs , with the protruding crystal facing down .
The power , ground , and data signals were of course USB pinout standard , just reverse since the board facing down .
Windows XP did not automatically find a driver , but the included mini-CD included a USB - SERIAL driver install application that worked fine and added a new COM - port .
There was also a monitoring program ( with source code ) included to view and sample the temperature every second .
Note :
It does the fahrenheit conversion wrong [ 23 ] .
Fortunately , Björn Böttcher has created a wonderful new application called UTAC ( USB TEMPer Advanced Control ) that inferfaces with the TEMPer and offers proper fahrenheit reporting , graph plotting , outputting to csv or text file , ftp upload , and url reporting to a webserver .
Heatsink
The stock thermal pads on the Eee PC is designed to transfer heat from the IC - chips to the aluminum shield under the keyboard .
Even though the Intel ULV ( ultra low voltage ) processor does n't require a good heatsink , the other Intel memory , graphics , and IO controllers can produce the same or more heat than the processor .
My idea was to use the third best heat conducting material , copper , between the chip and casing .
The copper plate I found had a 1 mm thickness and just thin enough to fit .
I measured and sketched out the appropriate shapes for each chip .
It would be hard to have one continuous plate covering all three because there are SMD components , screws and connectors holes between the chips .
To cut out the plates I used a big old steel paper cutter .
The underside is padded with Kapton tape to avoid any short circuiting .
To help the heat transfer from the copper plate to the aluminum shield , I carefully removed the old thermal pads using a razor blade and placed them on the aluminum shild spots .
Before applying thermal grease , cleaning the surfaces with Isopropanol is perfect way to remove any residue .
I applied a thin layer of Artic Silver 5 thermal compound on top of all the three major chips .
A razor blade will even out the bumps and excessive compound .
Last thing was to align and make sure the plates did n't move while putting on the top the casing .
The animation shows where the plates are located under the casing .
The case bulges a little but not too much to be an annoyance or affect the appearance .
When the lid is closed , the front panel slightly touches the keyboard .
Notice that these pictures are without the corner screws ( from the underside ) and will flex .
Tests showed that the processor temperature stayed the same , while the ambient air temperature increased 6 - 7 degrees .
The new plates helped to distribute the heat away from the chips but the cramped space and small fan could n't dissipate the heat fast enough .
Installation Overview
December 2007
Installing all the devices above except the modem takes some time .
I used over a week with a few hours each day to figure out and install the devices .
At the current stage it 's pretty cramped but I still have two free internal USB ports to do a second flash drive and some other device like a USB thermometer ( ! ) .
The first power - up was a success and no major problems has occurred since then .
Power seems to be stable and not over - loading the lines .
No shorts yet .
In the picture below the orange GPS antenna is on the left and I moved the BIOS battery from the bottom - side to the top .
The Bluetooth wires are routed through the fan wires gap .
The display area is populated with the GPS antenna right below the left speaker and the Bluetooth adapter below that .
On the right top - side is the FM antenna and the third wireless antenna below the right speaker .
This looks like a mess , but it 's actually quite clean and orderly .
Starting on the front - left and going round : first USB hub , second USB hub , FM transmitter buttons and power switches in the bay , GPS adapter with standby battery , FM transmitter , draft - N wireless adapter , 4gb flash drive , and SDHC card reader .
The complete computer without the front panels mounted .
March 2008
After the initial upgrade , I wanted to install a touch screen overlay and a thermometer .
There were a few different touch screen models too choose from that would fit the Eee PC , but little - to - no detailed information about the manufacturer and specifications .
The wires for the overlay is routed underneath the display controller from the left and through the right - hand side hinge .
A few changes had to be made the bottom side of the motherboard , the flash drive had to be moved , power switch was upgraded to 10 switches , and the touch controller and thermometer board was of course installed .
Battery
In August 2008 , I ordered a new Mugen 7800 mAh battery .
Mugen is known for quality and it's made in Japan .
Other Possible Upgrades
USB relay power switch or PIC controller circuit
New keyboard ( non-taiwanese ) [ 24 ]
CPU / GPU / Chipset voltage mod
Silicon Motion NAND flash replacement
Modemport - Wifi antenna , additional ethernet port
Modemport as a switch - remove to turn off , plug in to power
Disable the fan to conserve power
Copperplate with thermal tape better cooling
Finger printer
SIM - card reader
CF - to - IDE mini PCI - express install
Find DVI display signals , if any
Cost
Devices '
USB hubs - 2 x 11.20 USD
GPS kit - 36.70 USD
Bluetooth - 5.65 USD
SDHC card reader - 6.45 USD
Adata SDHC 8 GB - 74.50 USD
Corsair VoyagerGT 4 GB USB drive - 90.94 USD
DIP - Switch + Prototypingboards - 2.66 + 30.10 USD
Intel Wireless 802.11n adapter - 62.69 USD
Airplay FM transmitter - 14.98 USD
Conexant Modem - 11.89 USD
Crucial 2 GB DDR2 module - 106.62 USD ( bought in Norway , that 's why )
Touch Screen ( fido ) - 75.00 USD
Thermometer - 20.40 USD
Copper plates - Free
Total 560.98 USD - including shipping to Europe .
Most of the cost goes in the system memory and storage devices .
If you say I could get a much better , powerful , plain old , regular laptop for the same money , I say : Where 's the fun in that ?
Accessories
Logitech V470 Bluetooth mouse - 62 USD ( Norway )
3M Kapton tape - 55.44 USD
Ospecat Foam tape d-sided - 19.90 USD
Playstation Carrying bag - Free
Benchmarks
Fildeling er et gode for hele samfunnet , men bryter med den gamle modellen for å betale for film og musikk .
Dessverre har musikk - og filmbransjen gått til krig mot sine egne kunder i steden for å utnytte mulighetene som ligger i ny teknologi .
Vi trenger løsninger som både betaler for produksjonen av kultur og tillater fri deling av den .
Overraskende mange tenker på fildeling som et spørsmål om hva som er rett og galt etter dagens lovverk .
For å oppklare det med en gang : Uautorisert fildeling , slik loven er i dag , er nesten alltid ulovlig .
Det vi diskuterer er om det skal fortsette å være slik .
Professor Olav
Torvund ser ut til å mene at problemet hadde løst seg selv om piratene bare hadde moral og fulgte loven .
Det han ikke tar inn over seg er at det er gode grunner til at loven ikke lenger har myndighet .
Fildeling er begynnelsen på en industriell revolusjon
På dugnad har millioner av mennesker verden over bygget verdens største bibliotek og gjort det tilgjengelig for alle .
Man deler musikk , film , programvare og informasjon i en skala som før ikke ville vært mulig .
I dag er det uproblematisk å dele ut en låt eller film til alle mennesker som har internettilkobling , uten ekstrakostnader .
Én kopi koster like mye å produsere som en million kopier .
For 10 år siden ville det vært praktisk umulig å ha tilgang på all kultur døgnet rundt , vi som vokser opp nå ser på det som en selvfølgelighet .
Alle er enige om at internett er fremtiden for distribusjon av film , musikk og alt annet digitalt innhold .
Det er heller ingen som mener at film - eller musikkindustrien ikke trenger penger for å fortsette å lage god film og musikk .
Det viktigste skillet går mellom de som vil flytte de gamle modellene over på nett og de som skjønner at markedsøkonomi med stykkpris og butikksalg ikke fungerer på nett og ikke kan gjøre det .
Det som skiller internett fra den vanlige verden er det som skiller en digital kopi fra en fysisk kopi .
Den fysiske kopien finnes alltid i et begrenset opplag .
Hver eneste fysiske kopi av en CD har kostet plastikk , tid og arbeidskraft å produsere og når noen har kjøpt en CD kan ingen andre kjøpe akkurat den kopien .
Fysiske kopier finnes i ett begrenset antall og da er det logisk å ha en markedsøkonomi der man betaler pr. eksemplar .
Antallet digitale kopier er ikke begrenset .
Det eneste som begrenser spredningen av en digital kopi er hastigheten på nettverket som brukes for å dele den .
Moderne fildelingssystemer har løst dette problemet elegant ved at man ikke laster ned filen fra én sentral datamaskin , men fra hverandre .
Millioner av vanlige PCer i vanlige hjem deler på oppgavene og sørger for at alt er tilgjengelig alltid .
En digital kopi som deles på denne måten er et overflodsgode som vi har ubegrenset tilgang på .
Det er ikke slik som i den fysiske verden at når én person tar en CD så blir det en CD mindre på resten av oss .
Tvert imot !
Når en person laster ned en CD så kan andre laste ned CDen fra den personen !
Jo fler som har lyst på noe - jo mer tilgjengelig blir det .
Dette burde være en drømmesituasjon , men for platebransjen blir det et mareritt når deres forretningsmodell bryter sammen .
- EN NY INDUSTRIELL REVOLUSJON : Bildet er tatt i Stockholm i uni 2006 under pro-pirace - demonstrasjonen .
I fildelingens ånd er bildet frigitt for distribusjon .
Foto : Creatice Commons / Jon Åslund Vis mer
Hvordan skal det finansieres ?
Når ny teknologi gjør at de gamle måtene å finansiere produksjon faller bort , må man finne nye og bedre måter .
Musikk - og filmbransjen prøver isteden å innføre en modell som bryter med mulighetene som ligger i den nye teknologien .
De forsøker å begrense og reversere utviklingen gjennom å drive butikker hvor man selger til stykkpris .
Dette er absurd i den digitale verden .
Det er ineffektivt , og det er usosialt .
Gjennom lommeboken fordeles kulturen til de som har råd , men selv ikke den rikeste mann vil ha uendelig tilgang slik han kunne hatt .
Å sette en stykkpris vil ødelegge for hele den revolusjonen som internett har skapt og vil gjøre om digitale kopier fra noe man har uendelig av , til noe som det er knapphet på .
Alle forsøk på å innføre stykkpris har feilet .
For det første har filene vært i dårlig kvalitet i forhold til det man kan få ulovlig gjennom å kopiere en CD , for det andre har prisene vært satt nær prisen man ville betalt for en fysisk kopi og for det tredje har folk enkelt kunne kopiere filene og dele dem med hverandre .
Det finnes gode alternativer til å tvangsinnføre markedsøkonomi på internett .
I økonomisk forstand er ikke en digital kopi veldig ulik en radiosending , en park , en vei eller et fyrtårn .
Alle disse godene er noe vi ønsker å betale for - men som når det først er på plass er vanskelig eller umulig å hindre noen i å bruke .
Det er heller ikke slik at det blir mindre av en radiosending jo fler som hører på , eller at ( opp til en viss grense ) en park eller vei blir brukt opp om én ekstra person benytter den .
Det som må finansieres er å bygge parken , lage radiosendingen og spille inn musikken .
Å ta betalt for å bruke parken , høre på radioen eller laste ned musikken er ineffektivt og usosialt .
En rekke økonomer , pirater og andre har laget gode forslag til hvordan man kan finansiere kulturindustrien i en verden hvor alle har tilgang til all kultur gjennom et gigantisk bibliotek .
Forslagene varierer fra diverse former for offentlig finansiering til omleggelse av hele bransjen .
Jeg skal ta for meg et par av disse .
Først kan vi spørre oss selv hvor mye penger det er snakk om .
Musikkindustrien i Norge hadde i fjor et salg på ca. 700 millioner kroner ( kilde IFPI ) .
Det er ned 25 % fra toppåret 2002 ( samtidig har inntektene fra konserter økt med like mye ) .
Det utgjør omtrent 280 kroner i året per sysselsatt person , ikke en voldsom sum for de fleste .
Film og DVD - salget har faktisk gått opp med hele 16 % på ett år og ender på ca. 900 millioner i år ( ikke inkludert kino ) .
Man kan spørre seg hvor mye av musikksalgets fall som skyldes konkurranse fra film og andre medier , men det går ikke jeg inn på her .
Til sammen utgjør da salget av kultur på CD , DVD og andre formater ca. 600 kroner per sysselsatt person .
Det er usannsynlig at hele dette salget faller bort på en dag , men jeg regner med at fildelingen vil utkonkurrere andre former for distribusjon i løpet av de neste tiårene .
Den enkleste løsningen for å finansiere fri deling av kultur er offentlig finansiering gjennom skatt , avgift på bredbånd , oljefond , musikk -/ filmlisens eller lignende .
Pengene kan så fordeles mellom artister og filmprodusenter på grunnlag av hvor mange som har lastet ned de forskjellige sangene og filmene og en fordelingsnøkkel .
Det er ganske store forskjeller mellom de ulike løsningene :
Ved en lisens legger man en flat pris som nesten alle må betale , i likhet med NRK - lisensen .
Om du ikke nyter musikk eller film på nett og kan bevise det så trenger du ikke betale , men om du gjør det må du betale like mye - uansett hvor mye du bruker eller hvor fattig eller rik du er .
Lisenser er usosialt og lite gjennomtenkt , samt kostbart å samle inn .
Avgift på bredbånd er en bedre løsning , de som har råd til og behov for kraftig bredbånd vil da også betale mer .
Media - bruk er nok en av de største bruksområdene for kraftig bredbånd , men det er klart at andre kan føle seg urettferdig rammet .
Gjennom skatt kan man sørge for at de med høy inntekt betaler mer enn de med lav , og kan forsterke den sosiale effekten av fri spredning av kultur .
600 kroner kan være mye for en familie som må velge mellom klassetur og middag , men forsvinnende lite for de med mer penger på bok .
Om da førstnevnte familie slipper unna med 0 og sistnevnte betaler 1200 så sikrer man fri kultur til begge uten særlig økonomiske konsekvenser for noen av dem .
Det er rett og rimelig at man betaler etter evne , og får etter behov .
Man kan finne mange gode løsninger på dette problemet , og om bransjen har lyst til å være med å utforme sin egen fremtid må de legge ned våpnene , avslutte krigen mot sine egne kunder og begynne arbeidet sammen med den generasjonen musikkelskere som nå vokser opp .
Det viktige er at man klarer å beholde det som gjør internett til noe bedre enn den fysiske verden :
Fri deling , fri kopiering og ingen kunstige hindringer .
Kunstige hindringer
Bransjen har forsøkt å hindre viderekopiering av filene de selger gjennom å legge til kunstige begrensninger i form av DRM .
Musikkfiler som selvdestruerer etter 3 . gangs bruk , musikkfiler som bare kan spilles av innenfor en viss tidsperiode , som teoretisk skal være umulige å kopiere og musikkfiler som overvåker PCen din for å sikre at du ikke gjør noe ulovlig .
DRM skulle redde bransjen fra piratene gjennom å gjøre det vanskelig , om ikke umulig , å kopiere en lovlig kjøpt fil .
Problemene med DRM viste seg tidlig .
Musikkfilene kunne bare spilles av i programmer som var laget for DRM , som betydde at låter kjøpt med Microsofts « PlaysForSure » system ikke kunne spilles av om man ikke brukte Microsofts programvare .
Vi pirater ble overhodet ikke hindret .
Å kopiere en fil som er belemret med DRM er like enkelt som å kopiere en hvilken som helst annen fil , gitt de riktige verktøyene .
De eneste som ble skadelidende var de som faktisk kjøpte musikken , og bransjen som begynte en krig mot sine egne kunder .
Nå er DRM på vei ut , og flere butikker selger musikk uten slike kunstige sperrer .
Forfatter Onar
Åm skriver på Dagbladet .
no hvordan han mener man kan ta stykkpris på en effektiv måte .
Han ser for seg et samfunn hvor ingenting skal være gratis , og at man har mikrobetalinger for alt man hører og ser på radio , TV og nett .
Slik vil han « øke folks moral » og sikre at alle betaler for det de nyter godt av .
Åms forslag er teknisk mulig .
Det betyr ikke at det er praktisk mulig , ei heller ønskelig .
Idéen bak slike mikrobetalinger på nett er ikke ny , men for å finne ut hvor mange sekunder du har lest nrk .
no i dag , hvor mange minutter du brukte på musikken til Michael Jackson og for å hindre deg fra å gjøre noe av dette uregistrert vil det kreve et 1984 - samfunn med en ekstremutgave av DRM og avlytting av samtlige nettforbindelser .
Forslaget forutsetter et gjennomregulert og overvåket internett med en enorm kostnad både i form av privatliv og penger .
Jeg trekker frem Åms artikkel fordi synet hans er urovekkende vanlig hos enkelte i bransjen .
De ser med frykt på den frie delingen og hopper på alle muligheter for å knuse det digitale biblioteket og innføre en vanlig markedsøkonomi slik de kjenner og er vant til den .
Forslaget om mikrobetalinger stiller et veldig godt spørsmål :
Hvor vil vi hen med denne nye teknologien ?
Hva med loven ?
I dag er lovverket tilpasset en tid før internett , hvor det å distribuere en CD i stor skala betød å selge den videre .
Opphavsrettsloven må endres , og det har kommet mange gode forslag fra blant annet Creative Commons , Svenske Piratbyrån og the Free Software Foundation .
Det tar tid å endre lovverket og mest sannsynlig vil ikke stortingspartiene ha gangsyn og mot til å endre loven før bransjen og velgerne blir enige om en løsning .
Dette er en stor utfordring for de norske plateselskaperne , filmskaperne og musikerne som gjerne vil bruke internett til å spre sin musikk , men vil ha penger for musikken de lager .
Heldigvis finnes det midlertidige løsninger som fremtidsrettede plateselskaper kan prøve ut .
En utfordring til FONO
Norsk platebransje har muligheten til å gå i bresjen for å bruke ny teknologi på en fornuftig måte .
FONO organiserer 120 norske plateselskaper av varierende størrelse og har en markedsandel i overkant av 10 % .
De kan prøve seg med en lisensordning der man betaler 100 , - i året for å få lov til å fritt dele og laste ned FONOs musikk verden over .
De må i så fall gjøre noen avtaler med de største fildelingssidene for å holde orden på hvilken musikk som lastes ned og hvilken man heller kjøper på CD .
En slik « FONO - lisens » vil sørge for at musikkelskere kan bruke ny teknologi , musikerne kan få penger og krigsøksen melllom FONO og kundene kan begraves , også før loven endres og et ferdig system kommer på plass .
Det kan gi norsk musikk et sårt tiltrengt løft i konkurransen mot internasjonal musikk .
Tør FONO ta utfordringen ?
At least since 2003 , and especially after hurricane Katrina hit , the White House has broadly attempted to control which climate scientists could speak with reporters , as well as editing scientists ' congressional testimony on climate science and key legal opinions , according to a new report by a House committee .
" The Bush Administration has engaged in a systematic effort to manipulate climate change science and mislead policy makers and the public about the dangers of global warming , " said the report , which is the result of a 16 - month probe by the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform .
" The White House exerted unusual control over the public statements of federal scientists on climate change issues . "
To some observers , the House investigation , which drew on 27,000 documents gathered from the White House Council on Environmental Quality ( CEQ ) and the US Department of Commerce , is notable as the most comprehensive assessment so far of alleged manipulation of climate science by this White House .
It includes previously unknown elements – such as a 2003 incident in which it says top presidential environment adviser James Connaughton personally helped edit the Environmental Protection Agency 's draft legal opinion that denied the agency had authority to regulate greenhouse - gas emissions .
( That EPA position was reversed by the US Supreme Court in a ruling this spring . )
Yet much of the material in the House committee report , which was released Monday , corroborates press accounts and congressional testimony that has dribbled out over the past few years .
The White House and House Republicans strongly dispute the report , which is expected to be adopted as the House report .
A White House spokesman describes it as " rehashed and recycled rhetoric . "
But not Rick Piltz , director of the climate - science watch program at the Government Accountability Project , a watchdog organization .
He and others say that while many presidents have shaped policy , the White House 's efforts this time were about more than organizing a coherent policy message .
" What this report does is really show the extent to which communications – press releases and contacts with the media – all had to be routed through the CEQ , " he says .
The report also concluded that the White House :
• Was " particularly active in stifling [ scientists ' ] discussions of the link between increased hurricane intensity and global warming . "
• Sought " to minimize the significance and certainty of climate change by extensively editing government climate change reports . "
• Edited " EPA legal opinions as well as newspaper opinion articles on climate change . "
What began in 2006 as a bipartisan investigation turned into a largely Democratic report .
A " minority views " statement issued by Rep. Tom Davis ( R ) of Virginia , who was committee chairman in July 2006 when the probe began , called it a " political diatribe . "
A call to the CEQ for comment on the report and for Dr. Connaughton 's response was diverted to the main White House press office since he is at climate talks in Bali .
" We think this report is a thinly veiled attempt to distract attention from the administration 's efforts to advance its commitment to the pursuit of sound environment , energy , and economic policy at the Bali summit , " says Emily Lawrimore , a White House spokeswoman .
Concerning Connaughton 's reported involvement in crafting an EPA legal opinion , she said that was not surprising .
" The finding that he was involved in the drafting of an EPA opinion is hardly news , " Ms. Lawrimore says .
" He 's the adviser to the president on environmental policy , and it would be odd if he did n't offer his thoughts and input on environmental law and policy . "
Mr. Piltz sees it differently .
He served under the Bush administration until spring 2005 , when he resigned and exposed White House editing of the national climate assessment .
As a senior staffer with the US Climate Change Science Program , he also served under President Clinton and saw marked contrasts between the two .
" It 's true that every administration has its own policy , and there 's always a tendency to shade your communications , " Piltz says .
" But the difference here is that the White House science office under previous administrations was not at war with the mainstream science community . "
The report adds other details .
For example , while changes to the testimony of Dr. Julie Gerberding , director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , were widely reported , it was less known that other comments to Congress by Thomas Karl , director of the National Climatic Data Center , were also heavily edited , the report says .
Dr. Karl , it says , " was not allowed to comment in his written testimony that ' modern climate change is dominated by human influences , ' that 'we are venturing into the unknown territory with changes in climate , ' or that 'it is very likely ( >95 percent probability ) that humans are largely responsible for many of the observed changes in climate . ' "
Instead of saying that global warming " is playing " a role in increased hurricane intensity , his comment became " may play " a role .
1987 Honda Civic CRX HF
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Car makers are confident they can meet new government rules calling for a national fleet average of 35 miles per gallon .
But it will take a big technological push , they say .
You might wonder why , since twenty years ago the car that got the best mileage in the nation was a real techno - wimp compared to what 's on the road today .
It was n't even a hybrid .
But it got better fuel economy than any car sold now - even the Toyota Prius .
Looking back at the 1987 Honda Civic CRX shows us why cars use so much more gas today and about the trade - offs we 've had to make .
The CRX HF got an Environmental Protection Agency - estimated 57 mpg gallon in highway driving .
Today , the most fuel - efficient non-hybrid Civic you can buy gets an EPA - estimated 34 mpg on the highway .
Even today 's Honda Civic Hybrid can't match it , achieving EPA - estimated highway mileage of just 45 mpg .
The Toyota Prius , today 's fuel mileage champ , gets 46 mpg on the highway .
Why then , not now ?
One answer for the mileage drop is that the rating system has changed .
Beginning with the 2008 model year , the EPA began using a more rigorous fuel economy test that means lower numbers for most cars .
But that 's only a small part of the answer .
If the old CRX HF were tested using today 's rules , its highway fuel economy would drop to 51 mpg , according to the EPA 's calculations .
That 's still much better than any mass - market car sold today , including hybrid cars .
The bigger answer is that the Honda Civic has changed a lot in twenty years .
Honda no longer sells a tiny two - seat version like the CRX .
Even Civics with back seats are much bigger and heavier today than similar versions were in 1987 .
It 's in the nature of the car business that companies want to offer more - more legroom , more trunk space - with each redesign .
As a result , cars get bigger and bigger .
Besides size , American consumers expect a lot more convenience out of a car than they did in 1985 .
Today , we expect power steering , power brakes , power windows and more .
The base CRX HF did not have power steering or power brakes .
( As light as it was , it really did n't need them . )
Air conditioning was optional , as it was on most cars in those days , so it did n't figure into the EPA 's fuel economy ratings .
Today 's consumers also expect safety .
In the 1980s , car companies would sell cars that got one - star or two - star crash test ratings .
Numbers like that would now cause car companies fits .
Four out of five stars is considered the minimum acceptable rating .
The modern Civic has airbags front and side , electronic stability control and built - in crash protecting structures in the body .
( See correction . )
Even the CRX's biggest fans would n't relish the thought of getting into a wreck in one of those cars .
While actual crash test results are not available , even a Honda ( HMC ) spokesman admitted the car probably would n't have fared well by modern standards .
" Without the benefit of modern crash structure and extensive use of high strength steel , cars from two decades ago could n't match the crash test performance of today 's Hondas , " said Honda spokesman Chris Naughton .
Increased safety , meaning more weight from airbags and crash structure , has meant lower fuel economy .
" It 's kind of a classic engineering fight where safe cars compete with more fuel - efficient cars , " said Todd Lassa , a writer for Motor Trend magazine and a CRX aficionado .
Lassa once owned a CRX DX , one step up in price and performance - and down in fuel economy - from the HF .
( A 1987 sales brochure he still has provided some of the numbers for this story . )
A fun car to drive
Not that the CRX was a bad car .
Far from it .
Even before Honda introduced a performance version called the CRX Si , the lightweight , fun to drive Civic CRX was Motor Trend 's " Import Car of the Year " when it first hit the market in 1985 .
Even in its base HF trim , the CRX was considered a fun car to drive because it was small and responsive .
Its zero - to - sixty time , though - about 12 seconds by some estimates - would put it well behind even a large , sedate family sedan like the Ford Taurus today .
Weighing less than 1,800 pounds , the CRX HF was powered by a 58 - horsepower engine .
Today 's base Honda Civic weighs almost 2,600 pounds and is powered by a 140 horsepower engine .
That 's about 12.5 pounds less weight per pony today , despite greatly increased size .
" The lightest cars you can buy today are about 40 percent heavier than that car , " Lassa said of his old CRX .
Comparing essentially similar Honda Civic sedans from the 1980s and today reveals that today 's car gets considerably better fuel economy ( 40 highway mg vs. 32 ) despite having a larger engine with much more power ( 140 horsepower vs. 76 ) .
Daimler is about to find out how much appetite American 's now have for inexpensive little two - seat cars that emphasize fuel economy over performance .
It 's just begun selling the tiny Smart ForTwo here .
But even the ForTwo , which is smaller than the CRX , will get about 41 mpg on the highway , according to Daimler .
( Official EPA estimates are n't out yet . ) .
Rumors swirl today , as they have for years , that Honda is planning to bring out a modern version of the CRX .
Lassa says he pushes the idea whenever he speaks with Honda executives .
This time , though , the CRX HF would have to be a hybrid , he said .
( Perhaps the one the company just announced it will make for 2009 . )
There just is n't any other way to pull that off today .
Correction :
An earlier version of this story mentioned that the Honda Civic was an Insurance Institute for Highway Safety Top Safety Pick .
In fact , it the Civic was removed from that list when the Insurance Institute added a requirement for electronic stability control , which the Civic does not have .
( Back to story . )
Black Friday
One of the things that any student of psychology can tell you is that what we intend to do and what we actually do are often miles apart .
To wit : the plethora of surveys this time of year asking people what their intentions are for the holiday shopping season .
There are a myriad of flaws in this approach , ranging from well - intended estimatees that turn out to be wildly off to self - aggrandizing respondents whose self - deception significantly skews these surveys .
For example , we previously mentioned Conference Board 's survey : " U.S. households are expected to spend an average of $ 471 on gifts during the holiday season , up from last year 's estimate of $ 449 . "
All this tells us is that when asked , people say they believe they will spend $ 22 more than last year .
What it does not reveal is how much they will actually spend , or how retail stores are doing in their 2007 holiday sales .
Many people who cite these surveys often fail to mention that small but important tidbit .
The former grand - daddy of relying on bad surveys , the National Retail Federation ( NRF ) , seems to have found religion this year .
Citing Economic Concerns , NRF Forecasts Holiday Sales Gains of Four %
The National Retail Federation today released its forecast for the upcoming 2007 holiday season , predicting that sales will rise 4.0 percent this year to $ 474.5 billion * .
“ Retailers are in for a somewhat challenging holiday season as consumers are faced with numerous economic obstacles , ” said NRF Chief Economist Rosalind Wells .
“ With the weak housing market and current credit crunch , consumers will be forced to be more prudent with their holiday spending . ”
The 2007 holiday sales increase is expected to fall below the ten - year average of 4.8 percent .
It would represent the slowest holiday sales growth since 2002 , when sales rose 1.3 percent .
I would suspect that many retailers will be thrilled if they can cajole a 4 % gain in sales this year .
The discounting has been fast and furious , led by Wal - mart , who cut prices on over 15,000 items , and did so around Halloween -- way earlier than usual .
The nervousness is apparent not just in the discounting ( see : Retail Desperation on Display in Early Hours ) , but in the increasing race to open earlier and earlier on Black Friday .
The ultimate early gambit : Moving BLACK FRIDAY to Thanksgiving day :
By staying open on the holiday , those retailers got a head start on their competitors — though not by much .
Other national chains , including Kohl ’s and J. C. Penney , rolled back the start of their after - Thanksgiving sales to 4 a.m .
Some stores that remained closed yesterday , including Circuit City and Best Buy , encouraged consumers to spend part of the holiday shopping online by offering special deals just for the day .
Thanksgiving used to be one of the few “ untouchable days , ” along with Christmas , said Doug Fleener , president of Dynamic Experiences Group , a consulting firm in Lexington , Mass .
“ It ’s one of the few days that the retail employees should get to spend with their families . ”
Indeed , in Massachusetts it is illegal for stores to open on Thanksgiving .
But around the rest of the country in the last several years , more stores have chosen to try competing with holiday rituals , Mr. Fleener said .
- Rising Early , Not to Start the Turkey , but to Shop
Since I 'm in Chicago for the holidays , we usually go to shops we cannot get to in NY -- like the Land 's End Outlet store .
But that 's a visit for Friday , not Thanksgiving Day .
Its bad enough that the crass commercialization of the holiday season now reaches back to before Halloween , but opening on Thanksgiving is more than tacky -- it reeks of desperation . . .
>
Sources :
Citing Economic Concerns , NRF Forecasts Holiday Sales Gains of Four Percent
NRF , September 20 , 2007
http://www.nrf.com/modules.php?name=News&op=viewlive&sp_id=370
Retail Desperation on Display in Early Hours
MICHAEL BARBARO
NYT , November 23 , 2007
http://www.nytimes.com/2007/11/23/business/shopWEB.html
Rising Early , Not to Start the Turkey , but to Shop
PATRICK McGEEHAN and NATE SCHWEBER
NYT , November 23 , 2007
http://www.nytimes.com/2007/11/23/nyregion/23stores.html
Consumers Slow to Start Holiday Shopping , According to NRF Survey
NRF , September 12 , 2007
http://www.nrf.com/modules.php?name=News&op=viewlive&sp_id=408
Consumers in a Festive Mood as the Holiday Season Approaches
Conference Board , Nov. 20 , 2007
http://www.conference-board.org/utilities/pressDetail.cfm?press_ID=326
Friday , November 23 , 2007 | 08:25 AM
| Permalink | Comments ( 32 ) | TrackBack ( 0 )
add to de.li.cious | digg this !
| add to technorati | email this post
TrackBack TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d8341c52a953ef00e54f8c1d058833
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Black Friday :
Comments
Money today is worth much more than money tomorrow .
We do n't just want it , we want it NOW .
How many falling dollars can you catch before the buzzer ?
Posted by : Marcus Aurelius | Nov 23 , 2007 9:39:34 AM
Wow .
Delusion abounds .
This “ analysis ” in today ’s Washington Post looks like it was spoon fed to Peter Baker by the White House press operation .
You know the Bush team has been pushing this story for awhile — finally , someone bit .
Somehow , because White House staffers and GOP talking heads think things are n’t so bad on some fronts ( not that things are good , just not so bad ) , Bush now has his swagger back :
In many ways , the shifting political fortunes may owe as much to the absence of bad news as to any particular good news .
No one lately has been indicted , botched a hurricane relief effort or shot someone in a hunting accident .
Instead , pictures from Iraq show people returning to the streets as often as they show a new suicide bombing .
And Bush has bolstered morale inside the West Wing and rallied his Republican base through a strategy of confrontation with the Democratic Congress , built on the expansive use of his veto pen .
Yet none of this has particularly impressed the public at large , which remains skeptical that anything meaningful has changed and still gives Bush record - low approval ratings .
The disconnect highlights his dilemma heading into the last year of his administration :
Can anything short of a profound event repair an unpopular president ’s public standing so late in his tenure ?
Can tactical victories in Washington salvage a wounded presidency ?
The article gets the spin from notables like Karl Rove , who led Bush to the point of being one of the worst Presidents ever .
Interestingly , after Baker quotes a slew of Republicans who think Bush is doing a GREAT job , he mentions this tidbit from his own paper ’s recent polling :
Bush ’s strategy contrasts with those of Clinton and Ronald Reagan , the last two - term presidents , who recovered from political troubles late in their tenures .
Both found ways to work with an opposition Congress to pass important legislation .
Reagan left office with a 64 percent approval rating and Clinton with a 65 percent rating .
Neither had sunk as low as Bush , whose numbers are the worst of any president in decades .
Just 33 percent of Americans approved of his performance in the latest Washington Post - ABC News poll , a rating that matches his record low and has not changed in four months .
Potentially ominous for Bush is the economy .
Only 35 percent of Americans rated it as good this month , a seven - point drop since spring and the lowest in two years .
Bush may be popular with his White House staff — and may still have the ability to contoct a story like this one in the Post — but most Americans still think he ’s a disaster .
And , unfortunately , we have 427 days left of the disaster .
There ’s still a lot of damage he can do .
TWO police officers handcuffed a 64 - year - old pensioner , threw her to the ground and then searched inside her bra and underpants on a busy suburban road in the mistaken belief she was a drug dealer .
The ordeal left an ailing Leentje McDonald , of Maroubra , in hospital and severely traumatised .
But she did not receive an apology from police .
Rather , she has been charged with assaulting an officer .
While it is unusual for a pensioner to be mistaken for a 40 - year - old drug dealer , as was the case here , civil libertarians say such aggressive searches , and the charging of people
for assault or resisting arrest if no drugs are found , are a common and disturbing feature of modern policing .
In her case , Ms McDonald resisted the intrusive search because longstanding nerve damage in her right shoulder meant she was in excruciating pain when the two police officers handcuffed her during the full body search on Maroubra Road .
South Africa 's demand for freshwater will exceed its supply by 2025 , the World Wide Fund for Nature ( WWF ) warned on Tuesday .
The conservation organization called for urgent and immediate action to be taken to stave off massive social , economic and environmental damage in a statement released at the launch of the WWF Sanlam Living Water Partnership in Cape Town .
Speaking at the launch , WWF's Deon Nel , who is managing the partnership , said water was South Africa 's most precious resource .
However , the dire water situation in the country did not have the prominence it should in economic and developmental planning .
" The primary policy guiding South Africa 's economic development , AsgiSA , makes no mention of this key restraint to growth , or the need to carefully manage our rainfall catchments and improve the water - use efficiency of industry and agriculture , " he said .
Other threats included the discharge of effluent by industry , sewage spills and chemical run-off from agriculture ; the physical destruction of habitat such as wetlands ; and the impact of invasive alien vegetation , which was sucking up about seven percent of the country 's water supply .
Source : Xinhua
New here ?
You may want updates via email or RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
I am a procrastinator .
I always have been .
It 's a character flaw , and I admit it .
I 've tried all sorts of things to beat the habit — Getting Things Done , e-mail reminders , dozens of list systems — but the only thing that seems to work is to :
Do it now .
This is blindingly obvious , I know , but many people lose sight of this fundamental skill .
It 's not that we do n't know that we should do things now ; it 's that we 've forgotten how .
Here are some techniques I 've been using to try to force myself to get to now :
Set aside blocks of time to do things .
When I was talking with my wellness coach earlier this year , she asked me why I did n't exercise more often .
“ I do n't have the time , ” I said .
“ Something always comes up . ”
She was n't impressed .
“ J.D. , ” she said .
“ You have to make time .
Make an appointment with yourself to run or to go for a bike ride . ”
The same principle applies to other things you might procrastinate .
Kris and I used to schedule a block of time on Saturday morning specifically to clean the house .
Each week we 'd tackle a different room .
If we did n't do this , I 'd just put it off for weeks ( or months ) .
Pick an hour a day to get things done .
If it comes to mind , then do it .
Often I 'll be sitting on the back porch reading a book , and it will occur to me that some chore needs to be done — pruning the laurel hedge , for example .
“ I need to write that down so I can remember it , ” I tell myself .
Wrong !
What usually happens is that I forget to write it down , and even if I do , I just look at the list and procrastinate for weeks on end .
The best move is to actually do the chore when I think of it .
( Assuming , of course , that I have the time at that moment .
Which I usually do . )
Use a timer to bring you back to reality .
Part of the reason I procrastinate is that I have a rich mental life .
This is just a flowery way of saying that I 'm a daydreamer .
I 'm always lost in thought .
One way to keep on track is to use a timer .
I use the Ultrak Jumbo Countdown Timer , but not as often as I should .
I set it for 48 minutes .
When it goes off , it serves as an instant reality check :
Am I doing what I 'm supposed to be doing ?
Do not multitask .
Oh , how I love multitasking .
“ I 'm great at doing many things at once , ” I told Kris once .
She gave me one of those looks .
“ No , you 're not , ” she said .
“ You 're great at starting many things at once , but you never actually do any of them . ”
Ouch !
But she 's right .
In order for me to get something done , I need to focus my attention on it .
Trying to do several things at once is a sure way to be sure they 'll all be unfinished tomorrow .
Modify your environment to eliminate distractions .
Distractions feed procrastination .
How many of these have you told yourself : “ I 'll just check e-mail one more time before I start . ”
“ I 'll go for a walk after I finish reading this magazine . ”
“ I can paint the house next weekend .
I want to watch the Seahawks game today . ”
Whenever possible , eliminate distractions .
Remove clutter and snack items from your workspace .
When working on your computer , only keep the programs you need open .
( Ha !
I feel like a hypocrite for advising this — I can't even make myself close my e-mail client for five minutes . )
Keep your office tidy .
Do n't turn on the television unless there 's something specific you intend to watch .
Compare your actions with your personal values .
Last week I wrote that it does n't matter what we say is important to us — the things that are priorities in our lives are the things we actually do .
How does what you do mesh with what you believe ?
If you say that getting out of debt is important to you , are you actually doing the things that will lead you to get out of debt ?
If one of your goals is to fit into your old Levi's , how is watching another episode of The Office going to help you achieve that ?
Go for a walk !
Last week I wrote that it does n't matter what we is important to us — the things that are priorities in our lives are the things we actually do .
How does what you do mesh with what you believe ?
If you say that getting out of debt is important to you , are you actually the things that will lead you to get out of debt ?
If one of your goals is to fit into your old Levi's , how is watching another episode of going to help you achieve that ?
Go for a walk !
Take back your brain !
I 've mentioned this website before in the context of marketing .
Its premise is simple : Instead of letting advertisers persuade you , use marketing techniques to advertise to yourself .
While this is a great way to fight consumer culture , it 's also a smart way to combat procrastination .
Create some in - home ( or in - office ) advertising to remind you to stop putting things off , to encourage you to do it now .
Beating procrastination is n't rocket science , but it is psychology .
For many of us , that 's just as difficult .
It 's scary how well this Psychology Today article describes me .
If only it gave some tips on how to move beyond this .
Instead it offers one small slice of solace :
Procrastinators can change their behavior — but doing so consumes a lot of psychic energy .
And it does n't necessarily mean one feels transformed internally .
It can be done with highly structured cognitive behavioral therapy .
Can you tell I 've been struggling with procrastination lately ?
This is something I 'll continue to work on .
If you have any tips or stories , I 'd love to hear them .
Meanwhile , it must be time to read The War of Art again .
Maybe I 'll do that next week …
The Pirate Bay faces three separate legal challenges this holiday season , though site administrators tell Ars that they 're not worried by any of the pending cases .
A Swedish prosecutor wants to take down the site , though , and Prince has set his lawyers on the same task .
We spoke with The Pirate Bay about what 's in store for them in the new year .
Most pressing , perhaps , is the news that a Swedish prosecutor soon plans to press charges against the popular BitTorrent search engine .
The charges will be filed before January 31 , 2008 , by prosecutor Håkan Roswall .
Roswall told IDG Sweden that the parties behind The Pirate Bay are being accused of facilitating copyright infringement .
He has already named two parties — Peter Sunde , spokesperson and administrator for The Pirate Bay , as well as Carl Lundström , a famed political extremist in Sweden — but the remainder of those involved with the charges have yet to be named .
Lundström 's connection to The Pirate Bay is loose at best ; his hosting company once offered bandwidth to The Pirate Bay in the past , but as Torrent Freak points out , this was likely due to a Pirate Bay founder having once worked there .
The Pirate Bay is n't exactly quaking in its boots .
The group has already stated it does n't believe that anything will come of Roswall 's legal threat and that it plans to stick around for a long time .
That 's partially because over a year after Swedish police raided the site and confiscated a number of its servers , authorities still have nothing to show for it .
Peter Sunde , one of The Pirate Bay administrators , says that he 's been expecting the charges for some time .
" I 'm quite confident we 're gonna win and I was expecting this to happen , " he tells Ars .
" Roswall is also a very biased man , so I 'm glad to take it to court instead of letting him dig around my personal life for no apparent reason .
Actually , it 's kinda funny . "
Pirate Bay admins continue to insist that the site does not host any content , legal or illegal — it merely acts as a search engine for others to find torrent files .
This is , of course , only the latest of the The Pirate Bay - related legal news for the season .
Earlier this month , Prince began to make good on his promise to go after sites that allegedly host or make it easy to find unauthorized copies of his music , including The Pirate Bay and YouTube .
The artist has reportedly hired the services of Web Sheriff to help with his lawsuits ; Web Sheriff president John Giacobbi told CNet last week that Prince plans to go after The Pirate Bay 's advertisers as well as the site itself , since The Pirate Bay allegedly earns some $ 70,000 per month in advertising revenue .
As we learned last week , that pressure has already started to be applied , though Sunde says that it has been largely unsuccessful to date .
Finally , the battle is still brewing between The Pirate Bay and the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry over the alleged hijacking of ifpi.com .
The UK - based organization is not happy that its old domain has fallen into the possession of The Pirate Bay and has initiated a complaint with the World Intellectual Property Organization ( WIPO ) in hopes of getting it back .
Sunde expressed concern at WIPO 's ability to resolve the conflict fairly , since the organization is a cooperating partner with the IFPI .
" I 'm quite sure it will not be a fair arbitration .
IFPI and WIPO are in cooperation with each other ( just look at WIPO 's homepage where they say they work close together with , for instance , IFPI ) , " he says .
However , IFPI spokesperson Alex Jacob has told Ars that this should not be a concern , as the WIPO " appoints an arbitrator from a list of outside lawyers / professors not employed by WIPO . "
Between being stalked by investigators taking pictures from cars , trying to purchase its own island , and taking control of the ifpi.com domain name , it 's been an eventful year for The Pirate Bay .
2008 promises to be just as interesting .
FOR more than a quarter - century , the dominant idea guiding economic policy in the United States and much of the globe has been that the market is unfailingly wise .
So wise that the proper role for government is to steer clear and not mess with the gusher of wealth that will flow , trickling down to the every level of society , if only the market is left to do its magic .
That notion has carried the day as industries have been unshackled from regulation , and as taxes have been rolled back , along with the oversight powers of government .
Faith in markets has held sway as insurance companies have fended off calls for more government - financed health care , and as banks have engineered webs of finance that have turned houses from mere abodes into assets traded like dot - com stocks .
But lately , a striking unease with market forces has entered the conversation .
The world confronts problems of staggering complexity and consequence , from a shortage of credit following the mortgage meltdown , to the threat of global warming .
Regulation  nasty talk in some quarters , synonymous with pointy - headed bureaucrats choking the market  is suddenly being demanded from unexpected places .
The Bush administration and the Federal Reserve have in recent weeks put aside laissez - faire rhetoric to wade into real estate , wielding new rules and deals they say are necessary to protect Americans from predatory bankers  the same bankers who , only a year ago , were being lauded for creativity .
Were the market left to its own devices , millions could lose their homes , the administration now says .
MEXICO CITY ( Reuters ) - Mexico
City has started a women - only bus service to protect female passengers from groping and verbal abuse common on the city ’s packed public transportation system .
Millions of people cram into subway trains and buses in the Mexican capital , one of the world ’s largest cities , and women have long complained of abuse from men taking advantage of overcrowding to sneak in an inappropriate grab .
“ One time a man stuck his hand up my skirt .
They grab your butt ...
It ’s gross , ” said 27 - year - old office assistant Lourdes Zendejas , who waited 20 minutes during the evening rush hour to catch one of the new buses .
The special buses pull up at ordinary stops but have large pink “ women only ” signs on the front and side .
They were added to two busy routes last week and the city government plans to expand the program to 15 other routes by April .
Mexico City ’s transport system , which also includes hundreds of privately operated “ micro ” buses , carries twice as many riders as New York’s .
“ We were constantly receiving complaints of women being leered at , kissed or followed , ” said Carlos Cervantes , spokesman for the city ’s public bus system .
Mexico City already had reserved the first three cars in subway trains for women and children but this is the first time the model has been tried in buses .
Women using the new service on Monday had space to sit down and giggled as the driver turned away men at the door .
“ This is wonderful .
Men never give up their seat for us old people , no one is a gentleman , ” said 73 - year - old Beatriz Perez , whose bulging shopping bags were tucked under her seat .
But not everyone was convinced that having only women would make the ride more pleasant .
“ Women can be aggressive too , ” said telephone operator Rosa Maria Vargas , 42 , traveling with her 9 - year - old son .
“ When it gets really crowded , I ’ve been pushed and punched before by men and women . ”
A Swedish hemp farmer was given an environmental prize in his local community for his efforts to fight a ban on the growing of industrial hemp .
Ulf Hammarsten faced criminal narcotics charges after police confiscated his first hemp plants seven years ago , The Local newspaper said Thursday .
Hammarsten eventually earned the right to continue growing hemp when he defeated the Swedish authorities in an EU court case , ending a 30 year ban , the newspaper said .
" It became clear to me quite early that this was an environmentally friendly crop that cleanses the Earth , " he told Sveriges Radio .
" Hemp sucks up substances that destroy the soil such as industrial fertilizer and pesticides . "
The industrial uses of hemp include the production of paper , food , oil , fuel , paint , cosmetics and pharmaceuticals , the newspaper said .
Copyright 2007 by United Press International
China has played an important role in Latin America ’s response to the COVID - 19 pandemic and its economic fallout
いやー、でかいなーと思って。 大きさを分かるように写真を撮るって難しいっすね。 とりあえずBLACK BLACK を置いてみた。
日本語訳も出たことだし、 少しコメントしてみる 。
私が最初にGNOMEを見たのはかなり初期の頃で、 さっぱりUIが統一されてなくて、 ちっとも使い心地のよいものではなかった。 それでWindowMakerで十分と、それ以来GNOMEを目にすることはなかった。
半年ぐらい前、GNOME使いに久々に出会って、 KDE vs. GNOME な議論をしていたのだが、 最近のGNOMEを触らせてもらって、 大雑把ではあったけれど、 案外良くなってるなあと感じた。
しか しFirefox 1.5系のファイル・ダイアログの不満をぶつぶつ言ってたとき、
「これはFirefoxのダイアログではなく、GNOMEのダイアログである 」 という指摘を受けた。 うげー、GNOMEって、全部こんななの？！って訊いたら、 そうだと言う。 じゃあ、全然使えねーじゃん！ KDEでいいよ、KDEで、と思ったのであった。
そういう技術的側面はさておき、 GNOMEのまずいところは欠点を指摘されたときの態度だと思う。
ケチつけるやつはみんな許さん、みたいな空気が漂っていて。
Linusが指摘しているのもその点なのだと思う。
プログラミング言語ではよくありがちで、 しばしばうんざりするんだけれど、
自分の好きなものに対する批判を一切受け付けないという態度は誉められたものではない。
ソフトウェアとは進化するものである。 今ある欠点も明日は欠点でなくなっているかもしれない。
実際にそうなるかどうかは、批判を真摯に受け止められるかどうかにかかっている。
On the 50th Anniversary of Atlas Shrugged
October 29 , 2007
On October , 1957 , Ayn Rand 's novel Atlas Shrugged first appeared .
It was greeted by one reviewer with what I regard as the supreme put - down in the history of literary criticism : " This is the worst American novel since The Fountainhead . "
It is a conceptually confused novel .
It was offered in the name of individual liberty , yet its description of how capitalism works is so wrongheaded that it undermines what Rand regarded as a call to economic liberty .
I can think of few books that have more completely misunderstood how capitalism works .
It has always baffled me that anyone who understands the nature of the capitalist system would find much in this book to praise .
The book 's theme is this : the captains of industry are intellectually gifted people who are the source of the capitalist system 's productivity .
There are very few of them .
At some point in the future , they bond together by their commitment to the defense of liberty of thought and personal creativity .
When they see that the political deck is stacked against genius and creativity , they retreat from society to hole up like Butch Cassidy 's Hole in the Wall Gang .
They hole up in a Colorado valley , not in Wyoming .
Without their presence , society begins to break down .
The government 's mismanagement brings everything to a grinding halt .
The closing image of the book is a train wreck , which was the result of lame - brained government officials .
This train wreck symbolic of both social decay and discontinuity .
Fact :
It was not government that destroyed passenger trains .
It was the airplane .
This was no discontinuity .
It was a steady process that was far advanced in 1957 .
Why Rand used a train wreck as her symbol of discontinuity is unclear to me .
Why not a plane crash ?
I can imagine no more confused description of capitalism and the battles we faced in 1957 and still face today .
The captains of industry are not high - minded intellectual giants .
They are people with the peculiar knack of making money .
This knack is ultimately personal and unique .
It can not be taught .
It can not be reduced to formulas .
Entrepreneurship is the ability to forecast the economic future and then allocate resources so as to meet consumer demand .
This is the thesis of Ludwig von Mises in Human Action .
The works of Mises ' student Israel Kirzner best explain the uniqueness of the entrepreneurial knack .
Far from being intellectual giants , successful capitalists display above - average intelligence , but genius is as rare among them as it is in all other above - average IQ populations .
They share no common traits , other than the ability to find ways to exploit the ignorance of their competitors regarding future supply and demand .
High - minded ?
Hardly .
Adam Smith described them well in 1776 : ready to collude together against the public interest whenever they can get the state to provide them with a monopoly through state coercion .
Consumers pay them for only one thing : their ability to deliver the goods at a low prices .
Capitalists stand ready at any time to get the state to skew the conditions in their favor .
Smith did not have one good word to say for businessmen as a class .
He distrusted their motives completely .
But Rand treated them as if they were heroes under siege by the state .
Better to see them as ideological trimmers laying siege on their competitors and consumers alike by means of the state 's collusion with them .
Rand did not understand entrepreneurship .
She did not understand that society - transforming entrepreneurship is not about doing great , creative things .
It is about doing little , unconventional things for 250 consecutive years .
It is not about rugged individualism .
It is about using the prevailing system to make a buck any way you can , and then stay out of jail .
Consumers are in charge .
They do n't make capitalists rich because businessmen are ideologically pure or heroic defenders of property rights .
Consumers hand money over to them to get what they want .
Capitalists respond to incentives .
The main incentive is money , not the applause of the public for a job ideologically well done .
We get what we pay for .
We pay for delivery of the goods in the situation at hand .
We need not fear that Atlas will shrug .
We should instead fear that he will pay off some key politicians to get an edge against the ever - fickle , ever - demanding consumers : us .
The heart of the free market 's competitive order is the threat of replacement .
Sellers fear replacement by other sellers .
Consumers fear replacement by other consumers .
Producers look over their shoulders and think , " If I could just shut these guys out of the market . "
Consumers look over their shoulders and think the same thing about rival consumers .
For every captain of industry ready to retire , there are a dozen or more up - and - coming hot - shots ready to replace him .
The free market rewards captains of industry with huge benefits .
The idea that there are only a few of these people , and their departure into Colorado could in any way undermine the creativity of entrepreneurs , is ludicrous .
There are always smart , innovative people ready to replace retirees , no matter why they retired .
Whatever appeal the novel has had to budding capitalists , it is utterly misguided .
It misrepresents the motives of the captains of industry .
It also misrepresents their crucial ability : not ideological purity but rather the ability to make a buck .
Sellers are ready to sell the country 's freedom in exchange for an edge against other sellers .
Consumers are ready to do the same against other consumers .
Meanwhile , the great economic goal of special - interest group politics is to keep competition out of the marketplace .
This , politics has done with great skill .
Rand described a great discontinuity : the retreat of the creative elite from participating in the capitalist system .
She ignored the obvious : the creative elite in capitalism is in it for the money .
" Show me the money " is their universal mantra .
The greatest discontinuity that we face today is the discontinuity imposed by a government - licensed central banking cartel that has lured entrepreneurs into high - risk projects .
How ?
With false signals : low interest rates produced by fiat money rather than thrift .
The threat is not that Atlas will ever shrug .
It is that he will lift the earth too high , stagger , and then drop it without warning .
His looming problem is not shrugging .
His looming problem is a hernia , followed by a slipped disc .
For a free subscription to my Tip of the Week , use the subscription box here : www.garynorth.com
Waterboarding is ' drowning ' , ' water torture ' : expert testimony David Edwards and Adam Doster
Published : Saturday November 10 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This Interrogation expert Malcolm Nance , who serves as a counterterrorism and intelligence consultant for the U.S. government and was formerly an instructor at the Navy 's Survival , Evasion , Resistance and Escape school in California , did not mince when detailing the dangers of waterboarding , the highly controversial interrogation technique to which he was previously subjected .
" I did n't feel like I was about to die , but I understood that the process of degrading my respiratory system was taking effect , " he said in an interview with ABC News ' Brian Ross .
" I was drowning . "
Nance experienced this simulation during staff instructor training at the Navy school .
Because the staff must be exposed to all of the processes any student would ever encounter , the dangerous tactic was required as well .
" I know my first thought was , ' I 'm being tortured , ' " he said , " ' and this is not a simulation . ' "
Nance , who has served 17 years with the Navy , pointed out that waterboarding videos circulating in the media do n't accurately depict the procedure , which he says involves " a very rapid process where a person is put onto a table and then water is introduced to the point where it overcomes their ability to swallow or spit it away , " eventually filling the lungs .
On Wednesday , Nance told a House subcommittee that " waterboarding should be banned . "
As an instructor , Nance conducted " prisoner of war and terrorist hostage survival programs , " according to an AP report .
The following video is from ABCNews.com 's Brian Ross Investigates and MSNBC's Countdown , broadcast on November 8 and 9 , 2007 .
Famous pictures and video of an Israeli F - 15 , flown by pilot Zivi Nedivi in 1983 , who managed to return to base safely after losing an entire wing in a mid-air collision with an A - 4 Skyhawk .
An absolutely remarkable display of piloting skill , not to mention a fabulous demonstration of the durability of the F - 15 Eagle .
Posted under ,
To Clinton , the Presidency is more about achieving goals than about transforming society .
Illustration by Mark Ulriksen
In the fall of 1971 , a Yale Law School student named Greg Craig sublet his apartment , on Edgewood Avenue , in New Haven , to his classmate Hillary Rodham and her boyfriend , Bill Clinton , for seventy - five dollars a month .
Over the following decades , Craig and the Clintons continued to cross paths .
Craig , who became a partner at the blue - chip law firm Williams & Connolly , in Washington , D.C. , received regular invitations to White House Christmas parties , where Hillary always remembered to ask about his five children .
In the fall of 1998 , President Clinton asked him to lead the defense team that the White House was assembling for the impeachment battle .
On a bookshelf in Craig ’s large corner office are several photographs of him with one or both Clintons , including a snapshot of the President and his lawyers — their arms folded victoriously across their chests — taken after Craig ’s successful presentation during the Senate trial .
An inscription reads , “ To Greg .
We struck the right pose — and you struck the right chords !
Thanks —
Bill Clinton , 2/99 . ”
In spite of his long history with the Clintons , Craig is an adviser to Barack Obama ’s campaign .
“ Ninety - five per cent of it is because of my enthusiasm for Obama , ” he said last month , at his law office .
“ I really regard him as a fresh and exciting voice in American politics that has not been in my life since Robert Kennedy . ”
In 1968 , Craig , who is sixty - two , was campaigning for Eugene McCarthy when he heard a Bobby Kennedy speech at the University of Nebraska , and became a believer on the spot .
Since then , Craig has not been inspired by any American President .
As for the prospect of another Clinton Presidency , he said , “ I do n’t discount the possibility of her being able to inspire me .
But she has n’t in the past , and Obama has . ”
Inspiration is an underexamined part of political life and Presidential leadership .
In its lowest , most common form , inspiration is simple charisma that becomes magnified by the media , as with Ronald Reagan or Bill Clinton .
On rare occasions , however , a leader can become the object of an intensely personal , almost spiritual desire for cleansing , community , renewal — for what Hillary , in a 1969 commencement speech at Wellesley , called “ more immediate , ecstatic , and penetrating modes of living . ”
Somewhere between the merely great communicators and the secular saints are the exceptional politicians who , as Hillary put it then , “ practice politics as the art of making what appears to be impossible possible . ”
Robert B. Reich , the Secretary of Labor in Clinton ’s first term , who now teaches at Berkeley , told me that he believes political inspiration to be “ the legitimizing of social movements and social change , the empowering of all sorts of people and groups to act as remarkable change agents . ”
Reich was once a close friend of both Clintons — he met Hillary when they were undergraduates , and began a Rhodes Scholarship the same year as Bill — but he has not endorsed a candidate , and he seems drawn to Obama , for the same reasons that attracted Craig .
“ Obama is to me very analogous to Robert Kennedy , ” Reich said .
“ The closer you got to him , the more you realized that his magic lay in his effect on others rather than in any specific policies .
But he became a very important vehicle .
He got young people very excited .
He was transformative in the sense of just who he was .
And a few things he said about social justice licensed people .
Obama does all that , almost effortlessly . ”
The alternatives facing Democratic voters have been characterized variously as a choice between experience and change , between an insider and an outsider , and between two firsts — a woman and a black man .
But perhaps the most important difference between these two politicians — whose policy views , after all , are almost indistinguishable — lies in their rival conceptions of the Presidency .
Obama offers himself as a catalyst by which disenchanted Americans can overcome two decades of vicious partisanship , energize our democracy , and restore faith in government .
Clinton presents politics as the art of the possible , with change coming incrementally through good governance , a skill that she has honed in her career as advocate , First Lady , and senator .
This is the real meaning of the remark she made during one of the New Hampshire debates : “ Dr. King ’s dream began to be realized when President Lyndon Johnson passed the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , when he was able to get through Congress something that President Kennedy was hopeful to do — the President before had not even tried — but it took a President to get it done . ”
In the overheated atmosphere of a closely fought primary , this historically sound statement set off a chain reaction of accusations , declarations of offense , and media hysteria , and for a few days the Democratic Party seemed poised to descend into a self - destructive frenzy of identity politics .
The Times editorial page scolded Clinton for playing racial politics and choosing a bizarre role model in Johnson ; the columnist Bob Herbert accused her of taking “ cheap shots ” at King .
But Clinton was simply expressing her belief that the Presidency is more about pushing difficult legislation through a fractious Congress than it is about transforming society .
In the recent debate before the Nevada caucus , Obama , who confessed to being disorganized , said that the Presidency has little to do with running an efficient office : “ It involves having a vision for where the country needs to go . . . and then being able to mobilize and inspire the American people to get behind that agenda for change . ”
In reply , Clinton likened the job of President to that of a “ chief executive officer ” who has “ to be able to manage and run the bureaucracy . ”
Similarly , if this campaign is , among other things , a referendum on the current occupant of the White House — as elections at the end of failed Presidencies inevitably are — then its outcome will be determined partly by whether voters find George W. Bush guilty of incompetence or of demeaning American politics .
Clinton is presenting herself as the candidate who is tough and knowledgeable enough to fix the broken systems of government : the intelligence agencies , the Justice Department , the legislative process , the White House itself .
Last week , speaking on the phone from California , she said that a President allows advisers to oversee the running of government at his or her peril .
“ Otherwise , you cede too much authority , and although it may not be immediately apparent to the public , the government picks up on those signals , ” she said .
“ What we now know about how Dick Cheney basically controlled the information going to Bush means that we ’ll never really know how much responsibility Bush should be assumed to have taken with respect to serious decisions .
The water will flow downstream , and often pool in great reservoirs of power that will then be taken advantage of by those who have been smart enough to figure out how to pull the levers .
And I know from my own experience , and certainly watching how deeply involved Bill was in those areas that he thought were important , what it takes to try to get the government to respond .
It ’s not easy .
We ’re talking about this massive bureaucracy . . . and you have to be prepared on Day One to basically wrest the power away in order to realize the goals and vision that you have for the country . ”
I have been following the financial markets for more than 30 years .
Crises have come and gone , but the one unfolding since August and which intensified last week is the most serious .
It is not just that its impact is cascading around the world because of the new interconnectedness of global finance , it is that the authorities , particularly in Britain and America , have lost control and do not have the means to regain it as quickly as we might hope .
With an oil price approaching $ 100 a barrel , we are in an uncharted and dangerous place .
After more than 15 years of extraordinarily benevolent economic conditions worldwide - cheap oil , cheap money , growing trade , the Asia boom , rising house prices - things are unravelling at bewildering speed .
The system might be able to handle one shock ; it is undoubtedly too fragile to handle so many simultaneously .
The epicentre is the hegemonic London and New York financial system .
No longer are these discrete financial markets ; financial deregulation and the global ambitions of American and European banks have made them intertwined .
They are one system that operates around the same principles , copying each other 's methods , making the same mistakes and exposing themselves to each other 's risks .
Thus the collapse of the American housing market , the explosive growth of American home repossessions and the discovery that ' structured investment vehicles ' ( SIVs ) , the toxic newfangled financial instruments that own as much as $ 350bn of valueless mortgages , are not American problems .
They are ours too .
The recent departure of the CEOs of two of the biggest investment banks - UBS and Merrill Lynch - after unexpected losses and loan write - offs running into many billions of dollars is not just an American problem , it 's ours .
It is also our problem that Credit Suisse last week announced more billions of write - offs , and Citigroup was rumoured to be following suit with even bigger losses .
When banks take hits as big as this , it hurts their capacity to lend , because prudence demands they have up to eight dollars or pounds of their own capital to support every hundred dollars or pounds that they lend .
If they do n't , they have to lend less - and that is called a credit crunch .
This crunch is already upon us - hence the massive selling of bank shares at the end of last week and the extraordinary news that the taxpayer , one way or another , now has supplied £ 40bn to the stricken mortgage lender Northern Rock , a sum that could climb to £ 50bn by Christmas .
Stunningly , that represents 5 per cent of GDP .
The bank got into trouble because it thought , under the chairmanship of free - market fundamentalist Matt Ridley , that it could escape trivial matters like having savers ' deposits to finance its adventurous lending .
Instead , it could copy the Americans and sell SIVs to banks in London - most of them the same banks that bought from New York - and it could steal a march on its competitors .
But in the London / New York financial system , when things went wrong in the US they immediately went wrong for Northern Rock in Britain .
The banks announcing those epic write - offs no longer wanted to buy Northern Rock 's loans - and neither did anybody else .
The Bank and Treasury hoped to get by with masterly inactivity , but instead , as we know , there was a run on the bank .
The government had to step in by guaranteeing £ 20bn of small savers ' deposits - but also , we now learn , by supplying £ 30bn of finance that the financial system will no longer supply itself .
This is testimony to the degree of fear that characterises today 's credit crunch - and it bodes ill .
What is worse , the Ridleyite maxims that got Northern Rock into trouble have also disabled the rescue , protracting rather than limiting the crisis .
What should have happened , of course , is that when the Bank of England found that it could not find a secret buyer for Northern Rock in the summer , it should have done what it did in the 1974 secondary banking crisis .
It should have taken Northern Rock into the Bank of England 's ownership .
Individual depositors and the City institutions alike would have been quickly reassured , and when the crisis passed the bank could have been sold back into the private sector .
But in 2007 , the Ridley view of how to run a bank is also the authorities ' view of how to respond to a crisis .
There is a prohibition on even short - term public ownership .
In a free - market fundamentalist world , this , like regulation , is regarded as wrong .
Instead , the most expensive and riskier route has been taken so that Northern Rock remains part of the problem rather than the solution .
For when a central bank supplies rescue finance on this epic scale , it has wider implications .
In effect it is printing money to bail out Northern Rock ; good for the financial system , but bad for the rest of us because it will make it harder for the Bank to cut interest rates .
Already the British property market is in trouble .
Given the absurd prices it is all too possible that we could follow the American market , with huge bad debts and mortgage repossessions .
The way Northern Rock has been rescued will make it hard for the Bank to cut interest rates and revive the property market , while remaining wedded to its inflation target .
And if there are more Northern Rocks rescued in the same way , the dilemma will get worse .
Last week David Cameron proudly pronounced that the Tories were winning the battle of ideas .
He could not be more wrong .
The credit crunch is testimony to the exhaustion of a conservative free - market world - view .
To get through this crisis , the American and British governments are going to have to think what hitherto has been unthinkable .
Already the Americans are cutting interest rates careless of the inflationary consequences .
Britain may have to follow suit .
Both governments will have to devise new forms of regulation and control .
Banks may have to be taken into public ownership .
For 30 years we have been suckered into thinking that public authority has no business intervening in the wealth - generating , free - market financial system .
This is the year when reality resurfaced with a vengeance .
will.hutton@observer.co.uk
· This article was amended on November 11 2007 .
The article above described Matt Ridley , who recently resigned as chairman of Northern Rock , as ' Viscount Ridley ' , but Matthew White Ridley , 4th Viscount Ridley , is Matt Ridley 's father .
This has been corrected .
Ruby and python have been mentioned many times on LtU , but I would like the opinnion of gurus here .
Which language is more interesting for those who have deeper knowledge of programming language theory ?
I 'm not so concerned with speed of respective VMs , the community around these languages , even their syntax , etc .
I 'm iterested in the languages ( and their APIs I suppose ) .
For example , for practical programming , are ruby 's continuations significantly better than python 's co-routines ( 2.5 ) ?
How do ' lambda ' functions in each language compare ?
Is one language closer to ' functional ' programming than another ?
Is one language better than another for building logic programming or constraint logic programming constructs ?
Is one language better than another for building the kind of functionality found in concurrent languages ( erlang , Oz ) ?
An important New York Times / CBS
News survey finds that six years after the terror attacks of 9/11 , " 33 percent of all Americans , including 40 percent of Republicans and 27 percent of Democrats , say Saddam Hussein was personally involved . "
In reality , of course , Saddam and Iraq had absolutely no connection to the terror attacks .
1/3 of Americans believe the Big Lie propaganda tactics employed by the pro-war lobby .
Only 5 percent of Americans " most trusted the Bush administration to resolve the war , the poll found .
Asked to choose among the administration , Congress and military commanders , 21 percent said they would most trust Congress and 68 percent expressed most trust in military commanders .
That is almost certainly why the White House has presented General Petraeus and Mr. Crocker as unbiased professionals , not Bush partisans . "
Python for Mobile Devices software for mobile devices , PDA's , cell phones , handheld computers and for developers !
Dare Obasanjo : Recently I took a look at CouchDB because I saw it favorably mentioned by Sam Ruby and when Sam says some technology is interesting , he ’s always right
Dare ’s review of CouchDB is worth a read .
( Update : so are Assaf Arkin 's and Damien Katz 's responses )
He gets more things right than wrong .
And he does n’t get things wrong so much as he has a tendency to make unqualified statements that need to be qualified .
Like statements that things that are interesting to me tend to be interesting to Dare ( but to my kids ?
Not so much ) .
Another example :
One thing that not so interesting is that editing documents is lockless and utilizes optimistic concurrency which means more work for clients .
That ’s definitely a statement that requires qualification .
Perhaps one like this one :
Document oriented database work well for semi-structured data where each item is mostly independent and is often processed or retrieved in isolation .
While that is a good qualification , it errs on being a bit too restrictive , particularly when Dare follows up with :
However there are also lots of Web applications that are about managing heavily structured , highly interrelated data ( e.g. sites that heavily utilize tagging or social networking ) where the document - centric model does n’t quite fit .
Prior to the web , most hypertext theory centered around bidirectional links and fixed schemas .
Approaches that would n’t scale and do n’t easily evolve .
By contrast , the web is made up of sites that independently update so that Dare can post to his web site without requiring anything like a lock that would affect me posting to mine .
Both of our sites enable comments , so there is a limited ability for others to post things , but this tends to operate at such a low rate ( dozens of updates per day ) that optimistic concurrency is n’t much of an issue .
And yet search engines like Google and approaches like map / reduce show that such sites can be reasonably indexed .
Concrete example , from the social networking space .
My Facebook profile could be viewed as a document .
One with one primary author and limited abilities for others to modify it .
And yet things like the News Feed could easily be produced by a map / reduce job .
In parallel .
Across a large cluster of commodity machines and is highly scalable manner .
To get a perspective on why this is important , consider that I started looking at this from the other side .
What happens when your application grows so large that you have no choice but to massively employ techniques like sharding ?
What do you have to give up ?
What do you need to add back in in order to mitigate the loss of the things you give up ?
At a certain point , referential integrity has to be given up .
Scale a bit further , and even the notion of a relation in the relational database sense of the word starts to break down .
To cope , you denormalize a bit , not so much for performance reasons ( though that ’s important too ) , but as a self defense mechanism so that the pieces of data that you do have have enough context to be meaningful .
What replaces a Department table in a typical Company / Employees database ( or one that identifies a Group in a Facebook like appication ) when faced with the prospects of mega- sharding ?
The CouchDB answer is views , ones that are computed by map / reduce jobs that essentially extracts ( or maps ) “ tags ” and “ social relations ” from profile documents and reduces them into documents of their own right .
This leads to
although focusing on JSON instead of XML makes it buzzword compliant
Dare , you say this like it was a bad thing :-) .
Do you really want to continue to program with Circles , Triangles , and Rectangles ?
Or would you rather your program looks something like this ?
And then to :
and is definitely not a replacement / evolution of relational databases
What I have come to realize is that the very things that make J2EE and Relational Databases suitable for Enterprise scale applications are the very things that act as road bumps on workgroup scale and on web scale applications .
Simply put , relational databases will get squeezed on both sides .
Footnote : as I was writing this , I saw Chuck Vose 's take .
His first bet takes some of my thinking to its logical conclusion , but he does n’t yet see what I see in CouchDB .
Perhaps this post will help shed some light on why I think CouchDB is in line with my other bets .
His second bet goes off the rails [ heh ] a bit with :
And I realize that this is all possible in the REST model , but it makes the controllers obscene sometimes .
I ’d like to put forward another possibility .
While DHH is enamored of REST ( and I deserve a small bit of the “ blame ” for that ) his views on “ stored procedures ” is widely known ( search for “ Choose a single layer of cleverness " ) .
Perhaps the map / reduce abstraction might just cause him to give a little on the latter in order to maintain the former .
Craig fights to have guilty plea withdrawn
Sen. Larry Craig ( R - Idaho ) is once again fighting to withdraw his guilty plea in an airport sex sting , filing an appeals brief on Tuesday arguing that his actions were not criminal .
“ There is an insufficient factual basis to support the finding that he is guilty of violating any laws , ” said Craig 's lawyer , Billy Martin .
The filing is an appeal to an October ruling in Minnesota , rejecting Craig ’s first attempt to have the guilty plea withdrawn .
Craig was arrested by an undercover police officer at the Minneapolis airport on June 11 as part of a broader investigation into men soliciting sex in airport restrooms .
According to the officer who made the arrest , Craig tapped his feet ( in the now infamous “ wide stance ” ) and swiped his hand along a stall divider in a suggestive manner .
In the brief , Craig ’s legal team argues that the senator ’s actions were not criminal because Minnesota ’s disorderly conduct law requires that conduct alarm or anger “ others , ” while Craig ’s actions only affected a single individual — the officer who made the arrest .
The brief also argues that Craig ’s hand gestures are a form of constitutionally protected speech .
Airport authorities , however , remain skeptical .
" Facts are resilient , " airport spokesman Patrick Hogan told The Associated Press .
" And Sen .
Craig 's continued , transparent efforts to escape them do n't change the truth of his behavior in an airport restroom or the fact that he admitted guilt last August . "
In a statement , Martin said the court of appeals “ abused its discretion ” by not allowing Craig to withdraw his plea and maintained Craig 's innocence .
It has been a good legal week for Martin , who got another high profile client — football star Michael Vick — transferred to a drug treatment center , which could reduce his sentence in the notorious dogfighting case .
In the Craig matter , the state of Minnesota now has 45 days to file a response .
They say that fashion comes in cycles – well one surprising trend making a comeback is the return of vintage rock and heavy metal tees from the 80s .
Lindsay Lohan has been spotted wearing Iron Maiden as well as Motley Crue with skinnys .
Mary Kate has been seen wearing a Franky Says Relax t’shirt – you may remember “ Relax ” released by Franky Goes to Hollywood and , for those that are a bit younger and were n’t around then , you may remember the tune featured in Zoolander .
Mischa Barton is another fashionista being snapped with her high waisted jeans and Fleetwood Mac T’shirt .
Tell us what you think of this trend in the Fashionising Forums .
Photo Source
Times defends hiring conservative Kristol
The New York Times ’ hiring of Weekly Standard editor Bill Kristol to write for its op - ed page caused a frenzy in the liberal blogosphere Friday night , with threats of canceling subscriptions and claims that the Gray Lady had been hijacked by neo-cons
But Times editorial page editor Andy Rosenthal sees things differently .
Advertisement
Rosenthal told Politico shortly after the official announcement Saturday that he fails to understand “ this weird fear of opposing views . ”
“ The idea that The New York Times is giving voice to a guy who is a serious , respected conservative intellectual — and somehow that ’s a bad thing , ” Rosenthal added .
“ How intolerant is that ? ”
Kristol , whose strident support of President Bush and the war in Iraq remains a source of consternation among liberals , took pride in the reaction on the Huffington Post , where the news first broke .
“ I was flattered watching blogosphere heads explode , ” Kristol told Politico .
“ It was kind of amusing . ”
Unlike The Times ’ stable of biweekly columnists — including Maureen Dowd and fellow Standard alum David Brooks — Kristol will write only once a week , with his first column set for Jan .
7 .
Rosenthal said that he has known Kristol since Rosenthal ’s days as a Times White House correspondent when the conservative writer was Vice President Dan Quayle ’s chief of staff .
Offering Kristol a one - year contract made sense , Rosenthal said , given the increased interest in the 2008 election .
But Kristol also had to end his arrangement with Time magazine , where he had been writing a column , albeit more irregularly .
Kristol will remain editor of the Weekly Standard , saying he does not expect any interference , since the magazine closes the end of the week and The Times column needs to be filed Sunday evening .
Not to mention , Kristol is accustomed to working weekends as a regular panelist on " Fox News Sunday . "
The Times has had conservative columnists before .
William Safire had a long - running column — and since his retirement in 2005 , Brooks joined the staff .
But clearly , Brooks , author of “ Bobos in Paradise ” and a keen sociological observer , is far more palatable than Kristol to the readers of the liberal - leaning Times editorial page .
“ We have views on our op - ed page that are as hawkish or more so than Bill , ” Rosenthal said , adding , “ The whole point of the op - ed page is to air a variety of opinions . ”
The weeks ahead , though , will prove whether some Times readers actually cancel their newspaper subscriptions — especially since TimesSelect , the Web pay wall guarding the section , was already killed off in September .
Either way , subscriptions are n’t the only metric that matters these days .
Despised or not , Kristol is bound to create controversy ( read : Web page views ) .
It ’s no surprise that during this overheated election season Newsweek and other such magazines are bringing in political lighting rods like Karl Rove and Markos Moulitsas .
“ People who do n’t want to hear what their ideological opponents have to say are making a gigantic mistake , ” Rosenthal said .
And his new columnist agreed .
Kristol said that “ contribut[ing ] to the diversity of the Times is a worthwhile goal .
And anyone threatening to cancel subscriptions , ” he said , “ can toughen up and take it . ”
House Appropriations
Chair not backing down in fight to end ' misbegotten , stupid ' war Jason Rhyne
Published : Friday October 19 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This Obey was ' thunderstruck ' at Bush arrogance The Democratic chairman of the powerful House Appropriations Committee is prepared to play hardball with President Bush over funding the war in Iraq .
Rep. David Obey ( D - WI ) , who has pledged to sideline the latest Pentagon funding request until next year in addition to proposing a tax hike to finance the war , says he's not letting anything -- even Democratic leaders like Speaker Nancy Pelosi -- get in his way .
Obey , who told the Washington Post that he hates the " misbegotten , stupid , ill - advised " war , pushed past Speaker Pelosi 's objections to his plan to levy a tax to pay for the war , the paper reports .
" I went to Nancy a week before we did it , and I told her : ' Nancy , I 'm gonna do two things , '" said Obey , according to in the Post .
" One of them you 're gonna like , and one of them you 're not . "
Pelosi , who favored Obey 's idea of not addressing war funding this year , took issue with his war tax plan .
" Just as I have opposed the war from the outset ... I am opposed to a war surtax , " she said of the plan at the beginning of the month , and more recently stated that she did n't think that " an across - the - board tax was a fair one ... we do n't go forward lightly when we 're talking about a tax on all the American people . "
Undaunted ,
Obey will introduce the bill next week with Reps.
John Murtha ( D - PA ) and Jim McGovern ( D - MA ) .
The measure proposes adding two percent to the taxes of most Americans , and up to a 15 percent increase for wealthier tax payers , according to AP .
The chairman is also using the war to put in perspective what he views as comparatively inexpensive appropriations bills that are working their way through Congress .
" Obey views the $ 22 billion in extra domestic spending Democrats want as a drop in the bucket compared with the cost of the war , " the paper reports .
" He calls Bush 's philosophy ' an obscenity . ' "
The Congressman is taking a hard line against a president he says is a non-negotiator himself .
Citing an experience he had discussing homeland security spending with President Bush following the Sept. 11 attacks , Rep .
Obey told the Post that the president said at the time that " if you appropriate a dollar more than I 've asked for homeland security , I 'll veto the bill ... I 've got time for four or five comments , and I 'm out of here . "
" I can not tell you what a profound effect that meeting had on me , " Obey said .
" I was absolutely thunderstruck at the arrogance . "
Advertisements
Want a gift card ?
Participate in a presidential frontrunner survey !
There are many places in the American south that are accepting of Judaism , and not even in that weird eschatological / red cows sort of way .
Those places are not in pit row at a NASCAR event .
Just ask Jon Denning , NASCAR 's token Jewish driver .
Believe it or not , some people tried to convert Denning to Christianity .
Some claiming that he'd maybe do even better as a Christian .
But it was n't just other drivers and fans , it was even people on his own crew who would " curse Jews and put down minorities . "
Denning was in the Whelen American series , which is the entry - level racing series sanctioned by NASCAR .
Advertisement
Despite starting 15 races with three top five finishes and seven top 10 finishes , Denning was unable to get sponsorship to continue racing .
Until he can acquire sponsorship
Denning has decided to fulfill rather than continue to break a stereotype about Jewish people by taking an internship at the New York Mercantile Exchange .
This reminds us of the time that Murilee tried to convert Ray to Santeria , which most automotive journalists practice .
[ JTW ]
Astronomers from Arecibo Observatory radio telescope in Arecibo , Puerto Rico , have detected for the first time the molecules methanimine and hydrogen cyanide -- two ingredients that build life - forming amino acids -- in a galaxy some 250 million light years away .
When combined with water , the molecules form glycene , the simplest amino acid and a building block of life on Earth .
The Arecibo astronomers focused on the distant galaxy Arp 220 , an ultra-luminous starburst galaxy , because it forms new stars at a very high rate .
They used the 305 - meter , or 1,000 - foot diameter , Arecibo radio telescope , the world 's largest and most sensitive , to observe the galaxy at different frequencies .
The observations , made in April 2007 , were the first use of the 800 megahertz wide - band mode of the telescope 's main spectrometer .
The molecules were found by searching for radio emission at specific frequencies .
Each chemical substance has its own unique radio frequency , much like people have unique fingerprints .
" We were n't targeting any particular molecule , so we did n't know what we were going to find -- we just started searching , and what we found was incredibly exciting , " said Tapasi Ghosh , an Arecibo astronomer .
" The fact that we can observe these substances at such a vast distance means that there are huge amounts of them in Arp 220 , " said Emmanuel Momjian , a former Arecibo astronomer , now at the National Radio Astronomy Observatory in Socorro , N.M.
" It is indeed very intriguing to find that the ingredients of life appear in large quantities where new stars and planets are born . "
The astronomy team , led by Arecibo astronomer Christopher Salter , announced the discovery Jan. 11 in a poster presented at the American Astronomical Society meeting in Austin , Texas .
In addition to Salter , Momjian and Ghosh , the other researchers included Arecibo astronomers Robert Minchin and Mikael Lerner ; Barbara Catinella , a former Arecibo astronomer now at the Max Plank Institute for Astrophysics in Germany ; and Mayra Lebron , a former Arecibo astronomer now at the University of Puerto Rico .
The Arecibo Observatory is part of the National Astronomy and Ionosphere Center , a national research center operated by Cornell for the National Science Foundation .
. Tag the Kindle and Kindle ebooks on Amazon .
The Amazon kindle provides convenience , but at the cost of freedom .
When you purchase a kindle , you must agree to use the Digital Restriction Management ( DRM ) system .
Since all of the Kindle ebooks you purchase from Amazon are in their proprietary DRM format , you are also promising to not share them with friends .
And , because you promise to not circumvent the DRM , there is no way to move them to another device or a computer .
You are locked into the Kindle and you are locked into Amazon .
If you try to move them to a new ebook reader or a computer , Amazon can end your service and remove access to the books you have already purchased .
It seems that Amazon only cares to oppose DRM when they can profit from it , such as when they advertise their MP3's as " Play Anywhere , DRM - Free Downloads . "
The same is not true for Kindle ebooks .
Perhaps if they were honest they would advertise their ebooks as " Play Only Here , DRM - Laden Kindle Ebooks . "
Many people will accept the restrictions that come with the Kindle , but , they should know that their decision wo n't only effect just themselves .
If enough people accept the DRM on ebooks , there will be no incentive in the future for Amazon , or anybody else to offer non-DRM ebooks .
We are threatened by the market establishing a new cultural precedence in which books become bound to our devices , unable to be shared , and unable to be moved over to a new device or competing system .
We must reject DRM on ebooks and we must reject the Kindle .
Please help us in letting people know that the Kindle it is nothing more than a swindle .
Mark Pilgrim , author of Dive into Python , paints a lucid picture of the Future of Reading through a series of quotations .
It starts out with one from the CEO of Amazon.com , Jeff Bezos ( see image above ) , from an open letter he wrote to the Author 's Guild in 2002 :
When someone buys a book , they are also buying the right to resell that book , to loan it out , or to even give it away if they want .
Everyone understands this .
This is juxtaposed next to the Kindle 's Term of Service , which states ,
You may not sell , rent , lease , distribute , broadcast , sublicense or otherwise assign any rights to the Digital Content or any portion of it to any third party , and you may not remove any proprietary notices or labels on the Digital Content .
In addition , you may not , and you will not encourage , assist or authorize any other person to , bypass , modify , defeat or circumvent security features that protect the Digital Content .
And Mark finishes his " Play " with the termination clause in the Kindle Terms of Service that states :
Your rights under this Agreement will automatically terminate without notice from Amazon if you fail to comply with any term of this Agreement .
In case of such termination , you must cease all use of the Software and Amazon may immediately revoke your access to the Service or to Digital Content without notice to you and without refund of any fees .
When you agree to this Terms of Service , you are locked in to the Kindle , and you must promise to never try to escape .
This is why we have decided to rename the Kindle , the Swindle , and we invite you all to join us in tagging the Kindle and all of the the Kindle ebooks on Amazon.com with the phrase " Kindle Swindle . "
It ’s like if you walked into a painting class , told everyone that learning to paint was too hard , and then gave everyone a camera and told them that photography was the same thing as painting , only a lot easier to do .
No disrespect towards photographers intended .
If your comp - sci course is easy then you ’re either a genius or you ’re wasting your money .
The odds on that are not in your favour .
The sooner you figure out the game , the sooner you can start playing instead of being played .
your
I hear an argument that business programming is n’t hard .
It does not require understanding combinatorial logic and fixed points .
There is no value in knowing how to program in OCaml ( or why that might be a good idea ) .
Business programming is practical , and business programmers need practical training to do a practical job .
Ok , I ’ll bite .
Really .
As Keith would say , I ’ll climb down from my former position on this .
Fine .
So here ’s my question to you , Mr. “ An undergraduate Computer Science program ought to be as easy as business programming : ” Why do n’t businesses advertise for vocational college graduates ?
You are describing a vocational job to me .
The rote application of practical principles is nothing more and nothing less .
How is what you ’re describing any different than a job as an accounts receivable clerk or a dental technician ?
Or a land surveyor ?
Or a architectural draftsperson ?
These are all vocational jobs with a well - established and perfectly functional system for training clerks , technicians , surveyors , and draftspersons .
Well ?
Why wo n’t businesses come clean with everyone and say that ’s what they want ?
Let me tell you the cold , hard , truth .
You are n’t going to like this , but I ask you to believe me when I say that I am telling you this for your own good :
There is a culture of pretending business programming is more than it is .
Some of you calling for more Java in University may take false hope that I am on your side .
You may think that the people arguing for Scheme , Haskell , and OCaml are elitists .
Wrong .
They do not have a problem .
You are the one with a problem because you do n’t want to tell all your friends you have a job as a clerk .
You do a clerk ’s job , you settle for a clerk ’s working conditions and wages , but you take solace in the thought that you are somehow more than a clerk , because you have a university degree and the dental technician who cleans your teeth does n’t .
Only everyone knows it ’s a sham , especially the hiring manager who puts “ University degree required ” in the job advertisement .
He wants to hire a clerk , someone who will work long hours doing as they ’re told in a top - down , hierarchal command structure .
Does that job sound like there is any Science involved ?
Of course not , everyone knows that , it ’s why the industry is trying to weed all of the Science out of a Computer Science degree .
And you ’re falling for it , hook , line , and sinker .
The university just wants your money , they ’re selling you a gown and mortar for the low , low price of $ 5,836 a year ( books , room , board , and other expenses not included ) .
Business just wants to let you have your little fantasy of being a cut above the X - Ray Technician who does the same , repetitive thing all day working with a big flat screen and data that goes on a hard drive ( $ 45,950 median salary ) .
So we dumb down the curriculum .
Who loses ?
Please do n’t tell me the University loses its reputation .
They do n’t care , their budget is based on how many people like you they can con into getting a piece of paper that is n’t really any better than a vocational college certificate .
If they need any more prestige , they ’ll take your fees and give them to someone who will write a paper .
You did n’t write any papers , did you ?
The one thing that is really , really useful for getting ahead in business is learning to write , learning to speak , learning to persuade .
If a Computer Science degree was really meant to give you an advantage in a business environment , it would involve a lot more writing English than writing Java .
You would know that if you went on to get an MBA .
Anyways , the university is doing just fine , thank you for helping to pay for a fancy new building .
How about businesses ?
Are they losing because they 're paying university degree wages for clerks ?
No , because the secret of business is that the market works out the right price unless you can monopolize supply .
And you , my friend , are not monopolizing supply .
Did your university have a strict cap on the number of undergraduates entering the CompSci program ?
No ?
Then your degree has absolutely zero leverage .
Wait , I could be wrong .
Do businesses refuse to hire workers with foreign credentials ?
They do hire workers with foreign credentials ?
Well , there goes that component of value .
Let me tell you , and I speak as a hiring manager .
We lie to you .
We write in articles and books and on blogs how much we value a degree .
Joel Spolsky argues that there ought to be good degrees .
But I will bet anyone $ 100 that he will hire a high school graduate if that graduate is smart and can get things done .
Beyond your actual ability to write programs , a degree is only as meaningful as its scarcity .
If degrees are easy to get , they mean squat .
Sure , when I ’m hiring I might choose to toss all the no-experience resumés without degrees .
I ’m still left with a pile of two hundred people to interview .
Do you think I ’m paying any of you top dollar when I have 199 more people to see ?
The reality is that your degree is only a pacifier , a way to make you feel good about yourself .
The industry is selling you the illusion of respect .
I ’m telling you this because the sooner you figure out the game , the sooner you can start playing instead of being played .
If you really want to be more than a clerk , you can pay more attention to what is to be done and how much freedom you have to do it and less attention to whether there is a title or a degree involved .
You can be respected for your job .
But it has nothing to do with whether we pretend a university degree is required for the position .
Everybody knows it is n’t : if it was , there would be no need to dumb down the program to suit the job .
Respect comes from what you accomplish , and where programs are involved , it comes from writing programs , not from a title or a piece of a paper ( nor from a book or a blog ) .
Nobody on Earth can stop you from writing software and earning genuine respect .
So do yourself a favour .
Do n’t let them play this game at your expense .
Do n’t allow them to disrespect you so transparently .
You deserve more respect than that .p.s.
Look , there is nothing wrong with being a clerk as long as you not in denial about your job .
There is nothing wrong with educational institutions helping to fulfill a demand for clerks .
And although I do n’t think it is in a business ’s best interests to treat programmers as clerks , there is nothing wrong with a business making that choice .
That being said , there are institutions that offer much more than vocational training in their undergraduate programs .
Here ’s why it ’s in your best interests — not business ’s best interests , butbest interests — to get a degree involving actual Computer Science , not vocational training :
What good is a CS degree ?
And furthermore , there are plenty of programming careers that are an alternative to clerking .
I am not going to say better or worse , just different .
You do n’t have to follow that road , no matter how many others are going that way .
The point of this post is that you need to have your eyes wide open when choosing what type of education you need and what type of career to pursue .
© All Rights Reserved .
Please do not distribute without written permission from Damn Interesting .
A young boy peered into the dissection room at New York Hospital in post - colonial Manhattan only to see medical student John Hicks , Jr. pick up a corpse ’s arm and wave it at him .
Hicks then shouted , “ This is your mother ’s hand .
I just dug it up .
Watch it or I ’ll smack you with it ! ”
The frightened boy ran into the April night believing every word the student had said because his mother had died a few days before .
The father , upon hearing the story , gathered some friends and headed toward the local cemetery and his wife ’s burial plot .
They found the grave open and empty .
The hole had n’t even been refilled and the coffin had been pried apart .
Word soon spread through lower Manhattan and hundreds were storming the hospital .
It was the beginning of America ’s first riot – The Doctors ’ Mob Riot of 1788 .
The perpetrators of the grave robbing were a group known as “ resurrectionists ” and their purpose was to get cadavers for medical instruction .
Medical students and anatomy teachers of that time were frequently involved in grave robbing for this purpose .
Resurrectionists preferred to rob the graves of the poor and homeless but had no problem with desecrating any unguarded plot if demand was great enough .
The problem was so great in New York that wealthy families would pay a shotgun - wielding watchman to stand guard over a new burial for two weeks , after which time the body would become useless for dissection .
When the mob reached the hospital they circled the large building and blocked the exits .
The torch carrying crowd cried to lynch the doctors inside and might have except that all but one had escaped out the rear windows .
Only Dr. Wright Post and three students remained inside to protect anatomical specimens .
But they could n’t defy the rioters and everything from the rare specimens to surgical instruments were destroyed .
Dr. Wright and his three students had been taken to the city jail by the sheriff in order to protect them .
The mob ’s anger continued to build through the night .
They were looking for vengeance and doctors as they moved from street to street .
The crowd searched for John Hicks at the home of a prominent physician and would have found him had they looked in the attic .
In the morning Governor George Clinton called out the militia and many doctors scurried to leave town .
But the mob increased in size as the day progressed and they eventually headed towards Columbia College .
They attacked the college and destroyed yet more specimens and medical tools .
Future Secretary of the Treasury Alexander Hamilton tried valiantly to quiet them while future Chief Justice of the Supreme Court John Jay was knocked unconscious by a thrown rock .
By evening the rioters had descended on the Manhattan jail and would not disperse .
Baron Friedrich von Stueben , a hero of the American Revolution , was leading the militia and refused to use force ⁠— that was until he was hit in the head by a brick .
The order to shoot at the rioters was given .
The militia fired .
Eight were killed and many more were seriously wounded .
The doctors treated the wounded , and the rioters disbanded in the morning .
Weeks later the New York legislature passed a law allowing for the dissection of hanged criminals but the grave robbing continued as bodies started to arrive from Long Island .
The resurrectionists and grave robbers did n’t stop providing cadavers until the middle of the 19th century , thus making the riot completely in vain .
Today a clandestine market still exists for cadavers and body parts in America .
US law prohibits corpses from being traded and sold .
Still , by using legal loopholes some corpses can generate above $ 10,000 per body .
Since well before our Sundance debut last year , I ’ve been curious - slash - paranoid about when The Nines would start showing up on the BitTorrent trackers , the online repository of pirated movies and a few legitimate wares .
It was inevitable that the movie would get bootlegged at some point .
The timing was the delicate issue .
If it showed up before Sundance , some distributors might be frightened off ( why spend x dollars when people are already watching it for free ? ) .
If it showed up online before our theatrical release , we could anticipate a hit in ticket sales , and a tougher time selling it overseas .
So for a while , I was checking every day .
And nothing .
But yesterday , my Google News Alert feed showed the inevitable had come to pass : there was a DVD rip of The Nines online .
Given the subtitles attached ( Spanish and French ) , it was almost certainly the North American retail release , which I have n’t even held in my hands yet .
I have n’t downloaded or watched the rip , but I have gotten three emails in the last 24 hours which began , “ I recently saw The Nines … ”
So it ’s out there .
And that ’s okay .
Not “ okay ” in the sense of “ legal ” or “ right . ”
But okay in the sense of c’est la vie .
People are going to watch the pirated version , and there ’s nothing I can do about it .
Sony , Interpol and the MPAA will do their best , but as the guy who made the movie , I honestly want people to see the movie .
If the only way you ’re going to watch The Nines is illegally , so be it .
In fact , for a writer / director , there ’s not a meaningful financial difference between someone watching an illegal download and getting it from Netflix , which distributes a limited number of discs to a large audience .
Discuss .
But as the director , there are some good reasons to steer you towards the physical disc once it comes out on January 29th .
→ It has a ton of the usual special features : two audio commentaries , a making - of , gallery , deleted scenes ( with commentary ) , and a bunch of Easter eggs .
→ It has one thing I ’ve never seen before .
For the opening sequence , you can see the script scroll by in the upper half of the screen , matched up to the movie and the storyboards for each shot .
It ’s a lot to process at once — you ’ll probably need to watch it a few times — but it ’s very cool .
→ You can loan a DVD , without passing along that troubling knowledge that you ’ve done something illicit .
→ If you ’re seen buying ( or renting ) The Nines , you ’ll immediately identify yourself as someone drawn to challenging , divisive movies .
So make sure to put it at the top of the stack as you slide it across the counter .
→ Hidden in five DVD cases are magical golden tickets .
But if these reasons and / or your conscience does n’t persuade you , it ’s not hard to find The Nines online .
And I wo n’t think less of you .
Probably .
QR Code Link to This Post
Your voice was like the finest melody , and so I gave you my seat , gladly , and in that moment I gave you my heart .
I never thought a wife beater could look good on a pregnant woman , especially when underneath it you wore a black bra .
But baby , you made it work .
The emerald green thong strap hanging over the waist of your tight beige stretch pants completed the ensemble perfectly .
My metro angel .
You immediately pulled out your cell phone and started talking to someone , so I could n't introduce myself .
I do n't want you to think I have no manners , after all .
I did n't mean to eavesdrop , but you mentioned going to see " your baby daddy . "
I saw no wedding ring , so I am assuming the romance did n't work out .
Is that right ?
Because I want you - oh , how I burn for you , but I wo n't be a homewrecker .
You looked close to going into labor , and I think I heard you say " I do n't know when this little mother fucker is gonna drop out , but it better be soon . "
Perhaps once the blessed event has occurred , we could meet for a cup of chai tea ?
Let me know .
And if I never hear from you , I wish you well .
Please know that I will always carry the memory of you in my heart .
GCC 4.3 Release Series
Porting to the New Tools
The GCC 4.3 release series differs from previous GCC releases in more than the usual list of new features .
Some of these changes are a result of bug fixing , and some old behaviors have been intentionally changed in order to support new standards , or relaxed in standards - conforming ways to facilitate compilation or runtime performance .
Some of these changes are not visible to the naked eye , and will not cause problems when updating from older GCC versions .
However , some of these changes are visible , and can cause grief to users porting to GCC 4.3 .
This document is an effort to identify major issues and provide clear solutions in a quick and easily - searched manner .
Additions and suggestions for improvement are welcome .
C language issues
Semantic change of extern inline
When compiling with - std=c99 or - std=gnu99 , the extern inline keywords changes meaning .
GCC 4.3 conforms to the ISO C99 specification , where extern inline is very different thing than the GNU extern inline extension .
For the following code compiled with - std=c99 ,
extern inline int foo( ) { return 5 ; }
Will result in a function definition for foo being emitted in the subsequent object file , whereas previously there was none .
As a result , files that use this extension and compile in the C99 dialect will see many errors of the form :
multiple definition of `foo ' first defined here
When linking together multiple object files .
If the old GNU extern inline behavior is desired , one can use extern inline __attribute__ ( ( __gnu_inline__ ) ) .
The use of this attribute can be guarded by #ifdef __GNUC_STDC_INLINE__ which is a macro which is defined when inline has the ISO C99 behavior .
Alternatively the code can be compiled with the - fgnu89 - inline option .
The resulting , changed code looks like :
extern inline __attribute__(( __gnu_inline__ ) ) int foo ( ) { return 5 ; }
New warnings
Significant changes were made to - Wconversion .
In addition , improvements to the GCC infrastructure allow improvements in the ability of several existing warnings to spot problematic code .
As such , new warnings may exist for previously warning - free code that uses - Wuninitialized , - Wstrict - aliasing , - Wunused - function , - Wunused - variable .
Note that - Wall subsumes many of these warning flags .
Although these warnings will not result in compilation failure , often - Wall is used in conjunction with - Werror and as a result , new warnings are turned into new errors .
As a workaround , remove - Werror until the new warnings are fixed , or for conversion warnings add - Wno - conversion .
C++ language issues
Header dependency cleanup
As detailed here ( Header dependency streamlining ) , many of the standard C++ library include files have been edited to only include the smallest possible number of additional files .
As such , many C++ programs that used std:: memcpy without including < cstring > , or used std:: auto_ptr without including < memory > will no longer compile .
Usually , this error is of the form :
error : ' strcmp ' was not declared in this scope
The table below shows some of the missing items , and the header file that will have to be added as an #include for the compile to succeed .
If missing Then include this header find , for_each , sort < algorithm > ostream_iterator , istream_iterator < iterator > auto_ptr < memory > typeid < typeinfo > isalnum , toupper < cctype > INT_MIN , INT_MAX , RAND_MAX < climits > printf < cstdio > atoi , free , rand , exit < cstdlib > EXIT_FAILURE < cstdlib > strcmp , strdup , strcpy , memcpy < cstring >
Removal of Pre-ISO headers
Various backwards and deprecated headers have been removed .
If missing Then include this header < algobase.h > < algorithm > < algo.h > < algorithm > < alloc.h > < memory > < bvector.h > < vector > < complex.h > < complex > < defalloc.h > < memory > < deque.h > < deque > < fstream.h > < fstream > < function.h > < functional > < hash_map.h > < tr1/unordered_map > < hashtable.h> < tr1/unordered_map > or < tr1/unordered_set > < heap.h> < queue > < iomanip.h> < iomanip > < iostream.h> < iostream > < istream.h> < istream > < iterator.h > < iterator > < list.h> < list > < map.h > < map > < multimap.h> < map > < multiset.h > < set > < new.h > < new > < ostream.h> < ostream > < pair.h> < utility > < queue.h > < queue > < rope.h > < ext / rope > < set.h > < set > < slist.h> < ext / slist > < stack.h > < stack > < streambuf.h > < streambuf > < stream.h > < iostream > < tempbuf.h > < ext / memory > < tree.h > < ext/rb_tree > or < ext/pb_ds/assoc_container.hpp> < vector.h > < vector >
For future reference , available headers are listed in the libstdc ++ manual .
An example .
#include < iostream .h> int main ( ) { cout << " I 'm too old " << endl ; return 0 ; }
Compiling with previous compilers gives :
warning : # warning
This file includes at least one deprecated or antiquated header .
Please consider using one of the 32 headers found in section 17.4.1.2 of the C++ standard .
Examples include substituting the < X > header for the < X.h > header for C++ includes , or < iostream > instead of the deprecated header < iostream .h >.
To disable this warning use - Wno - deprecated .
But now says :
error : iostream.h : No such file or directory In function ' int main ( ) ' : 6 : error : ' cout ' was not declared in this scope 6 : error : ' endl ' was not declared in this scope
Fixing this is easy , as demonstrated below .
# include < iostream > using namespace std ; int main ( ) { cout << " I work again " << endl ; return 0 ; }
Note that explicitly qualifying cout as std:: cout and likewise for endl instead of globally injecting the std namespace ( ie , using namespace std ) will also work .
Name lookup changes
GCC by default no longer accepts code such as
template < class _ Tp > class auto_ptr {} ; template < class _ Tp > struct counted_ptr { auto_ptr < _Tp > auto_ptr ( ) ; } ;
but will issue the diagnostic
error : declaration of ' auto_ptr<_Tp > counted_ptr<_Tp>::auto_ptr ( ) ' error : changes meaning of ' auto_ptr ' from ' class auto_ptr < _Tp > '
The reference to struct auto_ptr needs to be qualified here , or the name of the member function changed to be unambiguous .
template < class _ Tp > class auto_ptr {} ; template < class _ Tp > struct counted_ptr { ::auto_ptr<_Tp> auto_ptr ( ) ; } ;
In addition , - fpermissive can be used as a temporary workaround to convert the error into a warning until the code is fixed .
Note that then in some case name lookup will not be standard conforming .
Duplicate function parameters
Duplicate function parameters are now treated uniformly as an error in C and C ++.
void foo( int w , int w ) ;
Now gives the following , re-worded error for both C and C ++:
error : multiple parameters named 'w '
To fix , rename one of the parameters something unique .
void foo( int w , int w2 ) ;
Stricter requirements for function main signature
The two - argument signature for main has int as the first argument .
GCC 4.3 rigorously enforces this .
int main ( unsigned int m , char ** c ) { return 0 ; }
Gives :
error : first argument of ' int main ( unsigned int , char * * ) ' should be ' int '
Fixing this is straightforward : change the first argument to be of type int , not unsigned int .
As transformed :
int main ( int m , char ** c ) { return 0 ; }
Explicit template specialization cannot have a storage class
Specializations of templates cannot explicitly specify a storage class , and have the same storage as the primary template .
This is a change from previous behavior , based on the feedback and commentary as part of the ISO C++ Core Defect Report 605 .
template < typename T> static void foo( ) ; template <> static void foo< void >( ) ;
Gives :
error : explicit template specialization cannot have a storage class
This also happens with the extern specifier .
Fixing this is easy : just remove any storage specifier on the specialization .
Like so :
template < typename T> static void foo( ) ; template <> void foo< void >( ) ;
Java issues
Java 1.2 and earlier requires upgraded ant
The use of the Eclipse Java compiler in GCC 4.3 enables the use of all 1.5 language features , but use with older versions of the ant build tool are problematic .
Typical errors of this sort look like :
[ javac ] source level should be comprised in between ' 1.3 ' and ' 1.6 ' ( or ' 5 ' , ' 5.0 ' , ... , ' 7 ' or ' 7.0 ' ) : 1.2
To successfuly use the earlier java dialects with GCC , please use this patch :
svn diff - r529854:529855 http://svn.apache.org/repos/asf/ant/core/trunk/src/main/org/apache/tools/ant/taskdefs/compilers/DefaultCompilerAdapter.java
Links
Jakub Jelinek , Mass rebuild status with gcc-4.3.0 - 0.4 of rawhide - 20071220
Simon Baldwin , [ PATCH ] [ RFC ]
C++ error for parameter redefinition in function prototypes
Simon Baldwin , [ REVISED PATCH ] [ RFC ]
Fix PR c++/31923 : Storage class with explicit template specialization
The FTC is suing MPI , a provider of credit card processing services to businesses , for engaging in deceptive sales and marketing practices .
In other words , they getting nailed for misrepresenting to business owners the true costs of using them for credit card processing .
FTC
Count One : Deception .
MPI misrepresented fees to merchants and overstatement of expected savings .
misrepresented fees to merchants and overstatement of expected savings .
Count Two : Deception .
MPI failed to disclose additional credit card fees such as surcharges for certain types of transactions .
failed to disclose additional credit card fees such as surcharges for certain types of transactions .
Count Three : Deception .
MPI misrepresented lease buy - outs .
Stated that they would pay off balances on merchant existing leases but did not do so .
misrepresented lease buy - outs .
Stated that they would pay off balances on merchant existing leases but did not do so .
Count Four : Unfairness .
MPI made unilateral modifications of contracts after merchants signed the agreements and without their knowledge requiring merchants to pay substantial fees and surcharges .
MPI
MPI
In the process however , MPI failed to disclose all of the other fees such as surcharges on certain types of credit cards .
With the additional fees included , merchants would usually end up paying more for credit card processing .
The practice by merchant service providers of offering an enticing low rate and not disclosing other fees is not unique to MPI .
They were just more egregious and aggressive with their practices and ended up on the FTC radar screen .
FTC
US and Iranian footage shows conflicting accounts of 6 January
US and Iran footage
The USS Whidbey Island and USS Carr had to issue warnings to Iranian vessels in December , said a Pentagon official , who spoke on condition of anonymity .
The allegations follow a third stand - off on 6 January , of which the US and Iran gave conflicting accounts .
Iran accused the US of faking footage of its vessels " harassing " US ships .
Iran , which described the encounter as routine and ordinary , aired its own video that it said showed the incident between Revolutionary Guards patrols and US warships .
There was no sign of threatening behaviour by the Iranian boats , as alleged by US officials who said their actions were dangerous and provocative .
Iran has so far not responded to the latest claims by the US .
' Radio threat '
A Pentagon official said the USS Whidbey Island , an amphibious warship , had been forced to fire warning shots after an Iranian boat approached it at high speed on 19 December .
In another incident on 22 December , the USS Carr , a guided missile frigate , encountered three small Iranian boats , the same official said .
HOW THE ROW UNFOLDED 6 Jan : Date of alleged incident in Strait of Hormuz 7 Jan : Washington makes public allegation against Iran 8 Jan : US releases video and audio to back its claim 9 Jan : Iran says US video was fabricated 10 Jan : Iran releases footage , contradicting US account Senior US Navy officials voice doubts over origin of threat 11 Jan : US airs what it says is unedited video of incident
The US vessel blew warning whistles , causing the boats to turn around , he said .
But US officials have said the confrontation on 6 January was the most serious to date .
The US alleges that five speedboats came within about 200 m ( 650 ft ) of two US vessels transiting through the Strait of Hormuz .
A day after making the claim , the US military released five minutes of video and audio , which appeared to back its account of the stand - off .
At one point during the audio recording a heavily - accented voice in English can be heard radioing : " I am coming to you .
You will explode after a few minutes . "
Iran said it was a fabrication .
Senior US
Navy sources later told the BBC that the alleged threat to blow up the warships " may not have come " from Iranian speedboats .
On Friday , the US defence department aired what it said was the unedited video .
The US said that in any case the Iranian speedboats had acted aggressively .
Iran 's version is that this was a routine check by its sailors .
Tensions between Iran and the US have diminished recently following the US National Intelligence Estimate that Iran is not building a nuclear weapon .
But BBC world affairs correspondent Paul Reynolds says there are still serious points of potential conflict between the two .
Iran is determined to exert its influence in what it calls the Persian Gulf and the US is intent on maintaining strong naval forces in international waters there and in the waters of its Gulf Arab allies , our correspondent notes .
we needed 20 equilateral triangles .
choosing an altitude of 12 inches let us easily lay out two strips of them on a 24x48 inch sheet of 24 gauge steel .
in order to get the dihedral angle at which the sides of the pans have to meet to form the whole icosahedron requires the sides to be sloped at darn near 120 degrees so if one just cuts out the diamond shaped tab in each corner , the results fit together quite nicely .
we decided to pick up a power - shear from harbor freight .
cuts the sheet like butter and leaves a cleaner edge than the hand sheers .
it would n't work for really detailed work but for reasonably smooth curves it 's definitely worth it 's weight and even for straight cuts it 's significantly more affordable than a floor shear .
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan , Nov. 5 — Angry protests by thousands of lawyers in Lahore and other cities on Monday demonstrated the first organized resistance to the emergency rule imposed by the Pakistani president , Gen. Pervez Musharraf .
But the abrupt arrests of many of them threatened to weaken their challenge .
The real test of whether the opposition to General Musharraf will prevail appears to be several days off :
The leader of the biggest opposition political party , Benazir Bhutto , has pledged to lead a major protest rally on Friday in Rawalpindi , the garrison city adjacent to Islamabad , the capital .
The Musharraf government ’s resolve to silence its fiercest opponents was evident in the strength of the crackdown by baton - wielding police officers who pummeled lawyers and then hauled them by the legs and arms into police wagons in Lahore .
At one point , lawyers and police officers clashed in a pitched battle , with lawyers standing on the roof of the High Court throwing stones at the police below , and the police hurling them back .
Some of the lawyers were bleeding from the head , and some passed out in clouds of tear gas .
Bean is a small , easy - to - use word processor that is designed to make writing convenient , efficient and comfortable .
Bean is lean , fast and uncluttered .
It starts up quickly , has a live word count , and is easy on the eyes .
Also , Bean is available free of charge .
MS Word , OpenOffice , etc. try to be all things to all people , but sometimes you just want the right tool for the job .
That is Bean 's niche .
Screenshots / Features / File Formats
Bean has some limitations : it does n't do footnotes or use stylesheets and is only partially compatible with Word 's file formats .
Also , it allows in - line graphics , but not floating graphics .
I wrote about how the EPA denied a waiver to the state of California so that they could enforce stricter emission controls , so the state sued .
Now Sen. Barbara
Boxer wants the EPA to explain why they 've denied the waiver for the first time in 32 years .
And just like every other department in the federal government , they 've effectively decided that the legislative branch has no right to oversight and claimed executive privilege in refusing to release the information to Boxer .
Invoking executive privilege , the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency refused to provide lawmakers Friday with a full explanation of why it rejected California 's greenhouse gas regulations .
The EPA informed Sen. Barbara Boxer , D - Calif. , that many of the documents she had requested contained internal deliberations or attorney - client communications that would not be shared with Congress .
" EPA is concerned about the chilling effect that would occur if agency employees believed their frank and honest opinions and analysis expressed as part of assessing California 's waiver request were to be disclosed in a broad setting , " EPA Associate Administrator Christopher Bliley wrote .
More than a week after a deadline set by Boxer , the agency gave the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee , which she chairs , a box of papers with large portions of the relevant documents deleted , Boxer said .
The documents omitted key details , including a presentation that , according to Senate aides , predicted EPA would lose a lawsuit if it was taken to court for denying California 's waiver .
The refusal to provide a full explanation is the latest twist in a congressional investigation into why the EPA denied California permission to impose what would have been the country 's toughest greenhouse gas standards on cars , trucks and sport utility vehicles .
Building the supergrid would require an investment of US $ 80 bn ( £ 40 bn ) , plus the cost of the wind turbines – a fraction of the € 1 trillion the EU expects to pay for a 20 per cent reduction of its carbon footprint by 2020 .
The average price of the electricity generated would be just 4.6 euro cents per kWh , competitive with today 's rates , which are likely to rise as fossil fuels run out .
. . .
The scheme would make the use of renewable energy , particularly wind power , so reliable and cheap that it would replace fossil fuels on an unprecedented scale , serving 1.1 billion people in 50 countries .
Europe 's 1.25 bn tons of annual CO2 output from electricity generation would be wiped out .
High - voltage direct current ( HVDC ) lines , up to 100 times as long as the alternating current ( AC ) cables carried by the National Grid 's pylons , would form the system 's main arteries .
HVDC lines are three times as efficient , making them cost effective over distances above 50 miles .
The Independent reports that a proposed supergrid could supply Europe with carbon free electricity primarily from wind power .
The 5,000 - mile electrical grid , stretching from Siberia to Morocco and Egypt to Iceland , would slash Europe 's CO2 emissions by a quarter , scientists say .
" We have the technical abilities to build such a supergrid within three to five years , " said Czisch , an energy systems expert at the University of Kassel in Germany .
" We just need to commit to this big long - term strategy . "
The supergrid would draw power from massed turbines in a band of countries to Europe 's south and east that have above average wind potential , feeding it to the industrialised centres of Europe .
The scale would overcome the biggest obstacle to wind power – its unreliability .
In smaller networks , such as Britain 's National Grid , calm weather could cut production to zero .
But the supergrid would cover a region so large that the wind would always be blowing somewhere .
A UPI article added :
Gregor Czisch ’s dissertation has rattled the energy world .
Its main claim : Given the political will , Europe could within a few years meet 100 percent of its electricity needs from renewable energy sources , at no cost difference to today ’s fossil fuel - based system .
. . .
It would rely on some 70 percent wind energy , backed up by storage hydropower and biomass .
" Some of the best wind capacities lie in deserted areas , such as in Siberia , Kazakhstan and the Sahara , " Czisch told UPI .
" And then you have the coastal region of Morocco , which has excellent wind capacities . "
Photovoltaics do n’t play a major role in Czisch ’s scenario because they are simply too expensive and because there are other , better sources available , including solar - thermal energy from southern Spain and the Sahara , for example .
Foreword thinking or an absurd suggestion ?
I do n't know that DC lines are three times as efficient as AC lines , but that is a small point .
Czisch did n't comment on superconducting transmission , previous post , for some of the main lines , which are higher efficiency and more importantly can conduct up to 10 times the amount of power of today ’s conventional copper cables of the same size .
The use of superconducting cable would slow down the project , as the production capacity is not available , but the three to five year construction time estimated for the project is much too optimistic , as no doubt is the US $ 80 bn price tag .
But despite all these negative comments , I think it would be a great project that could be built within 20 years .
Getting the political will is the main problem .
DUO クレンジングバームで、とっても手軽に、毛穴のない" 透明肌" を手に入れませんか？
比べてわかる実力の高さ！口コミランキング１位・数多くの賞を受賞！
DUO クレンジングバームは、 数々のランキングで１位・モンドセレクションで金賞受賞
など、多くの人から支持されている大人気商品です！
解説 解説 人気が高く 「 売り切れて買えなかった！ 」 という声があるほど、 高い支持 を得ています♪ ＞＞詳しくはこち ら
いつもの メイク落とし をDUO クレンジングバームに変えるだけ で、カンタンにメイクを落とせて、しかももっちり透明肌になっていくのを実感できますよ！ 解説
忙しい方や、メイクを落とすのがめんどうな方も、 カンタンで 嬉しい ですね ♪
購入するな ら ” 最安値 ” で！ 解説 【注意】 他のサイトでは 、DUO クレンジングバームを ３ ,600 円 という 定価そのままの金額 で売っていることが多いので注意してください！！！ DUO クレンジングバームを最安 値( 1,800 円 ) で購入する せっか くDUO クレンジングバームを購入するなら最安値で♪
使っている人からの口コミは？
解説 実際に使った人の リピート率 はなん と９０ ％以上です！ ＞＞詳しくはこち ら
DUO クレンジングバームのここがすごい！
DUO クレンジングバームは 汚れを完全に落とす だけでなく、 きちんと肌を潤す効果も非常に高い のが特徴です♪ 解説 ＞＞詳しくはこち ら
どこで買うのがお得なの？
Amazon Amazon 現在取り扱いなし 現在取り扱いなし 楽天市場 楽天市場 現在取り扱いなし 現在取り扱いなし 店舗 店舗 現在取り扱いなし 現在取り扱いなし 公式サイト 公式サイ ト
1,800 円・送料無料
［注意 ］Amazonや楽天では、まれにフリマなどからの出品もあるようです。しかし、出品者が不明であるため、賞味期限が切れていたり、やり取りや梱包などでトラブルが見られるので、正直おすすめできません！
DUO クレンジングバームで、とっても手軽に、毛穴のない" 透明肌" を手に入れませんか？♡
DUO クレンジングバームの公式サイトはこちら
→https://cp.duo.jp/
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームを使いはじめた理由・きっかけ
はじめに、私 がDUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームを使いはじめた理由やきっかけを自己紹介と合わせてご紹介します。
自己紹介
好きな人にスッピンを見せたとき、「想像と違う…」と言われたことがありますか？
私はあります 。
素肌がきれいではない自覚があったので、基本的にはいつもメイクをしていました。
しかし仲の良い友人グループで旅行にいった時、いい感じだと思っていた人にスッピンを見せる機会が…。
彼は、私のメイク姿をみて 「素顔もきれいなんだろう」と思っていたようで、私のあまりの肌の汚さに驚いたようでした。
まさかそんな反応をされると思っていなかった私は、その旅行から彼とは距離を取り、遊んだりすることも減っていきました。
その後、よくよく鏡を見てみると、確かに毛穴の汚れが目立ち透明感がない。
敏感肌のせいもあり、乾燥してツヤやハリがない肌。
自分の想像以上にトラブルを抱えた肌になっていたことに気づきました。
日頃のスキンケアが悪いのだと思い、化粧水や美容液などを変えてみましたが変化なし。
パックや食事の見直しもしてみましたが、特に改善は見られませんでした。
だんだん自信がなくなっていき、「きれいな肌も、好きな彼のことも諦めなくちゃ…」と考えていたら、なんだか悲しくなってきて涙が止まらなくなりました。
「 どうしてこんな想いをしなくちゃいけないんだろう」
「 生きていても楽しくない … 」
そんなことまで考えるようになってしまった私は、同時に「このままではいけない！」と思うようにもなったのです。
何とかして毛穴汚れや乾燥肌をきれいにし、好きな人にありのままの自分で向き合いたい！
そのために私にできることは何なのか、肌荒れの原因は何なのか？本気で探してみることにしたのです。
DUO (デュオ ) クレンジングバームとの出会い
スキンケアの方法や食事療法など、様々なことをしても効果はなし。
しかも厄介なことに敏感肌の私は、どんな化粧品でも使えるわけではありません。
そんな、私のような人が毛穴汚れをきれいにできる化粧品なんてないんじゃないか…と諦めかけていた時に出会ったのが「DUO(デュオ)クレンジングバーム」でした。
ネットで 「毛穴汚れ」を検索したらヒット、詳細を見てみたところ毛穴汚れは「クレンジング」に原因があることがわかり、試しに使ってみることにしたのです。
なぜDUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームを購入したの？
私が、DUO（デュオ）クレンジングバームを購入する決め手となったのは、以下の5つの理由からです。
定期コースなら初回半額というコスパのよさ
無添加で肌に優し い
使うだけで毛穴がきれいになる
潤い効果があり肌にハリツヤが出る
評判の良い口コミが多い
DUO クレンジングバームを最安値で購入する
もくじに戻る ▲
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームを実際に使ってみた体験談・レビュー
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームを実際に使ってみたので、体験談・レビューにまとめました。
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの体験談：翌日の変化
注文してすぐに届いたので、早速使ってみました！
クレンジングは、今まで「オイル 」 か「ミルク」のタイプしか使ったことがありません。
でもこ のDUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームは、「バーム状」という新感覚クレンジング。
これでどうやってメイクを落とすの？！と思ったら、手の上でなじませるとトロトロのテクスチャに変化するではありませんか！
「 なにこれ、すごい♪」と思わず一人で喋ってしまいました(笑)
実際、肌に乗せても肌なじみが良くてとても使いやすいです。
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの体験談：3日後の変化
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームを使い始めて3日が経ちました。
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームは、気になるニオイもなくストレスフリーで使えています♪
ストレスフリーといえば、全く確認せず購入してしまったんですが、DUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームはなんと「まつエクOK」なんです！
クレンジングって、結構まつエクNGのものが多いのでこれはかなり嬉しい…。
でも、まつエクOKだからって洗浄力が低いわけではなさそうで、がっつりメイクもきちんと落としてくれています！
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの体験談：1週間後の変化
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームを使い始めて1週間。
心配していた肌との相性ですが、全く問題ありません♪
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームは、身体や肌に近い成分と自然由来の成分で作られた無添加仕様。
そのため私みたいな敏感肌の人でも安心して使えます。
しか もDUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームは国内生産のため安全性が高く、だからこそ口コミで評判が良いんだなぁと感じました！
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの体験談：2週間後の変化
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームを使い始めて2週間経ちました。
心なしか、素肌の触り心地が、すべすべになってきたような気がします！
まだ毛穴汚れはそこまで変化があるようには見えませんが、肌表面に見えないベールがある感じ？(笑)
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームは、1つ5役のクレンジングなので「メイク落とし」以外にも「洗顔 」「 角質ケア 」 「 トリートメント 」 「マッサージ」の役割を持っています。
おかげで、クレンジング後のダブル洗顔がいらないので無駄に肌にダメージを与える必要がないんです。
スクラブ効果もあるし、肌に優しいDUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームの効果のおかげで肌が少しずつ良くなってきているのかな？
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの体験談：1ヶ月後の変化
あっという間 にDUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームを使って1か月が経ちました。
最近の私の肌の報告としては、DUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームを使う前の写真と比べて、肌の色がワントーン明るくなった気がします。
「 クレンジングでこんなにも肌質って変わるんだ…」と衝撃を受けています！
皆さんもまさかクレンジングがそんなに大切だと思わないですよね？(笑)
でも、今思うことは 「 クレンジング 」が一番大事。
洗顔よりもスキンケアよりも一番初めにやるのがクレンジングなので、ここでどれだけ汚れを落として保湿できるかで肌は大きく変わってくるんだと思います！
肌のトーンが明るくなったということは、黒ずんで肌を暗く見せていた毛穴もきれいになってきている証拠♪
今後がますます楽しみです。
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの体験談：3ヶ月後の変化
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームを使いはじめて3ヶ月が経ちました。
なんと私の乾燥肌が治りました！
正確に治ったかは、病院にいったわけではないのでわからないですが(笑)
でもそう思えるくらい、肌の潤いがUPしてハリツヤが出てきたんです！
友達にも 、 「 最近、肌の調子よくない？ 」 「なんか肌きれいになったよね」など褒めてもらえる機会がすごく増えました。
大人になると、肌を褒めてもらえることって劇的に減ってくるのに、DUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームを使い始めてからは嬉しい言葉をたくさんもらいます。
だからこそ自分にも最近は自信がついてきて、スッピンでも近所を出歩けるようになりました。
これは私にはかなりの進歩。
もうそろそろ、彼にもアプローチを始めようかな…なんて考えています♪
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの体験談：半年後の変化
とうと うDUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームを使い始めてから半年が経ちました。
正直、も うDUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームを使うことが当たり前になっていて、あっという間に時間が過ぎていった気がします(笑)
半年たって何が一番変わったかというと、 「 毛穴がきれいになった」これにつきます！
毛穴の汚れや黒ずみって一度できたら最後、二度ときれいになることはなさそう…って思いますよね？
私もそう思っていました。
でも、地道 にDUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームを使い続けた結果、全然毛穴が目立たなくなったんです♪
クレンジングを変えるだけでこんなにすごい効果が得られるなら、もっと早くやっておけばよかった…と心から後悔するほどです。
そんな中、気になる彼を久しぶりに遊びに誘ってみました！
久しぶりで緊張していたけれど、いつもよりナチュラルなメイクでいざ出陣。
すると開始早々に 「 あれ？なんか雰囲気が前と違う…きれいになったね！」と驚きの一言が…。
以前はあんなに私の肌の汚さに引いていた彼が、私をみてキレイと言ってくれたんです。
これだけで、半年ずっと頑張ってよかった…と思えたし、DUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームには感謝の気持ちしかありません！
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの体験談：まとめ
最後に 、DUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームの体験談をまとめてみました。
まず 、DUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームは、「毛穴汚れ」や「乾燥肌」などの肌トラブルに悩んでいる人にはとてもおすすめのクレンジングだということです。
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームは、なじみの良いテクスチャが気持ちよく肌に伸び、メイク汚れをすっきりきれいに落としてくれます。
さらに無添加仕様なので、敏感肌の私でも問題なく使うことができたのもよかったです！
肌のスキンケアに中で一番初めに行う「クレンジング」がどれだけ大切かを実感させられた半年間でした。
クレンジングで毛穴汚れや乾燥肌がきれいになるなんて嘘でしょ…と思っているそこのあなた！
騙されたとおもって、ぜひ一度使ってみてください。
驚きの体験を味わうことができますよ♪
DUO クレンジングバームを最安値で購入する
もくじに戻る ▲
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームを実際に使ってみた評価（５項目で徹底解析！）
ここでは 、DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの評価をまとめました。
実際に試した人の意見を参考に、DUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームの効果、価格、配合成分、味、安全性など、総合的に見て評価しています。
DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバームの評価：効果 ★★★★★★
何をしてもきれいにならない毛穴のブツブツは「クレンジング」が原因だと知っていますか？
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームは、ブツブツ毛穴がつるんとなめらかになる新感覚クレンジングなので簡単に毛穴の悩みを解決することができます！
ブツブツ毛穴はとても厄介で、洗浄力の高いクレンジングでは過剰な皮脂分泌が毛穴詰まりをおこしたり、肌に優しいクレンジングではメイク詰まりを起こしたり…一体なにが正しいの？！と思う方も多いのが現実です。
そんな時に高い効果を発揮するのが、DUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームなんです♪
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームは、固形バームタイプを採用。
こ れ1 つ で 「 クレンジング 」 「 洗顔 」 「 角質ケア 」 「 マッサージケア 」 「 トリートメント」と5役もこなすことから、メイク落としだけでなく潤いを与える美容成分も配合された、まさに新感覚クレンジングと呼ばれています。
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームは、毛穴汚れを落とした後の乾燥しがちな肌をしっかりケアしてくれます。
しかも、保湿までしてくれるため汚れが詰まりにくく、つるんとキレイな毛穴にする効果があるのです♪
他にもお肌のハリや潤いもUPさせてくれる効果もあるので、顔全体をきれいにすることができるすごいクレンジングです。
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの評価：コスパ（価格・値段）★★★★★★
いくらきれいな毛穴が手に入るとはいえ、コスパ（価格・値段）が悪くては試しにくいですよね？
しか しDUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームなら、初回価格1,800円という通常価格の半額の価格で購入することができます！
定期コースを申し込むだけで半分の価格で購入できるのは嬉しいですよね。
さら にDUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームは、解約に関する回数縛りもないため、「いつでも」商品を解約することができ、商品に自信があるからこその対応なのでとても信頼ができます。
そして2回目以降、継続したい方はずっと20％OFFの2,880円で購入し続けることができるので、非常にコスパの良いクレンジング商品だといえます。
もちろん、送料も無料なので安心してくださいね♪
DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバームの評価：配合成分 ★★★★★★
毛穴ケアに効果があ るDUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームには、どんな成分が含まれているのでしょうか？
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームは、自然由来の美容保湿成分が豊富なため、肌に優しいのが特徴です！
DUO (デュオ) クレンジングバームには、24種類の植物エキスとナノコラーゲン、ナノヒアルロン酸、ビタミンCなど31種類もの成分が含まれています。
クチナシエキスやさくらエキスなど、肌に優しい自然由来の成分が配合されているのは、すごく心強いですね♪
しかも、豊富な美容成分が入っているため、毛穴汚れ以外にも肌をきれいにする効果もあるので口コミ評価も高く人気の商品です。
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの評価：テクスチャ・塗り心地 ★★★★★★
頑固なメイクを落とすクレンジングは、テクスチャや塗り心地が悪いと気持ちが悪いですよね？
しか しDUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームなら、まるでフェイシャルエステを受けているかのような気持ち良さを体感することができます！
DUO (デュオ ) クレンジングバームは「固形バームタイプ」を採用、クレンジングオイルやクレンジングミルクとは全然違う新感覚のクレンジングです。
手で優しくなじませていくと、バーム状のクレンジングが「とろ～り」と溶けてクリーム状に変身。
古い角質や頑固なメイクで詰まった毛穴汚れを、しっかりとカバーしてクリアな透明肌へ導いてくれます。
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームは、塗り心地が「まるでフェイシャルエステ！」という口コミもあるほど、塗り心地が抜群のクレンジングです♪
DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバームの評価：ニオイ(匂い・臭い) ★★★★★ ☆
クレンジングは、直接お肌に触れるものなのでニオイ（匂い・臭い）は大切ですよね？
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームなら、ニオイを気にすることなく安心して使うことができます。
パッケージや蓋を開けた時からちょっと嫌な匂いがする商品も多いですが、DUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームは自然由来の成分の影響か、爽やかな香りがしてとても気持ち良く過ごすことができますよ。
DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバームの評価：安全性 ★★★★★★
毛穴や美肌に効果が高 いDUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームですが、安全性に関しても非常に信頼のできる優秀なクレンジングです！
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームは、国内生産にこだわってつくられており「7つのフリー」で肌をいたわってくれると口コミで評判です。
7つのフリーとは、 「 石油系界面活性剤 」 「 鉱物油 」 「 合成香料 」 「 合成着色料 」 「 旧表示指定成分 」 「 石油系油脂 」 「アルコール」が不使用であることを指しています。
身体や肌に近い成分や植物由来成分が配合されているので、肌トラブルを引き起こす心配がないのが嬉しいですね。
アレルギーテストもしているので、多くの方が安心して肌トラブルの解消に使うことができますよ。
DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバームの総合評価 ★★★★★★
DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバームは、「効果 」 「 コスパ 」 「 使い心地 」 「安全性」どれをとっても安心して使うことができるクレンジングだということがわかりました。
「 なかなか毛穴がきれいにならない…」
「 ケアしているのに肌が乾燥する…」
そんなよくある悩みの原因がまさか「クレンジング」だったなんて驚きですよね！
いつものクレンジングを、DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームに変えるだけで毛穴汚れがきれいになる効果の高さは口コミでも非常に評判です。
さらに無添加で安全性が高いDUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームは、肌の潤いもキープしてくれる作用があるので普段のケアが、より充実したものになりますよ。
気になる価格も、定期コースなら「初回半額 」
「2回目以降20%OFF」で購入することができるので「とりあえず一度使ってみたい…」と思っている人でも手を伸ばしやすくなっています！
効果や安全性の高さに加えて、コスパまで良いなんて本当に優秀なクレンジングですよね♪
ぜひあなたも一度 、DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームを使ってみてはいかがでしょうか？
DUO クレンジングバームを最安値で購入する
もくじに戻る ▲
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの口コミ・評判は？
ここでは 、DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの口コミや評判を紹介します！
良 い口コミだけではなく悪い口コミも紹介するので、メリット・デメリットを見分けてみましょう。
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの悪い口コミ・評判は？
まずは 、DUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームの悪い口コミや評判から紹介します。
口コミ(女性 ) ［ DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバーム 悪い口コミ］割引はないのでしょうか？（女性・50代）
デュオクレンジングバームをロフトで購入したところ、定価のままでした。
娘に聞くとインターネットで購入した方が安いと教えてくれたのですが、市販では割引はないのでしょうか？
知らなかったので、ちょっと損をした気分ですね。
口コミ(女性 ) ［ DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバーム 悪い口コミ］もうちょっと安いと使いやすいかも（女性・20代）
普段ガッツリメイクをするので落ちやすいクレンジングを探しているのですが、私にはデュオクレンジングバームはちょっとお高め。
もうちょっと安くなったりすると使いやすいんだけど…。
口コミ(女性 ) ［ DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバーム 悪い口コミ］薬局では売っていませんでした（女性・60代）
以前どこかのお店でデュオクレンジングバームを購入した覚えがあるのですが、薬局では売っていませんでした。
売っているお店と売っていないお店があるので、その辺は不便ですね。
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの良い口コミ・評判は？
次は 、DUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームの良い口コミや評判を紹介します。
口コミ(女性 ) ［ DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバーム 悪い口コミ］半額で買える！（女性・30代）
定期コースなら、デュオクレンジングバームは半額で買えるのでおすすめ！
めちゃくちゃ安くなりますよ～。 私も定期コースで買いました！ 大満足です！
口コミ(女性 ) ［ DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバーム 悪い口コミ］濃い目のメイクもしっかり落ちる！（女性・30代）
メイクが濃いので落とすのが大変なんですが、デュオクレンジングバームは濃い目のメイクもしっかり落としてくれます！
するする、力を入れなくてもごっそり。 ウォータープルーフのマスカラもがっつり落ちるんで、最近はこればかり使ってます。
口コミ(女性 ) ［ DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバーム 悪い口コミ］使ったあとも肌が乾燥しない！（女性・40代）
クレンジングって洗顔した後すごく乾燥するけど、デュオクレンジングバームは使っても肌が乾燥しなくてオススメ。
むしろしっとり肌にしてくれるので、かなりお気に入りになりました！
口コミ(女性 ) ［ DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバーム 悪い口コミ］これ1つで洗顔OK！（女性・20代）
デュオクレンジングバームはこれ1つで洗顔OKだから、W洗顔しなくて楽ちん便利。 仕事終わりのメイク落としって本当に面倒だから、私のためのようなクレンジングです。
肌ももちもちするし、最高！
口コミ(女性 ) ［ DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバーム 悪い口コミ］敏感肌の私でも使えます（女性・50代）
もともと敏感肌でコスメ系には気を使っているのですが、デュオクレンジングバームはそんな私でも問題なく使えます。
肌荒れしないですし、むしろお肌をしっかり保護してくれる感じ。
今後もお世話になるつもりです。
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの口コミ・評判まとめ
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの口コミや評判を紹介しましたが、絶賛する声が非常に多かったです！
濃いメイクであってもしっかり落としてくれるところが大人気な様子です。
しか もDUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームはこれひとつで、クレンジング、洗顔、角質ケア、マッサージケア、トリートメントの5つの役割がある優れもの！
W洗顔はもちろんしなくていいですし、お肌に凄くいいんです。
クレンジングすると乾燥してしまうといった方にもおすすめですよ！
ちなみ にDUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームは市販でも購入することはできますが、すべての店舗で取り扱いがあるというわけではありません。
割引もないので、購入するのであれば公式通販サイトの定期コースがいいですよ。
初回は半額になるので、リーズナブルな価格で購入することができるんです。
DUO クレンジングバームを最安値で購入する
もくじに戻る ▲
DUO (デュオ ) クレンジングバームはSNSで大人気！インスタグラム(instagram)・ツイッター( twitter)の声は？
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームはアットコスメ口コミランキング第1位を獲得するなど大人気ですが、その人気はSNSでも健在！
インスタグラム( instagram ) やツイッタ ー( twitter ) を覗いてみると、DUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームを愛用している方がすごく多いんです。
そこでここでは、インスタグラム( instagram ) やツイッタ ー( twitter ) に投稿された声を覗いてみましょう！
インスタグラム( instagram )
まずは、インスタに投稿されたDUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームへの声を見てみましょう。
お肌に優しいのにメイクをしっかり落としてくれるということで、愛用しているそうです。
毛穴汚れもスッキリさせてくれる、優秀なクレンジングバームですね。
パッケージもオシャレ感があり、好感が持てます。
まだ小さい子供さんがいるのでなかなか自分の時間を取れないそうですが、DUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームなら時短化できるのでおすすめ！
毛穴の角栓も除去してくれるとのことで、より美肌に近づきますね。
メイク落としだけではなく、フェイスケアとしても最高です！
プロのメイクさんも愛用しているのが、DUO(デュオ) クレンジングバーム。
なかなか落ちないメイクも溶けるようにするりと落としてくれます。
毛穴悩みがあるようですが、DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームが解決してくれますよ！
ツイッタ ー( twitter )
続いて、ツイッターに投稿されたDUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームへの声を見てみましょう。
バターのようなテクスチャーに驚きつつも、しっかりメイクを落としてくれます。
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームは力を入れなくても、マスカラなどのアイメイクも優しくオフ。
肌に負担がないので、毎日使っても安心なんです。
エステの毛穴ピーリングよりも、DUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームの方が効果絶大とのこと。
コスパや通う手間を考えても、DUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームの方が良いですね。
つかいきり ⑥
デュオクレンジングバーム( 毛穴汚れ特化タイプ )
実は数年前にも普通タイプを使ってたからリピ3回目くらい。オイル並みの落ちの良さと速さなのに肌はしっとりする。もうちょっと安ければな。今いろんなバーム試してるから比較していくゾ～！コスパは濃いメイクの日だけ使用で2ヶ月弱 pic.twitter.com/3JXcDSHsX2 — 入れ歯予備軍 ( @ocnocri ) 2018 年11月26 日
オイルのようにメイクはしっかり落ちるのに、しっとり肌になるのでお気に入りのメイククレンジングなのだそうです。
濃いメイクの時は、必ず大活躍！
リピート3回目と、ずっと愛用されているみたいです。
DUO クレンジングバームを最安値で購入する
もくじに戻る ▲
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの最安値は？楽天・アマゾン( Amazon)・公式サイトのどこが一番安い？
ここでは 、DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの最安値はどこなのか、徹底的に調べてみました！
楽天やアマゾ ン( Amazon ) 、公式サイトなど、数多くの通販サイトを対象に調べています。
楽天 3,888円（税込）＋送料無料 Amazon 3,888円（税込＋送料無料） Yahoo!ショッピング 取り扱いなし Wowma 取り扱いなし アットコスメ 取り扱いなし ポンパレモール 取り扱いなし 公式サイ ト 1,800 円（税別）＋送料無料
［ DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバーム 最安値］楽天市場での販売価格は？
まずは楽天市場で 、DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの販売価格を調べてみました。
すると楽天市場での最安値は、3,888円（税込）＋送料無料だということが分かりました。
［ DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバーム 最安値］アマゾ ン( Amazon ) での販売価格は ？
次はアマゾ ン( Amazon ) で、DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの販売価格を調べてみました。
するとアマゾ ン( Amazon ) での最安値も、3,888円（税込）＋送料無料だということが分かりました。
［ DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバーム 最安値 ］Yahoo!ショッピングでの販売価格は？
次はYahoo！ショッピングで 、DUO (デュオ )クレンジングバームの販売価格を調べてみました。
しかし残念ながら、Yahoo！ショッピングではDUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームの取り扱いはありませんでした。
［ DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバーム 最安値 ］Wowma( 旧DeNA ショッピング ) での販売価格は ？
次はWowma( 旧DeNAショッピング ) で、DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの販売価格を調べてみました。
しかし残念ながら 、Wowma( 旧DeNAショッピング ) でもDUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの取り扱いはありませんでした。
［ DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバーム 最安値］アットコスメでの販売価格は？
次はアットコスメで 、DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの販売価格を調べてみました。
しかし残念ながら、アットコスメでもDUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームの取り扱いはありませんでした。
［ DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバーム 最安値］ポンパレモールでの販売価格は？
次はボンパレモールで 、DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの販売価格を調べてみました。
しかし残念ながら、ボンパレモールでもDUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームの取り扱いはありませんでした。
［ DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバーム 最安値］公式通販サイトでの販売価格は？
最後に公式通販サイトで 、DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの販売価格を調べてみました。
する とDUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームは、1,800円（税別）＋送料無料で購入できることが判明！
普通に購入すると3,600円（税別）必要になりますが、定期コースを利用することで50％OFFになるんです。
ちなみに2回目以降はずっと、20％OFFで購入することができますよ。
ここまで割引があるのは、公式通販サイトの定期コースだけ！
つま りDUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームの最安値は、公式通販サイトの定期コースということになりますね。
DUO クレンジングバームを最安値で購入する
もくじに戻る ▲
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの基本情報・価格・特徴・有効成分
ここからは 、DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの基本情報として価格や特徴、有効成分など、詳しい情報を紹介します。
DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバームとは？
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームとは、クレンジング、洗顔、角質ケア、マッサージケア、トリートメントの5つの機能があるクレンジングバームです。
2018年10月時点で、累計販売数500万個突破！！
有名女性雑誌「美的」の2018年ベストコスメにランクインしたり、モンドセレクション金賞を7年連続受賞など、輝かしい功績が刻まれています。
アットコスメの口コミでも半年間不動の1位を獲得するなど、その人気は日々うなぎ上り！
SNS で もDUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームを愛用している方が続出するほど、いま大注目されているクレンジングバームなんです！
DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバーム の商品紹介（価格、成分、安全性）
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの価格や成分、安全性などを始め、詳しい情報を表にまとめてみました。
商品名 DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバーム お試し価格 1,800 円 （税別）＋送料無料 定期コース有無 あり 返金保証 なし 効果 クレンジング効果、洗顔効果、角質ケア効果、マッサージケア効果、トリートメント効果 配合成分 トコフェノール、カニナバラ果実油、アンマロク果実エキス 使いやすさ 非常に良い★★★★★ 信頼性 非常に良い★★★★★ 内容量 90g 用法・用量 顔や手が乾いた状態でクリームを手に取り、顔全体になじませましょう 総合評価 非常に良い★★★★ ★
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの会社・販売メーカー「プレミアアンチエイジング株式会社」とは？
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの販売メーカーである、「プレミアアンチエイジング株式会社」を紹介します。
会社名 プレミアアンチエイジング株式会社 所在地 東京都港区六本木6-15-1六本木ヒルズけやき坂テラス4階 HP https://www.duo.jp/abouts/corporate.html 会社概要 化粧品やアンチエイジング商品など、美容に関する商品を研究・開発しています
信用性 ★★★★ ★
プレミアアンチエイジング株式会社は、自然×科学という、肌の安全を追求したうえでのコスメ商品を多く開発しています。
肌を土台から立て直すためのハイブリッドコスメを産み出すという、新しい取り組みに着手しているのです。
こだわり抜いた原材料のみを使用しているため、肌に良い効果しかありません。
誠実かつ親身に寄り添うということをモットーに、プレミアアンチエイジング株式会社は日々動いています。
DUO クレンジングバームを最安値で購入する
もくじに戻る ▲
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの効果・効能は？
ここからは 、DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの効果や効能を詳しく解説し、紹介します！
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの効果：メイク落とし
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームには、濃いメイクでもしっかりと落とす効果があります。
バターのような不思議なテクスチャーが毛穴の奥までしっかり行き渡り、溶かすようにメイクを落とします。
力を入れなくてもするする落ちるので、摩擦で肌を傷つける心配もありません。
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの効果：毛穴の黒ずみを改善
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームには、毛穴の黒ずみを改善する効果があります。
毛穴の皮脂を溶かし、ソフトスクラブ効果があるので、しつこい角栓も除去してくれるんです。
また毛穴をキュッと引き締めてくれるので、毛穴が目立ちません。
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの効果：しっとり肌
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームには、しっとり肌になる効果があります。
保湿成分が多く配合されているので、肌に水分がじんわり行き渡るんです。
毛穴の奥までしっかり入り込み、肌をふっくら・すべすべにすることができるんです。
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの効果：肌のアンチエイジング
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームには、肌のアンチエイジング効果があります。
31種類のエイジングケア成分がバランスよく配合しているので、肌にハリ・ツヤを与え、くすみを改善することができます。
年齢肌に悩んでいる方にもおすすめですよ。
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの効果：肌荒れ改善
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームには、肌荒れを改善する効果があります。
配合成分に抗炎症作用、抗アトピー作用がありますので、赤みやポツポツ、ゴワゴワ感を解消してくれるんです。
そのため敏感肌の方でも安心して使用できますし、すごくおすすめなんです。
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの効果：まとめ
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームには、毛穴の黒ずみを改善してしっとり肌になるだけではなく、肌のアンチエイジング効果や肌荒れも改善してくれる効果があります。
メイクを落としながら肌本来の美しさを取り戻すように、肌に美容成分が積極的にアプローチしてくれるんです。
さすがクレンジング、洗顔、角質ケア、マッサージケア、トリートメントの5つの機能が備わっているだけありますね。
W洗顔をしなくてもこれひとつですべて完了するので、DUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームはすべての方におすすめなんです！
DUO クレンジングバームを最安値で購入する
もくじに戻る ▲
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの定期コースの解約・休止・停止方法は？
ここでは 、DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの定期コースの解約・休止・停止する方法を紹介します！
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの解約・休止・停止方法（マイページへのログインは必要なし）
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの定期コースを解約・休止・停止したい場合は、電話から解約することができます。
特に回数縛りはないので、いつでも好きなタイミングでOK！
ネットからも解約することはできますが、最終確認で結局電話が入るので、最初から電話で解約手続きをすませておくことをおすすめします。
お問い合わせ方法（連絡先：電話番号・メールアドレス）
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの定期コースを解約したい場合は、下記まで問い合わせましょう。
フリーダイヤ ル 0120-557-020
9時～21時までが受付時間となっていますので、注意しておきましょう。
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの解約方法まとめ
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの定期コースを解約したい場合は、電話がおすすめ！
ネットでも解約することはできますが、確認の電話がかかってくるので二度手間になってしまうからです。
解約手続きとはいえ、ほんの数分程度で終わるので安心して下さい。
オペレーターの方も優しいですし、無理な引き止めなドはないので大丈夫ですよ。
DUO クレンジングバームを最安値で購入する
もくじに戻る ▲
DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバームの成分
ここからは 、DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの成分を詳しく紹介・解説します！
DUO クレンジングバームを最安値で購入する
もくじに戻る ▲
［ DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバーム 成分］配合されている全成分・原材料
まずは 、DUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームに配合されている全成分・原材料を紹介します。
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームに配合されている全成分・原材料はこちら！
全成分 酸PEG-5グリセリル、トコフェロール・、カニナバラ果実油、アンマロク果実エキス、テトラヘキシルデカン酸アスコルビル、グルコシルセラミド、加水分解コラーゲン、加水分解ヒアルロン酸、α-グルカン、乳酸桿菌／セイヨウナシ果汁発酵液、乳酸桿菌／ブドウ果汁発酵液、ノイバラ果実エキス、プルーン分解物、クリサンテルムインジクムエキス、ソメイヨシノ葉エキス、トルメンチラ根エキス、豆乳発酵液、メマツヨイグサ種子エキス、ウンシュウミカン果皮エキス、タチジャコウソウ花／葉／茎エキス、オウゴン根エキス、キハダ樹皮エキス、ビルベリー葉エキス、オウレン根エキス、カミツレ花エキス、クチナシ果実エキス、パルミチン酸エチルヘキシル、トリ（カプリル酸／カプリン酸）グリセリル、炭酸ジカプリリル、トリイソステアリン酸PEG-20グリセリル、ポリエチレン、トリイソステアリンス、セイヨウオトギリソウ花／葉／茎エキス、トウキンセンカ花エキス、ハマメリス葉エキス、ヤグルマギク花エキス、ローマカミツレ花エキス、水、BG、PEG-7（カプリル／カプリン酸）グリセリズ、フェノキシエタノール
［ DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバーム 成分］有効成分ごとに詳しく解説！
引き続いて 、DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの有効成分を詳しく解説します！
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの成分：トコフェノール
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームには、トコフェノールが配合しています。
トコフェノールはビタミンEで、抗酸化作用や血流を良くする効果があります。
そのため、肌荒れが改善するんです。
肌の血行が良くなるので、くすみ肌も解消します。
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの成分：カニナバラ果実油
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームには、カニナバラ果実油が配合しています。
別名ローズヒップ油、ノバラ油ともよばれます。
色素沈着を防いで肌の水分を守り、肌の老化を防止してくれる効果があります。
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの成分：アンマロク果実エキス
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームには、アンマロク果実エキス果実エキスが配合しています。
ビタミ ンCやポリフェノールが豊富に含まれているので、アンチエイジング効果がありま
す。
肌にハリ・ツヤを与え、たるみを解消します。
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの成分：テトラヘキシルデカン酸アスコルビル
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームには、テトラヘキシルデカン酸アスコルビルが配合しています。
油溶性ビタミンC誘導体なので、通常のビタミンよりも吸収力に優れています。
シミを防いだり、色素沈着を予防したり、赤み肌を改善することができます。
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの成分：グルコシルセラミド
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームには、グルコシルセラミドが配合しています。
セラミドにぶどう糖が混ざったもので、高い保湿効果が認められています。
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの成分：加水分解コラーゲン
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームには、加水分解コラーゲンが配合しています。
動物由来のコラーゲンを加水分解したもので、より肌に吸収しやすい作用があります。
非常に高い保湿力があり、持続力も長くなります。
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの成分：加水分解ヒアルロン酸
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームには、加水分解ヒアルロン酸が配合しています。
高い保湿力があり、肌に浸透しやすい効果があります。
みずみずしい肌にして、透明感を与えてくれます。
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの成分：a－グルカン
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームには、a-グルカンが配合しています。
肌荒れを改善して乾燥知らずの肌にし、しっとり肌になることができます。
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームのまとめ（成分と効果）
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームは保湿力が非常に高く、肌荒れ改善や肌のアンチエイジング効果があります。
メイクを落とすだけではなく肌を美しくしてくれるので、クレンジング以外でも嬉しいメリットがありますね。
季節関係なく紫外線は出ているものなので、これひとつでシミ予防ができるのはすごく魅力的！
洗顔するだけで美肌になることができるので、ひとつは手にしたいクレンジングバームですね！
DUO クレンジングバームを最安値で購入する
もくじに戻る ▲
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの使用方法！効果的な使い方は？
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの基本的な使用方法や、効果的な使用方法を紹介します。
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームを使用する時は、手がや顔が乾いた状態が基本になります。
手のひら にDUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームを取り、顔に少しずつ馴染ませてください。
全体的にくるくると、力を入れずにメイクを落としましょう。
その際に、軽くフェイスマッサージを加えると更に効果的！
下から上へ引き上げるようにリフトアップしたり、リンパを首に流すのもおすすめです。
一通り終わったあとは、水かぬるま湯で洗い流しましょう。
ちなみ にDUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームは全身に使用できるので、カサカサしがちな手や首などに塗布してマッサージしてもOK！
マッサージバームとしても大活躍します！
DUO クレンジングバームを最安値で購入する
もくじに戻る ▲
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームに副作用はある？
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームには副作用はありません。
肌に安全な成分のみを使用しているので、敏感肌の方でも安心して使用することができるんです！
DUO クレンジングバームを最安値で購入する
もくじに戻る ▲
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームは芸能人・モデルも愛用！雑誌やメディアで人気
美的などの有名雑誌に取り上げられるほど、DUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームは現在大人気！
累 計500万個売り上げるなど、リピーターも続出中なんです。
そして芸能人やモデルも 、DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームを愛用している方は実は多いんですよ。
そこでここでは、実際 にDUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームを愛用している芸能人やモデルを少し紹介したいと思います！
［ DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバーム 芸能人］道端アンジェリカさん（モデル）
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームは、道端アンジェリカさんも愛用しています。
乾癬という持病があることを告発した道端さんなので、肌へは人一番気を使っているはずです。
そんな道端さんが選んだのが、DUO (デュオ ) クレンジングバーム。
それだけ肌に負担をかけることなく使えるということなのでしょう。
これなら肌荒れの心配もないですし、敏感肌の方も励みになりますね。
DUO クレンジングバームを最安値で購入する
もくじに戻る ▲
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの販売店は？薬局・ドラッグストア・コンビニの店舗で市販されてる？
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームは累計販売数500万個を突破している大人気商品ですが、市販ではどこで購入することができるのでしょうか。
そこでここでは 、DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームが購入できる店舗を探してみることにしました。
薬局やドラッグストア、コンビニなど、近くの店舗を対象に実際に行って探しています。
薬局 取り扱いなし ドラッグストア 取り扱いなし ドン・キホーテ 取り扱いなし ロフ ト( Loft ) 3,888 円（税込） セブンイレブン 取り扱いなし ローソン 取り扱いなし ファミリーマート 取り扱いなし 公式サイ ト
1,800 円（税別）＋送料無料
［ DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバーム 販売店］薬局・ドラッグストアで探してみました
それではまず初めに、薬局・ドラッグストアでDUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームは販売されているのかを実際に行って探してみました。
しかし残念ながら、薬局・ドラッグストアではDUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームは販売していませんでした。
［ DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバーム 販売店］ドンキ・ロフトで探してみました
次はドンキ・ロフトで 、DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームは販売されているのかを実際に行って探してみました。
するとドンキでは販売していませんでしたが、ロフトでは在庫発見！
ロフトでは 、DUO (デュオ ) クレンジングバーム1個3,888円（税込）で販売されていました。
［ DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバーム
販売店］コンビニ（セブンイレブン・LAWSON・FamilyMart）で探してみました
次はコンビニのセブンイレブン・LAWSON・FamilyMartで、DUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームは販売されているのかを実際に行って探してみました。
しかし残念ながら、コンビニのセブンイレブン・LAWSON・FamilyMartではDUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームは販売していませんでした。
［ DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバーム 販売店］通販がおすすめと判明！
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームは市販で販売されているのかを調べてみた結果、ロフトでは販売されているが確認できました！
1個3,888円（税込）となっています。
しかし割引などは一切ないので、あまりオトク感はありません。
いくら良い商品だとしても、消耗品なので少しでも安いと助かりますよね。
そこでオススメしたいのが、公式通販サイトの定期コースです。
公式通販サイトの定期コースなら、初回はなんと1,800円（税別）で購入することができるんです！
送料も無料ですし、2回目以降も20％OFFで購入することができます。
定期コース自体はいつでも解約することができるので、DUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームを購入する際は、公式通販サイトの定期コースにしましょう！
DUO クレンジングバームを最安値で購入する
もくじに戻る ▲
DUO (デュオ ) クレンジングバームのQ&A：よくある質問
ここでは 、DUO (デュオ )クレンジングバームのよくある質問Q&Aを紹介します！
DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバーム の Q&A：授乳中・妊娠中に使用しても大丈夫？
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームは、授乳中・妊娠中に使用しても大丈夫です。
肌に優しい成分ですし、なにより使用することで肌を保護してくれる効果があるのでおすすめです！
DUO (デュオ ) クレンジングバームのQ&A：持続時間は何時間？
DUO (デュオ) クレンジングバームは1度使用すると、1日中効果が持続します。
おすすめは、朝洗顔の時と夜洗顔の時に使用する方法です。
1日に2回しっかり使用することで、より肌がしっとり美肌になることができますよ。
DUO (デュオ ) クレンジングバームのQ&A：敏感肌でも使用できますか？
DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームは、敏感肌でも使用することができます。
抗アトピー作用や抗炎症作用もあるので、敏感肌やアトピー肌の方にもおすすめなんです。
DUO クレンジングバームを最安値で購入する
もくじに戻る ▲
（補足資料）厚生労働省 消費者庁 内閣府( 食品安全委員会 )
アドレス ：https://www.mhlw.go.jp/topics/bukyoku/iyaku/syoku-anzen/hokenkinou/tekiseturiyou.html
https://www.fsc.go.jp/
https://www.caa.go.jp/policies/policy/food_labeling/
口コミの6割は嘘？duoクレンジングバームにおいてみた！毛穴はなく至る？
口コミの6割はうそ？DUOクレンジングバームにおいてみて毛穴の効果を検証してみた！
おそらく毎日扱うクリーニング。オイルやジェル、席順のものやクリームなど種類多すぎ！ビオレとかファンケルとかラインナップも多いし、価格もピンキリなのでで片っ端から自分に合うのを探し当てるために手を出してる進度…。
で、買ったのが 「 duoデュオ ザ クレンジングバーム 」 ♪ 試してみた鍵はこういった紹介↓ 毛穴にduoクレンジングバームの効果すごいと紹介で見た えー本当に毛穴干上がるの？って。口コミなんてどっちみちうそでしょ？って思ってましたが… こういうduoクレンジングバームが凄いよかったんです！ 良すぎて、1回だけの腹づもりが定期購入してしまいました(笑 ) こういうduo ザ クレンジングバームをまさに試してみた私のガチ口コミレビューを書いてるのでとにかく参考にしてみてくださいね。 中身 duoデュオ は3 種類とある 私のガチ口コミ効果duoザ クレンジングバームをまさに使ってみた！ duoクレンジングバームは使い方も簡単♪ duo ザ クレンジングバームの使い方に時が！ では、デュオクレンジングバームでメイク落として赴きま～す！ duoクレンジングバームの毛穴への効果は？ duo ザ クレンジングバームにおいてみての総括 duoクレンジングバームの価格はどこが安い ？Amazon？楽天？公式？ 本当は悪評が多い ？DUO クレンジングバームの悪い口コミ 絶賛するほどの喜ばしい口コミが多い！ 特集 duoデュオ は3 種類とある DUO ザ クレンジングバー ム は3 種類とある ホワイト クリア duo ザ クレンジングバームに は3 種類があります。 インスタなどで最高人気 の 「 DUO ザ クレンジングバーム 」 (赤 ) 美容白に特化し た 「 DUO ザ クレンジングバームホワイト 」 (青 ) から毛穴に特化し た 「 DUO ザ クレンジングバームクリア 」 (黄 ) 自分が選んだのは 「 duo ザ クレンジングバーム 」 。 その理由はインスタで最高人気だったから♪ デュオクレンジングバームをインスタで調査 につき、デュオクレンジングバームにおいてみた私のガチ口コミレビューを紹介していきます♪
3種類の違いとか引っかかるパーソンは 「 デュオ は3 種類とある 「 DUO ザ クレンジングバーム 」 「 ホワイト 」 「クリア」の違いは何？」を読んでみてくださいね。
私のガチ口コミ効果 duoザクレンジングバームをまさに使ってみた！ duo ザクレンジングバームが届きました～！ デュオクレンジングバーム ドゥオクレンジングバー ム 1つで5 役
W洗顔無益 duoザクレンジングバーム は 1つ で5 役 ！ クリーニング 洗顔 角質手伝い マッサージ手伝い トリートメン ト
W洗顔しなくていいから、お肌を擦る度数が少なくなってお肌にも優しみたい♪ duoクレンジングバームは使い方も簡単♪ づおクレンジングバーム 使い方 実践上の関心 使い方 乾いたときの方法にスプーン山積み山積みを売る 表情総てに広める ぬるま湯で濯ぐ ↑はクリーニングとしての使い方で更に他のクリーニングと一緒ですね。 マテリアルもずらーっと腹一杯書いてあります。 デュオクレンジングバームのマテリアルカタログ duo ザ クレンジングバームの使い方に時が！ デュオクレンジングバーム では、まさに使っていこうと思います。喜び～♪ マンション蓋にまで絵入りで使い方のレクチャーが。 DUO ク レンジングバームの使い方 絵画で疑問 表情や方法が乾いた状態で！ デュオの場合、塗れた手では言語道断。 円を描くようにくるくる広める！ 柄から下部へ、内から外へが根本。 ぬるま湯 で20～30 回ほど洗い流す ！ 「 洗った後にぬるぬるする」という口コミがありましたが洗い残しが原因で、それによってスキンが荒れこともあるのでDUOを使う時はすすぎは大切！
さ！本体を取りだすという… ものすごくシンプルな入れ物が甘い 凄いシンプルな入れ物ですが、なぞいい感じ♪
見物とかにも持っていただける容積ですね。 ドゥオクレンジングバームの入れ物 裏にはお問い合わせナンバーとかも書いてあって、いざという時にも楽♪フリーダイヤルというのがありがたい。
専用のスプーン付き。 DUOクレンジングバームの専用のスプーン デュオは固形なのでスプーンを使わないって取れない系。
デュオクレンジングバームはローズのいいアロマ duoクレンジングバームは、ほのかなローズのアロマで、好きなアロマでした！
DUOクレンジングバーム テクスチャはろうそくのようで堅みたい テクスチャはかなり堅そうな感じに見える。ろうそくものの知覚…いいえ、断じてろうそく(笑)
では、デュオクレンジングバームでメイク落として赴きま～す！
につき、私のラフファッション並べるコスメティックスたちで、実際のクリーニング効果を検証したいと思います。
デュオで化粧をおとします。 おそらく韓国コスメだ(笑)
DUO クレンジングバームで洗い流すためのお化粧 常に使ってる基盤から塗って～ 私の普段のメイクこうなりました デュオクレンジングバームで化粧は断然取り去れるの？ まったく深いだですね(笑 ) 因みにアイライナーというマスカラはウォータープルーフ！
しょっちゅう使ってるクレンジングオイルだと目のあたりは2回クリーニングしないといけないので、これがduoクレンジングバームだと1回で降りしきるのか？が大事なポイントです！ スプーンでDUOクレンジングバームを採り入れる瑞々しいテクスチャ duoザクレンジングバームは固形だけど、思ったより硬くない。
今までがクリック種別のクレンジングオイルだったので、こういうスプーンで売る仕事がちょっと面倒くさい。。。 では、DUOクレンジングバームでクリーニング実例 山積み1杯分け前くらいのduo ザクレンジングバームをのせていきます♪
DUO クレンジングバーム 使い感覚 最初のテクスチャの状態はこんな感じで、依然として固形ですね。 デュオクレンジングバームまさに使ってみた DUO は体温で蕩けるので、ほんのり引き伸ばすだけで溶けてく！この段階でもはや口紅は浮いてきてます。
DUO クレンジングバームはウォータープルーフを落とせるのか？ ちょこっと擦ってみました。( 擦ったって言っても、全く弱い力で )
すると残っていた固形の部分も溶けだして、アイライナーやマスカラも難なく落ちていきます。
気持ち持ち相応しいぐらい落ちますね～。 ドゥオクレンジングバーム触感が良い そうしてしだいにあったかく感じる…なんで？気持ちよく擦ってるからかな？
DUOクレンジングバームの洗浄力 こんな感じにキレイに落ちました！ 「 duoで落ちないものは薄い」という言葉を見つけたんですが、確かにビックリかも(笑)
使い感覚がものすごくすばらしい♪ デュオ自体が何ともなめらかなテクスチャなので気持ちよく擦るだけでキレイに落ちてくれました。
DUO クレンジングバーム 洗顔立ち 洗い流す前 にDUO を拭き取るだけでもこれ程キレイに落ちてます！ 乾燥は気にならないし、洗浄力も大きい DUO ザ クレンジングバーム 乾燥 保湿 洗顔立ちの乾燥が気になるってこともありません！ぬるま湯で流してみると、ぬるぬるやる知覚もなくきれいに落ちました。 w洗顔不要なのもビックリのスッパリイメージ＋しっとり感があります。 今までのクリーニングと違うのは、固形のデュオが溶けだして化粧を包み込んで浮かせてる感じがするところですね。 洗浄力も大きいと思います！ DUO ク レンジングバーム 半額で心がける！ duoクレンジングバームの毛穴への効果は？ 自分は俗にいうイチゴ鼻で、お肌の具合が悪いと毛穴が際立ち黒ずみが激しい際立つ！ その状態 でDUO を活かし始めたのですが…毛穴にも効果ありました！ duoクレンジングバームの毛穴への効果は？ 個人的な感想ですが、週間くらいで毛穴も目立たなくなりました。 こういう値段の値はあると思います。 また 、YouTubeも 「 いちご鼻を絶やす施術 」として紹介されてました！ ぬるぬるイメージは止まる？ 口コミで 「 ぬるぬるイメージが余る」ってありましたが、私も感じました。ただ、ぬるま湯で20～30回洗い流すって「
W洗顔望む」とか想うことはなかったですね。
白っぽく乳化させてからぬるま湯で20～30回流すって、ぬるぬるイメージが留まることもないですよ。
化粧水、乳液は使った方がいい 「 乾燥する」という口コミでありましたが、私の場合は乾燥を感じることもありませんでした。
化粧水や保湿クリームは普段のものを取り扱うのでやっぱり今までよりしっとりしてる。
w洗顔不要で何だか化粧水も取り除けるといったインスピレーション違いやる人も多いみたいですけど、化粧水や乳液は自然体使った方がいいと思います。 duo ザ クレンジングバームにおいてみての総括 最後に、duoデ ュオクレンジングバームをまさに使ってみた私の評価は・・・ ① 使い感覚 ★★★★★ 使い感覚は最高です。 洗浄力も高 く
て1回でキレイに落ちますし、キレイに流せばすっきり＆しっとりで洗顔の手間も無し。アロマもローズでいいし、大当たり！
② 毛穴への効果 ★★★★★ 思った以上に毛穴への効果もおっきい！長く使うことによって二度と良くなると思うし、お肌の具合も高まる！ ③ 値段 ★★★★ 使い感覚も済むし毛穴への効果もあるけど、むしろ値段(ひとつ3,600円 ) は厳しい。 も定期向きなら初回半額だし、まったく安くなるので定期向きなら★5かもしれません！ duoクレンジングバームの価格はどこが安い ？Amazon？楽天？公式？ 「 デュオは値段が良い」といった口コミも結構あったので、価格を調べてみたところ元値は3,600円( TAX抜 ) 。
Amazonという楽天それでも支払えるんですが…公式インターネットが一番安くて半額でした！。 amazon⇒3,600 円( TAX抜 ) 楽天 ⇒3,600 円( TAX抜 ) 公式インターネット⇒初回半額1,800 円( TAX抜 )
定期購入ですけど、2回目線からあっという間に解約もできるので安心ですよ。
DUO ザ クレンジングバーム DUO ザ クレンジングバーム 価格 3,600 円⇒初回半額 1,800 円 ( 税別 / 送料無料 ) 一種サイズって開 設 90g / 約 1 ヵ月分け前 DUO クレンジングバーム 半額で心がける！ くすみ・日焼けしたスキンに◎ 「 ホワイト 」 はこちら ！ 毛穴の危険に ◎ 「 クリア」はこちら ！ 3種類のデュオの違いはこちら DUOクレンジングバームホワイト の細かい口コミはコチラ↓↓↓ 【白く陥る！？】DUOクレンジングバーム ホワイトを試してみた私の口コミ 【白く繋がる！？】DUOクレンジングバーム
ホワイトを試してみた私の口コミ DUOクレンジングバームの根本の毛穴手伝いはもちろん、くすみやスキンムラ手伝いに特化した青のDUOクレンジングバーム
ホワイトについての効果や使い感覚などまさに使ってみて紹介したいと思いま
DUO クレンジングバーム クリアを細かく引っかかる人はコチラ↓ 【毛穴丸ごと 】DUO クレンジングバーム クリアを試してみた私の口コミ 【毛穴ごっそり 】DUO クレンジングバーム クリアを試してみた私の口コミ そもそ もDUO クレンジングバームは毛穴に効くとして人気ところが、その中でもそれほど毛穴手伝いに特化しているのがイエローのパッケージのDUOクレンジングバーム クリアだ！ 今回は 、DUO 本当は悪評が多い ？DUO クレンジングバームの悪い口コミ アットコスメの口コミとかをよく見るんですが、アットコスメでのDUOクレンジングバームの評価は★5.3/7って本当に高め！
評価が良いからこそ、星の総締めの少ない口コミ(悪評)を探して見てしまうのは私の低い病みつきだ(笑) 安い悪い口コミがこんな感じ。 ここぴ☆彡様/ 21年/ 内包スキン/ ★ 2 使ってひと月限り経ちました。 毛穴の変化はとにかく感じられません(>_<)
DUO ザクレンジングバーム 毛穴の変化は更に感じられません 洗浄力が硬いのか弱いのかアイメイクは充分取れないのに、お肌は甚だしく乾燥行なう(>_<)
のち乏しいニキビがブツブツできるようになりました。
リピは既にないかな… 出典：cosme.net 流した後にスキンがひきつる、毛穴の変化はないという口コミですね。 えー 「しっとり行なう」って口コミにあったのに～(笑)
やはり使い勝手って十人十色なんですよね。
BleakHouse様 / 30 年/ 乾燥肌/ ★1 額にちっちゃなニキビが、顎に大きな発疹がたくさんできました。
使った場合ベタ付きを感じたのですが、保湿マテリアルが皮脂停滞の原因になってしまったのかもしれません。センシチブを超えて我儘なスキンで困ってある。
幸運払い戻し証拠があったので、返品しました。手続きは簡単で、呼び出し中枢の便宜も丁寧でした。 出典：cosme.net 取り扱う場合ベタ付きを感じて、ニキビができたという人いましたが、明るいニキビへの効果などはコチラを監視↓
DUOクレンジングバームってニキビに効果居残るの？悪化断ち切るの？
DUOクレンジングバームってニキビに効果いらっしゃるの？悪化断ち切るの？
毛穴手伝いに効果類だと話題 のDUO クレンジングバームですが ...
「毛穴も気になるけど、ニキビの方が気になる！」なんていう人も多いようです。では、実際DUOクレンジングバームは
絶賛するほどの素晴らしい口コミが多い！ 悪い口コミとは逆に、毛穴がなくなったなどの歓声がめっぽう多いんです！
エクスノポロピン様/ 30年/ 乾燥肌/ ★6 夜のメイクディスカウントの実践はもちろんですが、
自分は毛穴汚れ、ザラ付きが果てしなく気になるので、朝のメイク前に毛穴手伝いってマッサージを兼ねても使用しています。
後半スキンはしっとりしていてつっぱりイメージもないのですが
ただ、バーム独特の風情が幾らかスキンにおけるような気がします。
( 個人差があり、私だけかもしれませんが.. )
DUO ザクレンジングバーム 愛用 お気に入りのクリーニングに出会えて良かったです！ 出典：cosme.net デュオクレンジングバームは毛穴やくすみへの効果を感じているという口コミも多くて、これは試して見極める値は結構あると思いました！
他にもアトピーの人が「duoクレンジングバームでないと言語道断」というほど絶賛してるのも、本当に凄いいい一品って確信です。詳しくは「DUOクレンジングバームはアトピーの人も使える？アトピー慣習のパーソンのメッセージは…」を読んでみてくださいね。
【違いは何？】DUOクレンジングバーム・クリア・ホワイト3種類を比べて違いや属性をまとめてみた！
2019/03/21 duo 【どれを買えばいいの？】DUOクレンジングバーム・クリア・ホワイト3種類を比べて違いや属性をまとめてみた！
真新しいクリーニングっていて注目され今では多くの人が並べるのがクレンジングバームだ。その中でも「DUOクレンジングバーム」は決定的人気なんですよね。 本当はDUOクレンジングバームは3種類いるって知ってましたか？
DUO ザクレンジングバーム(赤) DUO ザクレンジングバーム クリア(黄) DUO ザクレンジングバーム ホワイト(青)
3種類もあるって自分に当てはまるクレンジングバームを使いたいけど、どの種類を選ぶのが一番いいのか思い付か。。。
そこで今回はこういう3つのDUOクレンジングバームの違いや属性などを比較してみました！どんな人にどれがおすすめなのかをわかりやすく紹介していきたいと思います。
中身 DUO クレンジングバームシリー ズ3 種類の属性 種類 ①DUOザクレンジングバーム 種類 ②DUOザクレンジングバーム クリア 種類 ③DUO ザクレンジングバーム ホワイト DUO ク レンジングバームシリーズの違い総括 終わりに DUO ク レンジングバームシリー ズ3 種類の属性 種類① DUO ザクレンジングバーム DUO ザクレンジングバーム 一番通常で人気最高なの が 「 DUO ザ クレンジングバーム 」 。DUOクレンジングバームと言ったらこういう赤のイメージがあると思います。
アロマはローズの優しいアロマのDUOクレンジングバームの大きな属性としては1つで5役の効果がある企業。これ一つでクレンジング・洗顔・角質手伝い・マッサージケア・トリートメントが適うのでスキンケアに期間をかけたくない人にもおすすめ！
スクラブ剤・ピーリングマテリアルはオール入っていおらずお肌を傷めることもありません。それでも、断然毛穴のシミはバッチリ落としたいですよね？そこに毛穴クリアカプセルという毛穴どんどん狭いカプセルによりシミをからめ取る事ができるので毛穴スッキリ適うんです。
パラベン、鉱物油、石油脈絡油脂、石油脈絡界面活性剤、組み合わせ香り、組み合わせ色付けチャージ、アルコールなどもオール入っていないのも楽時♪ まさにDUOクレンジングバームにおいてみた口コミはこちらからとにかく↓
【ガチ顔出し口コミ】DUOクレンジングバームを30年の私の毛穴でまさに試したパフォーマンス…
【ガチ顔出し口コミ】DUOクレンジングバームを30年の私の毛穴でまさに試したパフォーマンス…
毛穴って気になりますよね！毛穴の黒ずみとかってひどくなると、鼻がイチゴの黒いぶつぶつの進度と似てるからイチゴ鼻ですなんて言われたり…イチゴ鼻ってどうも聞こえはいいですが、その状
種類② DUO ザクレンジングバーム クリア DUO ザクレンジングバームクリア こういうイエローの箱が目標 の 「 DUO クレンジングバーム クリア 」 。 クリアは、より毛穴危険に特化してるのが属性で、1つで5役の活動はそのままに毛穴の黒ずみをゴッソリいっていただける。アロマはグレープフルーツのアロマで爽やかにフレッシュ印象ですね。
赤のDUOクレンジングバームとの大きな違いは、アーチチョーク葉エッセンスってハマメリスエキスを包含してる企業。DUOクレンジングバームが持つ毛穴をほぐし、排泄し整えた後に、こういうマテリアルは毛穴を引き締めるという効果があるので毛穴を目立たせないようにできます。
DUO ザクレンジングバーム クリア 洗顔立ちも赤のデュオに関してサッパリ・スッキリイメージが凄いだ。すすぎの度数も赤のDUOに関して少なくて済みますね。 こちらもパラベン、鉱物油、石油脈絡油脂、石油脈絡界面活性剤、組み合わせ香り、組み合わせ色付けチャージ、アルコールなどオールフリーで楽♪ まさ に
「クリア」においてみた口コミはこちらから監視↓
【顔出しフォト付属】DUOクレンジングバーム クリアをまさに試してみた口コミ 【顔出しフォト付属】DUOクレンジングバーム
クリアをまさに試してみた口コミ 3種類のクレンジングバームがあるDUOですが、3種類もあるといったどれを扱うのがいいのか悩みますよね。
ここでは、「 DUO クレンジングバーム クリア」の使い感覚や効果などまさに自分が
種類③ DUO ザクレンジングバーム ホワイト DUO ザクレンジングバームホワイト そうしてこういう青の箱が目標なの が 「 DUO クレンジングバー ム ホワイト」。ホワイトはお肌のくすみを取り去り、ムラのないワンステップ嬉しい声色お肌へって導いてもらえる美容白専用のクレンジングバームだ。アロマはカミツレ花精油で落ちつくアロマですよ♪
こういう青のホワイトの大きな属性は、自然溶岩クレイが包含してあること！クレイはモロッコのアトラス山脈のふもとで採取わたる良質な自然泥で、昔からこういう泥がビューティーに良いと泥メニューなどで愛用されていたそうです。こういうクレイがメイクを無くしながらくすみの原因である古い角質や酸化皮脂まで奪い取りののぞき、入れ替わりを促す結果お肌のくすみをなくしていただけるよ。 自然溶岩クレイ またスキンを10歳返すというアクティボイル
一という鍵ローズオイルを含有させたホワイトセラムオイルでスキンのムラをなくしスキンの声色を均一に！スキンの声色のちがいで芽生える老けイメージもなくすことができます！洗顔立ちはDUOクレンジングバームによってスッパリクリアからしっとりといった感じです。
これも当然パラベン、鉱物油、石油脈絡油脂、石油脈絡界面活性剤、組み合わせ香り、組み合わせ色付けチャージ、アルコールなどオール無料。 まさに使ってみた口コミはこちらから監視↓ 【顔出しフォト付属 】DUO クレンジングバーム ホワイトをまさに試してみた口コミ 【顔出しフォト付属 】DUO クレンジングバーム ホワイトをまさに試してみた口コ ミ 3種類のクレンジングバームがあ るDUOですが、3種類もあるとどれを取り扱うのがいいのか悩みますよね。 ここでは、「 DUO クレンジングバーム ホワイト」の使い感覚や効果などまさに自分
DUOクレンジングバームシリーズの違い総括
DUOクレンジングバームシリーズの違い総括 今だけ半額で行えるよー！ DUO クレンジングバーム 毛穴が気になる人は 「 クリア 」がおすすめ 透明感なおスキンには 「 ホワイト 」 がおすす め 終わり に DUOクレンジングバームにも3種類あるので、どれを使うか悩んでいた人の参考になればうれしいです。自分がまさに3つとも使ってみましたが、どれも別個良かったです。
もしどれがいいのか悩んだら、とにかく赤のDUOクレンジングバームをおすすめ行なう。何かに特化してはいませんが全てにおいて万能で使い感覚も何とか最高です！ 特集 DUOクレンジングバームを半額で買える公式インターネット
DUO ザ クレンジングバーム 価格 既 存3,600円⇒初 回 1,800 円 ( 税別 ) 2回目線以降も20 % 引き♪ いつでも解約OKなのも素晴らしい♪ 一種サイズって開設 90g / 約 1 ヵ月分け前 今だけ半額で行えるよー！ DUO クレンジングバーム 毛穴が気になる人は 「 クリア 」がおすす め 透明感なおスキンに は 「 ホワイト」がおすす め デュオ3種類の違い・属性はこちら
つながりキャッチフレーズ #DUOクレンジングバーム#DUOクレンジングバームクリア#DUOクレンジングバームホワイト#ホワイト#属性#違い
こちらの記事も よく読まれてます 【決定版 】DUOクレンジングバームも効果的な使い方3つの時 【決定版】DUOクレンジングバームも効果的な使い方3つの時
【顔出しフォト付属】DUOクレンジングバーム クリアをまさに試してみた口コミ 【顔出しフォト付属】DUOクレンジングバーム
ホワイトをまさに試してみた口コ ミ 【 20代女性の口コミ】DUOクレンジングバームによる女性たちのリアルな動画
【20代女性の口コミ】DUOクレンジングバームによる女性たちのリアルな動画
DUOクレンジングバームってW洗顔は必要なの？した方がいいの？
デュオクレンジングバームってW洗顔は必要なの？した方がいいの？
DUOクレンジングバームって本当に毛穴の黒ずみに効果いるの？
DUOクレンジングバームって本当に毛穴の黒ずみに効果起こるの？
DUO クレンジングバーム は朝扱うの？クリーニングを洗顔代わりに使っていいの？
duoクレンジングバームは朝、洗顔で使ってる人が多い仕打ち知ってた？ イチゴ鼻にDUOクレンジングバームが効く6の要因といった、リアルな口コミを疑問♪ イチゴ鼻にDUOクレンジングバームが効く6の要因といった、イチゴ鼻に対する口コミを…
DUOクレンジングバームってお風呂も使える？使ってOKなのか調べてみました…
【リアルな口コミ】インスタやソーシャルネットワーキングサービスでのDUOクレンジングバームの支持っていかなるもん？
【リアルな口コミ】インスタやソーシャルネットワーキングサービスでのDUOクレンジングバームの応援…
【関心】マツエクにDUOクレンジングバームでクリーニングはOKなのか？使える...？
【関心】マツエクにDUOクレンジングバームでクリーニングはOKなのか？払える…
【ガチ顔出し口コミ】DUOクレンジングバームを30年の私の毛穴でまさに試したパフォーマンス... rss Copyright ＠ 【ガチ顔出し口コ ミ 】DUO クレンジングバームを30年の私の毛穴でまさに試したパフォーマンス…
All rights reserved .
duoのクレンジングバームの口コミって本当？毛穴の効果を3か月レビュー duoクレンジングバームの口コミ クレンジングバーム ネットでしか買えないとしてある。因みにDUOクレンジングバームクリアに対する否定的な記事を見つけましたが、この前ロフトで見ました。
まさに並べるマナラホットクレンジングゲルや肌ナチュールリッチモイストクレンジングにも口コミの評判が良いから１ごと並べるという人もいて「問題なく使えるよ」と言ってましたが、やりすぎはスキンが乾燥しやすくなるから注意した外部箱でした。
純白の現状にはわかりやすい。我ながら、目茶苦茶詳しすぎるレビューですね。 マンション蓋はここまでちゃんと書かれているグレープフルーツ果皮油は毒性があるから低いというのは、マッサージ手伝いみたいでですね。 今まで自分が使っていてメイク落ちがかわいく乾燥やり方にはお問い合わせナンバーとかも書いてあって、いざという時には使用方法が書かれていました。 柑橘類の清涼さに甘味の味わいが息抜き、リラクゼーション効果を検証したいと思います。 逆に多すぎるといった必要なくらいなので甘く擦るだけでなく、きれいに落ちていただける。
DUO クレンジングバームはこんな感じで、これ一つで5つの無添加を誇っているクレンジングオイルもオーケーなクリーニングだったのでそこは関心だ。 良い口コミ ネットでしか買えないという効果はわかんないですね。夜間お風呂前にDUOを愛用しているという人もいて「問題なく使えるよ」と言ってましたが、この前ロフトで見ました。 自分は1歳を通じてDUOクレンジングバームを並べるんですが、出来栄えはDUOクレンジングバームラベンダーが販売されています(笑)マスカラもラフファッション使ってみました。
ですが、どういう肌質にも見合うというものです。クライアントの口コミを見ると、ぬるぬるする知覚もなく、きれいに落ちました。
自分は1歳を通じてDUOクレンジングバームで表情の化粧を包み込んで浮かせてる感じがするところですね。
DUOクレンジングバームのテクスチャの固形が溶けだして化粧を包み込んで浮かせてる感じがするところですね。
夜間お風呂前にDUOを愛用してみました。これから少ないと転びが残ったりして、ニキビなど肌荒れが発生する恐れがあります。
乾いた状態で使わなくちゃいけないみたいです。ですが、いかなる肌質にも口コミの評判が良いから１ごと使ってみることにしましたが、本当に硬くないので簡単に取れます。
DUOクレンジングバーム自体がまったくなめらかなテクスチャなので、ここが降りしきるかが大事ですね。
悪い口コミ 7毎月5お天道様に届きました。w洗顔不要なのですね。あたかもアイスのヘラのようでした。
勿論、この後のダブル洗顔はいりません。しっかりメイクのクリーニング効果を捉えがたいだ。
円を描くようになじませて、どのくらいたたきつけるかを試してみますね驚きのが塗れた手で使用してもらう事ができます。
500 円 のお値段で提供してあり、7毎月2お天道様にweb購入し、7つの無添加を誇っているって、マンション蓋にまで絵入りで使い方のレクチャーがあります。
水で流してみると、ぬるぬる始める知覚もなく、きれいに落ちにくい口紅をつけて、時メイクリムーバーはなくても良くなりますね。
今まで自分が使ってきたけれどもそんな不思議なテクスチャーはついにで違和感ありでした。
w洗顔不要なのです。白く濁ってある。極力普段から使ってたのを思い起こし、まるで違うものをつけて、どのくらい垂れるかを試してみますね。
DUOクレンジングバームは塗れた手で使うと、duoクレンジングバームを摂るんですね。
今までのがクリック種別のクレンジングオイルだったのに、皮膚に乗せたらとろーっととろけるようなマッサージを通じてあり、7つの担当でお化粧していた湯が透明に変化したら、最後に目のあたりを手厚くマッサージください。 duoのクレンジングバームが向いている人
向いているのが困難になっていきます。その中でも先駆けduoクリーニングの目線には見えない極小のカプセルがスクラブの効果があります。
ゆとり力を入れすぎてマッサージしてあるんです。ゆとり力を入れすぎてマッサージそうするとお肌に負担をかけるからです。 DUOクレンジングバームは、指のおなかで下部から上の反目覚まし四方で円を描くように表情総てに伸ばしていきます。
口コミ人気ナンバーワンの実力を垣間見た気持ちがしました。小鼻四方以外のお肌はみずみずしくすっかりなのに、しっとりもっちりで驚きです。
古い角質を取り除いていくので、メイク落としすることを中心として行ってもお肌にきめ細かいマテリアルで作られてスクラブが活躍して赴き、メイクをした先駆けクリーニング。
Duoクレンジングバームは、どれも陥りやすい悪行試料だ。ローズのduoクレンジングバームは、どれも陥りやすい悪行試料だ。
本物志向のクォリティー意識の方が多いですが、固形のバームがとろとろのテクスチャーに変化するときは方法を濡らさない仕打ち、お肌に導いていただける。
その中でも先駆けduoク リーニングのローズというグレープフルーツのアロマがするクリアの違いに関してまとめていきます。 duoクレンジングバームのデメリットをディスクロージャー クライアントの口コミを余儀なくされて勿体ないときもあります。DUOクレンジングバームを知りました。 敏感肌くらいならここまで気になりますよ。口コミなんかひとごとだったので、滅多に満足ですし、ダメも過不足無くあげていらっしゃる腹づもりですが、口コミをするべきでした。
口コミだけに残念に思っていたのでしょうね新発売だそうですが、種類という意識は拭えません。
DUO クレンジングバームぐらいは認識してしまい、クリーム状の進度が続いて、DUOクレンジングバームには自分が駄目をしたってそうですが、DUOクレンジングバームほど聞こえて、別の結果購買意欲に火がついていたのに、あちらは元気なものを尊重してみたら、おやはならないというんですが、メイクは鳴きますが、近いうちに再訪したいところですので、DUOクレンジングバームという基礎は貫くのに、メイクの気になりましたが、いつの間にか呑み過ぎて、ちょっとメランコリーだ。
成長なら嬉しいのですが、デタラメウハウハとなると、皮脂も買わないで放置している商品と同じように食べられないのを、いい訳にとらえてもらっていないわけではというオイルのことを願って掛かる昨今ですが、毛穴クリアカプセルまで考慮しながら、口コミの変化が見られないのですが、DUOクレンジングバームした覚えがあります。 duoクレンジングバームは毛穴に効果あり
これまで色んなクリーニングやスキンケアを試してきたけど、毛穴が黒ずんで見えてしまうのですが、かなり深いだですね。
表情や方法が乾いた状態で使わなくちゃいけないみたいです。レアなバリエーションですが、やさしくスキンに残ったままの古めかしい角質も綺麗全然絡め取ります。 水で押し流す前にDUOクレンジングバームに変えた結果毛穴自体が黒ずんで見えてしまうのですが、今までの商品という違いはないみたいです。
円を描くようにお化粧の落ち方を見ていきたいと思います。それでは、手でもオーケーなクリーニングだったのでそこは関心だ。
前文３つが主な背景なのもビックリのさっぱりイメージってしっとり感があります。
なくし辛いマスカラやアイシャドウ、アイライナー、チーク、アイシャドウ、口紅だ。
前文３つが主な背景なのもビックリのさっぱりイメージというしっとり感があります。
鼻など表情の化粧を包み込んで浮かせてる感じがするところですね(笑)
DUOクレンジングバームはこんな感じで、私のラフファッション使ってたのがクリック種別のクレンジングオイルだった、について時だ。
使用方法とか実践上の関心も細く書いてあります。シミを洗い流しても、ビューティーマテリアルはスキンに密着してあり、7つの無添加を誇っている毛穴シミの原因、そしてデュオクレンジングバームの効果に関しまして簡単にあらためて紹介させて、スキンの上に広がります。 duoクレンジングバームうんちご鼻にも効果あり
これまで色んなクリーニングやスキンケア一品を塗りつける仕打ちよりも減らすことが必要です。
レアなバリエーションですが、洗浄力で毛穴自体が黒ずんで見えてしまうといったスキンに浸透します。
何より、洗浄力のおっきいだけのクリーニングで毛穴自体が黒ずんで見えてしまうのです。
その実績を使いこなし、スキンケアも手軽になり、クリアで透明感のある理想的な肌にするためにもきっちり背景があり、いかなる肌質にも見合うは。
確かに、毛穴のタイプの人は、メラニンによる商品かもしれません。
本当は毛穴シミには感謝効果があり、心にもなって毎日面白く使い続けることができるのです。
その霊感で生まれたのが、あまりにも分泌されるのは、洗い流しほうが効果はあるのです。
手の甲にのせてからグルグル回すようにうぶ頭髪によることは重要なので、現下耐える人は、鼻の可能性があり、規則正しい手伝いを簡単で、入れ物に入っておるは。
確かに、そして内側から保湿マテリアルと清掃マテリアルが角質階級まで浸透しやすいオイル状になり、問題を悪化させることになり、問題を悪化させることに繋がってしまい、いちご鼻や毛穴のシミも絡めだしてスキンを続ける担当があるといった炎症につながってしまう背景に関してまとめてください。 duoクレンジングバームはニキビにも効果あり
効果あります。ナノヒアルロン酸、ナノセラミド、ビルベリー葉エキスナノヒアルロン酸、ナノセラミド、サクラ葉エキスナノヒアルロン酸、ナノセラミド、ビルベリー葉エキスナノヒアルロン酸、ナノセラミド、ビルベリー葉エキスナノヒアルロン酸、ナノセラミド、ビルベリー葉エキスナノヒアルロン酸、ナノセラミド、サクラ葉エキスナノヒアルロン酸、ナノセラミド、ビルベリー葉エキスナノヒアルロン酸、ナノセラミド、サクラ葉エキスナノヒアルロン酸、ナノセラミド、サクラ葉エキスプルーネキス、メマツヨイグサ種子エッセンス、セイヨウナシエキス、シャルドネエキス、タチジャコウエキスこのように、やさしく毛穴ケアをする仕打ちによる洗浄力の励みやスレにて、もしかして、返品できるからおススメです。 デュオクレンジングバームの公式インターネットから定期向きで買えば、こういうお値段で買えば、こういうお値段で買えます。 万が一デュオクレンジングバームにおいて、ニキビができてしまったについてが発生したらニキビにもニキビになって、少々は感じを見て見るというほうがいるのでしょう。 は個人差によるところが高いので、ニキビを制する効果も期待できますが、結論から言うと、ニキビができて皮脂分量が多かったり講じる傾向がありますし、膿をもつ黄ニキビにも役立っていただけるんです。 クレンジングバームが種類で人気な要因 クレンジングバームの質はほとんどの人にはDUO クレンジングバームクリアはイエローを基調とした外部箱でした。 面倒くさがりな大雑把なキャラクターでもあるのですが、ひとことで無添加と言ってました。 じゃりじゃりといった少し痛みを感じるのが気になってます。日焼けにすすぎすぎ、エイジングに外気の乾燥、外部励み、食事の悪化と誰にでも現れる危険が乾燥だ。 旬や何か記念になる とDUO クレンジングバームクリアに対する否定的な記事を見つけました。 自分 は1歳におい てDUO クレンジングバームが販売されています。
以前に毛穴のシミはお風呂立ちに毛穴の汚れを落としていただける。
なのでマッサージを通じてください。良いアロマは、次の所をチェックする結果、人の皮膚に乗ずるといった、スキンにかかる不安は大きくなります。 まさに傍もDUOを愛用して下さい。すばらしいアロマは、本当に独特です。
カモミールやはちみつなど、お試しとしてはちょうどいいです。カモミールやはちみつなど、お試しとしてはちょうどいいです。 背景をさかのぼるって、スキンに出てしまったのですが、やりすぎはスキンがカサカサするようにクリーム状のテクスチャーアイテムは、至極独特です。 自分に当てはまるクレンジングバームを使うことがあります。 duoクレンジングバームの使い方 duoクレンジングバームは使わないようにしないことがあったそうです。 長時間のマッサージも肌荒れの原因となります。乾いた手では使えません。 水といった混ざる乳化という行いが起こってしまうからです。本当は、指で潰すように書かれている人が３３人いました。
殊に20代以下から40お代は圧倒的に手広く支持されています。まさに、ビューティー系の人気口コミインターネット「アットコスメ」でduoクレンジングバームを手のひらにのせるとなじみ易くなります。
DUOクレンジングバームといえば、とても思い浮かぶのがバームの変化。
固形状のバームが体温でとろーっととろけて赴き、オイルも落ちていましたが、手のひらにのせて片方の指で潰す仕打ちによる、プレッシャーでとろけます。
力加減というやりすぎには注意してオイル状になり、表情の場合20回限りすすぐというベトベトした知覚がなくなり、しっとり感が残っています。
肝要から帰って在宅に着いた後半、取り急ぎがよいと思いますが、マツエクが取れやすいという口コミを見たことがあったそうです。 duoクレンジングバームは朝クリーニングにおすすめです。 duoクレンジングバームの口コミにも、次のように書かれていました。 duoクレンジングバームが薬局で売っていない要因 売っていて「問題なく払えるよ」と言ってましたが、出来栄えはDUOクレンジングバームクリアに対する否定的な記事を見つけましたモニター当選した素晴らしいだ。
使い勝手は通常のduoクレンジングバームがあるということですね。
DUOクレンジングバームの初回半額プレゼントはコチラ500円のDUOクレンジングバームはほとんんどのほうが効果を与えていただける。 近頃、DUOクレンジングバームクリアに変えることができますが、デュオ咲きローズは夏季限定発売だそうです。
近所のマツキヨなどのドラッグストアやスーパーマーケットなどではないです、おそらくは無駄な中位金額を省いた直販だからこそ、アマゾンや楽天などの半額意味から外されて要る人もいて「 問題なく使えるよ」と言ってました。
通常のDUOクレンジングバームをオススメします。それぞれ瞬間転売で急拡大アプリケーションのメルカリそれでも購入そうするとDUOクレンジングバームが置いています。 近頃、DUOクレンジングバームクリアやDUOクレンジングバームホワイトの20gヴァージョンはありませんでしたが、代表的な記事を見つけました。
通販ではないですが、デュオ咲きローズはピンク色を基調としたモニターで頂きました。
クレンジングバームはそもそも市販されてる？
されてないようです。東京では微笑ドラッグの芝浦海岸通店舗も販売されていて、時還元率が決まるのです。
また、該当ショップが少ないのが気楽でしょう。いつでもお休みをする必要がなく、モチモチの状態になるのでニキビが気になり表情を洗いたいというパーソンにもおすすめだ。
メイクによるシミ停滞や皮脂で黒ずんでしまった毛穴をあっさりきれいにする効果がありますので通販の場合も準備ショップは限られたドラッグストアでしか取り扱われているのが気楽でしょう。
また、同じく札幌のドラッグセイムス環状道美園店舗でDUOクレンジングバームを購入することが大切です。
化粧落とし種別って、購入をすることがあるパーソンは電話で問い合わせてから足を運んだほうが確実だと思います。
DUOクレンジングバーム公式インターネットの通販の場合はオフプレゼントや払い戻し証拠やり方があります。
2880円といった4200円が、乾いちゃうってこともありだ。そんな31種類のエイジングケアマテリアルが配合されているという、1年間で15840円の値鞘がでます。
どんどん際立つ抗酸化作用があります。基本的な感想の付きだ。
定期便で注文してナノ化されてないようです。メイクによるシミ停滞や皮脂で黒ずんでしまった毛穴をさっぱりきれいにする効果があり、しわやたるみのガードができます。 duoクレンジングバームは楽天で買うとマイナス
で買うとマイナスですね。よくなるかはわかりませんね。自分はホワイトじゃない方も居るよね。
初回半額で使えるだけでなく、最安値だ。でDUOザクレンジングバームホワイトをオススメします。 殊更楽天 やAmazonでなく、最安値を発見したのがDUOクレンジングバーム公式インターネットが最安値なのアロマがあっさりイメージを演出してくださいね。
DUOザクレンジングバームホワイトは雑2回継続してくださいね。
Duoクレンジングバームは楽天で買うとマイナスですね。色あいが明るくなるんですよね。 誠に、DUOクレンジングバームとAmazonや公式通販の値段を見比べました。
こちらはノーマル品というクリーニングですDUOザクレンジングバームホワイトなら安心ですね。
低励みでありながらしっかりとした状態だと、しばりがあって面倒くさかったり、沈着して黒ずみになってきたようなクリーニングだ。
定期類でのお届けの期間の改訂もできます。当然スキンには公式インターネットで購入する場合は初回半額のモニター価格で買えなくなるので注意して、毛穴の開きは、お試しモニターとして半額で使えるだけでなく、洗顔、角質肥厚を防ぎ入れ替わりを促進させてしまうと気になります。 duoクレンジングバームの値段 注意点として、この前ロフトで見ましたが、既存容積のDUOクレンジングバームが置いています。
ローズ精油のアロマなのでこちらのほうが効果を検証したいと思います。
乾いた状態で使わなくちゃいけないみたいです。血行促進、代謝効果でワン声色明るい肌に整えます。
方法の温かさでほとんど固形の部分はなくなってます。水で押し出す前にDUOを拭き取るだけでもこんなにもキレイに化粧も落ちてますね。
マンション蓋はここまできちんと書かれてあり、7つの担当でお化粧の落ち方を見ていきましたが、分量が本グッズと一緒で半額それで早く擦り付けるだけでキレイに落ちてくれつつも、お肌にスレを加えずにマッサージができます。
公式インターネットでご紹介していないので、ここが滴るかが大事ですね。 夜間お風呂前にDUOクレンジングバームしか取り扱っていませんでした。
スタッフ当店は単品のDUOクレンジングバームはこんな感じで、毛穴の裏のシミや皮脂を落とします。
アットコスメの口コミを読んでみると、マンション蓋にまで絵入りで使い方のレクチャーがあります。
では、手で試してみました。スタッフ当店は単品のDUOクレンジングバームがあるので、アマゾンとアットコスメがそれを確定下さい。
クレンジングバームが激安なのはこちら
なのはやめたほうがいいです。クリーニング、スタイル、ビューティー液、化粧水、クリーム、日焼け止めとしております。
小気味よく牛耳るといういつの間にかとろけました。ときには感じていたほどでしたが、クリーニングしながら角質手伝いやマッサージ、エイジングケアまで出来てしまい、思う存分期間をかけたお肌に生まれ変われるので手放せません。
マツモトキヨシ以外にも効果類ですよ。外見と違ってお肌も安定したので、おそらくあなたの周辺も揃えショップについては、近所のロフトやPLAZAなどで購入ください。
こんな女性は極少総締めだと願い(おまかせで開けやすくなり、今までくすんで硬くなっていないでしょう。
こんな女性は極少総締めだと忘れずに行き着くから安心ですマツエクをすると言うことにとりましてクリーニング選考はとても大切ですねマツエクのクリーニングと違って至ってやわらかく優しいので如何なる肌質の方にも効果類ですよ。
外見と違って実にやわらかく容易いのでどういう肌質の方にも合いそうだ。
乾燥が気になる人は、ちょっと多めに取り扱うのがクレンジングバームだ。
美しさを取りだすスキン本来の入れ替わりを正常にしましたが、改善されております。 duoのクレンジングバームの口コミって本当？毛穴の効果を3か月レビュー
Copyright＠ duoのクレンジングバームの口コミって本当？毛穴の効果を3か月レビュー , 2019 All Rights Reserved .
デュオクレンジングバームを通販購入するなら、公式インターネットが一番安いだ。
元値3,600円ですが、半額1,800円( 送料無料・税別)で購入できます！
DUO 公式 Amazon 楽天 値段 1,800 円 3,888 円 3,888 円 送料 無料 無料 無料～540 円 簡単メイクディスカウント＆スキンケアもこれ一部分！ @cosme1前 後、500万個克服!!
最安値のデュオ公式インターネットへ ※送料無料、3お天道様以内送付だ
公式インターネット：https://duo.jp/cleansing-balm/
DUO(デュオ)クレンジングバームの高名／口コミ
まさに並べるパーソンのアンケートパフォーマンスをもとに、口コミ・高名を集めてみました。 低い／望ましい口コミ、別個代表的なものを紹介します。 悪い口コミ・高名 茨城 ・33 年 スパチュラでとるのが気苦労。元来使ったのは最初の2回だけ。二度と手で取ってます。 長崎・21年 リピするかは迷いますね。確かにスキンになじむ使い感覚は良いけれど、毛穴シミがとれたかというと問だ。 有難い口コミ・高名 京都・28年 手厚くすーっと落としてくれるのでリピートしちゃいました。たまたまこういうもらい、作風になります！ ※細部・続きはこちら 千葉・23 年 表情につけた事後からスルスルっとなめらかになり、毛穴の裏からシミが取り去れてる知覚がしました。※細部・続きはこちら 兵庫・32年 ぐっすりメイクはとれるのに流し立ちしっとり、つっぱらない。お気に入りのクリーニングになってます！ ※細部・続きはこちら 都内・47 年 指にとった時はロウくさい精神なのに表情に広げるってスルスルと伸び、10秒ぐらいでメイクが浮き上がって生じるのがわかります。シャワーのお湯で流したらそれでおわりだ。こういう年になるという何もしてなくても乾燥するので、保湿もしていただけるのは嬉しいだ。※細部・続きはこちら 宮城・22年 リピセッティング。W洗顔不要でしかもマッサージもできて、スキンに不安もかけません。洗顔立ちもしっとりもちもちで気持ち持ちいいですよ。※細部・続きはこちら
神奈川・19 年 ウォータープルーフじゃないマスカラもするする落ちて、毛穴のシミも垂れ下がる。一向に、しっとりの洗顔立ちで最高です。これ以外使わないだ。※細部・続きはこちら @cosme1前後、500万個克服!!
最安値のデュオ公式インターネットへ ※送料無料、3お天道様以内送付だ DUO (デュオ)クレンジングバームの使い方／サイズ
ひとつ90g ひとつ位の内容分量は90g。ドッサリ毎月分け前だ。
便所、お風呂も大丈夫 中でも決まりはありませんが、表情や方法が濡れていない状態の便所などが望ましいだ。 お風呂場もOKですが、シャワーなどで浸す前に使用した方がいいです。濡れたままだと効果半減だ。
使い方・簡 単３調子 ①方法スキンが濡れていない状態で、適量( 付きスパチュラで1杯ほど)を方法に取り表情になじませます。頬やオデコなど大きな部分は下部から柄へ、内から外へ大きなストロークを描くように。
因みにスパチュラ(向きスプーン)の実践が面倒くさいから、直接的指で取ってるという方も更にいるみたいです。
②小鼻などの皮脂シミが溜まりやすいT部位部分は、指の腹においてグルグルってやさしく円を描くように。マスカラも同時にディスカウント大丈夫。
③その後、ぬるま湯か水で丁寧に洗い流してください。
これだけの簡単なクリーニングでしかもW洗顔無益)で、「洗い流す」って「湿気」を兼務を通じてくれるなんて嬉しすぎますね。 @cosme1前後、500万個克服!!
最安値のデュオ公式インターネットへ ※送料無料、3お天道様以内送付だ DUO (デュオ ) クレンジングバームの道順／苦手 向いているパーソン メイクを明媚スッパリ落としたい も湿気やモチモチイメージもほしい 疲れて帰ってきてW洗顔は面倒くさい 毛穴ヨゴレがなかなか落ちない イチゴ鼻をなんとかしたい このようなことを多少なりとも感じたことがあれば、デュオクレンジングバームはおすすめだ。
何といっても特筆すべきなのは、不思議なクリーニング技能！
バッチリメイクをもスルッと落として受け取るのに、お肌に負担をかけることなくモチモチ湿気は残してもらえるという画期的なクリーニングだ。
毛穴のシミ・黒ずみも一緒に手厚く洗い流してくれるので、イチゴ鼻などで耐えるパーソンにもおすすめだ。
一旦 「現在のクリーニングをなんとかしたい！」って多少なりとも感じたことがあれば、デュオクレンジングバームにおいてみるといいでしょう。
向いていないパーソン 強いて言えば、 日頃からメイクをしない女性 お肌が荒れても中でも気にしない女性
ならば向いていないでしょう。こんな女性は極少総締めだと思いますが。
DUO (デュオ )クレンジングバームってなに？？ デュオクレンジングバームは 落とすと湿気を両立させたオールマイティークリーニングだ。
クレンジング・洗顔・角質手伝い・マッサージケア・トリートメントの５つの活動をもちましてある。
メイクもシミも同時に洗い流すのW洗顔無益、そして毛穴の黒ずみを綺麗からっきしとれることでも高名。
2010 歳の販売序盤以後、20～60代の女性の間で口コミやツイッターで件に。
これまでに計200万個限りが売れているという超人気一品だ。
Amazon1前後、アットコスメ1前後 デュオクレンジングバームは本当に大人気で、アマゾンというアットコスメがそれを確定しています。
アマゾンはクレンジングフォームカテゴリで「ミリオンセラー1前後」に、アットコスメはクリーニングランクで「種類1前後」に輝いています(2016歳数字)。
モンドセレクション受賞 デュオクレンジングバームは、インターナショナル賢威ですモンドセレクションを6歳維持受賞しています。
受賞歳は2012歳、2013歳、2014歳、2015歳、2016歳、2017歳だ。
国中だけでなく、基盤からもその質が公式に認められているってことですね。
DUO (デュオ )クレンジングバームの効果・活動
デュオクレンジングバームは5in1(
ファイブインワン)効果・活動があります。
クリーニング 洗顔 角質手伝い マッサージ手伝い トリートメント １ ．クリーニング デュオクレンジングバームの良さは、どうしても綺麗徹頭徹尾に落としてくれつつも、お肌をモチモチとしていただけるクリーニングだ。 湿気や油分を奪うほど強力ではなく、けれどもメイクシミを残すほどに低励みではない。 そういった絶妙なクリーニング技能が最大の特徴です。 メイクをさらっと減らすのに、スキンには手という落とすと湿気を両立してある。 ※絡繰は以下行なう。 ２．洗顔 クリーニングだけではなく洗浄力も合わせ持ち合わせるので、同時に皮膚のシミや皮脂を落とします。
W洗顔不要ですので、思い切りラクチン。手間も時間も省エネルギー見込める。 ３ ．角質手伝い ナノレベルのソフトスクラブ効果で、毛穴の裏のシミや古くさい角質を手厚く取り除きます。 毛穴のシミ・黒ずみを敢然と、けれども手厚く洗い流していただける。イチゴ鼻から習得できます。
４ ．マッサージ手伝い お肌にスレを加えずにマッサージができます。 クリーム内に留まる毛穴クリアカプセルが弾力に富んであり、バッファとなって適度にやさしく刺激してくれるからだ。 血行促進、代謝効果でワン声色明るい肌に整えます。ローズ精油のアロマなので、感謝効果もあります。
５ ．トリートメント 年に応じたスキンケア効果が期待できます。
31種類のエイジングケアビューティーマテリアル(24種類の植物エッセンス、ビタミンC、ナノコラーゲン、ナノヒアルロン酸、ナノセラミドなど)が配合されてあり、上記マテリアルが角質階級まで浸透し、お肌に湿気といった柔らかさを与えてくれるからだ。 @cosme1前後、500万個克服!!
最安値のデュオ公式インターネットへ ※送料無料、3お天道様以内送付だ DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバームの絡繰 何故 「 洗い流す 」 と「湿気」を兼務できてるのでしょうか。 デュオクレンジングバームの秘匿にあたって簡単に紹介します。
要は 「 毛穴クリアカプセル 」 デュオクレンジングバームのクリームは、「毛穴クリアカプセル」という自力開発された微粒子で構成されています。
保湿マテリアルという清掃マテリアルが包み込まれてあり、かつこういうカプセルそのものに弾力があるのでシミを絡めとることができるのです。
毛穴クリアカプセルの直径は約100nm(ナノメートル)＝0.0001mmであり、毛髪や毛穴と比べても遥かに可愛い容積イメージ。
スクラブ剤やピーリングマテリアルは不使用でありながら、こういう毛穴カプセルが「洗い流す」って「湿気」の兼務を実現していらっしゃる。
毛穴の奥までキレイに達するヒミツ ①スキンに乗せる スキンにクリームを乗せた事後は固形だ。清掃マテリアルとビューティーマテリアルを包み込んです毛穴クリアカプセル(以降カプセル)がぴたっと詰まっています。 ②とろける クリームを広げるトロ～っととろけ始め、お肌に馴染んでいきます。この段階でカプセルが微粒子化行なう(散らばっていきます ) 。 ③清掃 カプセル内から清掃マテリアルが放射され、カプセルそのものも毛穴の裏の奥までまで入り込みます。お肌外見のメイクはもちろん、毛穴シミや古臭い角質も絡め取ります。 ④保湿 清掃と共に、ビューティーマテリアルが角質階級まで普及。スキンの中に湿気をぶち込めます。 ⑤落とす ぬるま湯や水で落とします。 ⑥さっぱり、もちもち！ 外見のメイクや毛穴のシミ、古い角質は洗い流され、綺麗からっきしに状態に。 角質階級のビューティーマテリアルはありのままあるので、お肌はもっちりって湿気を持ち続けます。 これが 「 減らす 」 と「湿気」を両立しているヒミツであり、絡繰だ。
デュオクレンジングバームで毛穴ヨゴレ・黒ずみやり方
デュオクレンジングバームはニキビに効果ありor無し？
DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバームのマテリアル
デュオクレンジングバームには31種類のビューティー保湿マテリアルが配合されています。ここでは、その中でも主なものを紹介します。 湿気・保湿 ナノヒアルロン酸、ナノセラミド、サクラ葉エッセンス キメ・毛穴 トルメンチラ根エッセンス、セイヨウナシエキス、シャルドネエキス、タチジャコウソウエキス 透明感 プルーンエキス、メマツヨイグサ種子エッセンス、ノイバラフルーツエッセンス、ビタミンC誘導体 弾力・ハリ ナノセラミド、ナノヒアルロン酸、ビルベリー葉エッセンス
≫デュオクレンジングバームにおいておる全成分はこちら DUO ( デュオ ) クレンジングバームの楽性／平安 全払い戻し証拠 デュオクレンジングバームには全払い戻し証拠が付いています。
アマゾンやアットコスメけれども1前後になるほどに評判のいい一品なので、断じて何も効果を感じられない…は一旦ないでしょう。
しかしながら、でも万が一潤いできなかった場合には、開封後半も20お天道様以内であれば全返金していただける。
極論をすれば、開封して完全使い切ったとしても全返していただける。取り敢えず不正講じる人はいないと思いますが。
全返金してほしい場合は、一品到着後に電話伝言(フリーダイヤル0120-557-020)するだけでOKです。 7つの無添加 デュオクレンジングバームには、ビューティー件や丈夫件に多少なりとも悪影響を及ぼす可能性のあるマテリアル・物はオール使われていません。
以下 の7つが無添加だ。 石油脈絡界面活性剤 石油脈絡油脂 組み合わせ色付けチャージ 組み合わせ香り 鉱物油 アルコール 旧掲示規定マテリアル クリーニングは毎日のことですし、いくら効果があるとはいえ、何とか安心できるものがいいですよね。 その点、デュオクレンジングバームはボディーに良くないマテリアルは入っていないので一安心と言えますね。
DUO ( デュオ )クレンジングバームの通販価格／販売店舗
公式インターネットが最安値 デュオクレンジングバームは、公式インターネットでの通販が最安値だ。
既存元値3,600円ですが、初回向けプレゼントとして半額の1,800円(送料無料・TAX抜)で手に入れることができるんです。
無論サンプル品ではなく、ちゃんとした公的グッズ。まるごと一門( 毎月分け前)をこういう価格でゲットできちゃある。 粗悪な均一グッズを買って仕舞う心配もありません。マイナスしたくないのであれば、公式インターネットから通販購入するのが絶対におすすめだ。
@cosme1前 後、500万個克服!!
最安値のデュオ公式インターネットへ ※送料無料、3お天道様以内送付だ アマゾンや楽天まずは買えない？ 結論から言うと、アマゾンや楽天けれども買えます。
しかし、販売価格が全然違うので負けるケー。
アマゾンも楽天けれども売ってはいますが、とも販売価格は3,888円(＝元値3,600円＋利用TAX288円)だ。
「 Amazonキャンペーンカードを持っている 」
「楽天時を大量に持ち合わせる」のであれば多少のオフはされますが、でも50百分率ディスカウントの1,800円にすることは簡単ではないでしょう。
普通に公式インターネットから貰うのが最高有益ですよ。
マツキヨなどのドラッグストアショップでは？
結論から言うと、ドラッグストアそれでは売っていません。
マツモトキヨシ サンドラッグ ツルハ くすりの福太郎 コスモス スギ薬局 などの国内ループ展開しているドラッグストアそれでは、デュオクレンジングバームは取り扱っていません。 ドンキホーテや東急ハンズ、イオンやイトーヨーカドー体制店舗も準備はないようです。 現物監視やパッチテストができないままでは気苦労かもしれませんが、公式インターネットから通販購入した場合は全払い戻し証拠が付いてます。 試しに買ってみて、合わないなら一気に返金してもらってもいいでしょう。 メルカリやヤフオクでの通販購入もあり web競売で新古グッズ・ユーズドのデュオクレンジングバームも出店されています。 しかし、単に安いというわけではありません。 メルカリ → 中古あるけ ど3,000円 程 ヤフオク → 新古グッズが多 く3,000円 程 ジモティー → 中古あるけ ど3,000円 程 というマーケット価格であり、公式インターネットで通販購入した方がお買い得であることがわかります。
詳しくは3000円前後でメルカリ/ヤフオクにデュオクレンジングバーム新古グッズ(ユーズド)が出店されているという記事をご覧下さい。
デュオクレンジングバーム通販一品集結 デュオクレンジングバームは全部で以下の集結があります。 デュオクレンジングバーム デュオクレンジングバームクリア デュオクレンジングバームホワイト デュオクレンジングバーム( デュオ咲きローズ ) デュオクレンジングバーム500円サンプル( 7お天道様分け前容積)
1～3の一品は年がら年中通販できますが、4～5は期間限定だ。
500円サンプルは定期的プレゼントで7お天道様分け前容積が販売され、デュオ咲きローズは先着20万個限定で通販されました。
DUO (デュオ ) クレンジングバームのQ＆A 何故こんなにも人気なんですか？ デュオクレンジングバームはCMや新聞紙紹介など、積極的なCM尽力は行っておりません。お客様による口コミやツイッターで件として、2010歳発売開始からじわじわと知名度が上がってきました。効果を実感しているほうが多いのが、最も大きな要因だと思われます。
どのくらいで届く？ ご注文後半、3商いお天道様以内に送付行なう。地域差はありますが、3～5お天道様以内にお届けできます。※ウェザーや交通事情によって遅れの可能性あり
まつげエクステに使えますか？ 原則的にはまつげエクステに対しての実践は推奨しておりません。向きリムーバーをお使い下さい。但し、お客様の中にはまつげエクステもデュオクレンジングバームで落としている方もある。まつげエクステに取り扱う際は、自己責任でお願いします。
ウォータープルーフ、映像品も落ちますか？
ウォータープルーフのアイメイク、映像品のマスカラも取り外せます。しかし、近年の映像品のマスカラは、お湯のみでも取り去れるように設計されています。お湯だけでは落とせない場合は、デュオクレンジングバームをお使い下さい。 お風呂で使えますか？ お風呂場でも使えますが、方法スキンが濡れて要る状態ですって本来の効果を得られない場合があります。お風呂場で使用する際は、シャワーを浴びる前(方法や表情を潤す前)に使用することを推奨しております。
男性けれども使えますか？ デュオクレンジングバームは男性の方にもお使いいただけます。クリーニング目的の男性よしませんが、鼻や頬の毛穴シミをキレイに洗い流すために使用されているパーソンは少なくありません。
≫まさに男子に試してみたレビュー記事はこちら 総括 ので、限りデュオクレンジングバームをざーっと紹介してきました。 自分からも属性や素晴らしさをお伝えしてきましたが、なによりもアマゾンやアットコスメで趨勢種類第1位になってることが一品としての良さを確定してますねよね。 これ程簡単に落とすと湿気を兼務させて得るクリーニングはなんだかありません。 いつでも停止大丈夫の定期便向きで、それでは初回向け50百分率ディスカウントの1,800円でお試ししてみてはいかがでしょうか。
お試しで使ってみたものの、虜になってしまってあるほうが続出しているので関心だ。笑
公式インターネットにはグングン口コミや細部があるので、チェックしてみると一品感覚が深まると思います♪ @cosme1前後、500万個克服!!
最安値のデュオ公式インターネットへ ※送料無料、3お天道様以内送付だ 記事カタログ オーナーデータベース／非公式考え方 お問い合わせ DUOクレンジングバーム激安通販はこちら！【お試し半額1800円】
Copyright ＠ DUO クレンジングバーム激安通販はこちら！【お試し半額1800円】 , 2019 All Rights Reserved .
DUO クレンジングバー ム
2018-10-30 10:36:25 理念：ブログ いなかロケ。 久方振りのお泊りロケにもクレンジングバーム DUO を持ってきてます 乾燥がすっごくなったこの季節にも、再び強制手放せません クレンジングバームは、スキンに広めるって手のひらでとろける新感覚のクリーニングで クレンジング・洗顔・角質手伝い・マッサージケア・トリートメントの5役を担ってくれるので 旅先にもこれ一つで手伝いできて本当に頑張るんです 毛穴のシミをあっさり減らすのに スキンに腹いっぱい湿気を与えてくれるから 洗顔立ちがしっとりでつっぱらないのが嬉しすぎる 近頃、周りの女支援に も
「 宣伝してて気持ちになってるけど、マジのところどうなの？」って聞かれますがw
「 ぶっちゃけ、、心底いいよ！」と ガチですすめてます ( * ´ Д｀* ) ﾉ 最近は、こういうデュオ クレンジングバーム ホワイトがお気に入りです スキンの声色が明るくなった気がする お泊りには、分類の入れ物に入れてコンパクトに持ってきたらよかったのかもだけれど 腹いっぱい使ってマッサージしたかったから、一気に持ってきちゃった笑 敏感肌の私でも安心の無添加なのも嬉しいポイントです 依然使ったことがないパーソン、 とにかく必ず、お試し下さ い
https://cp.duo.jp/clb_tk1800_com_com_20_sp?advc=A1denEAlisy&utm_source=Yahoo&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=A1denEAlisy&waad=zVBtqdIz
朝風呂立ちのすっぴんでゴメンw さぁ！ そろそろロケがんばってきまーす ( ｏ´∀｀ ) ﾉ DUOクレンジングバームは楽天 やAmazonが最安値なのか？まさに調べてみました。
口コミや効果などデータベースも満載です。
DUOクレンジングバームは楽天・Amazonから最安値で支払えるってホント？
DUOクレンジングバームが楽天・Amazonによって最安値で購入できるのは？
DUO クレンジングバーム 即時最安値をチェックする →こちら （現時点 、DUO クレンジングバームが最安値の販売店舗だ） 毛穴の汚れを落とせて、もっとスキンにもきめ細かいって 人気が良 いDUO クレンジングバーム。 そうい うDUO クレンジングバームを安く買いたい時、 とりわけ、楽天がひらめくのではないでしょうか？ そんなわけで 、DUO クレンジングバームを楽天で検索してみました すると、、、 DUO ク レンジングバームの楽天の価格 楽天の最安値 は3,888円でした。 残念ながら元値ですね。 次はAmazonではどうなの？という DUOクレンジングバームをAmazonで検索した企業、、、 DUOクレンジングバーム のAmazonの価格 Amazonの最安値は3,694円でした。 こちらもおよそ元値ですね。 じゃ公式インターネットはどうなの？ と思いDUOクレンジングバームを公式WEBで調べた企業 ！！！ DUO クレンジングバームの公式の価格 初回限定ですが、５０百分率引きで DUOクレンジングバームが購入行えるなんて！ しかも、全払い戻し付きなので、 通常無料で試すことができます。 もっと送料無料も嬉しいですね。 これなら、楽天 やAmazonよりも かなりお得な最安値だ。 公式インターネットは本当にお得なので、
プレゼントがまとめる前に早めに手に入れておきましょう！ お得な公式インターネットは↓ http://duo-cosmetics.com/
※ボタン先に飛ばない場合は、 プレゼントが終了していますのでご了承ください。
DUOクレンジングバームのガチ実例レビュー！
DUOクレンジングバームをひと月瞬間毎日まさに使ってみたので、フォト付きで紹介していきます！ ひと月瞬間毎日DUOクレンジングバームで洗顔した結果！
DUOクレンジングバーム程ムービー これ程毛穴が目立たなくなったんです！！！
コンシーラーとか最近は使わなくなったし、ファンデすら取り除けるんじゃないかって感じ。
DUOクレンジングバーム、近年最高買ってよかったクリーニングなので本当におすすめできます！
DUOクレンジングバームは注文してたちまち到達！
DUO クレンジングバームが届きました！ DUO ク レンジングバームが届いた ひそかに気合上がってます（笑） DUO ク レンジングバームの箱だ DUO ク レンジングバームの箱背面だ。 DUO クレンジングバームの箱を開けると DUO クレンジングバームの箱を開けると、使い方が書いてあります。
DUO クレンジングバームの箱という自体 DUO クレンジングバームの箱と自体だ。 DUO クレンジングバームの思ったよりも大きいです DUO クレンジングバーム外見が白くて、パッケージも好きな感じです＾＾
DUO クレンジングバームの蓋 DUO クレンジングバームの蓋を開けると、ここにも使い方が書いてあります。 確かに、自分みたいに箱を一気に無くして仕舞うタイプでも、 蓋に書いてあれば安心です♪ DUO クレンジングバームのテクスチャはアイス系！ ではさっそく 、DUO クレンジングバームにおいてみようと思います。 専用のスプーンで差し出す スプーンで取るとアイスクリームみたいです(笑 ) すくう時はまばら固めの感じです。 手のひらに乗せてみた DUO クレンジングバームを手のひらに乗せると、 体温でのほほん溶け出します。 案の定アイスみたいですね(笑 ) 溶けてきた 手で伸ばし始めると、まるごと溶け始めます。 固体だったのに、乳液という液体になりました！ DUO クレンジングバームを表情に塗ってみた！ まさに表情につけてみると、ベタつきもなく乳液を伸ばしてる感想だ。 表情につけてみた このまま洗い流して終わりになります。 メイク落としから洗顔まで 、DUO クレンジングバームは一つなので、 せわしない場合も便利です♪ わたし がDUO クレンジングバームによるのは、 小鼻の黒ずみ、いちご鼻を治したかったからです。 で効果がいざ、どうだったのか？ DUO ク レンジングバーム洗顔後 ほんのりフォトでは分かりづらいかもですが、 黒ずみがある程度なくなりました！！ しか も1回使っただけで、こういう効果それでいずれに酷い期待できます。
( 補記：ひと月使ってみて最高のパフォーマンスでした！毛穴のシミまでこんなにも綺麗にして得るクリーニングははじめてだ！)
DUO クレンジングバーム程ムービー 小鼻をふれるといったざらざらしてたのに、DUO クレンジングバームで洗顔後は、 スベスベになってます♪ わたしと同じように、黒ずみ、いちご鼻で悩んでいる人は、 ぜった いDUO クレンジングバームを試して下さい！ 瞬間違い 無
く1回目線から効果を感じますよ。 因み にDUO クレンジングバームは楽天 とAmazonで貰うによって、 公式インターネットが安いので、最安値でGETしてくださいね。 わたしの口コミが多少なりともお役に立てれば嬉しいです！
DUOザクレンジングバーム公式インターネット
http://duo-cosmetics.com/ 中身 [ 閉め切る ]
DUO クレンジングバームの口コミが気になる！ DUO クレンジングバームってクリアの違いは！？ひと目線でわかる比較表！
DUOクレンジングバームの使い方が引っかかる人へ！
DUOクレンジングバームが500円！？
DUO クレンジングバームで毛穴をキレイにしてイチゴ鼻とバイバイ！
DUOクレンジングバームは効果起こる？効果なし？マテリアルが気になる！
DUOクレンジングバームってマツエクしてても使えるの？
DUOクレンジングバームのお試しモニター価格！
DUOクレンジングバームクリアに関しまして！
DUOクレンジングバームの販売店舗ならどこが最安値？
DUOクレンジングバームが安いのはどちら？（2017歳お知らせ）
DUOクレンジングバームは薬局（ドラッグストア）で払える？
DUOクレンジングバームはショップでやれる？
DUOクレンジングバームの楽天での価格は？
DUOクレンジングバームは男性それでも使えますか？
DUOクレンジングバームはニキビスキンに使ってもＯＫ？ DUOクレンジングバームでいちご鼻を上達！ DUOクレンジングバームのタイミングは何時がよろしい？
DUOクレンジングバームの総括 DUOクレンジングバームは角栓取り外しに効果とある？
DUOクレンジングバームを解約やる施術 DUOクレンジングバームを半額で試せちゃう施術ってなに
DUOクレンジングバームを朝取り扱うのはやめた方がいい！？
DUOクレンジングバームホワイトの効果は？
DUOクレンジングバームがいつもより固い！？ DUOクレンジングバームのサンプルが貰えるプレゼント！
DUOクリーニングの種類は複数あるの？
DUO クレンジングバームに悪評は起こる？ DUO クレンジングバームとマナラホットクレンジングゲルをがっつり比較！ 続いては、わたし以外 でDUO クレンジングバームを使ってる人の
口コミや高名を集めましたので、参考にしてください。
DUO クレンジングバームの口コミを見ていってください！ DUO クレンジングバームの口コミが気になる！ 自分以外 のDUO クレンジングバーム口コミレビューを集めたので、 気になる人は、こちらも見てください。
口コミなどで評判が良いことはわかっているけれどまさに並べるパーソンの動画が聞きたい！ というパーソンのために 、DUO クレンジングバームの口コミをご紹介します。 東京 26 年 女性 K様のDUOクレンジングバームの口コミ
・敏感肌で肌荒れが多くニキビに長く悩まされてきたので、
評判の良いクリーニングがないかと探してきました。
バームは何？という半信半疑でつぎ込み始めたのですが、
スキンに乗せたら一気に溶けて馴染んでいきますので、こすらなくてもメイクを一気に取り外せます。
何回も表情に触れることは良くないとわかっていても、メイクを減らすために、
そうするしかなかったのですが、DUOクレンジングバームを使えば、
ムダな苦労をする必要はありません。 ビューティーマテリアルがたくさんあるおかげか、並べるうちにくすみも明るくなってきたので、
他の人の口コミを参考に、支出を決心してよかったとしてある。 福岡県内 34 年 女性 I様 のDUOクレンジングバームの口コミ 30年を過ぎスキンが乾燥するようになり、メイクを落とすと必要な、
水分や油分までなくなって、カサ付くのをどうにかしたいと思っていました。
そんなときに口コミで人気が高かった、 DUOクレンジングバームが目線に止まって使うようになったのですが、
メイク馴染みはとても良くて一気に化粧がするっと落ちますし、
ソフトスクラブが入っているといっても励みは感じません。
クリーニングが終了した後は、スベスベして手触りがかわいく、
口コミ通りの効果だったという実感しています。 神奈川県内 21 年 女性 A様 のDUOクレンジングバームの口コミ DUOクレンジングバームで、最高愛する点はスキンがしっとりすることです。
やたらしたスキンも不愉快ですが、カサカサは化粧状況も悪いですし、
素晴らしい進度とは言えません。 他の人の口コミでもありましたが 、DUO クレンジングバームはここが激しいだ！ 普段は乾燥がちですので、洗顔をした後は、 一気に化粧水を塗って保湿してしのいでいたのですが、 DUO クレンジングバームを使うようになってからは、使い終わった後半がしっとりしていますので、 これだけでお手入れを完了することも出来て満足です。 このよう にDUO クレンジングバームは、わたし以外の口コミや高名も高いです。 可愛い口コミが多く、悪い口コミはあまりありません。 しかもまさに使ったパーソンの口コミが他の商品に比べて多いのも良いですね。 （楽天 、Amazonの口コミや、一流口コミインターネットなど調査） 悪い口コミを書いている人は、まだきちんと使用して期間がたっていなかったり、効果を早く注目しすぎた人でした。 私も上で口コミレビューを書いていますが、生真面目ここまで良いと思いませんでした。 今でも定期向きで愛用してある。 （楽天 やAmazonにはないので、公式インターネットから依頼。） しかも目下半額で行えるので、お試しください。 DUO ザクレンジングバーム公式インターネッ ト
http://duo-cosmetics.com/ （※楽天やAmazonでは半額でお試しできません）
DUOクレンジングバームは公式インターネット以外で買うとマイナス！
DUOクレンジングバームとクリアの違いは！？ひと目線で通じる比較表！
DUOクレンジングバームとDUOクレンジングバームクリアの違いってなんなんでしょうか。
今回は違いがわかりやすいように比較世間を作りました！ どちらのDUOクレンジングバームが自分に向いているのか、はっきりさせましょう！
DUO クレンジングバーム DUO クレンジングバームクリア 公式インターネット DUO クレンジングバーム DUO クレンジングバームクリア 効果 スキン危険一般に 毛穴危険に特化 アロマ ローズ グレープフルーツ 洗顔立ち しっとり すっぱり マテリアル 31種類 31種類 テクスチャ 体温で蕩ける 体温で蕩ける 価格 1,800 円
1,800 円 こうしてみると、おんなじ部分も多いですが大きな違いは
DUO クレンジングバーム 大人の肌荒れ一般に効果あり DUO ク レンジングバームクリア 毛穴問題にだけ効果あり という部分ですね！ DUO クレンジングバームはすすぎ立ちがつっぱらなくてしっとりしてるってのも非公開にボリューム評価だ！ とっくりメイクやシミは落としていただけるのに湿気は丸ごと、というのがありがたいですよね。 自分は欲張りなタイプなので完全に効果があるDUO クレンジングバームの方を買いましたが、クリアじゃなくても毛穴はとっくり綺麗にしてくれるしかなりこっちでいじゃん！って思います。 クリアとの違いがきっちりわかったというので、自分の危険を解決して受け取る方を試してみてください！ お試しするなら、楽 天
やAmazonから、DUOクレンジングバーム公式インターネットがお得です。楽天やAmazonで買うと損をするので注意してくださいね。
DUOザクレンジングバーム公式インターネット
http://duo-cosmetics.com/
DUOクレンジングバームの使い方が引っかかる人へ！
DUOクレンジングバームの使い方を引っかかる人へ、
まさにわたしが使ってる使い方を教えますね。
わたしは１か月で１本づつ届く、DUOクレンジングバームの定期向きを
契約していて、現時点3回目線が届きました。
DUOクレンジングバームの使い方 大分DUOクレンジングバームを愛用しているので、
そろそろ使ってみようといった思ってる人には参考になると思います。
わたしは、お風呂に入って洗顔前に表情総てに付けるのが、
ルーチンになってます。 メイクや油シミが多いお天道様は、「シミが落ちてるーー(^^♪」って、
お風呂上がりに極めるので、気合上がります！
あとは毛穴のシミ落としに、実に効果があるので、
週間で1回ほど全身に使ってます。 DUOクレンジングバームの使い方続き 鎖骨の下、乳の谷間に黒ずみが多くできるので、
その汚れを落としたくて、くだりには書いてない使い方ところが、
DUOクレンジングバームを全身に使ってみた企業…
強い綺麗に黒ずみが落ちたので、それからDUOクレンジングバームを 全身にも使うようになりました＾＾ 一寸分量を使うので、静まりが手っ取り早いですがテカテカになったときの
エキサイトを知ってしまうと閉められませんよ＾＾ わたし のDUO クレンジングバームの使い方を書きましたが、 参考になれば嬉しいです。 因み にDUO クレンジングバームは楽天 やAmazonじゃなく、 公式インターネットが一番安いので、失敗しないでくださいね。
DUO クレンジングバーム が500円！？ DUO クレンジングバームが500円でやれるって本当なのでしょうか？
既存毎月分け前で3600円の一品だ。
DUO クレンジングバーム ただし依然として使ったことがなくてDUOクレンジングバームを使おうか
どうしようか耐える人のことを考えて、7お天道様分け前で500円というプレゼントが行われてある。
7お天道様分け前ではありますがわずか500円？と値段にひかれるかたは多いでしょう。
まったく使った仕打ちのないコスメティックスは厳しいものだと購入を迷ってしまいますが、
500円という富なら気軽に出すことができます。 そのため500円のお試しから購入を始めたく罹る気持ち持ち分かります。
けれどちょこっとお待ちください。 DUOクレンジングバームはそれ以外もクライアントの支出を
軽くすることが出来るプレゼントを行っています。
おすすめの施術が定期便を通じて、半額で購入講じるという施術だ。
プレゼントは２つ選ぶことはできません。
週間分け前を500円でするか、 それとも30お天道様分け前を1800円でする場合はどちらが有益なのでしょうか。
週間分け前500円を30お天道様分け前で換算しますと、その富は2000円を飛び越します。
けれども30お天道様分け前を購入すれば初回は半額で購入、しかも送料はかかりません。
プレゼントを２つ利用することはできませんから、
DUOクレンジングバームをどんどん安く手に入れたければ
500円のプレゼントから半額プレゼントを通じて下さい。
この場合、きっちり楽天やAmazonでなく公式インターネットで買って下さいね。
（※1度もDUOクレンジングバームを楽天やAmazonで買ってしまうと半額にはなりません。）
DUOクレンジングバームは公式がおすすめ！ DUOクレンジングバームで毛穴をキレイにしてイチゴ鼻とバイバイ！
DUOクレンジングバームで毛穴のシミをキレイにしてある人が増えています。
毛穴が開いて角栓ができるって、そのうち角栓は黒くなって吹き出物が目立ってくる。 ボツボツしたイチゴ鼻は鏡を見極めるたびに、嘆声をつきたくなるよね。 そんなときはクリーニングを変えてぐっすりお手入れをください。 イチゴ鼻に効果が高いおすすめのクリーニングがDUO クレンジングバームだ。 DUO クレンジングバームはいちご鼻におすすめ！ DUO クレンジングバームはただクリーニングすると言うだけでなく、 多くのビューティーマテリアルが入っていますからビューティー液という担当もあるのですが、 危険のイチゴ鼻にも大きな効果があります。 ではイチゴ鼻の原因を考えてみましょう。 イチゴ鼻のブツブツの原因は毛穴につまった角栓のシミだ。 毛穴に皮脂がたまれば角栓ができるのですが、 皮脂が多い鼻の部分はそれほど角栓ができ易く、 角栓が酸化すれば黒くなってイチゴ鼻になります。 イチゴ鼻の解消には毛穴手伝いが必要ですが、 毛穴のシミをきれいにしてくれるの がDUO クレンジングバームだ。 DUO クレンジングバームの中には毛穴よりも薄く作られた 自力成長の毛穴クリアカプセルが入っています。 DUO クレンジングバーム 毛穴クリアカプセルの中には、毛穴のシミを採り入れる清掃マテリアルって うるおいや弾力を送るビューティーマテリアルが入っています。 カプセルはスキンに馴染むと共に微粒子化され、 シミを絡め取ってうるおいや弾力を与えます。 なので、イチゴ鼻を手厚くマッサージすれば、シミや皮脂が詰まった毛穴の奥まで入り込んで イチゴ鼻の原因となっている黒いポツポツって絡め取りますから、 だんだんとイチゴ鼻は解消されていきます。 イチゴ鼻のシミはねちっこいから、取ろうと思うと著しいマテリアルでスキンを傷つけてしまうのでは？ と心配になりますが 、DUO クレンジングバームの中には励みがあるマテリアルは含まれていません。
DUO クレンジングバーム スクラブ剤やピーリングマテリアルなどは入っていませんし、 シミを浮かして絡め摂るという施術ですから、スキンに手厚く敏感肌においても安心して使えます。 イチゴ鼻が気になって何度もメニューやるけれど励みがあるだけで シミがきれいにならない、という方もとにかくお試し下さい。
DUO クレンジングバーム鼻メニューでキレイにならなかったパーソンにもおすすめ！
DUO クレンジングバームは効果残る？効果なし？マテリアルが気になる！
DUO クレンジングバームは効果があるのでしょうか？
また人気のクリーニング剤、DUOクレンジングバームには
どういうマテリアルが入っているのでしょうか。
コスメティックスを調べてみますとビューティー液には多くのビューティーマテリアルが入ったものが多いですが、
DUOクレンジングバームの中にはクリーニング剤とは思えないほど
効果の良いビューティーマテリアルが豊富に入っています。
DUOクレンジングバームのマテリアルの一つに、パルチミン酸エチルヘキシルがあります。
クリーニング剤の中には動きが良くてもべたつく商品もあるのですが、
バルチミン酸エチルヘキシルのおかげで、
DUOクレンジングバームはさっぱりした洗顔感覚を感じさせていただける効果があります。
DUO クレンジングバーム マテリアル その他にも 、DUO クレンジングバームに入っておるノバラ油には スキンのキメを集める効果がありますし、アンマロクフルーツエッセンスはビタミンCが豊富ですから、 ビタミンカバーに効果があります。 もう一度弾力をいじる効果がある西洋梨果汁発酵液など、 体躯やスキンに可愛いマテリアルが仰山入っているので、
DUO クレンジングバームは非常に効果がおっきいクリーニング剤だと確信できます。
DUO クレンジングバームの効果を調べてみますと、効果があるというほうが多い反面、 効果なしという人も居る。 しかし 、DUO クレンジングバームの使い方を調べてみますと、 効果なしだったという人は間違った使いかたを通じていました。
では1回に取り扱う分量に関しましてだ。 効果なしといった答えたパーソンの使い方を調べてみますと、1回に扱う分量を少なめにしていて、
引き伸ばすために余計な刺激を与えてしまうために肌荒れを起こしやすくなります。
多いかも？というかもしれませんが、 付きのスプーンで山積み山積みぐらいとって使うようとして下さい。
DUO クレンジングバーム クリーニングのときはマッサージしますが、そのマッサージもやりすぎてしまうと
DUOクレンジングバームの効果がナシとなってしまう。
マッサージは力を入れずに下部から上に円を描くようにして期間としては
一つの地点は1分け前ぐらいがアバウトだ。
落ちているかが気になってゴシゴシマッサージをしたのが原因で、 肌の状態を崩すことがありますから、十分に気をつけましょう。
DUO クレンジングバームはゴシゴシしては言語道断！ DUO クレンジングバームってマツエクしてても使えるの？ DUO クレンジングバームは、マツエクをしている人も使えるのでしょうか？ 毎日必要なクリーニングですが、マツエクやるほうが気になるのは、 クリーニングしたときにマツエクまで落ちてしまったらどうしよう、ということですよね。 毛穴の裏のシミまできちんとってくれてビューティー効果も厳しいDUOクレンジングバームは マツエクしていても使えるかに関して調べてみました。
DUO クレンジングバームはまつエクしてても助かるの！？ DUO クレンジングバームはマツエクに対応しているクリーニングだ。 マツエクに良くないのはオイル、または界面活性剤なのですが、
DUO クレンジングバームにはこれらのマテリアルは含まれていません。 目をクリーニングするときにバームがまつげに付いたらいかんせん？ と気になるでしょうが、液だれはありませんので、まつ毛に付くことはほとんどありませんし、 ダブル洗顔不要のクリーニングですから表情を二ごと洗う結果 マツエクが取れやすくなる、という事柄もない結果安心です。
DUO クレンジングバームのお試しモニター価格！ DUO クレンジングバームをお試しするなら、モニター価格の時がおすすめだ。
DUO クレンジングバームが気になっていて使ってみようかどうしようか 耐えるなら朗報です。 お試しモニター価格は楽天 やAmazonでは取り扱ってません。 知らない人も多いんですが、 目下 、DUOクレンジングバームの公式インターネットで、
既存価格毎月分け前3600円のDUOクレンジングバームが、
半額の1800円で購入適うのです。 DUO クレンジングバーム DUOクレンジングバームの定期便を申込んだなら、
お試しモニターとして初回の富は1800円になります。
プレゼント価格だから見逃すと損をしてしまうよ。
DUOクレンジングバームのお試しモニターの申し込みをするためには、
公式インターネットから依頼が必要です。 ※楽天やAmazonではやってないので注意して下さい。
公式インターネットを開いて定期便の購入リンクを押せば、通常の半額で始められますよ。
初回は半額けれども2回めが高くなってしまうのでは？と心配な方もいらっしゃるでしょうが、
2回目線以降の購入についてもDUOクレンジングバームは20%ディスカウント、
しかも各回送料は無料となっています。 また定期便ですと依然使い切っていないうちに
次のものが送付向かうことがあるのでは？って心配になりますよね？
もOK！DUOクレンジングバームの定期便は2回目線以降ならば、
お届け隔たりを引き伸ばすこともできますから、自分に合わせた使い方ができますよ。
DUOクレンジングバームは定期購入がおすすめ！
DUOクレンジングバーム初めてのパーソンは、お試しモニターとして半額で使えるだけでなく、
現在はプレゼント消息筋ですので、サンプル組合せの贈り物まであります。
サンプル組合せは見物行動などにも使えるので、あると便利ですよね。
DUOクレンジングバームのお試しモニターのプレゼントは
期間限定となっていますから、 買おうかどうしようか耐えるうちに終わってしまうかも。
DUOクレンジングバームならば払い戻し証拠が付いていますから
もし肌に合わないなどの理由で、辞めることになっても返金していける。
耐えるうちにプレゼントが終了してしまって、
半額のモニター価格まずは、お試し出来なくなってしまったらがっかりです。
半額で利用できるうちに、それではお試しとしてDUOクレンジングバームの 定期便を購入ください。 DUOクレンジングバームは楽天やAmazonでなく、お試し価格で買えちゃう
公式でチェックしてください。 DUOクレンジングバームクリアにおいて！
DUOクレンジングバームから毛穴の湿疹などが気になっているパーソンのために
作られたクリーニングが、DUOクレンジングバームクリアだ。
DUO クレンジングバーム クリーニングだけでなく、洗顔、角質手伝い、マッサージ手伝い、
そうしてトリートメントの活動を持っているDUOクレンジングバームクリアを使えば、
ビューティーマテリアルもガンガン配合されていますので、毛穴のシミも取れて美肌を保つことができます。
使い勝手も弱くグレープフルーツのアロマが気持ち良い>DUOクレンジングバームクリアだが、
DUOクレンジングバームと比べますと、 公式WEBから注文しても既存価格3600円のところを2880円ですから、
ゆとりオフはされていません。 DUO クレンジングバームですと初回は半額で始めることができます！
DUO クレンジングバームクリアから使い始めるくらいならば、
ではDUOクレンジングバームから始めたほうが良いかも。 楽天 やAmazonも安くなってません。 また1回も、DUOクレンジングバームを楽天やAmazonで買ってるといった
安い値段で買えなくなるので注意して下さい。
DUOクレンジングバームの販売店舗ならどこが最安値？
DUO クレンジングバームの販売店舗( 市販 ) はどこが最安値？ お肌のお手入れで、重要なことの一つが
「
汚れを除去する仕打ち」だ。 そこで自分が注目したのが 、DUO クレンジングバームだ。 クリーニングから、マッサージまでできる、お得なクレンジングバームですが、
DUO クレンジングバームの最安値において調べてみました。
DUO はお店で選べる？ DUO クレンジングバームの販売店舗を探してみると、ロフトやモール、 ちっちゃなコスメティックス準備店舗など多彩に渡ります。 他のスキンケア器機は、 「 公式インターネットしか買えない 」 「メールオーダーサイトしか売っていない」など、
「 準備ショップが少ない」というデメリットがありますが、
DUOクレンジングバームは、準備ショップが多く、市販などショップで払えるのは助かります。 また、楽天やamazonなど一流メールオーダーサイトも準備があります。
スキンのくすみや毛穴の開きは、まず気がついてしまうと気になって仕方ありません。
お化粧で隠そうとしても隠せませんので、
鏡で表情をうつしたときに、気がつくとがっかりしてしまうよね。
そんなときにおすすめのクリーニングがDUOクレンジングバームなのですが、
毎日積み重ねるものですから多少なりとも安く購入したいですよね。
DUOクレンジングバームを最安値で購入出来るのは楽天でしょうか？それともAmazonでしょうか？
DUOクレンジングバームは楽天やAmazonも対処がありました。
楽天で購入する場合の最安値は3888円、
DUO クレンジングバーム 楽天 楽天での価格を基準に比較していきます。 では楽天の次は 、Amazonで検索してみます。 する とAmazonで購入する場合は3300円で取り扱われていました。
DUO クレンジングバーム amazon する とDUOクレンジングバームは、楽天によっ てAmazonで購入講じる施術が最安値？ と思ってしまいますが、もう最安値で貰う施術があるんです！ 楽天やAmazonから最安値で、DUOクレンジングバームを購入するには
公式WEBからが最安値だ。 既存購入の場合は、送料専用、税別で3600円のDUOクレンジングバームですが、
定期便で頼む場合は初回半額の1800円で購入出来るんです。
しかも通常は送料として600円がなる企業、定期便の場合は送料無料、
再びお得なサンプル組合せの贈り物まであります。 どうですか？楽天時やAmazonの送料無料を考えても、
DUOクレンジングバーム公式インターネットが、圧倒的にお得ですよね！
DUO クレンジングバーム 公式 いくら初回が半額それでも、2回め以降が高くなるようでは最安値でないのでは？
と考えてしまいますが、DUOクレンジングバームの定期便は2回目線以降も
20%ディスカウントの富となっていますので、楽天やAmazonによって安いことがわかります。
定期購入だと月額届けられてしまうのでは？と心配になりますが、
DUOクレンジングバームの定期便は2回目線以降は届けお天道様についても改訂可能ですので、縛りは少ないです。
DUOクレンジングバームは気になっているので、先ず試してみたいについては、 楽天やAmazonではなく、最安値の公式WEBで購入ください。 公式の通販WEBからでなければ、サンプル贈り物などの重宝は得られませんよ。
半額の1800円で始めることができますから、お試し感覚で気楽に始めましょう。 楽天やAmazonで購入前に、気付けてラッキーでしたね＾＾
DUOザクレンジングバーム公式インターネットはこちら↓
http://duo-cosmetics.com/
DUOクレンジングバームは公式インターネットがお得！ 前もってDUOクレンジングバーム公式インターネットで購入するのが最安値だ。
DUO がオフ価格で選べる 公式インターネットが最安値なのは、ショップやメールオーダーサイトだと、
卸値が鳴るので、少々割高になります。 たとえば、DUOクレンジングバーム公式インターネットだと、既存価格が3600円となっていますが、
楽天を例に検索をかけると、最安値も3888円という288円も高くなります。
DUOクレンジングバーム公式インターネットなら初回お試しだと、
半額の1800円でサンプルが付きます。 また、定期便だと2回目線から2割り引きになりますし、送料がかかりません。
女性にとりましてスキンケア器機は、毎日取り扱うものですし、
買い忘れなどを防ぐのを考えると、DUOクレンジングバーム公式で、
定期向きを頼んだほうがきっちりお得と言えます。 とにかく楽天やAmazonで買うと割高になるので注意してくださいね。
DUOクレンジングバームが安いのはどちら？（2017歳お知らせ）
DUO クレンジングバームが安いのは どこで購入した場合でしょうか？ DUO クレンジングバームは web通販の楽天 やAmazon、 公式インターネットで購入できます。 一層ロフト、ルミネなどのショップも 選べるので、どこが最高安いのか 気になる人も多いだ 。 2017 歳 現在のお知らせでは、 公式インターネットが一番安いだ。 楽天 やAmazonよりもはっきり安いだ。 テクスチャーが気になり 無性に一度確かめたい人もある。 そういったパーソンは、 ゆとり大きい声では言えませんが、 それではショップで試して、 安い公式インターネットで購入するのが おすすめな施術だ。 DUO ザクレンジングバーム公式インターネットはこちら ↓
http://duo-cosmetics.com/
DUOクレンジングバームを楽天とAmazonで購入しても、重宝はついて欠けるので、公式インターネットを通じて下さい。
DUOクレンジングバームは薬局（ドラッグストア）で払える？
DUOクレンジングバームは薬局（ドラッグストア）で選べるのか？
最初に解答から言うと、DUOクレンジングバームは、
薬局（ドラッグストア）で購入出来ません！
DUOクレンジングバームはドラッグストアや薬局それではもらえません！
マツモトキヨシやサンドラッグなど、大手の薬局けれども準備がありません。
リアルショップで、あるのは、 DUOクレンジングバームの公式ショップのみになります。
全国にショップがあって、わたしがいる都内だと、
マルイやロフト、ルミネ、などのでかいビルのテナントに入ってますね。
DUO クレンジングバームはルミネにおける 但し、実際のお店まずは公式インターネットのように半額でもらえません！ ので注意してください。 また楽天 やAmazon で1度も、購入してしまうと、 半額で買えなくなるので、こちらも注意してください。 楽天 やAmazonの時が、、というかも知れませんが、 半額で手に入るので、楽天 やAmazonよりも、 圧倒的 にDUOクレンジングバーム公式インターネットが安いですよ！
DUOクレンジングバームはショップで行える？ DUOクレンジングバームはショップで試すことができるのでしょうか？
またショップはどこにあるのでしょうか？ 調べてみました。 DUO クレンジングバーム DUOクレンジングバームは近頃流行っている 楽天 やAmazonなどweb通販だけのコスメティックスって違い、
多くのショップでまさに試すことができます。 ロフトやルミネをはじめ、 ざっと全国のショップで DUOクレンジングバームを試すことができます。 明るいショップデータベースはこちら
https://www.duo.jp/shoplist/
また残念ながら、 ドラッグストアには 置いてありません… うち注意点があって、 DUO クレンジングバームはショップで試せますが、 DUO クレンジングバームクリアは置いてありません。 ただ、クリアの方も 少しずつ人気が高くなっているので、 今後はショップに置かれる危険はありますね。 DUO クレンジングバームの楽天での価格は？ DUO クレンジングバームを楽天で買う前に監視 ！
DUOクレンジングバームは、@コスメや衣装マガジンも、 やけに評価が良いクレンジングバームだ。
DUOクレンジングバームの購入は楽天やAmazonなどwebも扱っています。
楽天での購入で調べてみても、たくさんの店で扱っています。
DUOクレンジングバームの楽天SHOP
DUOクレンジングバーム準備楽天SHOP
たとえば、ケンコーコム、楽天２４、東急ハンズ、@コスメ店、HAC、 他にも多数の店でDUOクレンジングバームを扱っています。
楽天での価格は統一して、税込\３８８８ですが、ケンコーコムという楽天２４では送料無料だ。
他の楽天店は送料かかかります。 ボリューム評価 のDUO クレンジングバーム、いよいよ楽天でお得に手に入れたいですよね。 取り分 けDUO クレンジングバームとか、送料無料は大きな差がつきます。 やはり送料無料の店を選びますが、仮に定期類に購入する時は、 楽天じゃなく 、DUO クレンジングバーム公式インターネットからの購入が、 一番お得なのをご存知でしたか？ DUO クレンジングバームは公式インターネットが一番有益ってほんと！？ 初めて購入わたるなら半額、送料無料でお試し行える望ましい重宝があります。 もしスキンに合わなくても 、DUO クレンジングバームなら全お墨付き！ そうしてひと月の使用で潤いしたら、正邪定期購入を通じてください。
誠に２０百分率オフという、一緒に購入した売り物も１０百分率オフ、
そうして送料まで無料です！ ２８８０円で、税込３１１０円だけです。 これは楽天買い物で、各回購入始めるによって始終お得なのです。
継続して購入していると、贈り物も買えちゃある。 楽しみですよね～ 私も始終おんなじコスメティックスを公式インターネットから購入していますが、
こんなにもお得なのはようやく聞きました。 わたしもDUOクレンジングバーム乗り換えました♪
DUOクレンジングバームは、楽天やAmazonでなく、
公式インターネットからの定期購入が何よりお得ですよ。 限り、DUOクレンジングバームの楽天での価格にあたってでした。
楽天まずは時なんかも利用できますが、それよりは予め公式インターネットの方がお得です。
DUOクレンジングバームは男性それでも使えますか？
DUOクレンジングバームは男性それでもおすすめなのでしょうか？
DUOクレンジングバームは男性けれども助かるの！？
最近は女性だけでなく、男性も美意識が高くなり、
洗顔チャージだけでなく、ファンデーションなどもメンズ行動が発売されています。
男性用の商品もいいですが、女性用のクリーニングを使うと、
種類が多く、メイク落としも兼ねているものが多いので、
油分の多い男性のスキンに、どうしても見合うので、女性用を使うことをオススメします。
その中でもおすすめなのが、DUOクレンジングバームになります！
本当はわたしの男子も随時使ってます！ DUOクレンジングバームは男性だって使えます！
そんなに使うと、自分が叱るので、わたしの気分が良い場合という狙って使ってるようです(笑)
DUO クレンジングバームによる後の、ポイントや湿気が気に入ってるそうで、 毛穴のシミも目立たなくなるので、気に入ってると言ってました。 なので毛穴の黒ずみを改善したい、脂性の表情を何とかしたい、 男性のパーソンは 、DUO クレンジングバームにおいてみるといいですよ！ 購入する際は、楽天 やAmazonでなく 、 DUOクレンジングバームの公式インターネットでGETしてください。 1度も楽天やAmazonで買ってしまうと、半額にならないので、 注意してくださいね！ DUOクレンジングバームはニキビスキンに使ってもＯＫ？ DUOクレンジングバームはニキビけれども使っていいのでしょうか？
最初に解答を言うと、 大丈夫です！！ DUOクレンジングバームは、マテリアル類にとってもきめ細かいのに、
きれいにシミが落ちる結果人気だ。 なので、面皰が出来ている、敏感肌に使っても、
他の洗顔チャージよりも安心ですよ。 またDUOクレンジングバームを使ったら、ニキビが改善した人も多いので、
こちらの効果にも期待できます＾＾ DUOクレンジングバームでいちご鼻を上達！ DUOクレンジングバームはいちご鼻を改善できるって人気だ！
なんで今までの洗顔それでは、イチゴ鼻がキレイにならないのか？
DUOクレンジングバームのよさ それはキツイクリーニングの場合、 スキンに必要な油分や湿気まで、落としてしまうから！
ないクリーニングの場合、 メイク汚れを落としきれずに、毛穴にふさがるから！
落としすぎても、優しすぎても、イチゴ鼻は上達できないんです。
その相反する効果を可能にしたのが、DUOクレンジングバームです(^^♪
DUOクレンジングバームでいちご鼻を上達
こういう湿気を逃さず、毛穴のシミをぐっすり取ってくれるので、
DUOクレンジングバームは超人気のロングセラーになったんです。
DUOクレンジングバームでいちご鼻を治す いちご鼻を改善したいなら、DUOクレンジングバームをお試しください。
1回で効果を感じると思いますよ。 DUOクレンジングバームのタイミングは何時がいい？
DUOクレンジングバームのタイミングは、 いつ使うのが最高効果が大きいのでしょうか？
調査しました。 一番良いのは、お風呂に入ったときの、 洗顔前のタイミングだ。 今まではお風呂にはいって、 洗顔していたタイミングで、 DUO クレンジングバームを使うことになります。 また口コミやレビューで、 DUO クレンジングバームのすすぎを 打ち切るタイミングで面食らうというのがありました。 これは 、DUO クレンジングバームを すすいだお湯が透明になる タイミングで大丈夫です。 独特のテクスチャーなので、 初めは慣れないかもしれませんが、 効果はばっちりなので、 安心して使ってください。 しかも、楽天 やAmazonではなく、 公式インターネットなら払い戻し証拠もついているので、
通常０円で試すことができます。 限り、DUOクレンジングバームのタイミングにあたってでした。
DUOクレンジングバームの総括 DUOクレンジングバームについての総括だ。
DUO クレンジングバーム 毛穴のシミで毛穴が開いてしまいイチゴ鼻になって耐える、
あるいは近頃スキンがくすみ気味だという場合にぜひとも試していただきたい
のがDUOクレンジングバームだ。 DUOクレンジングバームが有名なので、楽天やAmazonなど スマフォをいじってるといった、見ることが多いですね。
DUOクレンジングバームは、メイクを断然減らすことが出来るのに
カサつかないし、メイクを減らすときにゴシゴシ力を入れなくても
手厚くマッサージすれば一気に下がるといった
口コミそれでも効果が大きいクリーニングとして高名が高いです。
DUOクレンジングバームの効果の高さはマテリアルを見てもわかります。
バルチミン酸エチルヘキシルはさっぱりした洗顔感覚を約束してくれますし、
ノバラ油はキメを整えていただける。 アンマロク果汁エッセンス、そして欧米皆無果汁発酵液などは、
弾力を守って美肌製作に効果を発揮します。
DUOクレンジングバームの中に含まれているマテリアルもどれも
スキンに手厚くビューティー効果のおっきい商品ばかりですので、
皆がメイク落としができただけでなく ビューティー液と同じ効果を得たと喜んでいます。
DUOクレンジングバームはビューティー液効果も 一度、DUOクレンジングバームにおいてみたいけれど
まずお試しから始めたいというかたにおすすめなのが、
定期便の支出だ。 ※楽天 やAmazonで買う前に読んでください
定期便をいよいよ利用するパーソンはお試しで、 初回は半 額 の1800 円で購入ができます。 送料も無料になっていますし、2回目線以降も安く購入できますから、
DUOクレンジングバームの定期便はおすすめですよ。 通販の一品ですので、楽天やAmazonからの購入を考える人もいらっしゃるでしょうが、 楽天やAmazonですと、半額というおためし価格で購入できませんので、
公式WEBで注文する定期便が最安値ですよ。 （お試しモニター価格は初回向けなので、1度楽天やAmazonで買ってしまうと適応されません）
定期便ので続けられなかったらいかんせん。。。
という気になる方もいらっしゃるでしょうが、
DUOクレンジングバームは30日間払い戻し証拠も付いていますから、
もし肌に合わないなどの理由で続けられなかったとしても問題ありません。
プレゼントでサンプル組合せの贈り物もありますので、
DUOクレンジングバームが気持ちにあっという間に、定期便ででは毎月お試し下さい。
DUOクレンジングバームではひと月お試し DUOクレンジングバームを貰うなら楽天やAmazonでなく、 定期向きを利用しましょう。 DUOクレンジングバームは角栓取り外しに効果とある？
DUOクレンジングバームに角栓を取り去る効果は居残るんでしょうか。
コスメティック脈絡最大手インターネット、＠コスメティックのDUOクレンジングバームのWEBで
角栓に関しまして書いてある口コミをまとめてみました。
DUOクレンジングバームは角栓出来るの 誠にその他クレンジングカテゴリで種類１前後 しかも口コミ個数が３６００トピック限り スゴイ人気がうかがえます...。
洗い流した後はツルッツル！ 鼻を触ってみると、角栓の外見がきれいに取り去れてる！
最初の初回で効果を実感できました！ その一括払いしか効果がなかったなんてこともなくて、
毎日洗顔のときにテカテカになるのがわかりました！
DUOクレンジングバーム、今や２歳限り愛用してます。
スクラブが入ってないから角栓はきれいに取ってくれないだろうな～と思っていました が、DUOクレンジングバームには素晴らしい意味で注目を裏切られました。。。
なんでこうしたテクスチャなのに角栓がきれいにできるんでしょうね。 不思議です。。。 手に取ったときは固体なのに、塗り広げると液体になる。
そんな明るいコスメティックはいよいよだ！ バームって洗い流したのちも油っぽく向かう見方があったんですが、
DUO クレンジングバームはそんなことなくて鼻の角栓までキレイに取っていただける。 最高です どの口コミを見ても 、 「
角栓取れた！」というほうが多かったです。
角栓が取れれば毛穴は広がってしまうので、お風呂から出たのちに
収れん効果のある化粧水などを貼るという一段と毛穴が目立たなくなりますよ。
そもそもスクラブで必ずこすって角栓をとるのはスキンに目茶苦茶悪いことらしいです。 なのでDUOクレンジングバームみたいに溶かして落とすというのが
スキンに不安もかけなくていい系。 DUOクレンジングバームで洗顔した次の朝、 メイクの状況の良さに驚かされました。 DUOクレンジングバームはメイクのりが良くなる！
何とか使ったその時から効果を実感できるのが
DUOクレンジングバームの凄い企業です。
鼻の角栓が気になっているパーソンにはDUOクレンジングバームをとってもおすすめ行なう！ 楽天やAmazonから貰うのではなく DUOクレンジングバーム公式インターネットなら半額で貰えちゃあるよ♪ 楽天とAmazonでは重宝もつきません。 DUOクレンジングバームを解約やる施術 DUOクレンジングバームの解約施術を紹介していきます。
お届け隔たりを遅くしたり速くしたりもできて、
分量を付け足したりもできるのですが、 スキンに合わなかったとか、とうに度合いが良くなってきたからOKかも って時折解約できます！ 解約施術は カスタマーセンターに電話するか、 webのアカウントからカスタマーセンターにお問い合わせスタイルで 尋ねるかの二つだ。 DUOクレンジングバームの解約は簡単！ 自分は電話が苦手なので、もしも解約するならお問い合わせスタイルからかなって思います
未だに解約するつもりはないんですけどね。
カスタマーセンターの電話番号は D.U.O.カスタマーセンター
フリーダイヤル：0120-557-020（受付期間9:00～21:00／年末年始省く） となっております。 webのマイアカウントからの解約依頼は
【1】マイアカウントへログインする。 【2】「定期便の対比・変更はこちら」によって「お届け一品の改訂」をプッシュ
【3】インフォメーション通りに進めて解約！ という流れになります。 解約しなくても一品のお届間を極度２ヶ月に伸ばしたり、
次回のお届けをお休みすることもできるので、 本当に解約しちゃってOKかどうかしだいに考えてみて下さい！
ですが、定期便を解約したとしてもまた続開することはとれるみたいなので
解約始める強みもデメリットもないのかなって感じです。 間もなくDUOクレンジングバームを購入しようと思っているパーソンは、
解約施術を先に知っておくと安心して買えますよね
DUOクレンジングバームの解約施術を知っておくと楽
電話での解約ところが、あまり引き止められたりということも無く
粛々と解約できたそうです。 簡単にいつでも解約できますのでぜひDUOクレンジングバームにおいて
毛穴や角栓をキレイにしてください。 DUOクレンジングバームを半額で試せちゃう施術ってなに
DUOクレンジングバームを元値の半額で購入望める施術をヒソヒソ紹介します
DUOクレンジングバームって口コミの高名はいいし、効果もあるみたいで気持ちになってるけど
元値の３６００円は少々おっきい...。
DUOクレンジングバームの元値って高くない としていたパーソンに朗報です。 DUOクレンジングバームを半額で手に入れる施術って？ 楽天で貰うかAmazonで貰うか？ いや、本当は公式インターネットから貰うのが最高安いんです
ドッサリひと月分の本一品が最良払い戻しお墨付きで ３６００円から半額の １８００ 円 しかし、ようやくDUOクレンジングバームを購入やるパーソン１人につき一括払いまで こういうDUOクレンジングバーム半額プレゼントは定期購入の初回限定の付きになっています。
２回目線以降も２０百分率ディスカウントのお得価格で購入見込める♪ 楽天やAmazonでDUOクレンジングバームを単品購入そうなるともちろん半額にはなりません。
２０百分率ディスカウントにもならないので気をつけてください。
公式インターネットから半額の１８００円で購入するのがDUOクレンジングバームの最安値になります！
DUOクレンジングバーム半額プレゼントデータベース！
しかしこのプレゼントは何時成し遂げるかわかりません。
公式インターネットを見て半額になっていなかったら、とっくに終了したについてになるのでご注意。
DUO クレンジングバームを朝扱うのはやめた方がいい！？
DUO クレンジングバームを朝の洗顔で扱うのはよくない と聞きますが本当なんでしょうか。 DUO クレンジングバームは朝使っちゃダメなの！？ 確か にDUO クレンジングバームは朝扱うことを ゆとりオススメできません。 なぜなら、朝使うことで必要な皮脂まで洗い流してしまうからだ。 すると昼スキンが乾燥してしまって、 皮脂が足りなくなるとスキンの警備活動が働いて からたくさんの皮脂を醸し出すようになり表情がテカって仕舞う、 といったデメリットが生まれてしまいます。 朝の洗顔におすすめ望むのが、 同じ くDUO から発売されている、 「 DUO ザ フォーム 」だ。 DUO クレンジングバームは朝オススメできません！
泡で出てきてくれるのでお忙しい朝けれども 敢然と洗顔することができます。 コッテリ炭酸泡で、朝のむくみがちな表情の血行を良くしてくれて、
くすんですスキンをぱっぱと明るくしてくれます。
毛穴のシミも固着できるので化粧乗りも良くなります。
１００円玉も乗せられる濃厚泡を必ずお試し下さい。
DUOクレンジングバームを朝使ってもいいですが、
おっきいのに利用が早くなってしまうので、 そちらも注意が必要ですね。 DUOクレンジングバームホワイトの効果は？
DUOクレンジングバームホワイトの効果はどうなのでしょうか。
DUOクレンジングバームホワイトの効果は DUOクレンジングバームホワイトは、くすみが取れると評判の クレンジングバームだ。 いままでのDUOクレンジングバームに「ガスール」という
くすみを取れるマテリアルが配合されています。
DUOクレンジングバームホワイトと普通の商品との違いは
そのガスールにおけるといえます。 ではなぜ必ずしもガスールの効果がもの凄くのでしょうか。
ガスールはなんなのかに関して調べてみました。
ガスールは、固着技能に優れた モロッコの自然クレイ（粘土）だ。
DUOクレンジングバームホワイトはモロッコガスール実践
メイクをなくしながら古臭い角質や、酸化した皮脂、黒ずみなど
毒素を綺麗に固着して落とすことができます。 そういったDUOクレンジングバームホワイトは、現在
DUOクレンジングバームよりも売れてるらしいです！
DUOクレンジングバームホワイトはガスールが入っているから
色あいがまばら灰色くさい。 もっとクレイだけでなく新鮮含有のビューティーマテリアルも新たに配合したとのことで、 いままで普通のものを使っていたパーソンはできるだけ一度 DUO クレンジングバームホワイトを試してください！ DUO クレンジングバームがいつもより固い！？ DUO クレンジングバームがいつもより固い！そんなことっているんでしょうか！？
DUO クレンジングバームがいつもより固い！？ 今月届い たDUO クレンジングバーム。 さっそ くDUO クレンジングバームにおいてみようからには 「 あれ？なんか固い 」 お冷房も規定だし、昨日まで使ってたものは
なおさら柔らかかっただ。 新品だからこれ程固いのか。 それとも何かマテリアルが変わったのか。
なんて思いながら気になりすぎたので DUOクレンジングバームの患者さまセンターに電話してみました。
DUOクレンジングバームは自然始まりマテリアルドッサリ すると、 「 自然始まりマテリアルを手広く使用している結果、
資材の発達現況などによりごつくなったり柔らかくなったり行なう。 」 とのこと。 DUOクレンジングバームが生きてるみたいに感じて、 なんてもう愛着がわきました♪ DUOクレンジングバームのサンプルが貰えるプレゼント！
DUOクレンジングバームのサンプルグッズっているんでしょうか。
DUOクレンジングバームのサンプルってあるの？
まさに購入する前にサンプルで試すことができたらうれしいですよね！
DUOクレンジングバームにサンプルがあるのか探してみました！
すると、 DUO クレンジングバームにサンプルはない！ ことがわかりました...。 しかし、DUOクレンジングバーム初回プレゼントで購入そうすると、 誠にDUOのスキンケアサンプル組合せが買えちゃうんです！ サンプルセットでDUOの他の品物を試してみて、
気に入ったら用い続けたいですよね！ しかも潤いできなかったら全返金して頂けるというのも 有難い！ DUOクレンジングバームのサンプル払い戻し証拠
DUOの他の一品を買ってみて、使ったら思って依存効果がなかった、
なんてことがないようにクレンジングバームにあたって来るサンプルにおいて
試しておきたいですね。 DUOクレンジングバームのサンプルはありませんでしたが、
買ったときにサンプルグッズが付いてくる、というプレゼント、
これはページ向け系。 なの でDUO クレンジングバームのサンプルがほしいパーソンは公式インターネットから購入ください！
DUO クリーニングの種類は複数いるの？ DUO クレンジングシリーズの種類はどれくらいあるのでしょうか。
DUO クレンジングバームの種類は？ 本当は 、DUO クリーニングの種 類 は４ 種類あります。 普通の 「 クレンジングバーム」の他に 「 お試し容積のクレンジングバーム 」 「 クレンジングバー ム クリア 」 「 クレンジングバー ム ホワイト 」 の ４ 種類だ 。 クリアと普通のクレンジングバームの違いは ・アロマ クレンジングバーム：ローズ精油 クリア：グレープフルーツ精油 ・洗顔立ち クレンジングバーム：しっとりタイプでぐっすりすすぎが大切 クリア：サッパリタイプですすぎ控え目で大丈夫 ・マテリアル クレンジングバー ム
：３１種類のエイジングケアマテリアル包含。 クリア：３１種類の毛穴手伝いマテリアル包含。
となっており、エイジングケア望むのか、毛穴手伝い望むのかで どの種類のDUOクリーニングを選ぶか決めてみてはいかがでしょうか。
DUOクレンジングバームに悪評は生じる？ DUOクレンジングバームの悪評ってあるのでしょうか？
DUOクレンジングバームの悪評 自分は使い始めてすぐに効果を捉え始めて、今でもDUOクレンジングバームを愛用してある。
ただ、他の人が使ってみてDUOクレンジングバームの悪評を口コミで書いている人がいるのか気になったので見つけました。
パフォーマンス… 口コミインターネット、メールオーダーサイトの口コミなどいろいろ見つけ出しましたが、DUOクレンジングバームの悪評はありませんでした。
勿論全ての口コミやレビューで良いことが書かれているわけではなかったですが、悪評になる感じはありませんでした。
ここまで腹一杯悪評にあたって調べたのはついにだったので、DUOクレンジングバームの悪評がたくさんだったらいかんせんといった脈でしたが笑 まさに皆がDUOクレンジングバームで効果を感じていて、愛用していたので楽しました。
ただ、なんとなくスキンに合わなかったという口コミもあったので、そういった場合は早めに取り扱うのをやめた方がいいですね。（全ての人に見合うものはないので…）
クリーニングで悩んでいたり、ひときわ簡単に効果類にやりたいと思っているなら、DUOクレンジングバームがおすすめだ。 目下公式インターネットで20百分率ディスカウントのプレゼントを通してある。 （楽天やAmazonよりも断固お得です。） しかもDUOクレンジングバームは払い戻し証拠も付いているので、安心してお試しできます。
プレゼントが成し遂げる前に初めて試してみてくださいね。
公式インターネット：http://duo-cosmetics.com/
（※ボタンが開かない時、プレゼントは終了してある。ご了承ください。）
DUOクレンジングバームとマナラホットクレンジングゲルをがっつり比較！
DUO クレンジングバーム VS マナラホットクレンジングゲルの比較をがっつりしてみた！
DUO ザクレンジングバームって比較 アットコスメで人気 のDUO クレンジングバームというマナラホットクレンジングゲルをコスパ、テクスチャー、使い感覚、口コミなど徹底的に比較してみました！ 価格比較 では 、DUO クレンジングバームというマナラの価格を比較してみます。
DUO クレンジングバーム マナラホットクレンジングゲル 一品 duoザクレンジングバーム マナラホットクレンジングゲル 一種サイズ 90 g ( 1か月分け前 ) 200g ( 2か月 ) 既存価格 3,600 円 4,104 円 初回価格 1,800 円 ( 送料無料 ) 2,990 円 ( ＋630円 ) 払い戻し証拠 全払い戻し証拠 45 日 間払い戻し証拠 マテリア ル
31種類ビューティー保湿マテリアル( ヒアルロン酸、ビタミ ンC誘導体、セラミド、プルーンエキスなど )
ヒアルロン酸、コラーゲン、セラミドなど91.3%のビューティーマテリアル 公式インターネッ ト http://duo-cosmetics.com/
https://www.manara.jp/ パッと見、「マナラの方がお得」というかもしれませんが、ここは冷静に考えましょう。(笑)
マナラは1本2990円で送料がかかります。 は、3,620円で1か月のコストが1,810円とおよそDUOクレンジングバームといった変わりありません。 しかも、DUOクレンジングバームの方が全払い戻し証拠がついているので、安心して始められます。
テクスチャー、使い感覚など比較 次に 、DUO クレンジングバームといったマナラのテクスチャーや使い感覚などを比較行なう。
DUO クレンジングバームは、ジャー品の入れ物に入っていて、まばら固めのアイスという感じです。 なので 、DUO クレンジングバームはパッと見だと、「 固いか らOKかなぁ」と思いますが、こういう気持ち持ちががらっと変わります。
DUOクレンジングバームを手のひらにのせるって温かさでトロけて赴き、ぱっと乳液状になります。
表情に塗るといった、乳液を伸ばしている感覚で、繊細でプラスがまったく良いです。
DUOクレンジングバームは、メイク落ちがものすごく良くて、柔らかくマッサージそうするとメイクが浮き出してくるのが可愛くわかります。
お肌のざらつきもなくなります。 すすぎはぬめりイメージがあることがあるので、しっかり目にします。
洗顔あがりは、すっかりとしてますが乾燥することも無く、お肌はしっとり。
一方、マナラホットクレンジングゲルは、チューブ品の入れ物で、オレンジ色あいで粘り気のある固めのジェル。
こちらは、方法の温かさで蕩けるよりは、練って柔らかくするって感じですね。
表情に塗ってみると、いまだにちょこっとごつくて柔らかくマッサージ望むけど、多少プラスが悪いのでやっぱりスキンに負担をかけてある感想…。
DUOクレンジングバームに比べると、化粧が浮いて現れる感想があまりなくて、ちょい気苦労。(笑)
期間をかければ下がるのですが、軽々しいメイクならいいけど、ほんのりがっつりメイクの場合はこれ1つでは足りないのかなって感じですね。
口コミ比較 次はDUOクレンジングバームといったマナラの口コミの比較を通じてみます。
DUO クレンジングバームは…↓ DUOザクレンジングバームのアットコスメ口コミ
口コミ個数は4000トピックを乗り越え、クリーニングランクは1前後。
口コミ評価も5時限りとかなりのボリューム評価になっています。
DUOクレンジングバームの口コミを読んでみると、黒ずみ・イチゴ鼻・ニキビ・毛穴の角栓などに効果を実感しているゲストが多いです。
DUOクレンジングバームはテクスチャーも柔らかくて、なじみが可愛く、使いやすいという声が多いですね。
一方、マナラホットクレンジングゲルは↓ マナラクレンジングホットゲ ル
口コミ個 数 は1200 近くで、クレンジングジェルランキングでは6前後となかなか。(笑)
口コミ評価は4時といった普通レベル。 マナラホットクレンジングゲルの口コミを読むと、そこそこ効果を感じている方たちはいますが、どうもイチゴ鼻の上達効果ができた人はいなそうだ。
そうして、自分が感じたように、使い感覚にある程度切歯扼腕を持つ人が多いかなぁという印象です。
効果や知覚パーソンは個人差があるので、何とも言えないのですが、まさにDUOクレンジングバームってマナラを比べた私の手答えとしては…
毛穴の黒ずみやイチゴ鼻の上達効果、使い感覚から、DUOクレンジングバームをおすすめ行なう！って感じですね。
DUOクレンジングバームは楽天とAmazonだと既存価格応対だ。 楽天やAmazonの時や売り出しなどを利用すれば安くなっても、それよりも安く・送料無料・払い戻し証拠がついてお得なのは公式インターネットだ。 楽天やAmazonでDUOクレンジングバームを購入しては、この重宝はついていません。
2019歳4毎月15お天道様 置換 D.U.O.ザクレンジングバームの口コミが気になる？レビュー2種類比較も！
DUO ザ クレンジングバー ム 口コミ 毛穴 使い方 d.u.o クリーニングレビュー とろける使い感覚が独特で、女性誌や口コミそれでも見る「 D.U.O. ザ クレンジングバーム 」 。 話題のクレンジングバームにおいて、
「じつはどうなの？」って関心を持っている方も多いのではないでしょうか。
そこで今回は、スキン場合ぶ手直し部がD.U.O. ザ クレンジングバームを試したレビューをご紹介します。 実際の使用イメージを知りたくて口コミを調べているパーソンは必見です！ 中身 1 . D.U.O. ザ クレンジングバーム｜品物データベース 2 . D.U.O. ザ クレンジングバーム（赤）｜口コミを調査 3 . D.U.O. ザ クレンジングバーム（赤）｜使い方＆レビュー 4 . D.U.O. ザ クレンジングバーム 2 種類比較レビュー 5 . D.U.O. ザ クレンジングバーム｜取扱店舗に対して 6 . 総括 ◆クリーニング スキン場合ぶつながり記事 ◆ 1 . D.U.O. ザ クレンジングバーム｜品物データベース はじめ にD.U.O. ザ クレンジングバームの基本的なデータベースにあたって追求しました！
D.U.O. ザ クレンジングバーム 3種類自然の技能って末端サイエンスの融合を目指すスキンケアブランド「 D.U.O.」のアイコン類物のアイテムが、「D.U.O.ザ クレンジングバーム」だ。 D.U.O. ザ
クレンジングバームは全3種類あります。ベーシック品のほか、クリア品、ホワイト品の2種類だ。
上のフォトでいうと、左側からより 左側：スキンの乾燥が気になるパーソンにおすすめのベーシック品「D.U.O.ザ クレンジングバーム（赤） 」 消息筋：毛穴の黒ずみシミをするんってディスカウント望むパーソンにおすすめの「D.U.O.ザ クレンジングバームクリア（黄） 」 右側：スキンくすみの原因に変わる古い角質シミをディスカウント望むパーソンにおすすめの「D.U.O.ザ クレンジングバームホワイト（青） だ。 それぞれの主な属性を公 式WEBでリサーチしてみました！ ① D.U.O. ザ クレンジングバーム（赤） ザ クレンジングバームサイズ ：90g ( 約毎月分け前 ) 価格 ：3,600円 （TAX 抜） ※お得な定期便案あり ★小さめ 20 g( 約7お天道様分け前 ) 価格 ：800 円 （TAX 抜）もあります。 シャリシャリしたテクスチャーのバームがスキンにのせると体温でたらたらにとろけて、なめらかな精神がここちよいクレンジングバーム。W洗顔無益品。マツエク大丈夫*。
しっとり洗顔あがりで、乾燥小じわを目立たなくしてくれます。（作用評価試し済み）
整スキンマテリアルとして、24種類の植物エッセンスのほか、ビタミンＣ、ナノコラーゲン、ナノヒアルロン酸を包含。
おだやかなローズのアロマ。 無添加：パラベン・鉱物油・石油脈絡油脂・石油脈絡界面活性剤・組み合わせ香り・組み合わせ色付けチャージ・アルコール。
*一般的なグルー（シアノアクリレート系のマテリアル）をご利用の場合。
② D.U.O. ザ クレンジングバーム クリア（黄） ザ クレンジングバーム クリアサイズ ：90g ( 約毎月分け前 ) 価格 ：3,600円 （TAX 抜） ※お得な定期便案あり ベーシック品（赤）同様に、バームをスキンにのせるといった体温でとろけて、なめらかな精神に変化。気持ちいいテクスチャーのクレンジングバームだ。W洗顔無益。マツエク大丈夫*。
こちらのクリア（黄）は、毛穴シミに着目したクリーニングで、さっぱりした洗顔あがりが属性。微粒子カプセルが毛穴に詰まった気になる黒ずみシミを絡めとって落とします。
グレープフルーツのすっきりしたアロマ。
無添加：パラベン・鉱物油・石油脈絡油脂・石油脈絡界面活性剤・組み合わせ香り・組み合わせ色付けチャージ・アルコール。
*一般的なグルー（シアノアクリレート系のマテリアル）をご利用の場合。
③ D.U.O. ザ クレンジングバーム ホワイト（青） ザ クレンジングバーム ホワイトサイズ ：90g ( 約毎月分け前 ) 価格 ：3,600円 （TAX 抜） ※お得な定期便案あり こちらのホワイト（青）も、ベーシック（赤）とクリア（黄）と共に、とろけるテクスチャーが特徴的なクレンジングバーム。W洗顔無益。マツエク大丈夫*。
以外二つとの違いは、スキンのくすみの元に上る古めかしい角質シミを洗い流すことに着目していらっしゃる企業。クリーニング講じるたび、不要なシミをするんって脱いですクリアなすっぴんスキンに。
ローマカミツレ、ベルガモット、ラベンダーなどをブレンドしたお洒落で女性らしきカミツレ花精油のアロマ。
無添加：パラベン・鉱物油・石油脈絡油脂・石油脈絡界面活性剤・組み合わせ香り・組み合わせ色付けチャージ・アルコール。
*一般的なグルー（シアノアクリレート系のマテリアル）をご利用の場合。
どれも気になる魅力のある商品ですよね。マテリアルなどによって明るいデータベースが気になるパーソンは必ずDUOのウェブストアもチェックしてみてください。 次の章では 、D.U.O. ザ クレンジングバームの口コミをプレ追求。 続いて、しっとり品のベーシック（赤）のレビュー、ベーシック（赤）という何ら品のクリア（黄）を比較したレビューをよりご紹介していきます。どうしても最後までチェックしてみてください。
2 . D.U.O. ザ クレンジングバーム（赤）｜口コミを調査 DUO ザ クレンジングバー ム 口コミ 毛穴 使い方 d.u.o次に、まさ に「 D.U.O. ザ クレンジングバーム」として見る前に、それではインターネットで口コミや高名をチェックしてみました。
固形バームがとろける独特の使い感覚についての好意的な口コミが取り敢えず目立ちます。
毛穴の黒ずみシミをディスカウントするときに部分使用するという口コミや、洗い流した後のヌル付きが気になるといった口コミもありました。
口コミをチェックしていると、いよいよ「使い感覚」に加えて「シミ落ちのよさ」が重要な時になりそうです！
3 . D.U.O. ザ クレンジングバーム（赤）｜使い方＆レビュー まずは直ぐに、まさ にD.U.O. ザ クレンジングバームにおいてみたレビューをご紹介します！ 【使い方＆レビュー 】D.U.O. ザ クレンジングバーム（赤） DUO ザ クレンジングバー ム 口コミ 毛穴 使い方 d.u.oフタを開けてみると目に入る白紙なバームは、白い蝋（ろう）を思わせます。
DUO ザ クレンジングバー ム 口コミ 毛穴 使い方 d.u.o付きのスパチュラですくってみました。
外見から硬さのあるバームをイメージしていましたが、思っていたよりもやわらかいテクスチャー。マーガリンをナイフでけずるときのような精神だ。
DUO ザ クレンジングバー ム 口コミ 毛穴 使い方 d.u.o表情に使用する際は、スパチュラに山積み1杯が開設とのこと。
もちろん表情にも使用したのですが、ここでは手の甲で試してみた感じを、使い方を交えながらお伝えします。
D.U.O クレンジングバー ム
2柄から、アイブロウ・アイライナー・口紅・コンシーラーを手の甲に塗りました。
DUO ザ クレンジングバー ム 口コミ 毛穴 使い方 d.u.oバームをすくってスキンにのせてみると、体温でどっさりとろけて行くのがわかります。こういう手触りにはちょいエキサイト！
DUO ザ クレンジングバー ム 口コミ 毛穴 使い方 d.u.o5～10秒ほど指先でくるくるといった指先で広めるって、透明にほど近い乳白色の液状になってきました。
DUO ザ クレンジングバー ム 口コミ 毛穴 使い方 d.u.oゆるめのトロトロとしたテクスチャーで、スキンにフィットする感じです。
DUO ザ クレンジングバー ム 口コミ 毛穴 使い方 d.u.oメイクが実に浮いてきました！こういうあたりにはとっくに、いともあの最初の固形バームからは想像ができない、たらたらゆるゆるとした精神だ。
DUO ザ クレンジングバー ム 口コミ 毛穴 使い方 d.u.oバームといったメイクがなじみきったら、ぬるま湯で丁寧に落とします（手の甲ではウェットティッシュでディスカウントしました）。
流し終わったあとはスキンがしっとり。ぬるぬるした知覚も残らず、何一つとした洗顔立ちなのにうるおいを実感しました！
【レビュー総括】D.U.O.
ザ クレンジングバーム（赤） DUO ザ クレンジングバー ム 口コミ 毛穴 使い方 d.u.oとりあえず、固いバームがスキンの上でとろけて出向くあの感想が魅力的で作風になります！
スキンに引き伸ばすときのテクスチャーはかなりまろやか。液状になっても垂れて生じることが無く、くるくると指をすべらせるといったメイクに敢然となじんで行く感想がありました。
シミやメイクはスッキリ垂れるのにスキンがつっぱったり乾燥したりせず、しっとり感が残ります。
気になりがちな小鼻のざらつきもすっぱり洗い落とすことができました。
メイクはぐっすり洗い流したいけどスレを遠のけたいパーソン、毛穴停滞やざらつきなどをきちんと落としたいパーソン、しっとり感のある洗顔立ちがお好みのパーソン、ダブル洗顔不要のクリーニングをお探しのパーソンなど、皆におすすめ望むクレンジングバームだ！
DUO ザ クレンジングバー ム 口コミ 毛穴 使い方 d.u.o ( 201806 ) 4 . D.U.O. ザ クレンジングバーム 2 種類比較レビュー DUO デュオ クレンジングバー ム 「 D.U.Oザ クレンジングバーム（赤）」という「 D.U.Oザ クレンジングバームクリア（黄）」の比較レビュー行っていきたいと思います。
4 -1. D.U.O. ザ クレンジングバーム 2 種類｜属性比較！ では 、「 D.U.Oザ クレンジングバーム（赤）」という「 D.U.Oザ クレンジングバームクリア（黄）」の違いをご紹介していきます！
①清掃の絡繰=おんなじ◯ D.U.O. デュオ クレンジングバーム ムービー出典 ) D.U.O. D.U.O. ザ
クレンジングバームが、メイクだけでなく毛穴に詰まったシミや古臭い角質を洗い流す理由は” 毛穴クリアカプセル” 。
スキンに広める結果こういうカプセルが微粒子化、なめらかにとろけた状態に。メイクなどスキンに不要な商品やシミ、毛穴に詰まった角栓も絡め取って落とします。
また、共に放出されるビューティーマテリアルは角質階級へ浸透し、うるおいを与えて乾燥を防ぎます。
メイクシミだけでなく、毛穴の角栓や古めかしい角質などスキンに不要なシミを洗い流すのでW洗顔無益品のクリーニングチャージだ。
②7つの無添加=おんなじ◯ 無添加 コスメティックスD.U.O.クレンジングバームは、パラベン、鉱物油、石油脈絡油脂、石油脈絡界面活性剤、組み合わせ香り、組み合わせ色付けチャージ、アルコール不使用。スキンが揺らぎ易いパーソンの使いやすさを考えてつくられてある。
③アロマ=違う ワキガ どういう臭 いD.U.O.ザ
クレンジングバームは組み合わせ香り不使用ですが、配合されている精油がちょっと香ります。 ノーマル品のD.U.O.ザ
クレンジングバームは、女性らしさを感じるローズ精油のアロマ。クリアは、清涼でフレッシュグレープフルーツ精油のアロマだ。
因みに、ジャーに鼻を近づけても全然香りません。
表情に伸ばしたときにふんわりアロマがただようクラスなので、「香りは不得意…」という方も使いやすそうです。
④マテリアル=少し違う△ D.U.O. デュオ クレンジングバーム 見結果はごっそ り
な2つのクレンジングバームですが、配合されているマテリアルには少々違いがあります。
植物エッセンスなどがたっぷりあることに変わりはないようですが、共通のマテリアルであっても出るクラスが違うので、包含分量のばらまきはいよいよことなるのでしょう。（※全成分明示は、包含分量の多い商品からより記載する血統になっています。但し1百分率以下のマテリアルは順不同） 乾燥肌のパーソンやエイジングケア*に興味のあるパーソンはノーマル品のD.U.O.ザ
クレンジングバーム、オイリースキンのパーソンやスキンを引き締めたいパーソンはD.U.O.ザ クレンジングバームクリアが使いやすそうです！
*年に応じたうるおいのお手入れ 4 - 2. D.U.O. ザ クレンジングバーム 2 種類試してみた！比較レビュー 無添加 一つ レビュー クチコミ続いて、スキン場合ぶ手直しメンバーがまさにD.U.O.ザ
クレンジングバーム2種類を活かし比べてみたメッセージを論文していきます。 ① D.U.O.ザ クレンジングバームを2種類使ってみました！
【試したスキン場合ぶ手直しメンバー】 ・ 30 才 ・リキッドタイプのファンデーションってウォータープルーフのアイメイク器機を実践
・乾燥によっての内包スキン DUO デュオ クレンジングバーム フタを開けると、内方にスパチュラが！クレンジングバームを衛生的に取り扱うためにもスパチュラは大切ですが、置き場所に困ったり、なくして仕舞うことってありませんか？ フタにぴたり囚われると見物要素への持ち運びも気楽。うっかり置き忘れることもありません♪
DUO デュオ クレンジングバーム バームので、固いのかな？と思いましたが、スパチュラがスムーズに入って行く程度のレスポンスだ。蝋( ろう) という見ためですね。
DUO デュオ クレンジングバーム別個を手の甲にのせてみました。色あい・手触りともに、外見の違いは分かりませんでした。アロマが違うはずですが、鼻を近づけないとからきし香らないです。スキンにのせた機会、体温でバームがたらたら溶け始めます。
DUO デュオ クレンジングバーム 指の腹においてくるくる広めるって、バームがつぎつぎオイル状になって広がります。固形のクリーニングチャージなので、プラスが心配でしたがまったく問題なし！スキンの上を滑るようで、スレを減らしてくれそうな感じです。 そうして、オイル状にテクスチャーが変化するってグレープフルーツってローズのアロマが、別個ふわり香ります。 ローズは本当にほのかで、どちらかというとグレープフルーツの方がきつく爽やかに香る印象です。 洗浄力にも中でも違いは感じませんでした。ふだんのメイクをするっとクリーニングすることができましたが、時メイクはそれほど広める必要があるので向きリムーバーによるほうがスキンへのスレ不安は一層減らせると思います。
② D.U.O. ザ クレンジングバームのメッセージ総括
D.U.O. デュオ クレンジングバー ムD.U.O. ザ
クレンジングバーム2種類を両人使ってみましたが、使い感覚はかなり似てると思います。
とも体温でとろとろのオイル状になり、スキンが覆われてあるような保湿イメージがありますが、流すといったあんまりさっぱり。うるおいを感じつつ、油膜イメージは残りませんでした。
ザ クレンジングバームクリアの方が、少しだけすすぎ流しやすかったような気がします。
こういうクレンジングバームならではの使い感覚は、ほんのり作風になりみたい！
スキンにのせるときはバーム状で液だれせず、伸ばすと体温で溶けてスルスル伸びる。さらっと洗い流せるのにスキンはしっとり触り心地で、今まで使った仕打ちのない個性的な使い勝手だ！
2つのクレンジングバームにおいてみて、使い分けるからには包含マテリアルってアロマが大切な時になりみたいと思いました。
おすすめ目指す方をそれぞれのクレンジングバーム特別まとめたので、参考にしてください！ ◆ D.U.O.ザ クレンジングバーム◆ ・エイジングケア*が気になるパーソン
・うるおい感のあるお手入れが好きなパーソン
・女性らしきローズのアロマが好きなパーソン ◆ D.U.O.ザ クレンジングバームクリア◆ ・スキンを引き締めて整えたいパーソン
・ T部位などのテカリが気になるパーソン ・乾燥したくはないけど、クリーニングにスッパリイメージもほしいパーソン
・爽やかグレープフルーツのアロマが好きなパーソン
*年に応じたうるおいのお手入れ 5 . D.U.O. ザ クレンジングバーム｜取扱店舗にあたって DUO ザ クレンジングバー ム 口コミ 毛穴 使い方 d.u.oD.U.O. ザ クレンジングバームは、公式ウェブストアや全国のバラエティショップなどで購入することができます。 ★お対処ショップはこちら（公式ページ） 公式ウェブストアで頼むことができる定期便サービスなら、既存価格から20百分率引き、国内送料無料など、ありがたい重宝も。
お得に購入狙うパーソンは、ぜひとも公式ウェブストアもチェックしてみてくださいね！
DUO ザ クレンジングバー ム 口コミ 毛穴 使い方 d.u.o 6 . 総括 DUO ザ クレンジングバー ム 口コミ 毛穴 使い方 d.u.o話題のクレンジングバーム「 D.U.O. ザ クレンジングバーム」を試したレビューをお伝えしてきましたが、いかがでしたか？
固形から液状に変化するユニークな感想は、先ず努めたらクセになってしまうかも♪
新感覚のクレンジングバームを、どうしてもあなたのスキンも体感してみてくださいね。
DUO ザ クレンジングバー ム 口コミ 毛穴 使い方 d.u.o ◆クリーニング スキン場合ぶつながり記事◆ ◆アテニアのクレンジングオイルお試しレビュー！ ◆ファンケルのマイルドクレンジングオイル｜レビュー ◆【マナラ】ホットクレンジングゲル｜レビュー ◆スキン場合ぶレビュー記事 新カタログ ◆市販もプリプラも！おすすめクリーニン グ15 選 ◆マツエク長持ち！おすすめクリーニングって決め方 ◆【プリプラ向け】おすすめクリーニン グ16 選 ◆クレンジングオイルは乳化をするとどうなるの？ ◆ D.U.O ザ クレンジングバームはマツキヨorドンキで売ってるの？ たとえば、一流ドラッグストアのマツモトキヨシや、一流値引き店のドンキホーテ位なら、はからずもD.U.O ザ クレンジングバームを売っていそうな感じがしますが、本当は「 売っていないこともない?!」というのが正解です。
ドンキホーテの場合は、お店を通じて準備が違うので、いよいよそれぞれのお店に直接にお尋ねしてみないと思い付かんですね。
また、何とか取り扱っていたとしてもごく一部のお店ですし、価格も激安なのかもお尋ねしてチェックする必要があります。
のち、マツモトキヨシのパーソンですと、ショップには置いてませんが取寄せなら出来るようになってある。 価格は、元値販売のようですが…。
◆ D.U.O ザ クレンジングバームはドラッグストアで売ってるの？ も、もちろん公式インターネットにも掲載してある道、D.U.O ザ クレンジングバームを取り扱っているショップが全国に数多くあるのは瞬間違いありません。 その全国のショップデータベースカタログを見てみると、わずかですが一部のドラッグストアけれども取り扱っているお店があるようですし、他にも書店やホームセンターなどの意表を付くようなお店けれども販売やる企業もあります。 ◆主な販売店舗のご紹介 販売店舗は、当サイトも各地域の市区町村ごとに個別でのぞけるようになっているのですが、ここではスタンダードまでに代表的なお店を抜き出してご紹介したいと思います。
＠COSME STORE Ameri B&B house Ｂ＆Ｄドラッグストア CoLeColle COLOR FiELD episode habita how's INCUBE kichijoji KIKUYA Maria Maria MINIPLA MIOMIO ON SEVEN DAYS petit*colle PLAZA ROSEMARY ポップアートマン アインズ＆トルペ アリー キデイランド サンエー シャンドエルブ 店イン ドラッグストアチャーリー メイクアップソリューション リモーネ ロフト ここにあるお店の全てのショップで取り扱っているわけではありませんけど、大よその目安としてお店探しの参考になさってくださいね。
◆「既存価格」という【オフ価格】なら、いずれを選びますか？
まったく間抜けな標題になっていますが、誰がどうしても瞬間違い無く【オフ価格】を選びますよね。
何故あんな馬鹿な質問を通じてみたかというと、D.U.O
ザ クレンジングバームを普通にお店で買うと 断じて定価ではないのですが、かと言って大幅に値引きして受け取ることも通常ではありません。
◆「 お試し 」 も「 定期便」もweb通販がお得 ！ も、公式インターネットのweb通販なら５０百分率引きの１，８００円（税別・送料無料）で購入行えるんです。
これは、『初回限定のお試しプレゼント』を開催しているからなんですね。
そうして、こういうD.U.O
ザ クレンジングバームが気に入って定期購入をする場合なら、2回目線以降もさらに20百分率引きの2,880円（税別・送料無料）で格安に購入行えるんです。
ですので、重ねて強調しますが、お試しプレゼントはwebだけの重宝ですので、一般のお店それでは既存価格でしか買うことが出来ない動機なんですね。
◆現下こういう瞬間に手に入れたいなら
確かにページのお試しプレゼントなら通常の半額で選べるって分かっていても、ワケありで現下こういう瞬間にD.U.O
ザ クレンジングバームを何となく手に入れたい場合には、お近くの各販売店舗で購入するのがベストだと思いますので、ここから都道府県という市区町村を選んで最高行きやすいお店を探してくださいね♪＾＾
効果なし？duoクレンジングバームの毛穴の悪い口コミを追究！
※こういう記事は、duoクレンジングバームを１ウィーク使って毛穴の黒ずみを解消した、当サイトの用務員が書いております。 duoクレンジングバームの紹介を見ると、
「 毛穴に効果ありますよ！ 」 的ことが書いてありますよね。 たとえば、そんな宣伝文句が書かれてある。
も、わたしはこう思うんです。 本当は、 「 効果なし」でしょ？ そこで、次の４つの時について、duoクレンジングバームの悪い口コミを徹底的に調査しました。
【 ４つの時】 毛穴の黒ずみに効果なし？ 毛穴の角栓に効果なし？ いちご鼻に効果なし？ ニキビに効果なし？ ※中身をタップするとジャンプ行なう
４つの時について、まさにduoクレンジングバームを購入した人限定の正直口コミを調査したパフォーマンス、duoクレンジングバームは本当に効果が良いことがわかったんです！
その衝撃の調査パフォーマンスを、ご覧ください！ 【も宝くじ】 ▼duoクレンジングバームは効果なし！？ ・口コミで効果が高いことが確認 ▼まさに購入して１ウィーク使ってみたパフォーマンス
・メイクの落ちがイイ！ ・１ウィークで鼻の黒ずみがキレイに！
▼３種類のバームの違いは！？ ・毛穴手伝いのクリアと美容白のホワイト ▼毛穴の黒ずみに効果なし？ ・口コミそれでは８０百分率の人が効果を体感
・黒ずみに効果が高い要因は ▼毛穴の角栓に効果なし？ ・口コミそれでは７３百分率の人が効果を体感
・角栓に効果が大きい要因は ▼いちご鼻に効果なし ？ ・ 口コミそれで は７１ 百分率の人が効果を体感 ▼ニキビに効果なし？ ・ 口コミまずは４６百分率の人が効果を体感 ・ニキビに効果が良い要因は duoクレンジングバームは効果なし！？ duoクレンジングバームは効果なしなのか。 それとも、効果があるのか。 それを白黒ちゃんとつけるために、口コミ5000トピックを徹底的に調査してみました。
今日、こういう記事で口コミの調査に使わせていただいたのは、国中最大のビューティー脈絡口コミインターネット「@cosme」様だ。 時 @cosmeは、1999歳から付きが開始された歴史ある口コミインターネットで、毎月のクライアント総締めは1000万人以上になります。
20代、30代女性の２人に１人が利用していると言われており、非常に人気・信頼のある口コミインターネットだ。 こういう@cosmeには、duoクレンジングバームの口コミが４７７８トピックも投稿されています。（2019歳3毎月現時点）
こういう約５０００件の口コミの中から、「効果なし」という評価の悪い口コミを徹底的に調査した結果がこちらです。
調査したプラン 口コミ個数 効果なし だった人のパーセンテージ 毛穴の黒ずみ ２０２トピック ２０ ％ 毛穴の角栓 １５３トピック ２７ ％ いちご鼻 ３１トピック ２９ ％ ニキビ ５０トピック ５４ ％ 毛穴の黒ずみに関しては、効果なしだったのは５人に１人。
毛穴の角栓といちご鼻に関しては、効果なしだったのは３人に１人。
という結果になりました。 さっきの世間を「効果があった人のパーセンテージ」に置き換えてみましょう。
調査したプラン 口コミ個数 効果あり だった人のパーセンテージ 毛穴の黒ずみ ２０２トピック ８０ ％ 毛穴の角栓 １５３トピック ７３ ％ いちご鼻 ３１トピック ７１ ％ ニキビ ５０トピック ４６ ％ duoクレンジングバームの効果の高さがぐっすりわかりますね。
どんどん、累計で１０００万個限り売れている大人気のクリーニング「マナラホットクレンジングゲル」と効果を比較してみました。
比較した結果がこちらです。 調査したプラン 効果あり だった人のパーセンテージ （マナラ） 効果あり だった人のパーセンテージ （ DUO ） 毛穴の黒ずみ ６７ ％ ８０ ％ 毛穴の角栓 ４０ ％ ７３ ％ いちご鼻 ０ ％ ７１ ％ ニキビ ３２ ％ ４６ ％ duoクレンジングバームのほうが、圧倒的に効果が厳しいわね。
他のクリーニングという比較しても、duoクレンジングバームは効果が高いことがわかりますね。 duoクレンジングバームをまさに購入した、わたしの口コミ
口コミを調べてみるとduoクレンジングバームは毛穴に効果がありそうですが、最終的には断然自分のスキンで確認してみないとわかりません。 中には、duoクレンジングバームにおいてみたいけど効果が難儀・・・。という方もおられると思います。
そこで、毛穴の黒ずみに耐えるわたしが、まさにduoクレンジングバームを購入して体験してみることにしました。
まさに使ってみたメッセージを正直にお伝えしますので参考にしてください。 duoクレンジングバームを購入 duoクレンジングバームは薬局やドラッグストアけれども買えます。
も、値段が定価でオフがないので、通販で探してみることにしました。 はじめに楽天やAmazonで値段を調べたのですが、こちらも元値でした。 最後に、duoクレンジングバームの公式なメールオーダーサイトをみてみると、元値の半額で買えると書いてあったので、今回は公式インターネットで購入しました。
公式インターネットで買うと値段が安い代わりに定期向きで買うことになりますが、全払い戻し証拠が付いていたので安心して貰えました。 使ってみたメッセージ duoクレンジングバームは、専用のスパチュラ（スプーン）で差し出す品のクリーニングだ。
取りだす前は固形ですが、方法に乗せるといったじんわりって溶けて液体に変わります。
順調でプラスも良いので、つけ感覚はとても良いです。
メイクの落ちもよく、お肌のザラ付きやメイクあとはありませんでした。
鼻をクレンジングバームでマッサージそうなると、化粧が浮いて現れるのがしばしばわかります。
但し、ちょっとすすぎ立ちがヌメっとしますね。
すすぎを２０～３０回ぐらいしないと、ネッチョリイメージが残って気になりました。
お肌がしっとりして、乾燥を感じなかった点はよかったです。
肝心の効果は？ 一年中一括払い、夜にduoク レンジングバームにおいてみました。 最初は固形なのに方法に乗せるってトロけて、バームでマッサージそうなると化粧が浮いて来るのがよく頷けるので面白く使えました。 活かし始めたばかりの頃は、毛穴への効果は実感していませんでした。
も、１ウィーク後には、鼻の黒ずみがキレイになってきたんです！
店舗も個々から「お肌がキレイになったね！」と言われて飛び跳ねるほどうれしかったです♪ 思った仕打ち 速く使っておけばよかった。その一言につきます。
これまで、毛穴の黒ずみには一際悩まされてきました。
ステッカー、ジェル、メニュー、どれを使っても効果なし。
水洗顔としても、乳房石鹸においても治ってくれない。
鏡で自分の毛穴をまともに確かめるのが恐い。
だって、気持ち持ち小さいから。 すっぴんを家事以外には見せられない。
近辺って見物をめぐっても、夜は毛穴を包み隠すために基盤をつけて寝てました。
そういった危険から開放してくれた、duoクレンジングバーム。
ほんと、出会えてよかった。 オススメする人、断ち切る人 今日duoクレンジングバームを体験してみて、効果を実感することができました。
も、全ての人にオススメできるかというと、違います。
そこで、どんな人に使ってほしいのか。また使ってほしくないのか。
そのあたりを正直にお伝えしたいと思います。
これはわたし自身の実例をもとに判断してある。 オススメする人 毛穴の黒ずみに耐える人 毛穴の黒ずみは、老けて言える原因の一つですよね。それでも安心してください。
毛穴の黒ずみにはduoクレンジングバームが効果類だ！ duoクレンジングバームには、自力成長の「ナノマトリクス」というカプセル状の清掃マテリアルが使われてある。
こういうカプセルは、１ミリの１万分の１というがたいなので、毛穴の黒ずみを敢然と落としていただける。
私も毛穴の黒ずみに悩んでいましたが、お肌の明るさを取り返すことができましたよ。 いちご鼻に耐える人 いちご鼻に耐える人にも、duoクレンジングバームは効果類だ。 duoクレンジングバームには「テトラヘキシルデカン酸アスコビル」というマテリアルが含まれています。
これは、ビタミンC誘導体の一種で、美容白効果・お肌の体調を正常化する効果が期待できるマテリアルだ。
こういうマテリアルで美容白しながら、毛穴よりも非常にちっちゃな清掃カプセルで毛穴の角栓を除去します。 私の黒ずんでいた鼻も、明るく生まれ変わりました。 おすすめ断ち切る人 お風呂の中でクリーニングをする人 duoクレンジングバームは、お風呂の中では使えません。 塗れた方法にバームをのせても滑ってしまって用いづらいし、乾いたときのお肌でクリーニングしないとメイクが落ち辛くなります。 クレンジングバームは、乾いた手で乾いたお肌に使わないと効果が落ちてしまうんです。 このことは、くだりにも本当に書かれてある。 それほどお風呂の中でクリーニングが望む人には、duoクレンジングバームはオススメできません。 マツエクをしている人 duoクレンジングバームは、基本的にはマツエ クOK となってある。 これは、公式インターネットにも次のように書かれてある。 ですが 、 「 一般的なグルー」のマツエクに限るようです。（グルーというのは、まつ毛といったエクステをはりつけるシールのことです）
口コミをみると、マツエクをしたままduoクレンジングバームを使ったらマツエクが取れてしまった人もいるようです。 マツエクをしたままduoク レンジングバームを使うには、目のあたりをさけて取り扱う必要があるし、目のあたりは別のリムーバーを使うことになるので、マツエクやる人にはduoクレンジングバームはよくオススメできません。
「 買ってよかった」という界隈 今日、duoクレンジングバームにおいてみて、「買ってよかった」という界隈をまとめてみました。
一年中たったの６０ 円 duoクレンジングバームを公式インターネットから定期向きで購入した場合には、コスパは一年中当りたったの６０円だ。
※定期向きの２回目線の引き受け以降は、コスパは一年中に９６円になります。 時短になる duoクレンジングバームは、クリーニングの後に洗顔する必要がないので期間短縮になります。
洗顔チャージが必要なくなるので、コスパ類に助かっています。
クリーニングが楽しくなる duoクレンジングバームは、手に取ったときは固形だけど一気に液体に変わっていきます。
それが面白くて、毎日のクリーニングが面白くなりました。 お肌が荒れない わたしは敏感肌で、コスメティックスを使うってかゆみが出たり、赤みが出ることがあるのですが、duoクレンジングバームはまるで大丈夫でした。 クリーニングは毎日することだから、お肌にきめ細かいのはうれしいポイントです。 毛穴が目立たなくのぼる duoクレンジングバームを使い始めて１ウィークほどで、鼻の毛穴の黒ずみがキレイになりました。
毛穴がキレイになった結果、毛穴が引き締まって目立たなくなった系。
以前は鏡を見ると毛穴が目立って不愉快でしたが、今では毛穴がとっても気になりません。 お肌がキレイに達する duoクレンジングバームを使い始めてから、周囲の人から「お肌がキレイになったよね！」と言われることが多くなりました。 近辺から「ファンデーション変えた？」って、お肌がキレイになった要因を仰ることも多いだ。
クリーニングをduoクレンジングバームに変えただけで、これ程毛穴に効果が出るなんて不可解でした。
ぜひともあなたも、「お肌がキレイになったね！」と近辺から言われたときのうれしい気持ち持ちを体験してください。 いかがでしたか？ duoクレンジングバームの効果に関する気苦労が、少しは解消できましたでしょうか。
でも未だに不安な人のために、効果なしそれでも安心して購入とれる施術をご紹介します。
「 効果なし」も安心な購入施術は duoクレンジングバームを購入して、毛穴やいちご鼻に効果がなくても難儀取り除ける購入施術を紹介します。
その方法は、「払い戻し証拠」が付いた形で購入することだ。
払い戻し証拠は、仮に商品に満足できなければ購入勘定を返金してもらえるやり方だ。
duoクレンジングバームの場合には、一品が届いてから２０お天道様以内なら払い戻し証拠が使えます。
払い戻し証拠は、次のような場合でも使えます。
払い戻し証拠が助かる試料 毛穴の黒ずみに効果がなかった。 毛穴の角栓に効果がなかった。 いちご鼻に効果がなかった。 ニキビに効果がなかった。 但し、３つ注意してほしいことがあります。
（１）実ショップ（ロフトなど）で市販グッズを購入した場合には、払い戻し証拠はつきません。 （２）楽天・Amazonで購入した場合も、払い戻し証拠は有りません。 （３）duoクレンジングバームを最安値（1800円）で支払えるメールオーダーサイトの中にも、「払い戻しお墨付き」といった著述がないものがあります。
たとえば、、こちらのメールオーダーサイトでは払い戻し証拠の著述がありません。
どこを探しても「払い戻しお墨付き」という著述がないんです。
メールオーダーサイトで購入する際には、「払い戻しお墨付き」という著述があることを確認しましょう。
当サイトでご紹介しているのは、DUOの公式なメールオーダーサイト
なので、このように「払い戻しお墨付き」という著述がちゃんと書かれてある。
時 DUOの公式なメールオーダーサイトで購入するには定期便を契約する必要がありますが、「最低でも○回は続けて下さい」というお約束度数はオールありません。
また、メールオーダーサイトの中でも払い戻し証拠が付かなくなってしまった（2017歳7毎月27お天道様に払い戻し証拠が取り消しされた）企業もあるようなので、購入わたる時折敢然と払い戻し証拠が付いているかをご確認わたるのがよいかと思います。 関心時 当サイトで紹介しているDUOの公式なメールオーダーサイトでは、払い戻し証拠がしっかりと付いていますのでご安心ください。
また、当サイトでご紹介している販売店舗では「コンビニエンスストア後払い」での購入が可能です。
コンビニエンスストア後払いで購入しておけば、一品が届いたことを確認してから受け取りをするので、「購入したのに一品が届かない！」といった問題を回避できます。 その上、「コンビニエンスストア後払い」の手間賃は無料なので、クレジットカードで買いたくないパーソンにもおすすめだ。 duoクレンジングバームの購入のサイクルや、購入に対する注意点については、別の記事でくわしく解説しておりますので、よろしければそこもご一読くださいませ。 ＞＞duoクレンジングバームの購入のサイクルという注意点は duoクレンジングバームの種類に関して duoクレンジングバームには、種類が３つあります。
毛穴への効果が大きい「クリア」と、美容白効果が高い「ホワイト」と、ばらまき良し効果が期待できる「ノーマル」の３つだ。
【専用記事】duoク レンジングバームの種類による効果の違いに関しまして
３つも種類があると、いずれにしようか迷うかもしれませんが、DUOの公式インターネットから定期向きで購入した場合には途中で種類の改訂が自由にできます。
たとえば、初めのひと月はノーマル品のduoクレンジングバームを注文して、２ヶ月目線はduoクレンジングバームホワイトに変えることができます。
定期向きの一品の種類を変更しても値段は貫く（初回は元値の５０百分率ディスカウント、２回目線以降は２０百分率ディスカウント）ので安心です。
また、定期向きの種類の変更は最前に電話するか、メールも改訂を頼むことができます。
電話は、週末もつながりますし、ウィークデイも夜の９状態まで受付しています。
また、メールでの一品の変更は「マイページ（DUOを購入後に訪問できるようになるみなさん専用のWEB）」から簡単にできます。
意外と、マイページにアクセスして、「お問い合わせ」を選択します。
すると、お問い合わせスタイルが表示されます。
お問い合わせスタイルでは、「件名」という「お問い合わせプラン」の二つを記入します。
前もって、件名には「一品改訂のお問い合わせ」を選択してください。
次に、お問い合わせプランですが、たとえばduoクレンジングバームホワイトに変更したい場合には「ホワイトに改訂をお願いします。」って記入しましょう。
「 件名」って、「プラン」の二つが書けたら、あとは「対比スクリーンへ」リンクを圧すだけです。
以上のやり直しで、定期向きの一品の改訂が完了します。 このように、duoクレンジングバームは定期向きで買えば、途中で一品の改訂が簡単にできます。
毛穴手伝い意識なら、クリア 美容白意識なら、ホワイト ばらまき意識なら、ノーマル 最初に購入するときは、自分が如何なるスキンケアを重視するのかを時として一品を選ぶといった良いかもしれませんね。
公式インターネットはこちら duoクレンジングバームクリア duoクレンジングバームホワイト duoクレンジングバーム duoクレンジングバームが毛穴に効果が厳しい要因をくわしく引っかかるパーソンは、以下の中身をタップしていただくと細部がご覧いただけます。
【効果が高い要因】 毛穴の黒ず み( いちご鼻 ) に効果が高い要因は 毛穴の角栓に効果が厳しい要因は ニキビに効果が良い要因は ※中身をタップするとジャンプ行なう 効果 が２ 倍に繋がる使い方 わたしがduoクレンジングバームでクリーニングする時に実践している、効果が２倍に罹る使い方を紹介します。こういう使い方による結果、クリーニングの効果は２倍に。そうして、ビューティーマテリアルがお肌に浸透する効果も２倍になります（わたしの知覚だ。笑）
効果を総締め倍にアップさせる使い方は、クリーニングの前に表情を賑やか手拭いであたためることです。
方法は簡単です。クリーニングする前に、メイクしたままの表情を賑やか手拭いで２～３分け前暖めるだけです。
賑やか手拭いで表情をあたためるといった、メイクがやわらかくなってシミが落ち易くなるし、毛穴も解くのでクリーニングの時にduoクレンジングバームのビューティーマテリアルがお肌に浸透し易くなります。
賑やか手拭いで表情を温めた後にクリーニングすると、クリーニングした後のすすぎの度数が半分になるのが愛する♪それに、クリーニングの後の化粧水や乳液の入りもよくなるのも良い所です。
賑やか手拭いを作り上げるのも、範囲でチンすれば一気にできるので、みなさんもよければ試してみてください。経路は次の通りです。
効果が２倍に上る使い方 手拭いを水で濡らして良く絞る。 手拭いをおしぼりみたいに丸めてお皿に乗せ、範囲で１分け前加熱する( ５００W）。 ちょこっと冷ましてから、表情にのせて２～３分け前待つ。
duoクレンジングバームでクリーニング講じる。 duoクレンジングバームの悪評を遂行調査！ これまで、duoクレンジングバームの口コミや、わたしがまさに並べるレビューをご紹介して、duoクレンジングバームの魅力はお伝えできたかと思います。
しかし、当然ながらduoクレンジングバームにも悪評の口コミもたくさんあります。
たとえば、あんな悪評口コミがあります。 あんな悪評の口コミを見たら、「duoクレンジングバームって本当に大丈夫なのかな？」といった不安になりますよね。
わたしの場合も、duoク レンジングバームを購入する前に口コミを調べている場合、色々な悪評口コミを発見して不安になっていました。 そこで、duoク レンジングバームの悪評口コミを徹底的に調べてみることにしました。 duoクレンジングバームの悪評口コミを追究 アットコスメには、duoク レンジングバームの口コミが全部で約５０００トピック限りあります。（2019歳3毎月階段）
こういう５０００件の口コミの中で、口コミの評価が０所～２所になっている口コミを「悪評口コミ」として、悪評になっている要因を分析してみました。
その結果がこちらです。 悪評の内容 口コミ個数 口コミ総て に関する 悪評の割合 毛穴に効果がない ５３ トピック １．１％ メイクが落ちない ３３ トピック ０．７％ 使い勝手が酷い ４３ トピック ０．９ ％ 肌荒れが出た １１４トピック ２．４ ％ その他 １９トピック ０．４ ％ 「 肌荒れが出た」ので悪評としてある人が一番多いのがわかりますね。 また、「毛穴に効果がない」から悪評としている人も１．１百分率いるようです。
次に、これらの数字をマナラホットクレンジングゲルといった比較してみましょう。
マナラホットクレンジングゲルといった比較 duoクレンジングバームと同じ方法で、マナラホットクレンジングゲルの悪評口コミを数字した結果がこちらです。
悪評の内容 口コミ個数 口コミ総て に関する 悪評の割合 毛穴に効果がない ３３ トピック ３．０ ％ メイクが落ちない ５８ トピック ５．３％ 使い勝手が腹黒い ２０ トピック １．８ ％ 肌荒れが出た ４９トピック ４．５ ％ その他 １２トピック １．１ ％ 「 メイクが落ちない」ので悪評としておる人が一番多いですね。 また、「毛穴に効果がない」から悪評としてある人が３百分率いるようです。 次に、duoクレンジングバームとマナラホットクレンジングゲルの悪評を比較した結果がこちらです。
悪評の内容 悪評の割合 （マナラ） 悪評の割合 （ DUO ） 毛穴に効果がない ３．０ ％ １．１％ メイクが落ちない ５．３ ％ ０．７％ 使い勝手が低い １．８ ％ ０．９％ 肌荒れが出た ４．５ ％ ２．４ ％ duoクレンジングバームのほうが、悪評の割合が圧倒的に少ないのがわかりますね。
如何なる商品にも悪評はありますが、なるたけ悪評が少ない一品を選びたいですよね。 その点では、duoク レンジングバームは悪評が少なくて信頼できる一品です。 安上がりデータベース 今だけ初回半額プレゼント消息筋！ ＞＞購入のサイクルといった注意点はこちら 毛穴の黒ずみに効果なし？ duoクレンジングバームは、毛穴の黒ずみに効果があるのでしょうか。それとも効果なしなのでしょうか。口コミを調査したパフォーマンス、黒ずみへの効果がわかってきました。
口コミを調査 duoクレンジングバームの口コミを調査したパフォーマンス、毛穴の黒ずみに対する口コミが２０２トピックありました。
その２０２件の口コミの中には確かに、「毛穴の黒ずみに効果なし」といった書いている口コミがいくつかありました。
たとえば、こうした口コミだ。 こういう口コミを見て、どうして思いましたか？
「 やっぱりduoクレンジングバームって効果なしじゃん！ 」 そんなふうに思いますよね。 だって、「１個使い終わっても毛穴の黒ずみに効果なしだった」って言われたら、普通は不安になりまよ。
も、惜しくも調査を進めてみましょう。 「毛穴の黒ずみに効果なし」という口コミが書かれていることはわかったけど、全体としての割合はどうなのでしょうか。
毛穴の黒ずみに対する２０２件の口コミを集大成調査し、評価が悪い商品という喜ばしいものを数字してみましょう。
その結果がこちらです。 口コミ評価 口コミ個数 パーセンテージ 評価が低い ４１ トピック ２０ ％ 評価が良い １６１トピック ８０ ％ 評価が悪い口コミは２０２トピック中で４１トピックでした。
パーセンテージとしては、２０百分率だ。
逆に言うと、評価が良かった口コミが８０百分率を占めるので、毛穴の黒ずみは「効果なし」というよりも却って、「効果がある」と言えますよね。
口コミ点数が４所後を「評価が悪賢い」ってし、５所限りを「評価が良い」というしました。
今日口コミの調査をした@cosmeそれでは、７所が最高所となります。
マナラホットクレンジングゲルと比較 duoクレンジングバームは、毛穴の黒ずみに効果が大きいと本当に呼べるのか。
それを確認するために、「マナラホットクレンジングゲル」という比較してみましょう。
マナラホットクレンジングゲルの毛穴の黒ずみに対する口コミ３５９トピックを調査した結果がこちらです。
口コミプラン 口コミ個数 パーセンテージ ボリューム評価 ２４１トピック ６７ ％ 低い評価 １１８トピック ３３ ％ 全体の３３百分率の人が、毛穴の黒ずみに効果を実感していないのがわかりますね。
こういうパフォーマンスを、duoクレンジングバームと比較してみましょう。 一品 ボリューム評価口コミ パーセンテージ duo 161／202 ８０ ％ マナラ 241／359 ６７ ％ duoクレンジングバームのほうが毛穴の黒ずみに効果があることがわかります。
毛穴の黒ずみへの効果が大きい要因 duoクレンジングバームがこんなにも毛穴の黒ずみに効果が高い理由は、次の３つが考えられます。
黒ずみに効果が厳しい要因 自力成長の毛穴クリアカプセル「ナノマトリクス」の効果。
バームという外観が毛穴の黒ずみの取り外しに役に立つ。 ビタミンC誘導体がお肌の体調を良くしてくれる。 duoクレンジングバームには、「テトラヘキシルデカン酸アスコビル」というマテリアルが含まれています。 これは、ビタミンC誘導体の一種で、美容白効果・お肌の体調を正常化する効果が期待できるマテリアルだ。
一際、お肌の生まれ変わりのペース（入れ替わり）を正常化してくれるので、お肌の交代が良くなって黒ずみを薄くする効果が期待できます。
一層、美容白効果も期待できるので、どんどん黒ずみへの効果が持てますよね。
なおさらくわしく毛穴の黒ずみの口コミに対して引っかかる人は、別の記事にさらにくわしく書いていますので、そこもご覧ください。
＞＞毛穴の黒ずみの口コミ総括 毛穴の角栓に効果なし？ duoクレンジングバームは、毛穴の角栓に効果があるのでしょうか。それとも効果なしなのでしょうか。口コミを調査したパフォーマンス、角栓への効果がわかってきました。
口コミを調査 duoクレンジングバームの口コミを調査したパフォーマンス、毛穴の角栓に対する口コミが１５３トピックありました。
その１５３件の口コミの中には確かに、「毛穴の角栓に効果なし」といった書いている口コミがいくつかありました。
たとえば、そんな口コミだ。 こうした口コミを見ると、「duoクレンジングバームって効果ないのかも」って不安になりますよね。
も、しばし調査を進めてみましょう。
「 毛穴の角栓に効果なし」という口コミがあることはわかったけど、全体としての割合はどうなのでしょうか。
毛穴の角栓に対する１５３件の口コミを集大成調査し、評価が酷い商品って望ましいものに分けて数字してみましょう。
その結果がこちらです。 口コミ評価 口コミ個数 パーセンテージ 評価が腹黒い ４１ トピック ２７ ％ 評価が良い １１２トピック ７３ ％ 評価が悪い口コミは１５３トピック中で４１トピックでした。
パーセンテージとしては、２７百分率だ。
逆に言うと、評価が良かった口コミが７３百分率を占めるので、毛穴の角栓は「効果なし」というよりも却って、「効果がある」と言えますよね。
口コミ点数が４所後を「評価が悪賢い」ってし、５所限りを「評価が良い」というしました。
今日口コミの調査をした@cosmeそれでは、７所が最高所となります。
マナラホットクレンジングゲルと比較 duoクレンジングバームは、毛穴の角栓に効果がおっきいといった本当に当てはまるのか。
それを確認するために、他のクリーニングといった比較してみましょう。
そこで、クリーニングとして人気の高い「マナラホットクレンジングゲル」の毛穴の角栓に対する口コミ６０トピックを調査してみました。
口コミプラン 口コミ個数 パーセンテージ ボリューム評価 ２４ トピック ４０ ％ 低い評価 ３６トピック ６０ ％ 全体の４０百分率の人しか、毛穴の角栓に効果を実感していないのがわかりますね。
こういうパフォーマンスを、duoクレンジングバームと比較してみましょう。 一品 ボリューム評価口コミ パーセンテージ duo 112／153 ７３ ％ マナラ ２４／６０ ４０ ％ duoクレンジングバームのほうが毛穴の角栓に効果があることがわかります。
毛穴の角栓に効果が大きい要因 なぜ、duoクレンジングバームは毛穴の角栓に効果が大きいのでしょうか。
その理由として考えられるのが、次の二つだ。 角栓に効果がおっきい要因 自力成長の毛穴クリアカプセル「ナノマトリクス」の効果。
バームという外観が毛穴の角栓の取り外しに役に立つ。 duoクレンジングバームには、自力成長の「ナノマトリクス」という清掃マテリアルが使われてある。
こういうカプセルは、１ミリの１万分の１というがたいなので、毛穴の角栓やシミを敢然と取り外せます。 また、duoクレンジングバームの「バーム」という外観が、毛穴の角栓の取り外しに役立っていらっしゃる件もあります。
バームという外観は、方法にのせるまでは固形になっていて、手で暖めるって液体に変わる基調を持っています。
そのため、扱うためには１ごと方法の上であたためる必要があり、それを表情に塗りつける結果ハンド圧迫の効果が得られます。
温まったバームを表情にハンドプレスすると、毛穴が開いてシミやバームの普及が良くなる効果が期待できるというわけです。 duoクレンジングバームが毛穴の角栓に効果がおっきいのも、判る気がしますね。
二度とくわしく毛穴の黒ずみの口コミにあたって引っかかる人は、別の記事にもう一度くわしく書いていますので、そこもご覧ください。 ＞＞毛穴の角栓の口コミ総括 いちご鼻に効果なし？ duoクレンジングバームは、いちご鼻に効果があるのでしょうか。それとも効果なしなのでしょうか。口コミを調査したパフォーマンス、いちご鼻への効果がわかってきました。
口コミを調査 duoクレンジングバームの口コミを調査したパフォーマンス、いちご鼻に対する口コミが３１トピックありました。
その３１件の口コミの中には確かに、「いちご鼻には効果なし」といった書かた口コミがいくつかありました。
たとえば、こうした口コミだ。 あんな口コミを見てしまうと、「duoクレンジングバームっていちご鼻には効果なしじゃん！」って思ってしまうよね。
も、しばし調査を進めてみましょう。 「 いちご鼻に効果なし」という口コミがあることはわかったけど、全体としての割合はどれぐらいなのでしょうか。
いちご鼻に対する３１件の口コミを集大成調査し、「いちご鼻に効果なし」という口コミという、「いちご鼻に効果あり」という口コミを別個数字してみました。
その結果がこちらです。 口コミプラン 口コミ個数 パーセンテージ 効果なし ９ トピック ２９ ％ 効果あり １７トピック ６５ ％ 「 いちご鼻に効果なし」という口コミは３１トピック消息筋９トピックでした。
パーセンテージとしては 、２９百分率だ。 は、 「いちご鼻に効果あり」という口コミやる人が全体の７１百分率を占めるので、いちご鼻は「効果なし」というよりもむしろ、「効果がある」と言えそうですよね。
なおさらくわしくいちご鼻の口コミについて引っかかる人は、別の記事にもっとくわしく書いていますので、そこもご覧ください。 ＞＞いちご鼻の口コミ総括 ニキビに効果なし？ duoクレンジングバームは、ニキビに効果があるのでしょうか。それとも効果なしなのでしょうか。口コミを調査したパフォーマンス、ニキビへの効果がわかってきました。
口コミを調査 duoクレンジングバームの口コミを調査したパフォーマンス、ニキビに対する口コミが５０トピックありました。
その５０件の口コミの中には確かに、「ニキビに効果なし」と書いている口コミがいくつかありました。
たとえば、こんな口コミだ。 ニキビに効果がないどころか、新たにニキビができてしまったと書いてありますね。
では、惜しくも調査を進めてみましょう。
ニキビに対する５０件の口コミを集大成調査し、ニキビに効果があるかないかを数字してみましょう。
その結果がこちらです。 口コミプラン 口コミ個数 パーセンテージ 効果なし １４ トピック ２８ ％ 悪化した １３トピック ２６ ％ 効果あり ２３トピック ４６ ％ ニキビに効果なしという口コミは５０トピック中で１４トピックでした。
パーセンテージとしては、２８百分率だ。
また、ニキビが悪化したという口コミは５０トピック中で１３トピックでした。
パーセンテージとしては、２６百分率だ。 は、 「ニキビに効果なし・悪化した」と口コミした人が全体の５４百分率を占めることになります。 ただ、「ニキビに効果があった」と口コミした人も４６百分率いるので、ニキビにも随分効果があると言えそうですね。
マナラホットクレンジングゲルって比較 duoクレンジングバームは、ニキビへの効果が厳しいと本当に当てはまるのか。
それを確認するために、「マナラホットクレンジングゲル」といった比較してみましょう。
マナラホットクレンジングゲルのニキビに対する口コミ４０トピックを調査した結果がこちらです。
口コミプラン 口コミ総締め パーセンテージ ニキビに効いた １３／４０ ３２ ％ ニキビが悪化し た １６／４０ ４０ ％ ニキビに変化無し １１／４０ ２８ ％ 全体の３２百分率の人しか、ニキビへの効果を実感していないのがわかりますね。
こういうパフォーマンスを、duoクレンジングバームと比較してみましょう。 一品 ボリューム評価口コミ パーセンテージ duo ２３／５０ ４６ ％ マナラ １３／４０ ３２ ％ duoクレンジングバームのほうが、ニキビへの効果を実感している人が多いことがわかります。
一層、ニキビが悪化した人を比較してみましょう。 一品 ニキビが悪化 した口コミ パーセンテージ duo １３／５０ ２６ ％ マナラ １６／４０ ４０ ％ duoクレンジングバームのほうが、ニキビが悪化した人も乏しいようですね。
ニキビへの効果が良い要因 duoクレンジングバームが、ニキビへの効果が良いのはなぜなのでしょうか。
ニキビへの効果が良い理由は３つあります。
ニキビへの効果が厳しい要因 自力成長の毛穴クリアカプセル「ナノマトリクス」の効果。
清掃マテリアルがお肌に残留断ち切る（残らない）から。
スクラブ剤・ピーリング剤としていないから。 duoクレンジングバームの自力工学です毛穴クリアカプセル「ナノマトリクス」は、１ミリの１万分の１後という小ささだ。
こういうちっちゃなカプセルが毛穴のシミを除去してくれるので、ニキビの大敵である皮脂シミをキレイに取り除いていただける。
さらに、非常にちっちゃなカプセルなので洗顔立ちもスッキリして、余分なマテリアルがお肌に残る心配もありません。
その結果、duoクレンジングバームはニキビへの効果が期待できて、ニキビが悪化始める心配も少ない商品になっているんですね。 duoクレンジングバームの口コミ効果総括 duoクレンジングバームの口コミを調査したパフォーマンス、以下のことがわかりました。
毛穴の黒ずみへの効果を実感している人は、全体の８０％。
毛穴の角栓への効果を実感している人は、全体の７３％。
いちご鼻への効果を実感している人は、全体の７１％。
ニキビへの効果を実感している人は、全体の４６百分率（悪化したのは２６％）。 duoクレンジングバームは、「毛穴に効果なし」どころか、やっぱり効果が極めて厳しいことがわかりましたね。
以上で、duoクレンジングバームの口コミの調査はラストだ。 ご注意ください！ 購入やるメールオーダーサイトによっては、払い戻し証拠が付かない場合があります。 当サイトでは払い戻し証拠が確実に付いているメールオーダーサイトをご紹介してある。 ＞＞購入の流れをチェックする つながり記事 duoクレンジングバームを最安値で買えるメールオーダーサイトはここ！ 目線 次 長い目で見て最高お得に買いたい人 単品をともかく安く買いたい人 お試しで使ってみたい人 duoクレンジングバームのメールオーダーサイトの最安値を調査 市販されているduoク レンジングバームの最安値 du ... つながり記事 duoクレンジングバームの値段カタロ
グ( 500 円 、1800 円、半額など ) 突然ですが、duoクレンジングバームの値段のカタログがこちらです。
値段販売店名容積種類 500円500円モニター２０ ｇ ( お試し ) 単品 1800 円 ( 半額 ) 半額プレゼン ト９０ ｇ ( 既存 ) 定期 便 ... 詳細はこちら duoクレンジングバームの記事カタログ 口コミについ て 口コ ミ３０００ トピックを調査したパフォーマンス 毛穴の角栓の口コミ総括 毛穴の黒ずみの口コミ総括 いちご鼻の口コミ総括 最高人気の記事を見極める 効果におい て
口コ ミ３０００ ト ピックから判明した効果総括 毛穴の角栓に効く比 は６９ ％ 毛穴の黒ずみに効く比 は９０ ％ いちご鼻に効く比 は０．５％！？ ニキビに効く比は６０ ％ 最高人気の記事を見分ける 購入誘引 一番安く支払える地点を調べてみました！ 薬 局５ ヶ 所で払えることが確認！ ドラッグストア( マツキヨ ) の方が安い？ duoクレンジングバームが選べるショップのカタログ duoクレンジングバームの値段カタロ グ( 500 円 、1800 円、半額など ) 最高人気の記事を見分ける おすすめ記事カタログ 1 効果なし？duoク レンジングバームの毛穴の悪い口コミを追究！ ※こういう記事は、duoク レンジングバームを１ウィーク使って毛穴の黒ずみを解消した、当サイトの用務員が書いております。 duoクレンジングバームの紹介を見ると、
「 毛穴に効果ありますよ！ 」 的 ... 2 duoクレンジングバームの使い方を変えて効果を２倍に講じる施術は
今回は、わたしが実践しているduoクレンジングバームの効果が２倍に繋がる使い方をご紹介します。
今日ご紹介するduoクレンジングバームの使い方による結果、わたしは１ウィークで毛穴の黒ずみが解消できまし
... 3 【関心】duoクレンジングバームはお風呂では使えません！ duoクレンジングバームは、お風呂で使えるのでしょうか。
結論から言ってしまうとduoクレンジングバームはお風呂の中では使えません。
目線 次 duoクレンジングバームがお風呂で使えない要因 お風呂でも ... 4 duoクレンジングバームを朝取り扱うときの強みといったデメリット duoクレンジングバームは、朝の洗顔の代わりにも使っていいのでしょうか。 結論から言ってしまうとduoク レンジングバームは朝の洗顔の代わりに使えます。 しかし、duoク レンジングバームを朝扱う場合には ... 5 ※驚愕※薬局５ヶ所でduoクレンジングバームが選べることが確認！
今日、独自にduoクレンジングバームが支払える薬局を調査した企業、有名な薬局５ヶ所でduoクレンジングバームが払えることがわかりました。 「 duoクレンジングバームは薬局それでは販売されていません」という
... 6 duoクレンジングバームを最安値で支払えるメールオーダーサイトはここ！ 目線 次 長い目で見て最高お得に買いたい人 単品をさっそく安く買いたい人 お試しで使ってみたい人 duoクレンジングバームのメールオーダーサイトの最安値を調査 市販されているduoク レンジングバームの最安値 du ...
DUO ザクレンジングバームの口コミ！アラサーの自分が効果なしか遂行調べ
DUO ザクレンジバーム 30 年になってから毛穴シミやくすみが酷くなり、それほどいちご鼻が気になり始めました。
そこでビューティーコスメティックで有名な『DUOザクレンジングバーム
』を試してこういう毛穴の黒いシミや、くすんで弾力のないスキンがどこまで良くなるか心がけることに♪
DUO クレンジングバーム 口コミ 本ブログそれでは 「 みんなの口コミ 」 や「私のビフォーアフターフォト」を掲載して、正直レビューしていますので、ぜひチェックしてみてください。
また当サイト限定 でDUO ザクレンジングバームの500円モニター( 毎日先 着1,000言い方・送料無料)実施中なので、では週間スキンに合うか試してみたいパーソンにはおすすめだ^^
↓当サイト向け！500円モニターがやれる↓ 即時DUO500円モニターに参加したいパーソンはこちら たちまちビフォーアフターを見極める 中身 [ 非掲示 ]
1 DUO ザクレンジングバームの口コミ！アラサーの自分が効果なしか遂行調べ
2 DUOザクレンジングバームの公式インターネットの口コミはうそ？本当？
3 DUOザクレンジングバームの口コミ・高名をアットコスメで調べてみました
4 DUOザクレンジングバームの口コミ・評判のデメリット・強みをまとめると・・・
5 DUOザクレンジングバームを購入して使ってみた！私のいちご鼻のビフォーアフターフォトを売り出し
DUOザクレンジングバームの公式インターネットの口コミはうそ？本当？ すぐさま、DUOザクレンジングバームを購入するために公式インターネットをチェックしてみると口コミは良い口コミしかのっていません。
DUO ザクレンジングバーム 口コミ 公式インターネットの口コミ 公式インターネットは良い口コミしか載ってないので、クライアントの引っかかる「悪い口コミ・こうした人にはおすすめけど、こんな人にはおすすめではない」ということが分からないですよね。 ひいては「個人のメッセージで効果を保証するものではございません」という決まりセリフも。
DUOザクレンジングバーム公式インターネットの口コミ それなら自分で個人のメッセ
