Government officials from 10 countries sent Google an open letter ( PDF ) this week asking the company to adhere to a list of privacy principles in the wake of the company 's botched Buzz launch .
The leaders , which include officials from Canada , France , Germany , Ireland , Israel , Italy , the Netherlands , New Zealand , Spain , and the UK , make it clear that they understand Google swiftly responded to user complaints immediately after Buzz was opened to the public .
Still , they 're unsatisfied with Google 's " launch now , fix later " philosophy and want to ensure the company takes privacy into serious consideration before launching future products .
In the letter sent directly to Google CEO Eric Schmidt , the officials opened with criticism of how Google handled its Buzz launch in February of this year .
The privacy problems " were serious and ought to have been readily apparent to you , " reads the letter , and users were able to recognize the privacy implications immediately .
Indeed , users were put off by the fact that Google automatically associated their previously private Gmail contacts as friends , automatically sharing Google Reader items , and automatically sharing photos uploaded to users ' public Picasa Web Albums .
Google responded days later by changing Buzz 's default settings to appease the masses , but the damage was already done and many were baffled as to how Google could not have envisioned these complaints ahead of time .
The letter points this out : " While your company addressed the most privacy - intrusive aspects of Google Buzz in the wake of this public protest [...] we remain extremely concerned about how a product with such significant privacy issues was launched in the first place .
We would have expected a company of your stature to set a better example . "
In addition to Google Buzz , the officials also hammered on Google Street View — a source of continued complaints ( particularly in the EU ) .
Google decided to start blurring the faces of people caught on the street after the fact and users continue to raise concerns over the hurdles required to have things blurred or images removed altogether .
The group asks Google to adhere to " fundamental privacy principles " when designing new services .
These principles include collecting the minimum amount of personal information necessary , providing clear information to users about how it will be used , creating privacy - protective default settings , and ensuring that the settings are prominent and easy to understand .
The timing of the 10 governments is uncanny , as Google recently published its own letter to the Federal Trade Commission on privacy .
Google says it supports transparency and user control when it comes to Internet services , as well as " comprehensive privacy standards " and data portability .
In a meeting with Ars in February , Google reps insisted that it launched Buzz in a way that it thought users would enjoy , and that the company thought the existing privacy controls were enough .
The automatic connections were meant to help users get started with Buzz — " people are more likely to use something if they see their friends on it , " one representative told us — but the company learned its lesson after the fact .
Google may not have launched Buzz with any malice , but it's that level of ignorance that disturbs us ( and clearly the leaders of these 10 countries ) .
Google is certainly not the only company that has been in the spotlight lately for privacy gaffes , but it has now become the official poster child when it comes to respecting the personal information of its users .
Google needs to step it up with its product launches by making the settings for new services as closed as possible by default and easy to tweak , even if that might stifle initial adoption .
If that happens , users will undoubtedly appreciate the extra attention paid to their privacy and Google might have a chance at turning its image around from a company that repeatedly makes stupid privacy mistakes to one that is conscious of how Internet users want to relate to one another ( hint : it 's on their own terms ) .
What 's the one lifestyle change I could make that would have the most positive environmental impact ?
B Levy , by email
First , many thanks to all those who have already responded to this chewy , yet rather fascinating subject .
There is a fantastic range of answers and arguments below which prove just how tricky this question is to answer definitively .
In fact , the responses to date prove quite comprehensively that there is no single - answer response , although I think it is very telling just how often the issues of rearing children and eating meat have come up during the debate .
Is this because they are so emotive , or because they really are up there as the most important issues ?
A bit of both , I like to think .
I have actually tackled this question before , albeit with a subtly different focus .
Three years ago , I was asked : " If I was to do just one thing to help combat climate change , what should it be ? "
As with now , some similar themes came up when I went searching for answers .
To summarise : cars , babies , steaks and boilers .
But there are some additional suggestions below which I think deserve equal attention .
For example , GreenerTogether makes the simple point :
Think before you buy anything !
Social , economic and environmental impacts .
The " buy less " theme seems popular , as does the " fly less " , but I was particularly interested by the response of FC1967 who displayed a real sense of weariness that the self - sacrifice message just does n't cut it with many people .
No real surprises there , I guess , but I thought the concluding point was telling :
The one big change , and the only one that will really make a difference , is to become an environmental activist .
Everyone with a conscience should be campaigning at least 10 hours a month .
In the search for more insight , I decided to put B Levy 's question to some other interested parties .
Again , it 's interesting how varied the answers are .
First , here 's what a Greenpeace spokesperson had to say :
The answer to this question obviously differs from person to person and family to family , depending on what their lifestyles already involve .
But for many people the single biggest and most simple way to reduce their emissions will be to reduce flying .
Britons already emit more per capita from flying that any other nation on Earth , so there 's a lot of room for reductions .
People who saw Age of Stupid [ an eco documentary ] will remember the family with the carbon calculator realising that by taking the train instead of flying they made a real difference .
Friends of the Earth takes a somewhat different tack .
As with FC1967 , it believes " getting active " is the most profound single step you can take :
Lifestyle changes are important .
We should all do what we can to minimise our environmental footprint .
It also signals to politicians that we are serious about treading lightly on the planet .
But if people want to know the one thing they can do to we want to make the most positive environmental impact Friends of the Earth 's advice would be - get active !
Friends of the Earth 's campaign for a new climate change law - The Big Ask - highlights the success of people power .
Over the course of the three - and - a - half year campaign nearly 200,000 spoke to their MP directly - by letters , email , posting a video clip , or in person , calling for a tough new law to tackle climate change .
As a result , a new law to slash UK emissions by at least 80 % by 2050 was passed in October 2008 - the first national legislation of its kind anywhere in the world .
This prompted Nick Robinson , BBC political editor to say : ' People often ask : " Does anything change politics ? "
Well it has here . '
There are lots of issues to get active around .
Friends of the Earth is currently running campaigns for the new government to tackle international greenhouse gas emissions , stop deforestation caused by the UK 's dependence on imported feeds for factory farmed meat and dairy and to ensure that local councils play their part in cutting carbon .
I also sought the views of the Energy Saving Trust .
It said :
Energy Saving
Trust believe that everyone can and should make more than one lifestyle change , to help lower our carbon footprint .
As we are experts within the home we recommend insulating and driving less , because if everybody took this up then there would be no/very few negative environmental effects .
Ditching the car for a year could save around three tonnes of CO2 per year , on average .
Installing solid wall insulation could save two tonnes CO2 per year .
Replacing your oil central heating with a wood fuelled boiler – 4.6 tonnes of CO2 saved per year providing wood fuel is locally sourced .
( All these are based on average or typical behaviours / house types . )
For a different angle , this pie chart may help .
From the issues we deal with , transport and space heating are the actions which produce the most CO2 ( transport not included on this chart below ) .
Therefore , insulating your house as best as possible to reduce heating needs will have a huge impact on CO2 emissions .
However , personally , I think my favourite response so far has been from BeinnSgritheall .
I think just the simple act of talking about these issues with other people is one of the most important agents for change :
Change the minds of those around you .
Discuss , argue , debate .
Make this a tea break , dinner - table discussion .
I suggest that those responding to this article are already doing more than the average - the crucial thing is bring others doing little or nothing into the debate .
Everyone I know seems to have a Daily Mail - informed sceptic or denier in their family - but few seem prepared to broach the subject .
Yet we can , over time , change the prevailing social mores - smoking being a key example .
That should be our aim , one chat at a time .
• Please send your own environment question to ask.leo.and.lucy@guardian.co.uk
On 10 May Leo originally wrote :
It 's time to roll up our collective sleeves and face one of the trickiest questions of them all .
Given the variables in all our lives - geography , income , age etc - it 's hard to see how we could ever settle on one definitive answer , but let 's at least give it a go .
Is it ditching the car ?
Having fewer , or no , children ?
Eating less meat ?
Installing solar panels ?
Living in a smaller home ?
Donating money to an environmental charity ?
Participating in direct - action protest ?
Er , voting for change ?
The list is long .
As always , please share your thoughts and I 'll return to join the discussion on Friday .
A rendering of the final stage of the Garden ’s transformation .
The Times has a pretty extensive timeline of the upcoming renovations to Madison Square Garden — or should we say , the ongoing renovations , since they ’ve already spent $ 60 million on areas not visible to the public .
The major work , however , will be done during the summers of 2011 , 2012 , and 2013 .
Some of the more interesting details , after the jump .
• Turner Construction needs twenty consecutive weeks to work during the summer , beginning when the Knicks ’ and Rangers ’ seasons end .
A deep postseason run by either team — and we understand the Knicks have plans to try for one of those in the next couple of years — would mean the Rangers , whose schedule begins first , could be forced to start their season in October with an extended road trip .
• The Liberty will have to play their games elsewhere during the renovation .
The Times suggests the Prudential Center in Newark as an alternative home , though the last time the Liberty were booted from the Garden — because of the 2004 Republican National Convention — they played games at Radio City Music Hall .
• The Play by Play sports bar will soon shut down for good .
• When the arena opens in October 2011 , about 1,500 seats in the upper bowl will be covered , though Hank Ratner , the president and chief executive of the Garden , said they should be ready early in the season .
Most of these seats wo n’t belong to season - ticket holders , though some season subscribers will be temporarily relocated .
• The final phase in the renovation — though the Garden would prefer not to call it a renovation , since it ’s a new building within the existing shell , or something — will include , among other things , a new open - air lobby on Seventh Avenue and two bridges spanning the arena lengthwise that will hover over the seating bowl .
• Oh , and the cost — once estimated to be $ 500 million — has ballooned to between $ 775 million and $ 850 million .
Madison Square Garden to Slow for Construction [ NYT ]
Vast amounts of mayonnaise continue to spill into Lake Michigan after an explosion at the Kraft Foods factory blasted a hole in a pipeline used to manufacture the sandwich spread .
NORTHFIELD , IL —
Vast amounts of mayonnaise continue to spill into Lake Michigan after an explosion at the Kraft Foods factory blasted a hole in a pipeline used to manufacture the sandwich spread .
Experts have estimated the greasy white dressing is spewing into the water at the rate of 700,000 jars per day .
Hundreds of egrets , blue herons and cranes that make their homes in and around the lake have been immobilized on the shores , their feathers completely drenched with the tasty blend of emulsified vegetable oil and egg yolks .
Environmentalists are working around the clock to save the birds , painstakingly cleaning each feather before releasing the fouls back into the wild .
The task is arduous and exhausting .
“ You ever try wiping mayo off a piece of bread ? ” asked Thomas Loungerelle , a volunteer with the Audubon Society .
“ That ’s kind of what we ’re doing , only the bread is really nasty smelling and you gotta wear gloves ’ cause you might catch a horrible disease or something … ”
In a press conference , President Obama called the spill an “ environmental catastrophe . ”
“ We all agree on the need to break our mayonnaise dependency from countries such as Japan , Germany and Holland , and find new sources of the delicious , creamy sauce here at home , ” said the President , “ but we must do it in a responsible manner , and not at the expense of destroying our environment . ”
A spokesperson for Kraft said his company is using all its resources to prevent the mayo from spreading further , including stocking the lake with thousands of tuna fish .
“ We ’re hoping the tuna will absorb the mayonnaise , ” explained Vice President Myron Kepplehorn .
“ If it works — aside from creating some very fat fish — everything should get back to normal in a matter of weeks — that is , if we can figure out where all this mayonnaise is coming from and how to stop it . ”
Obama called the response from the food giant “ woefully insufficient , ” and said he will be creating a new position of Condiment Czar to find out what went wrong and prevent such mishaps in the future .
“ I have asked Congress to remove mayonnaise oversight from the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms , ” he said , “ and put it into the hands of someone more experienced in these types of investigations . ”
That “ experienced someone ” is none other than lame - duck Senator Arlen Specter , who the President has appointed to run the new department .
Specter — who achieved notoriety in the 1960s for devising the “ single - bullet theory ” to explain how one lone gunman could fire six shots from three different directions within five seconds to kill the hopes and dreams of 250 million Americans — has already reached some startling conclusions .
The five - term senator announced that while much of the public believes Hellman ’s and Best Foods are two completely different mayonnaises , he has successfully determined that they are “ one and the same product . ”
“ And hopefully , ” he added , “ we ’ll figure out what the hell Miracle Whip is . ”
It went right down to the wire with perhaps his final season soon drawing to a close , but Teemu Selanne hit a series of important career milestones in recent days .
First the Finnish Flash joined a select club , becoming the 18th NHLer , and second Finn , to score 600 regular season goals in the NHL .
A few games later he notched his 601st to draw even with countryman Jari Kurri .
Then last game he scored a pair of powerplay markers against Vancouver to pull ahead of Kurri and establish himself as the leading Finnish goal - scorer in NHL history .
Can Selanne now lay claim to being the greatest Finnish hockeyist ever ?
Well that 's a tough call .
As a big fan of both players I was kind of hoping that Selanne would hit 601 just as the season was ending and the two would wind up dead even .
That said , regular season goals are just a single measure of their relative merits , and even those were largely scored in different eras .
Surely there is little argument that these two rank head and shoulders above any other Finn to lace up the blades .
Born a decade apart , the two Helsinki natives are friends - witness Kurri 's recent visit to Anaheim to participate in a ceremony honouring the 600th , and staying in Selanne 's home - with a long association .
Growing up in the 80s , young Teemu hung Jari 's picture over his bed .
Growing old gracefully in the 21st Century , General Manager Kurri had the formality of choosing Selanne to play , and medal , on the high - powered Finnish Olympic team .
In between times , their careers overlapped on the ice : with Jokerit during the First Bettman Lockout , with the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim in 1996 - 97 , with Finland at the Nagano Olympics .
Where lest we forget , Finland won bronze , beating Canada 3 - 2 in the third place game .
But which one was better ?
A good case can be made for both Finnish stars .
After the jump , we 'll examine some of the statistical evidence and blend in healthy doses of observation and opinion .
First , I must admit an observational bias .
I watched Jari Kurri play live close to 500 times over the years , as I was full season ticket holder during his entire career in Edmonton .
Teemu Selanne 's great rookie season was my last one before I had to let my tickets lapse , and of course he was never an Oiler , so I have only seen him play maybe 10 games live over his storied career .
Boxcars :
Kurri ******** 1251 GP , 601-797-1398 , +298 , 545 PiM
Selanne **** 1184 GP , 603-654-1257 , +92 , 521 PiM
* * *
Offence :
Kurri's lead as the career scoring leader is safe , even as Selanne has usurped his goal - scoring crown .
Jari was the more productive on a per-game basis , scoring 1.12 P/G compared to Teemu's 1.06 .
That said , Kurri had two distinct , and distinctly related , advantages .
His best years were spent during the high - scoring 80s when goal scoring was higher around the league .
It was the Gretzky Era , and nowhere was scoring higher than on Wayne Gretzky 's team , not to mention Wayne Gretzky 's line .
Jari Kurri was the right man in the right place and time , one whose game was the perfect foil to Gretzky's .
Moreover , he adapted after the trade of the Great One to become his line 's primary puck carrier and distributor .
Selanne meanwhile began his career after the 80s were over and goal scoring on the serious decline .
A speedster who has been ever - dangerous on the rush , the Finnish Flash was himself the last NHLer to score 70 goals in a season , way back in his rookie season of 1992 - 93 .
When one adjusts for era affects , as hockey - reference.com has done , Selanne has 643 " adjusted goals " to Kurri's 503 .
Each player was a great passer as well as a finisher .
Each wound up among the NHL top ten scorers on six occasions , and each was a runner - up for the Art Ross twice .
Advantage : Selanne
* * *
Defence :
Once when at a game , one of my pals asked what are Kurri 's vital statistics ?
and I just blurted out " two hundred by eighty - five " .
Both the question and the answer came right out of left field , but it was a perfect description of one of the great two - way players it has ever been my pleasure to watch .
A wonderful skater , Kurri 's positional play was close to perfect .
When Oilers were on the attack he would lurk in the high slot finding open ice to unleash his devastating shot , all the while being the high forward in the best position to hightail it back on those inevitable occasions a high - risk pass went the other way .
When the other guys had the puck he was a gap - closer rather than a hitter , with a deadly array of stick checks .
( They did n't track takeaways in those days , but if they did Gretzky and Kurri would both have been right up top of the list for sure . )
Once he did win possession he had a marvelous first pass , often to Gretzky .
The Oilers were famous for their transition game , and Jari Kurri was its embodiment .
Selanne is competent defensively , but is primarily considered an offensive threat .
Advantage : Kurri
* * *
Special Teams :
Selanne remains a great powerplayer , ranking 9th on the all - time list with 218 career powerplay goals .
More than half ( 78 of 151 ) of his goals since the lockout have been scored with the man advantage , which has been a key to Teemu 's continuing productivity deep into his career .
Selanne has been rarely - used as a penalty killer , scoring just 7 shorthanded goals in his career .
Kurri was a fine powerplayer in his own right , scoring 155 career goals with the man advantage .
He also shone as a great penalty - killer , scoring 39 shorthanded goals in his career ( plus 10 more in the playoffs ) .
His PPG : SHG ratio of ~ 4:1 is much more balanced than Selanne 's > 30:1 , speaking to Kurri 's all - around game .
Shorties hardly tell the full story of Kurri 's penalty - killing prowess ; he was his coach 's first choice to play in a 3 - on - 5 or 3 - on - 4 situation .
Even in his final season in Colorado ( NHL.com 's first of maintaining TOI stats )
Kurri was still playing almost 3 minutes a game on the PK unit ; Selanne has never played even 1:00 / G during any of the dozen seasons on record .
Advantage : Kurri
* * *
Playoffs :
This is the area of greatest difference between the two .
The boxcars are stark :
Kurri ******** 200 GP , 106-127-233 , +73 * (* incomplete )
Selanne **** 105 GP , 35-37-72 , - 12
Kurri scored 1.12 P/G during his regular season career , and upped the ante to 1.17 P/G in the post season .
Selanne 's scoring levels on the other hand dropped more than a third , from 1.06 P/G to just 0.69 in the playoffs .
Selanne has never exceed a point per game in a single playoff season , while Kurri did so 10 seasons in a row !
Jari led all playoff goal scorers in four different seasons ( 1984 , 1985 , 1987 , 1988 ) , and holds NHL records for goals in a playoff season and in a series .
His +73 ranks second all - time * in playoffs ( * records maintained since 1984 ) , whereas Selanne has been a minus player over the course of his career .
Advantage : Kurri
* * *
Awards :
Selanne has won three individual trophies during his career , the Calder in 1992 - 93 , the Masterton in 2005 - 06 , and the first Rocket Richard trophy in 1998 - 99 .
The Richard is one trophy which can be confidently projected into the past , and Teemu would have shared this award on two other occasions earlier in his career had it existed , twice tying for the league lead in goals .
Selanne also made the All - Rookie Team as well as four end - of - season All - Star Teams .
Kurri won just one trophy in his career , the Lady Byng in 1984 - 85 .
He led the NHL in goals the next season and would have won the Richard had it existed at the time .
Many people in these parts felt Kurri should have won one or more Selke Trophies in his career but it never happened .
Kurri did make five end - of - season All - Star Teams , and likely would have made the All - Rookie Team had it existed in 1980 .
Advantage : Selanne
* * *
Team success :
A member of three President 's Trophy winners or equaivalent , Kurri became the first Finn to win the Stanley Cup in 1984 .
He made 7 trips to the Stanley Cup Finals , winning all but the first and the last .
Selanne finally broke through with the Ducks in 2007 , joining the select list of Finns who have won the Grail :
Jari Kurri 5 ( all with EDM )
Esa Tikkanen 5 ( 4 with EDM , 1 with NYR )
Reijo Ruotsalainen 2 ( both with EDM )
Jere Lehtinen 1 ( DAL )
Ville Nieminen 1 ( COL )
Teemu Selanne 1 ( ANA )
Valtteri Filppula 1 ( DET )
It 's worth noting that 11 of the 16 Stanley Cup rings acquired by Finnish players over the years were won by members of the Edmonton Oilers .
Advantage : Kurri
* * *
International play :
Kurri was otherwise occupied most post - seasons , but represented his country as often as he could , playing in the World Championships in both 1982 and 1989 - the only two years his Oilers were eliminated in the first round of the playoffs - as well as ' 91 and ' 94 .
In those four tourneys Jari posted excellent numbers : 32 GP , 19 - 19 - 38 , finally winning a silver medal in 1994 .
He also participated in four Canada / World Cups as well as Olympic Games in 1980 and 1998 that bookended his career , winning bronze in 1998 .
Kurri has also served as GM of the Finnish team , however this comparison is only about on - ice accomplishments so those successes will be discounted .
Selanne played in five World championships of his own , posting 43 GP , 25 - 23 - 48 , winning a silver medal in 1999 and bronze in 2008 .
He played in three Canada / World Cups , capturing silver in 2004 .
Teemu notably participated in 5 Olympic Games , where he is the all - time career scoring leader with 31 GP , 20 - 17 - 37 .
( His last point in Vancouver broke a four - way tie with Valeri Kharlamov ( URS ) , Vlastimil Bubnik ( CZE ) , and Harry Watson ( CAN ) . )
Selanne received three Olympic medals , silver in 2006 and bronze in 1998 and 2010 .
In all he received six medals - 3 silver , 3 bronze - representing Finland .
Advantage : Selanne
* * *
Conclusion :
The seven chosen categories split out 4 - 3 in favour of Kurri .
Moreover , what I see as the three most lopsided categories , defensive play , playoff performance , and team success , all favour the older man .
It is therefore my opinion that Jari Kurri is the greatest player in the history of Finnish hockey .
Wow , this young guy sure is fast - I think I 'd be pushing daisies now had it been me on that sidewalk .
NFI - No Further
Info on the clip , sorry .
The Pemberton Family wants to thank the visionaries at the Boeing company for making this piece of history a reality .
These pictures were taken by Ryan Pemberton May 8 2010 at 2:30 PM
West of Mt. Rainer South East of Seattle at 12,000 ft .
The outside air temp was - 13 degrees .
Photo Subject : 1928 Boeing 40C 5339 Serial number 1043 is the oldest flying Boeing aircraft of any kind and considered the first successful airliner in the US .
5339 was delivered to Pacific Air Transport a division of Boeing Lines to fly CAM 8 in July of 1928 .
The airplane crashed Oct 2 1928 in southern Oregon when Northbound from Medford to Portland .
The airplane was recovered in the 1990's by the Oregon Aviation Historical Society and purchased by Addison Pemberton in 2000 .
The aircraft was restored over an eight year period and first flown after restoration Feb 2008 .
Boeing 40C pilot Addison Pemberton / owner .
John Bevan B40 passenger Photo Plane A36 Bonanza flown by Randy Ingraham of Spokane with his wife Julie .
Taryn Pemberton provided camera support in the photo plane .
Safety / weather scout plane C - 185 flown by Jay Pemberton .
Photographer Ryan Pemberton of Spokane using a Cannon D40 / stabilized 200 mm lenses with 12 megapixel resolution .
Photo Subject : Boeing 787 Serial number 001 Dreamliner flown by Michael Carriker , Boeing flight test pilot and his crew .
Theses image capture the Boeing Legacy contrasting the oldest and the newest aircraft in flight near their Seattle environment .
Specially for girls .
On this first Monday of the year 2009 we put a series of sexy guys .
You see , I ’m thinking of you .
Piratinnen / Piraten ?
Wir sind Teil des Ganzen !
Der Postgender - Anspruch der Piratenpartei wird in der breiten Öffentlichkeit leider häufig missverstanden .
Oft wird das Bild einer strukturell frauenfeindlichen Partei erzeugt und man will uns glauben machen , dass es zu wenig / keine aktiven Piraten in der Piratenpartei gibt , die weiblichen Geschlechtes sind bzw .
denen man ein weibliches Geschlecht zuordnet .
Doch es gibt uns – und wir sind ein genauso bunter Haufen wie der Rest der Partei !
Und auch wenn die meisten von uns sich nicht auf Grund ihres Geschlechtes in den Fokus der Aufmerksamkeit drängen wollen , haben wir lernen müssen , dass die Partei der Öffentlichkeit voraus ist .
Daher wollen sich auf dieser Seite aktive Piraten / Piratinnen vorstellen , die sich selbst als weiblich verstehen .
Sie wollen Betroffenen ebenso wie der Öffentlichkeit die vielfältige Existenz weiblicher Piraten sichtbar machen .
Für uns selbstverständlich : Politische Arbeit ist unabhängig von einem ( vermeintlichen ) Geschlecht .
Wir gehen davon aus , dass Menschen nicht nach ihrem Geschlecht , gleich ob selbst oder von anderen zugewiesen , bewertet , behandelt oder in ihrem Verhalten beeinflusst werden sollten .
Im Speziellen betrachten wir daher natürlich auch politische Arbeit als unabhängig von einem vermeintlichen Geschlecht .
Jede Piratin , jeder Pirat , die / der sich als Frau sieht , von der Gesellschaft als Frau bezeichnet wird oder sich aus anderen Gründen als weibliches Parteimitglied öffentlich darstellen möchte , wird aufgefordert , dies zu tun .
Also , bitte tragt Euch ein – wer Hilfe benötigt , meldet sich bitte bei Kine , Isabaellchen , Tussi , Dave oder Spiff ( weitere Hilfesteller sind ausdrücklich erwünscht ! ) .
Twitter - Hashtag : # FidP
Ihr unterstützt diese Aktion ?
Dann lasst es uns wissen : FidP - Unterstuetzer
Eine allgemeine Seite " Warum bin ich Pirat ? " findet Ihr übrigens unter Ich_bin_Pirat .
Friedrich Schiller : " Es ist eine Sprache , die alle Menschen verstehen , diese ist , gebrauche deine Kräfte .
Wenn jeder mit seiner ganzen Kraft wirkt , so kann er dem andern nicht verborgen bleiben . "
Tired of watching the value of your shares falling ?
Looking for an alternative investment that puts money back into your local community and which has tax advantages ?
And one that promotes renewable energy while at the same time paying a reasonable rate of return ?
If this strikes a chord with you , it might be worth investing in one of the growing band of " community interest companies " ( CICs ) that are now vying with the banks for your money .
CICs are a new - style type of limited company designed for those wishing to operate for the benefit of the community rather than owners or individuals .
Their number has boomed in recent years – and if the new coalition government increases capital gains tax , as is widely expected , the sector will get a further shot in the arm as wealthy investors seek new ways to avoid handing over large sums to the Treasury .
Many CICs are tiny outfits not seeking external investors .
But others are open to investors from around the country .
An interesting example is Water Power Enterprises ( h2 oPE ) , which is seeking investors for its ground - breaking renewable hydroelectricity schemes that will provide clean , green electricity for the next 40 years or more .
It has already helped set up two community hydro schemes and has now launched a £ 1 m social share offer to finance a further two .
If all goes well , investors will get a return of around 3 % per annum after the first two years , rising to 5 % per annum in later years .
Minimum investment is just £ 250 and the maximum is £ 20,000 , and because it comes under the Enterprise Investment Scheme rules , investors can claim back 20 % of their initial investment against their income tax .
Given how low interest rates are on deposit accounts , it adds up to an attractive package .
The community - hydro company first featured in Guardian Money in September 2008 , when it appealed for investors to come up with £ 100,000 to help build a small - scale hydro scheme in Settle , North Yorkshire .
That scheme was oversubscribed .
Construction was completed last year and it started generating its first power last December .
Now the organisation has two new schemes on the go – one at Bainbridge , in the heart of the Yorkshire Dales , and another bigger , two - site scheme in Stockport , Manchester .
The concept is relatively simple .
In each case the money will be used to purchase and install a generating plant , which uses a modernised version of a 2,000 - year - old Greek invention – the Archimedean screw – whereby power is generated by water flowing over and rotating a large metal screw .
The green electricity is sold , giving the company an income , which eventually provides a return for investors .
At the Bainbridge site ( above ) , h2oPE has teamed up with River Bain Hydro to build a 45Kw system that will generate enough electricity to power 40 houses , saving 80 tonnes of carbon dioxide a year , or 3,000 tonnes over an expected lifetime of 40 years .
The aim is to raise £ 250,000 through a share offer to part - fund the scheme .
Work is due to start on site in the summer and the scheme will be generating electricity by the end of the year .
The rest of the money will be raised through loans from the Charity Bank and in grants .
The Yorkshire Dales National Park has donated £ 50,000 , and other donations are in the pipeline .
Meanwhile , Stockport Hydro has been created to develop a number of hydroelectric schemes .
Two sites on the River Goyt have been identified for development .
Initially , there will be Archimedean screws at Otterspool Weir and one at Stringer , with the possibility of more at a later date .
Investors will be asked to come up with £ 750,000 to fund this combined 130Kw scheme .
The electricity generated is the equivalent to that required to power around 130 homes .
Ideally , the organisers say , investors should be prepared to lock their money away for at least 10 years – and preferably longer .
This is not like investing in shares , which can be traded on the stock market at any time .
Investors who want to get out at a later date must sell them back to the owning society .
The organisers stress that money raised from the share issue will fund a not - for - profit organisation and investors should perhaps see it as a social rather than financial investment .
If you put your money in , you are unlikely to see any return at all for the first two years .
In the third , fourth and fifth years , you can expect a 3 % return and around 5 % in all future years assuming all goes well .
The dividends are taxed in the normal way .
Ideally , the organisers hope that the shares will be passed on to children , or relatives .
Any excess profits will be used to fund other green projects in the areas concerned .
Steve Welsh , MD of h2oPE , says they are increasingly looking to the ethical investment community to help fund the projects .
The Charity Bank , Joseph Rowntree Trust and the Co-op Fund are among its supporters .
" We 're looking for people who want a blended return on their investment ; people who are serious about ethical investments and are interested in long - term benefits .
Shareholders will take an active part in deciding how surplus monies will be spent , so investing in community hydro is a unique way to demonstrate commitment and support for sustainable environmental projects , " Welsh says .
H2 oPE says the share offers qualify for the Enterprise Investment Scheme , enabling individuals to get tax relief on investments of at least £ 500 .
Shares must be held for three years and 20 % of the value of the investment can be used as an " income tax reducer " in the year that the shares are purchased .
Before you reach for your cheque book , be aware that investing in such schemes is not without risk , and you could lose your money if the schemes go disastrously wrong .
Future returns will largely depend on the price the scheme can get for the electricity – difficult to predict when the project has a 40 - year lifespan .
It will also depend on water flows .
Last summer 's washout would have been great for such a scheme , but a lack of rain in the Dales in recent weeks has left the Bainbridge weir too dry to generate electricity , although the organisers have factored in a set number of dry days .
Welsh says the " model " has been developed each time , and those operating the new schemes have benefited from the experience of those who ran the first two .
For information on the schemes and to download a prospectus , visit h2ope.org.uk .
The closing date for the share offer is 9 June 2010
DOWNLOAD THE ENTIRE VIDEO @ JANESSA BRAZIL
Janessa truly loves what she does and it shows .
Janessa interacts with her members , fulfills requests and is online a majority of the time .
Make sure to catch Janessa on her webcam weekly where she does one for her members and does a few private cam shows .
Her site is constantly updated and currently has a lot of photos , videos and cam archives .
Beijing , China ( CNN ) --
While all eyes of the tech world were on Google 's annual developer 's conference in San Francisco last week , a recent gathering of the intelligentsia in the world 's largest Internet market went unnoticed .
" Would you like a Sex on the Beach ? " asked the Google China employee behind table covered with copious amounts of wine and liquor as guests arrived in waves -- women in short , summer cocktail dresses and men in untucked shirts and jeans .
The Google - China battle over censorship and attacks from Chinese hackers has largely fallen from the headlines after its March decision to move its search operations out of China .
But for the Beijing ' Googlers ' that remain , the saga continues as they see their once high cache dwindle and colleagues from the top down depart .
" Google had this halo of exceptionality around it , " said Dan Brody , who was the first employee hired by Google China in 2005 .
" The important thing to remember , like with any other country on the planet , when you try to get hired by Google , you feel so special , " said Brody , who worked on strategic partnerships for Google in China before leaving in 2008 to join another Web company in Beijing .
" The [ new ] corporate policy with China hit a lot of Chinese employees like a bucket of cold water in terms of not feeling the love from corporate headquarters . "
Moreover , former employees said the initial excitement and optimism when Google entered the China search market in 2005 was beset by ambivalence from company leaders in Mountain View from the start .
" Every few months there would be senior level discussions -- ' Why are we in China again ? ' -- from the very beginning , " said Andy Tian , a former employee at Google China in charge of strategic partnerships in the mobile industry .
" As Google grew in China and the issues only got bigger , the more you did , the more the people in the US felt like you were compromising . "
Taking up two floors of a villa in an exclusive apartment complex in central Beijing on a recent Saturday , the so - called " Google networking party " was the talk of the town among tech circles .
Anyone who was anybody -- Google employee , or not -- attended .
For those outside the Google circle , the Beijing technology community was curious :
What , exactly , are they working on after Google decided to shut down its Internet search engine in China and redirect users to its uncensored search engine in Hong Kong .
All most know is that the doors to Google 's Beijing offices are open , employees are showing up and they are working -- on something .
And they are also partying -- with each other and with employees from some of China 's biggest Web companies , including what was once Google 's main competitor on the mainland : the search giant Baidu .
On the second floor , a patio overlooking Beijing 's always congested highways , a current employee was reticent to discuss the one thing Google outsiders ( like this reporter ) wanted to know :
What 's going on with Google in China now that Google.cn is closed ?
" I will talk to you about Google when I leave Google , " said the employee who declined to be quoted by name .
Google acknowledges that stories are rife about what remains of their operations in Beijing and Shanghai , where they also have offices .
According to a company statement posted online in Chinese titled " Clearing Up the Rumors , " reports that offices have been closed and employees will be laid off are " simply not true . "
" Googlers working in China are in their offices as before , brainstorming products and talking to clients , " the statement , which was posted in January , said .
( In response to questions raised about the current work in Beijing , a Google spokesperson directed CNN to the online post . )
In its now infamous " New Approach to China " blog post , Google said it would retain its research and development team and sales force here .
Most recently , Google CEO Eric Schmidt said at a shareholders meeting last week in San Francisco that the situation in China " seems to be stable . "
Far from company sanctioned , the party was organized by an ex-Googler named Jeremy Chau who , after working for the search giant for nearly a decade , left to start an angel investment fund for tech start - ups in 2008 .
" This party had nothing to do with Google .
I quit Google .
I am not trying to recruit anyone from Google right now , " Chau said after the party .
Other Chinese companies , however , are , as a chorus line of top talent has left the company .
Google China 's engineering director Wang Jin joined Baidu in April followed by Zheng Zibin , former technical director of Google China .
Song Zhongjia , Google China general sales manager , is now the CEO of the Chinese lifestyle website Aibang.com .
Google , however , says the " leadership team " of its China operations remains intact .
But for employees planning their own Google China departure , the search giant told CNN " we respect their decision and wish them good luck . "
" Yeah , of course I receive a lot of calls ( from headhunters ) , " said a former Google employee now working as a human resources manager for a multinational firm that sells networking products .
She asked not to be named because she 's not authorized to speak to the press .
" They will ask if I still work for Google , and if I know someone who is currently working for Google but willing to explore more opportunities outside . "
But the " love from corporate headquarters " for its China operations has been lukewarm , at best , for years , according to interviews with several ex-Googlers .
For one , Google 's operations here have historically generated only around 5 percent of total revenues for the company .
" They did n't take it very seriously , " said one of Google 's top scientists who recruited away by Baidu .
" Because revenues from China were so small , it was not a big deal for them .
That is why I thought I needed to move . "
" ( At Baidu ) they are all Chinese , and they trust my capabilities , " he said .
" I can put what I learned into practice . "
To be sure , many Beijing employees still working for Google say they are content .
Yes , top talent has left and the sales team has largely dissolved .
But staff is now working on globally focused products , instead of China - specific ones .
And Google is still Google , after all .
" Most people are pretty happy , " said a Googler who spoke on the condition of anonymity .
" Google is still in a unique position in China .
You cannot find any company as open as Google .
A lot of exciting products are being developed , so a lot of things are going on .
It is very exciting working here . "
The China team , Google says , has always worked on both global and local projects and continues to do so : " As a result , saying they could n't get projects approved by the US is n't true , " a company spokesperson told CNN .
Still , the disappointment for many is still palpable .
The fallout from the search engine 's departure has meant an end to programs employees had been working on for years .
" Back in the sunny place called California , where there is lots of sunshine and people smile at you on the road and everything is great and where you enjoy your market share and where everyone treats you like God , you want to stick to your principles , " Tian said .
" You do n't appreciate the people who are here in China ... life is harder here .
Life is different , and people in the States do n't see that .
They do n't appreciate that , " Tian said .
" They see their so - called principles are getting bent and they do n't like that . "
Elevator jazz , assurances of " unusual call volumes , " having to leave your phone on speaker mode — waiting on hold stinks .
Free service LucyPhone can listen to the hold music for you , then call you back when a real human picks up .
Advertisement
Head to LucyPhone 's site , look up the number of the company you 're calling ( or add it to their database ) , then hand over your own number .
LucyPhone calls you and rings the company , Google - Voice - style , and you then navigate the company phone tree the way you normally would .
Want to quickly connect to an actual human ?
Try GetHuman 's database of phone shortcuts .
Advertisement
When you inevitably get put on hold , hit the star ( * ) key twice , and LucyPhone will take over and you can hang up .
When a human picks up on the other end , LucyPhone rings you back .
There 's a chance that if you do n't pick up fast enough , the representative might throw you back on hold — hit " ** " again , and LucyPhone jumps back in .
Services like the previously mentioned ( and now defunct ) Bringo have tried this setup before , and it'd be nice if LucyPhone implemented the same kind of skip - ahead - in - the - tree service of apps like Fonolo or Dial Zero .
Still , if you 've got a service call to make that can only happen during business hours , LucyPhone could be a real time saver .
Avoid phone trees with Bringo Web site Bringo calls customer service for you , navigates the automated phone tree , and then calls …
Read more
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
LucyPhone.com [ via Consumerist ]
Paul English , the cofounder of travel search engine Kayak.com , wants to blanket all of Africa with free and low - cost Wi -Fi .
It ’s a “ big , big project , ” one that will consume the next decade of his life , English tells FastCompany.com .
JoinAfrica aims to bring a world of information to a continent whose population only has 8.7 % Internet penetration right now .
At the core of JoinAfrica is the belief that providing basic Internet is as essential to society as clean water and power .
English plans to kick off the nonprofit / for - profit hybrid this summer by creating partnerships between
JoinAfrica and local African for - profit telcos .
JoinAfrica would first branch out existing Web connections in villages using , for example , simple WiMAC hubs .
Through these hubs , JoinAfrica would provide residents with free basic
Web service , including access to
email , Google , Wikipedia , and various news sources .
Downloads of data - rich video , porn , or other non-essential sites would be limited ( similar to what libraries in the U.S. do now ) via a process called “ bandwidth shaping . ”
Local for - profits would charge for upgraded access and faster connection speeds ,
and English is also searching for ways to make sure these local
companies continuously improve the service and lay more fiber .
“ I want
this to be completely self - sustaining , ” he says .
From his home in Boston , English says he ’s already bought satellite dishes and other gear and helped hook up villages in a number of African countries over the past decade , from Burundi to Uganda and Malawi to Zambia .
“ Having email and Skype has been transformative for the handful of
villages I ’ve worked in , ” he says .
He cites the example of a doctor who , unable to diagnose a patient ’s
rash , was able to take a photograph of it , email it to a doctor in
Boston , and then communicate online to find a cure–turns out the
mystery rash needed immediate treatment .
Soon , however , it became clear that one - off projects were n’t enough .
“ It occurred to me that there is something bigger that needs to be done , ” he says .
“ The continent of Africa has been so fucked over from an economic
standpoint — as an engineer , how do I use my skills to do something that ’s transformative ? ”
By Colette McBeth
Political correspondent , BBC News
Ed Miliband ( right ) said he thought long and hard about competing with David Both Ed and David Miliband have said their bid to be the next Labour Party leader will not affect family relations , but what divides the two brothers ?
Ed Miliband had wanted to wait until next week to launch his leadership campaign but it seems his constituency party in Doncaster North had other ideas .
After he told them last night he was going to run , one excited member immediately put a message on her Twitter page .
" Delighted that Ed Miliband has told party members he is going to run for leader , " it read .
The secret was out .
To be fair , it was anticipated .
Even by David , who after declaring his own hand was immediately asked about Ed .
His response was that brotherly love was stronger than politics .
In return Ed believes the contest wo n't drive a wedge between the two men .
Both went to Haverstock School in Camden , a comprehensive .
Both studied the same degree at the same Oxford College and served in Gordon Brown 's cabinet together
He said he had thought long and hard about his decision but both he and his brother agreed that the party needed the widest possible choice in the contest .
The brothers were born four and a half years apart and grew up in north London .
Their late father , Ralph , was a Marxist intellectual who arrived in Britain in 1940 , fleeing the Nazi advance into his native Belgium .
Both went to Haverstock School in Camden , a comprehensive .
Both studied the same degree at the same Oxford college and served in Gordon Brown 's cabinet together - the first brothers to have done so since 1938 .
Canvassing support
But there are differences between them too .
David was Tony Blair 's head of policy and seen as a politician of government .
Ed on the other hand was an adviser to Gordon Brown , and has support among the party and the unions .
Although he served as energy minister under Gordon Brown , some MPs feel it is Ed who would mark a bigger break with the last administration than his elder brother .
MPs have already started receiving calls from the Ed and David camps But David is the one who is better known outside the party .
One Labour backbencher put it like this : " The feeling is that Ed has the capacity to be a stronger candidate but there is a sense that he 's not completely grown into it yet .
" David was widely seen to have been a very good foreign secretary and is respected on the world stage but may appear a bit geeky . "
One supporter of Miliband Senior says he believes David can appeal to the party 's traditional core vote but also win back votes from the middle ground , the very ones needed to ensure electoral success .
Both the Ed and David camps have already started canvassing support .
Some MPs have received personal calls from Ed , others have been called by the former Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs minister Jim Fitzpatrick , on behalf of David .
One of the new intake of MPs said she had been contacted not just by Ed and David 's supporters , but by those gauging support for Ed Balls and Andy Burnham .
" They all seem like nice people .
I 'm going to wait for a few weeks and see what they have to say and then make up my mind , " she said .
The former Children 's Secretary Ed Balls , the former Health Secretary Andy Burnham and John Cruddas , the MP for Dagenham and Rainham in east London , are all possible contenders .
But as one MP put it , it is the candidate who not only has the right policies but a down to earth way of communicating them to the public that deserves to be the new leader of the Labour party .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Over 20,000 downloads and counting ( Over 100 / day ) !
The Over 20,000 downloads and counting ( Over 100 / day ) !
The Beginner ’s Guide to Vibram Five Fingers is a truly free PDF — requires no email sign - up and is a totally anonymous download .
The only “ cost ” is in clicking the link , which will start the PDF download .
It ’s been a long - time coming , and with ever more interest in Vibram Five Fingers barefoot shoes with each passing week ( and Lieberman ’s research on impact forces in heel - striking vs forefoot - striking continues to make the rounds in the press ) , I decided it was high - time a simple guide was put together to help would - be VFFers learn about the “ barefoot alternative ” — Vibram Five Fingers .
I present the [ beginner ’s guide ] to Five Fingers [ it ’s a PDF ] .
The [ beginner ’s guide ] is a twenty - one page how - to document aimed at Vibram Five Fingers “ newbies . ”
Why would you need a guide to a pair of shoes ?
Well , a couple reasons .
For one , foot gloves are n’t your typical footwear , and two , any shoe that requires measuring the length of your foot from heel to longest - toe on your longest foot and then using that measurement to determine your shoe size by matching it on a grid by model and gender — well yeah , VFFs kinda need a guide !
The beginner ’s guide to Vibram Five Fingers covers some of the basics regarding the barefoot movement , generally , and VFFs , specifically .
It includes background info , advice on which styles / Vibram Five Fingers models you should consider first ( including user photos and links to user stories ) , tips and how - to on determining your VFF size , where to buy a pair , and what to do once you ’ve finally gotten them on your feet !
The beginner ’s guide to Five Fingers is completely free to download and share .
As the document is electronic , it will be updated and edited based on feedback received , so if you want to make sure you ’ve got the most updated version , just use this link , which will always point to the most current version .
If you already have a pair of VFFs and are way past the beginner ’s point , I encourage you to download this guide , anyway .
My hope is you ’ll find it a useful tool to pass on to friends and family who are interested in your quirky five - toed footwear .
If you have any feedback on this guide , please let me know !
In theory , Portugal playing Cape Verde just before the World Cup was a decent idea .
They ’ve struggled to score throughout the past two years , so how about a morale - boosting thrashing of a former colony to get the goals flowing ?
That was the idea , anyway .
An embarrassing 0 - 0 draw was the actual outcome , with Portugal demonstrating precisely why they struggled to qualify for this tournament in the first place .
They dominated , as you would expect , but constantly got into the final third and then seemed to run out of ideas .
Defending is not the problem .
Nine clean sheets in the twelve qualifying matches demonstrates a solid , resilient side , helped by the surprise use of Real Madrid centre - back Pepe in a holding role .
( He has not played a game since December after suffering cruciate ligament damage in a match away to Valencia , but appears to have returned to fitness in perfect time for the World Cup . )
Problems scoring goals
Further forward , though , they struggled , with three 0 - 0 draws taking them to the brink of elimination .
Of course , they do possess the most expensive footballer in history , but Cristiano Ronaldo has struggled for international form in recent seasons – he has n’t scored in a competitive game since Euro 2008 .
Being the main playmaker , main goalscorer and captain , Ronaldo playing below - par is simply not something Portugal can cope with .
Many believe he is playing in the wrong position .
Portugal have had the same problem for what seems like an eternity : solid defenders , decent midfielders , skilful wingers … and no top - class strikers .
( Pauleta and Nuno Gomes had excellent records in qualifying but often struggled to perform in major touraments ) .
The obvious solution is to push Ronaldo into a striking role where he has excelled at times for Manchester United , but Carlos Quieroz ( who was at United during Ronaldo ’s best years ) has been reluctant to do this .
Instead , Portugal have gone for the tried - and - tested solution to their problems – a Brazilian .
After Deco in 2003 and Pepe in 2007 , Liedson became a Portuguese citizen last summer , being immediately called up to the national side and making an instant impact in his first appearance – coming off the bench to head home a crucial 85th minute equalising header away in Denmark .
The irony of recruiting a foreigner to fill the gap upfront is that Liedson is every inch the stereotypical Portuguese forward .
His movement is sublime and his link - up play is excellent , but he ’s not a world class finisher and at 5′9 and 63 kilos , he ca n’t win the ball in the air , or hold it up and wait for the onrushing midfield players .
His goalscoring record is good rather than great – he has played for a Sporting Lisbon side who have been quite poor and quite negative for the past two seasons , but the relative weakness of the bottom half of the Liga Sagres means he should be scoring more than he does .
Ronaldo is hardly a makeshift striker – look at his goals record – and he also offers an aerial presence .
Some may argue that it is not his best position , but then his qualifying form hardly shows him at the top of his game on the wing .
Against Cape Verde , he was too keen to be involved in build - up play miles away from the opposition goal – the main question should be why Quieroz has n’t used him upfront before … perhaps Ronaldo does n’t want to play there ?
If he was deployed upfront , Simao would come in as an additional winger .
A midfield lacking flair
Opinion remains divided about Pepe in the holding role ; he looks what he is – a centre - half playing out of position – for he offers defensive solidity but does n’t move the ball forward quickly enough .
Indeed , that ’s the problem with the Portuguese midfield as a whole .
Quieroz likes to play another workmanlike player in the middle – Raul Meireles started every qualification game – as well as Deco .
You ca n’t argue with his talent or medals haul , but Deco now plays quite a low - tempo passing role which does n’t help Portugal ’s game .
The problem is not Pepe , Meireles or Deco individually , but the fact that they do n’t work well together – on the Venn diagram of what they bring to the side , there ’s too much crossover .
Just as Manuel Rui Costa was superseded by Deco after the first game of Euro 2004 , you can imagine a similar thing happening to Deco himself .
Danny Alves , the Zenit St Petersburg
No 10 , is in the squad and offers a much more direct threat than Deco , with his driving runs from midfield .
Having only really fulfilled his potential having moved to Russia , his stock in Portugal is not particularly high , but he might be the answer to Portugal ’s lack of creativity in the centre of midfield .
Another option , Miguel Veloso , did n’t play well against Cape Verde , and is probably seen as Meireles ’ backup .
Defensively sound
The back four is as you would expect .
Ricardo Carvalho and Bruno Alves are physically imposing in the centre , whilst Paulo Ferreira replaces his injured club teammate Jose Bosingwa at right - back , having been shifted over to the left for much of qualification .
Instead , the left - back contest is between Duda , the experienced , solid Malaga player , and Fabio Coentrao , the converted winger from Benfica .
Coentrao appears to have the slight edge and is certainly the better player going forward – and Portugal really need an attacking left - back .
The identity of Portugal ’s left - winger is unknown , but it will be one of Ronaldo , Simao and Nani – all wanting to cut inside onto their right foot , meaning width is needed from left - back ; not dissimilar to England ’s situation with Steven Gerrard and Ashley Cole .
Conclusion
The concerns about Portugal ’s line - up are amplified by their presence in the toughest group in the tournament .
The games against the Ivory Coast and Brazil will be interesting , but so too will be the contest against the defensive - minded North Korea side – considering how Portugal failed to break down Cape Verde , you can imagine a similar situation against Korea ’s five - man defence .
The key man is not Ronaldo , but Quieroz ; he needs to be bold – push Ronaldo upfront , play Coentrao to offer an attacking threat from full - back , and give the midfield more of an attacking tilt .
In the 2000s , this Portugal side arguably had the best balance of any country between being functional and being creative – backed up by three semi-finals in their past five major tournaments – but under Quieroz the creativity seems to be sadly lacking .
Related articles on Zonal Marking :
If U.S. officials had followed up on a 1994 response plan for a major Gulf oil spill , it is possible that the spill could have been kept under control and far from land .
The problem :
The federal government did not have a single fire boom on hand .
The " In - Situ Burn " plan produced by federal agencies in 1994 calls for responding to a major oil spill in the Gulf with the immediate use of fire booms .
But in order to conduct a successful test burn eight days after the Deepwater Horizon well began releasing massive amounts of oil into the Gulf , officials had to purchase one from a company in Illinois .
When federal officials called , Elastec / American Marine , shipped the only boom it had in stock , Jeff Bohleber , chief financial officer for Elastec , said today .
At federal officials ' behest , the company began calling customers in other countries and asking if the U.S. government could borrow their fire booms for a few days , he said .
A single fire boom being towed by two boats can burn up to 1,800 barrels of oil an hour , Bohleber said .
That translates to 75,000 gallons an hour , raising the possibility that the spill could have been contained at the accident scene 100 miles from shore .
ADDITIONAL READING
" They said this was the tool of last resort .
No , this is absolutely the asset of first use .
Get in there and start burning oil before the spill gets out of hand , " Bohleber said .
" If they had six or seven of these systems in place when this happened and got out there and started burning , it would have significantly lessened the amount of oil that got loose . "
In the days after the rig sank , U.S Coast Guard Rear Admiral Mary Landry said the government had all the assets it needed .
She did not discuss why officials waited more than a week to conduct a test burn .
At the time , former National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration oil spill response coordinator Ron Gouguet -- who helped craft the 1994 plan -- told the Press - Register that officials had pre-approval for burning .
" The whole reason the plan was created was so we could pull the trigger right away . "
Gouguet speculated that burning could have captured 95 percent of the oil as it spilled from the well .
Bohleber said that his company was bringing several fire booms from South America , and he believed the National Response Center discovered that it had one in storage .
Each boom costs a few hundred thousand dollars , Bohleber said , declining to give a specific price .
Made of flame - retardant fabric , each boom has two pumps that push water through its 500 - foot length .
Two boats tow the U - shaped boom through an oil slick , gathering up about 75,000 gallons of oil at a time .
That oil is dragged away from the larger spill , ignited and burns within an hour , he said .
The boom can be used as long as waves are below 3 feet , Bohleber said .
" Because of the complexity of the system and the obvious longer production time to build them , the emphasis is on obtaining and gathering the systems , " he said .
Bohleber said his company has conducted numerous tests with the Coast Guard since 1993 , and it is now training crews on the use of the boom so workers will be ready when they arrive .
" We 're arranging for six to be shipped in .
We keep running into delays .
Hopefully , they will be here by Wednesday to be available for use on Thursday .
Bear in mind , two days ago , we thought they would be here today . "
See
continuing coverage of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill of 2010
on
al.com
and
GulfLive.com
.
To keep track of the Gulf of Mexico oil slick , visit
www.skytruth.org
or follow its
Twitter feed
.
Deepwater Horizon Response
Web site established by government officials .
To see updated projection maps related to the oil spill in the Gulf , visit theWeb site established by government officials .
How to help :
Volunteers eager to help cope with the spill and lessen its impact on the Gulf Coast environment and economy .
HOW YOU CAN HELP will appear daily in the Press - Register until there is no longer a need for volunteers in response to the oil spill disaster .
If you have suggestions for a story , or if you belong to an organization in need of such help , please call Press - Register Editor Mike Marshall at 251-219-5674 or email him at
.
Anarchism and the Labor Movement
In honor of May Day , I decided to write something about how labor interests relate to anarchism .
Traditionally , of course , the labor movement has been associated with , variously , anarchism and communism and various other flavors of socialism .
But I think only anarchism can give the working class what they really want .
Conversely , I think that the labor movement has been tainted , unfairly , in the eyes of many individualists by its forays into more statist varieties .
If you ’re truly an individualist radical , you should be down with the liberation of the laborer , because that ’s where the rubber really meets the road .
It is not labor who has given us the the sort of statism that we suffer under today , but capital , in collusion with the state and the trade union “ labor monopolists ” .
Historically , in America , it makes sense to look at two strains of labor agitation , industrial unionism and trade unionism , originally called craft unionism .
A lot of the features of craft unionism are inherently statist and monopolist .
They have often been called “ capitalist unions ” by the more radical industrial unionists , notably Big Bill Haywood , leader of the IWW .
The craft unions were organized around skilled trades , carried what would be prohibitive fees for an unskilled worker , and often would not admit someone without some sort of waiting period and / or various proofs and trials , creating a sort of “ labor monopoly ” .
The craft unions are the ones that led the focus on getting the state to pass laws protecting labor , and in fact , this was their primary criticism of the industrial unions , that by not involving themselves with the state , they were essentially ineffective .
The craft unions were , while not loved by big business , the part of the labor movement that big business was willing to compromise with in the crafting of the regulatory state - capitalism of the 1900s .
This was acknowleged as such by the General Managers Association : “ We can handle the railway brotherhoods , but we cannot handle the A.R.U … .
We cannot handle Debs .
We have got to wipe him out . ”
The ARU was an industrial union of railroad workers organized by Eugene Debs .
The ARU strike was broken by the Federal Government .
The industrial unions on the other hand were organized around entire industries at first , such as the Western Federation of Miners .
Their dues were minimal , and often set on a sliding scale , and they admitted basically anyone who worked in a particular industry .
The industrial unions found themselves in a conflict with the trade unions , who would essentially “ scab around ” their strikes and other direct actions .
To a large extent , the early industrial unions had a history of failure because of sabotage by the craft unions working with Big Business , and when they were initially successful , by direct government intervention in strikes .
Eventually the IWW was formed as “ One Big Union ” which would take on anyone who worked for wages .
The IWW ’s rhetoric often sounded to modern ears much like communist rhetoric , but in practice , it was essentially an anarchist organization .
Some IWW members were openly “ anarchists ” , but even the ones that were n’t , were opposed to “ parliamentary socialism ” – i.e. social democratism .
They did not press for government intervention on their behalf , and they believed that if the government did pass laws favorable to labor , it would be only in response to direct action .
This is basically the Spoonerian idea that the government is at best irrelevant to human action .
( Such laws of course would be rarely , if ever enforced . )
When they were striking , they would actually set up small shops to sell goods and services to their members , because the shops in town blackballed them .
And when Eugene Debs gave up industrial unionism to become a political Socialist , he was roundly criticized by the Industrial Unions .
“ … [ Debs ] had left them without a fighting industrial union and forced them to enter the scab craft movements after he changed the ARU to a political movement … ” – The IWW : Its First Seventy Years
One objection that many market anarchists have toward unions is that they essentially survive on violently preventing “ scabbery ” .
But if that were really the case for industrial unions , the trade unions could not have sabotaged the early industrial union movement such as they did .
But consider also , that the businessmen used Pinkertons ( the early equivalent of say , Blackwater ) and direct government intervention to break strikes .
Then consider that from the laborer ’s point of view , the property they worked on was truly homesteaded by them , not some abstract joint - stock company that “ claimed ” the land out of nowhere .
But the IWW ’s main weapon , after a while , was actually sabotage .
This is where the familiar image of the Sab Cat or Sabotabby came from .
Worker sabotage actually does not break any libertarian theory of implicit contract .
The boss and the worker , unless put in writing , owe each other nothing .
If the boss wants to fire someone they can , if the worker wants to spend his time doing anything but work , he can .
The bosses were deathly afraid of sabotage because it was very hard to discover , and very hard to fight , unlike a strike which was visible , obvious and could bring in direct government intervention .
As Ayn Rand said , interestingly enough , “ You ca n’t force a mind ” .
A lot of the features of “ Unions ” that libertarians and market anarchists object to are actually features of one form of unionism which was used by state capitalism to co-opt and undermine the other , more anarchistic and liberty - minded form of unionism , which was eventually destroyed ( or at least attenuated into ineffectualism ) by our least - favorite president , Woodrow Wilson ( he of the signing of the Federal Reserve Act ) during the “ Red Scare ” of the 1910s .
He used his vast wartime powers to imprision most of the leadership of the industrial unions on grounds of sedition and / or undermining the war effort .
In some ways , if you see Trade Unions as labor ’s form of monopolistic capitalism , then the Industrial Unions were labor ’s form of agorist organization .
Completely unofficial , unrecognized and spontaneously organized in order to gain back the portion of their labor that under a free market ( where all property would have to be homesteaded ) would rightfully be theirs .
Wages , essentially , are a factor of the supply of labor in relation to the supply of capital .
The more capital there is looking for labor to work with it , the more valuable labor is relative to capital .
In a free market , capital could not be monopolized and would accumulate broadly and rapidly , thus increasing the workers share of the product continally , asymptotically toward about say 95 % or so , depending on external factors , and the “ entrepreneur ’s wage ” .
Under statism , most actions performed by the state seek to reduce the overall capital outside of the hands of the “ insiders ” , thus making the remaining capital in the hands of the insiders more valuable , and suppressing wage rates .
This is true in a social democracy as well , only there is a “ floor ” placed on this wage suppression , and trade unions have more power .
But it does n’t change the scarcity of capital in relation to labor , it may be better to some extent than a liberal democracy for laborers , but it is no worker ’s paradise , as long as private capital exists alongside statism .
If the state nationalizes an industry , then things become worse in the long run for the laborer , because you ca n’t get blood from a stone .
A government worker will do well in a largely capitalist system , because their wages will be high relative to other workers , and there is enough wealth produced outside of the government to absorb and give to the government workers .
But as wealth creation declines overall , there is less and less for the government worker to absorb .
Of course the higher ups will keep on taking a nice piece for themselves as long as they can , so you end up with a labor heirarchy and direct , violent exploitation of the lower classes worse than anything under a liberal democracy .
The only path for labor as a whole to get what they really want is anarchism , that is , an end to violently imposed oligopoly .
And the industrial unionist movement understood this , if not in so many words , back in the late 1800s .
We anarchists , especially market anarchists , are their philosophical descendants .
Oh boy , I feel like a little child again , Dad just brought home our first Windows PC and finished setting it up .
Hello age of technology and wonderment !
Now reword that sentence replacing “ little child ” with “ grown man , ” “ Dad ” with “ Shawn McHenry , ” “ first Windows PC ” with “ first iteration of Windows 3.1 running on Android , ” and “ Hello age of technology and wonderment ” with “ completely useless , but really damn cool . ”
That last little bit is actually McHenry ’s own description of his port of Windows 3.1 to Android .
Using the DOSBox emulator , McHenry was able to bring the once - cutting - edge - but - now - completely - obsolete OS straight to the Android platform .
He did it just for kicks , seeing no utility in it other than to prove the point .
He got Windows 3.1 up and running on his Droid , completely gimping the device back to the early 90s .
Talk about apps !
The port does n’t exactly play pretty , but if you want to give it a shot , you can follow Shawn ’s directions on his blog .
[ via RegHardware.co.uk ]
Tandoori Chicken Recipe
Tandoori - Style Chicken
From : Better Homes and Gardens
Servings : Makes 4 to 6 servings .
Prep : 15 mins
Total : 3 hrs 5 mins
Ingredients
1 2-1/2- to 3 - pound broiler - fryer chicken , cut up
1 8 - ounce carton plain low - fat yogurt
2 tablespoons lemon juice
1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger or 1 teaspoon ground ginger
1 tablespoon cooking oil
2 cloves garlic , minced
2 teaspoons chili powder
1 to 2 teaspoons ground cumin
1 teaspoon paprika
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric
Directions
1. Skin chicken .
Place chicken pieces in a 2 - quart rectangular baking dish .
2 . For sauce , in a small bowl stir together yogurt , lemon juice , ginger , cooking oil , garlic , chili powder , cumin , paprika , salt , and turmeric .
Spoon sauce atop chicken .
Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or up to 24 hours , turning occasionally .
3 . Bake , uncovered , in a 375 degree F oven for 25 minutes .
Spoon juices over chicken and bake for 25 minutes more or until chicken is tender and cooked through .
Transfer chicken to a platter ( discard pan juices ) .
Makes 4 to 6 servings .
Nutrition Facts
Calories 352 , Total Fat 15 g , Saturated Fat 4 g , Cholesterol 132 mg , Sodium 446 mg , Carbohydrate 7 g , Protein 45 g .
Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet
The oil - services and infrastructure giant Halliburton is a favorite target for critics of former Vice President Dick Cheney , who used to be the company 's CEO .
During the presidency of George W. Bush , the company 's Iraq War - related contracts attracted wide attention .
Now , the company 's role in the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico has brought Halliburton back into the headlines .
During a May 20 , 2010 , appearance with Jay Leno on the Tonight Show , MSNBC host and political commentator Chris Matthews revived the Cheney - Halliburton connection while discussing the spill .
At one point in the interview , Leno said , " All right , a lot going on in politics with this BP thing .
This is the one - month anniversary .
Where are we ?
Who ’s the lying scum here ? "
Matthews responded , " Yeah , it ’s the scariest thing I ’ve ever seen , and , you know , I do n’t know where to start .
I mean , Halliburton .
Sound familiar ?
Cheney .
Cheney was head of Halliburton .
When he got to be vice president , when he was signed for vice president , the oil company gave him a $ 34 million signing bonus to become vice president of the United States . "
We 'll grant Matthews some artistic license with his comment .
We know he does n't mean that Cheney literally got a signing bonus for becoming the vice presidential candidate , as a newly signed free agent would in baseball .
But we thought it was worth checking whether Cheney did in fact end up with a $ 34 million payout when he stepped down as CEO to join Bush on the ticket in 2000 .
We looked at a personal financial disclosure form that Cheney signed on Sept. 1 , 2000 .
This is the filing made once someone joins a national presidential ticket .
It represents the candidate 's holdings and income as of August .
In the portion addressing Cheney 's compensation from Halliburtion , the file lists the following categories and dollar amounts as of that date :
• Salary / bonus ( gross ) : $ 4,721 , 947
• Deferred salary : $ 1,042 , 441
• Senior executive deferred compensation contributions : $ 654,804
Meanwhile , on May 15 , 2001 , Cheney also signed a second disclosure form that is supposed to update the August 2000 filing so that it covers the full year .
In this filing , Cheney disclosed the following Halliburton income :
• Salary / bonus ( gross ) : $ 821,896
• Elective deferred salary : $ 403,166
• Stock equivalent unit bonus : $ 396,213
• Senior executive deferred compensation contributions : $ 53,692
• Elective deferred salary lump sum payout : $ 1,140,160
• Restricted stock imputed income : $ 7,560,000
• Nonqualified stock option income : $ 21,964,254
• Senior executive deferred compensation payout : $ 2,797,128
However , we were unclear about whether the totals from the May 2001 filing , which amount to $ 35.1 million , should be added to those from the August 2000 filing , which amount to $ 6.4 million , or whether the amounts in the two filings overlap somewhat .
Experts we spoke to expressed uncertainty on this question as well .
So we decided to take the most cautious approach and only use the numbers from the second filing , which covers the whole year .
That still leaves a total of $ 35.1 million earned from Halliburtion reported on the May 2001 filing .
Of that total , just over $ 800,000 represents salary and bonus , which Cheney would have earned regardless of whether he joined the ticket or not .
Many of the other categories were subject to some calculation and / or negotiation , as would happen in the case of any CEO who left a position early , so it seems fair to call the rest of the income he received an exit package .
So , if you subtract the salary and bonus from the larger amount , voila -- you get $ 34 million and change .
So Matthews is right .
A footnote : Cheney 's timing was impeccable .
As the disclosure forms indicate , he held a large number of stock options , which means he had been given the right to purchase shares of the company for an old ( and , hopefully for the holder of the options ) lower price than the current market value .
When the holder chooses to exercise those options , they can buy the shares at the low price and then sell them at the market price , pocketing the difference .
It 's not clear when Cheney sold his stock options , but it likely was within weeks of his being named to the ticket -- a period when Halliburtion shares hit their 2000 peak , in the low - to - mid $ 50 range .
By November 30 , 2000 , the stock had fallen to $ 33 a share .
If he 'd waited until then to sell , his payday would have been one - third lower , or roughly $ 14 million rather than $ 22 million .
But Cheney does appear to have had timing on his side , so we find Matthews ' statement -- that Cheney had a payday of $ 34 million -- to be accurate .
If anything , it may have been a bit low .
Either way , we give it a rating of True .
In an open letter published Thursday , Steve Jobs outlined a half dozen reasons why Apple is not supporting Flash on its mobile platform .
Adobe 's CEO has defended Flash in response to Jobs , but some ex-Adobe employees interviewed by Wired.com shared many of the Apple CEO 's thoughts .
In his letter , Jobs highlighted the major reasons Apple is leaving Flash behind .
Most relevant to users , Flash is the top cause of application crashes on the Mac , Jobs said , and Flash 's video - decoding method is a major battery drainer .
If Adobe crashes on Macs , that actually has something " to do with the Apple operating system , " Adobe 's CEO Shantanu Narayen told The Wall Street Journal .
He added that claims about Flash draining battery life were " patently false , " but he did n't appear to elaborate .
Carlos Icaza and Walter Luh , former Adobe mobile engineers , said they were raising flags at Adobe in 2007 about the same complaints that Jobs detailed Thursday .
" Walter and I , being the lead architects for Flash Lite , we were seeing the iPhone touch devices coming out , and we kept saying ' Hey , this is coming along , ' " Icaza said in a phone interview .
" You have this white elephant that everybody ignored .
Half the [ Adobe ] mobile business unit was carrying iPhones , and yet the management team was n't doing anything about it . "
Icaza and Luh have a vested interest in this dispute : After leaving Adobe , they launched a startup , Ansca Mobile , which produces a cross- platform solution called Corona that competes with Flash .
They said they left Adobe because executives did not take the iPhone seriously when Apple announced the touchscreen device in 2007 .
Instead , Adobe focused on feature phones ( cellphones with lightweight web features , not smartphones ) and invested in development of Flash Lite to play Flash videos on such devices .
Subsequently , Adobe shut down the mobile business unit in 2007 , and has suffered from a brain drain in the mobility space ever since , Icaza and Luh said .
The relationship between Apple and Adobe dates back years , as Jobs acknowledged in his blog post .
Apple in the past has relied heavily on Adobe 's Creative Suite to market the Mac as a platform for creative types .
But the relationship has been eroding ever since Apple introduced the iPhone and opted against supporting Adobe 's Flash platform on the mobile device .
Tensions increased when Apple released the iPad , which continues Apple 's steadfast lack of Flash support .
Adobe last year announced it was developing a work - around for Flash developers to easily port their programs into iPhone apps .
But this month , just a week before Adobe was scheduled to release the feature , Apple issued a new clause in its developer policy , which stipulated that iPhone apps must be coded with Apple - approved programming languages ( not Flash ) .
Adobe 's 2007 decision to focus on Flash Lite and feature phones instead of iPhone compatibility is the reason Adobe is behind and still has not offered a fine - tuned version of Flash for any smartphone , including the iPhone or any Android device , Icaza and Luh said .
The pair echoed many of the same concerns expressed by the Apple CEO .
" Flash was designed for the desktop world , for web and large screens , not the user experiences you want to create in these new devices with touch , accelerometers and GPS , " Luh said .
" It was n't designed with that in mind at all . "
Luh was also formerly employed by Apple on the Final Cut Pro team .
He said that because Adobe 's iPhone Packager did n't use Apple 's toolchain to create apps , the resulting code would not work well on an iPhone or iPad .
For instance , apps made with Packager are much larger than they would be if they were made with Xcode .
A simple " Hello World " app created in Flash and compiled to work on the iPhone is substantially larger in file size , and it would take up 3.6 MB when it should be no larger than 400 K when made with Xcode , according to James Eberhardt , a mobile developer who has tested iPhone Packager .
Macromedia , the original maker of Flash , was acquired by Adobe in 2005 .
Luh said it was disappointing that Adobe failed to translate Macromedia 's success into a compelling mobile platform .
" The biggest irony of all is that Adobe Macromedia was so far ahead of the game , it was unbelievable ; it was a billion - dollar industry , " Luh said .
" Macromedia was essential to that entire ecosystem ....
The fact that through Adobe , they could n't find a way to convert that to the rest of the world through smartphones , they really kind of just lost sight of what was really important . "
Adobe declined to speak on the phone with Wired.com in response to Jobs ' and the ex-Adobe employees ' statements .
However , a representative provided a written statement :
Adobe / Macromedia launched its mobile business about eight years ago to bring a version of Flash ( Flash Lite ) designed specifically for phones with very limited performance , memory and web - browsing support .
Since then Flash has enabled rich user interfaces , mobile data services and access to some of the rich content on the Web on more than 1.3 billion mass market handsets worldwide .
From 2002 thru 2007 , device capabilities for supporting the full web or desktop versions of Flash Player were very limited .
Smartphones capable of rendering the full web began reaching interesting volumes in 2008 , which led Adobe to begin the important and complex optimization work with mobile platforms partners including ARM , Intel , Broadcom , nVidia , Qualcomm , Texas Instruments and others .
With Flash Player 10.1 , which was unveiled at MAX 2009 , numerous improvements have been made to enable a rich , compelling , web experience .
We are now in the final stretch and are excited to make the full Flash Player available on first mobile platforms including Android in the first half of 2010 .
See Also :
Photo : Brian Derballa /Wired.com
Thousands of television commercials created or collected by the D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles ( DMB&B ) advertising agency , dated 1950s - 1980s .
Read More »
When all of Europe rushed into its rescue package two weeks ago ( first half a trillion , market red , then a full trillion , market green ) , the one thing that struck us as odd was the conflicting data on the conditionality of the package , with various sources both confirming and denying that the " package " was revocable .
It did seem somewhat shortsighted of the Germans , whose political leadership would soon be on the verge of a series of electoral routs , to tie its fate without even one exit hatch , to a country that is a financial toxic spiral .
Sure enough , the Telegraph 's Evans - Pritchard has uncovered what may be the two loopholes in the European bailout agreement .
While the first one is not surprising , the second one explains why the biggest sellers of European government debt ( and / or buyers of Euro sovereign CDS ) , are likely the governments of the distressed , and core , countries themselves .
Markets have been rattled by reports in the German media that the Greek rescue deal contains two secret clauses .
The package will be " immediately and irrevocably cancelled " if it is found to breach the EU Treaty 's " no bail - out " clause , either in a ruling by the European court or the constitutional courts of any eurozone state .
While such an event is unlikely , it is not impossible .
There are two cases already pending at Germany 's top court in Karlsruhe , perhaps Europe 's most " eurosceptic " tribunal .
The second clause said that if any country finds it cannot raise funding for the rescue at interest rates below the 5 pc charge agreed for Greece , it may opt out of the bail - out .
BNP Paribas said this would escalate quickly into a systemic crisis if Spain were in such a position , because the other countries cannot carry an ever - rising burden .
The bank warned the euro project itself may start to disintegrate rapidly if these rescue provisions are ever seriously put to the test .
The second clause is particularly troubling : since most European countries will soon see massive hits to their GDP , resulting in inevitable spikes in borrowing costs , this becomes yet another example of a game theory arrangement where the benefit to the first defector is far greater than any dowside , with the last to defect left holding the bag on what would basically become a bail out of all of Europe .
Many have wondered how arguably intelligent people could come up with a rescue package of Greece in which Greece itself is supposed to contribute to its own bailout .
Now we know that this was the ploy all along .
The second Portugal , Spain and Italy are dragged under by the vigilantes , their participation in the $ 1 trillion bailout ends .
And when that happens , the full cost of the bailout will be borne by none other than the " richest " member of the IMF , the United States .
Obviously , the incentive to blow up one 's borrowing costs in this arrangement are huge , now that both Germany and the US have no choice but to bail out each and every dropping domino .
Which is why we are confident that in the very short term we will see credit spreads of the PIIGS blowing out yet again , and in the medium - term , some diligent reporter will get an anonymous tip that the biggest buyers of Spanish CDS are Santander and BBVA , the biggest buyers of Italy CDS are UniCredit and Intesa SanPaolo , the biggest buyers of UK CDS is Barclays ( RBS still has to figure out how to sell its Greek bonds , let alone how to trade CDS ) , etc .
The bottom line is that all of Europe is now incentivized to blow itself up , and it does n't even have to put too much effort into it .
All the borderline European countries have to do is raise their funding costs to above 5 % : this is mere basis points away from where most are trading already .
After all the US has no option but to bail them out : Bernanke has made it clear that his Wall Street bosses will not allow their European colleagues to be dragged down by something as trivial as total insolvency , which in turn would uncover just how bankrupt our own financial system is .
These are the perverse incentives in what is now officially known as farcist capitalism .
I had terrible back pain and I needed to lose weight .
I lost sixty pounds in five months .
This is how I did it .
Advertisement
I 've struggled with my weight for my entire life .
I went to hospital fat camp in seventh grade .
I have stretch marks all along my sides and gut ( fire belly ! ) .
I spend the majority of my day thinking about food , and that 's unlikely to change anytime soon , even now .
I love eating and have a hard time controlling myself when presented with cakes and pies and bags of Doritos .
Oh , Doritos .
Oh God , how I adore you .
You hear about alcoholics who can't stop drinking until they 're blackout drunk .
I 'm that way with food .
I can't stop eating until I 'm blackout fat .
So I needed to set some ground rules for myself to lose weight , ground rules that I felt were reasonable to follow for the rest of my adult life .
Here 's what I did :
1. I bought a scale .
I did not own a scale before .
I hated weighing myself because I did n't want to face the hard truth about my weight , which is dumb because the hard truth is out there for everyone to see when you 're fat .
You can't hide it , muumuu or otherwise .
Everyone already fucking knows you 're a fat repulsive slob .
And anytime I stepped on a scale at a doctor 's office , I blew it off .
" Oh , that 's just water weight . "
" I was 260 because my socks were still on . "
So I bought a scale and faced facts .
Advertisement
2. I weighed myself daily .
In the morning , in my boxers , after pissing / shitting , and before drinking water .
At maximized lightness .
I also weighed myself every night , just to see what the differential would be in the morning .
Usually , it 's about 3 to 6 pounds .
Where does the weight go overnight ?
Out of my peepee ?
MAGIC .
3 . I posted that weight daily on Twitter .
But it does n't matter where .
It can be on Facebook or your blog or whatever .
Shit , you can print it out and stick it on your office cube every day .
What I found doing this is that it 1 ) gave me a public incentive to stick to a goal ; 2 ) garnered support from people .
Most Americans struggle with their weight , and most of them sympathize with someone else trying to get healthier .
Support helps .
Maybe some people will tease you , but that 's its own incentive anyway .
Part of losing weight is acknowledging the fact that you have issues with food .
And holy shit , do I have issues with food .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
4 . I never ate after dinner .
6 p.m. , to be precise , because I eat with my kids .
That may not be realistic for you .
But there are plenty of people out there who advocate not eating too much at night .
For me , it used to be that dinner was the start of my nightly eating .
There 'd be dessert .
Then the after - dessert dessert .
Then a bowl of cereal .
Then shots of ranch dressing .
That 's all bad and shit .
This rule , and the three rules above , are the ones I really stuck to .
The only times I ate dinner late were when I was out with friends or whatever and had no choice .
5 . I did n't snack except for fruit .
I know all these people who are like , " Oh , I lost weight by having eight very small meals a day ! "
Yeah well , I can't do that .
A snack , in my hands , becomes a seven - course meal .
I used to come home from work and eat half a box of Triscuits and a whole container of hummus .
Then some chips .
Then some peanuts .
Then God knows what else I could stuff into my facehole .
All bad .
I cut that out and had bananas and oranges and apples when I was hungry at midday .
And here 's what 's fucked up :
The fruit actually tastes pretty good now .
I 'm genuinely happy to have fruit as a snack , which makes me feel weird and wrong .
Advertisement
5 . I did n't have seconds .
I used to eat two plates at dinner , minimum .
I 'd spend my first helping thinking about my second , which is idiotic .
It 's the SAME FUCKING FOOD .
Then I 'd finish my seconds and hover over my wife 's plate like a goddamn buzzard .
Hoping she would n't finish so I could eat her food .
I even ate her food a few times before she was done .
Wives get fucking PISSED when you do that .
I also had to get over my hatred of throwing away perfectly edible food that other people did n't eat .
Nothing pisses me off more , but it's not like a Rwandan AIDS baby will get to eat it if I pass it up .
6 . I did n't eat sweets .
This is kind of lie .
I did have the occasional cookie or ice cream sandwich .
But I used to eat a bowl of ice cream and then have half a package of cocoa almonds for dessert .
My dessert came in stages , usually followed by Cocoa Puffs .
This is unwise .
Cutting out sugar pretty much guarantees weight loss .
I did n't drink anything with sugar .
No regular soda ( now addicted to Coke Zero ) .
No juice .
None of that shit .
Advertisement
7 . I avoided carbs , but did n't go nuts about it .
I did n't do Atkins or anything .
I could n't live without sugar , cereal , bread , and pasta .
But those are foods I used to eat a fucking lot of .
Whole bread baskets at the restaurant .
Three bowls of pasta for dinner ( " I 'm carb loadin ' !
Gotta stay huge ! " ) .
Two jumbo bowls of cereal for breakfast .
Triple helpings of rice with my Chinese food .
I could eat 90 pounds of plain white rice in one sitting .
Golden House apparently steams it in cocaine vapor .
Anyway , I 'd still have pasta for dinner every week or so .
But one bowl at a meal .
No more .
I also got rid of sandwiches for lunch and had egg white omelets with feta cheese , but that 's only because I work from home .
Not so easy if you work in an office .
8 . I drank a fuckload of unsweetened green tea .
It 's an appetite suppressant , plus it makes me feel like I just ate a very large Chinese meal , which is fun .
I needed something to demarcate the end of a meal , because otherwise I 'd just keep eating until all my meals blended together .
Breakfunchinner is a better meal than most people realize .
Having a cup of tea at the end of the meal ( usually decaf ) was my way of reminding myself MEAL IS OVER , FUCKFACE .
Advertisement
9 . I drastically cut down on boozing .
This is a deal breaker for many people .
But the unfair truth is that a six - pack after dinner adds about 900 calories , all of which go to your FUPA .
So I cut down on it and spent weeks at a time dead sober .
I have two kids and no friends , so this was n't a big deal for me .
If you 're in college ?
Eh , not too realistic .
But you know what has NO calories ?
WEED .
( Though I suppose it makes you eat 5,000 calories after you smoke it .
Again , not really fair .
COCAINE !
THAT MAKES YOU THIN !)
10 . I made sure everything I ate was fucking AWESOME .
If I 'm only getting three legit meals a day , they better be fucking good .
So I made sure of that .
Did you know two slices of bacon only have 70 calories ?
Combine that with a fried egg and you 've got a breakfast of less than 200 calories , far less than a bowl of granola or some shit like that .
So I went the bacon route .
And I do n't give a shit about my cholesterol .
They can just Lipitor that shit .
I 'm in this for the sexy .
I also learned to braise short ribs , make my own pulled pork , make Thai steak sauces , and all this other crazy shit because I wanted to lose weight and still enjoy what the fuck I was eating .
None of this grilled - chicken - breast - every - night crap that NFL players do .
Fuck that .
I still love food and I LIKE it that way .
People who do n't love food are fucked in the head .
Advertisement
11 . I exercised , but that hardly mattered .
I did 45 minutes of cardio five days a week .
But I 've been doing that for 14 years now .
I also started doing hundredpushups.com around the 220 - pound mark .
But really , the only thing that mattered was that I ate less , and within a daily routine that I could get used to .
( NOTE : But by all means , exercise anyway .
It helps you not feel like crap . )
12 . I took a fiber supplement .
Metamucil : Poop Yourself
Thin !
So that 's what I did .
And what I found , other than it worked for me , was that I now enjoy what I eat WAY more than before .
Before , I did n't even think about what I was eating .
I just shoveled that shit in .
I could n't even tell you what I 'd eaten that day .
But now , because I 'm eating less , I can remember precisely what I ate that day and look back on it fondly .
Oh , that sausage was good .
So very good .
Advertisement
I also found that posting my weight has helped me keep the weight off , because I do n't want to gain it all back publicly and feel like a fucking dipshit .
Also , if the weight spikes because I went overboard one day ( fucking kiddie birthday parties ) , I now know I have a program I can stick to to get it back down , and in relatively short order .
I 'll never stop loving food , or struggling to resist fourth helpings , but that 's just how it goes .
I 'll always have the soul of a morbidly obese person .
Maybe the way I lost the weight is n't useful to you .
But weighing yourself every day and not keeping that weight to yourself goes a long way to helping you stick with whatever method you 're using .
So that 's the Public Humiliation Diet .
If you 're trying to lose weight , I applaud you and wish you nothing but the best of luck .
And if you 're the kind of person who can stay skinny no matter how much you eat or what you eat , I hope you fucking die in a fire .
Tumultuous day at Sheikh Jarrah on Friday .
Here is Didi Remez again , quoting a speech by novelist David Grossman :
I think that we are all beginning to grasp — even those who maybe do n’t really want to — how 43 years ago , by turning a blind eye , by actively or passively cooperating , we actually cultivated a kind of carnivorous plant that is slowly devouring us , consuming every good part within us , making the country we live in a place that is not good to live in .
Not good not only if you are an Arab citizen of Israel , and certainly if you are a Palestinian resident of the Territories — not good also for every Jewish Israeli person who wants to live here , who cherishes some hope to be in a place where humans are respected as humans , where your rights are treated as a given , where humanity , morality , and civil rights are not dirty words , not something from the bleeding - heart Left .
No .
These are the bread and water , the butter and milk of our lives , the stuff from which we will make our lives , and really make them lives worth living here .
Yesterday a 10 - minute clip from Kendra Wilkinson 's teenage sex video hit the ‘ net ( it 's NSFW but you 're on your own to Google it ) .
And what I saw was infuriating to me .
Advertisement
I 'm not angered because I have any problem with watching sex on tape - for the record , I watched the Pirates porn last week , and it was better than 75 % of the mainstream movies I 've seen this year .
No joke .
And normally these celeb sex tapes do n't bother me either , but this one in particular pisses me off .
Kendra does n't really want to be videotaped .
She says so on quite a few occasions .
Advertisement
" Please do n't do it , " she says .
" Please ? "
" Kendra , " he says , annoyed .
" I 'm barely zooming in .
Just go . "
" Can you not ? "
" You 'll like it .
Trust me .
Watch .
Go . "
Kendra seems resigned to her fate , and , almost instantaneously , she shifts characters , from a very young woman being pressured into a sexual situation she finds uncomfortable to a willing sexpot , grinding obligingly on the bed with a black panther blanket across it .
( Jesus Christ . )
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
As her male companion puts the camera close - up on her vagina , she shuts her legs .
" What ? " he whines .
" Just do it .
Just keep messing around . "
She pushes him and the camera away several times after that , each time slipping instantly back into character as soon as he expresses annoyance .
Advertisement
He begins performing oral sex on her .
She 's not entirely comfortable with this .
She wriggles around and clamps her legs close , against his head .
" Keep ‘em open .
Keep ‘em open .
Keep ‘em open .
Open your legs .
Open ‘ em. Open ‘ em . "
Advertisement
They have sex .
He has trouble staying hard .
He 's gross , really - a balding redhead in his late teens or early twenties with a pube - hair goatee , bad teeth and a too - large nose - pudgy and pale all over .
He comes inside her , even though she 's obviously asked him not to .
She makes a face and she rolls off the bed .
He acts surprised and upset by her action .
She tells him she does n't like it when he does that .
He mutters something about a blow job .
Advertisement
This is n't a sex tape , really .
It 's that thing we talk about that happens to our young women .
That thing that we , as grown - ups , write about and research incessantly and condemn broadly , but do n't remember so vividly .
It 's right here on video .
It reminds me to some extent of the Paris Hilton sex tape , but even more so here .
It 's that space where young women have discovered and perfected their sexuality and its value , but have n't yet figured out how it 's empowering .
They just know that it 's something people want from them ; it 's something people expect from them .
Something young men expect from them ; something , perhaps , that young men have n't learned how to ask for politely .
It 's uncomfortable and new and everybody 's learning , and what happens , more often than not , is that the male partner 's desires come first and more forcefully , and the young woman is disrespected and disempowered and left with a sense that she 's less valuable and less capable of demanding respect and control than her male counterpart - a sense than lingers into her twenties and beyond , even though she might not recognize it as such .
Advertisement
You should not be turned on by this .
You should be pissed off .
This is n't rape - not even close .
And Kendra 's not even unhappy the whole time .
But you can tell who 's in charge ; you can tell who 's in control .
It 's made clear .
Kendra 's requests are completely ignored ; she 's totally disrespected here , naked and exposed .
Advertisement
So the next time some enterprising journalist wants to wax poetic on " what 's happening to our daughters " - to cite studies and surveys and books upon books - maybe she could take ten minutes and watch the Kendra Wilkinson sex tape .
What 's happening to them is right here , right on video .
This post originally appeared on The Evil Beet .
Republished with permission .
Want to see your work here ?
Email us !
Contact the author of this post at spasulka@gmail.com .
More of us want to access work applications via our mobile phones
The world 's largest maker of business software , SAP , has agreed to buy California 's Sybase for $ 5.8 bn .
The deal boosts SAP in its battle with rival Oracle , the world 's leading maker of business database software .
SAP is paying $ 65 a share in cash , a 44 % premium on Sybase 's recent average share price .
The move will expand the German company 's ability to deliver access to its software via smartphones and other mobile devices .
" Mobile devices are becoming the preferred interaction point with business applications , whether the user is a factory supervisor , a retail manager or an entrepreneur in a developing nation , " said Jim Hagemann Snabe , joint chief executive of SAP .
" We want to make sure SAP solutions can be accessed from all leading mobile devices .
The acquisition of Sybase will allow us and our partners to do just that . "
Mr Hagemann and joint - co - chair Bill McDermott have been under pressure to counter mounting competition from rival software maker Oracle since they took the reins of the German company in February .
Mr Hagemann
Snabe says the deal offers more to smartphone users Oracle and SAP compete to sell software to businesses and this deal expands the areas where their services overlap .
Oracle is the market leader in selling database programmes which allow companies to catalogue and retrieve information .
The company has spent billions of dollars over the last few years expanding its reach into the market for more general business applications .
The purchase of Sybase , the world 's fourth - largest database software company , gives SAP a foothold in that market .
The companies hope to complete the deal in the third quarter of this year .
SAP 's US shares fell marginally on the news , down 40 cents to $ 44.50 .
Sybase shares have risen by more than a third since news of the deal was first reported .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Hero fans are getting EVEN ANGRIER it would seem , as someone ’s taken the extraordinary step of making an Android app version of a petition to get HTC to bring a new version of Android to the many HTC Hero phones around the world still stuck on Android 1.5 .
Apparently , you “ sign ” the app petition by downloading it and leaving a comment beneath the app ’s Android Market listing .
Here ’s the description :
“ Are you tired of HTC promising us time and time again our much needed Eclair update ?
Even when we get updated we still wont be at the latest version !
Sign this petition and hopefully we will get the message to HTC to stop giving out false release dates !
“ Sign by downloading and then leaving a comment on the market ! ”
And here ’s us , adding our signature :
We ’re with you , Hero owners .
Although we are very , very close to going MAD and purchasing a Nexus One .
When that happens we ’ll stop caring about your plight .
Here ’s a QR code for the petition app , if you want to STICK IT to poor old HTC :
I ’ve been known to spout an opinion now and again about the Three Tier alcohol distribution system in this country , and the maddening array of ridiculous regulations that govern our ability to purchase alcohol .
Mostly , however , I stay out of the fray because I ’d rather write about , and I ’m sure you ’d rather read about , fantastic wines .
But something happened yesterday that sent chills down my spine , and made it imperative that I broadcast to as many of you as possible the urgent need to call your Congressional Representative immediately .
When you get one of their aides on the phone here ’s what you need to say :
Under no circumstances should they vote for a house bill HR 5034 : The Comprehensive Alcohol Regulatory Effectiveness Act of 2010 .
This bill , introduced by representatives Bill Delahunt ( D Mass ) Mike Quigley ( D Ill. ) , Howard Coble ( RN. C. ) and Jason Chaffetz ( R Utah ) , was purportedly authored by the National Beer Wholesalers Association .
This bill , which you can read in its entire three short pages , is available here ( PDF ) .
The bill is insidious in its simplicity .
It would make it effectively impossible to challenge any state ’s laws about alcohol distribution or direct shipping by forcing the challenger to prove that any particular law “ has no effect on the promotion of temperance , the establishment or maintenance of orderly alcoholic beverage markets , the collection of alcoholic beverage taxes , the structure of the state alcoholic beverage distribution system , or the restriction of access to alcoholic beverages by those under the legal drinking age . ”
In other words , as long as any state can prove that its laws produce tax revenues or prevent children from buying alcohol , those laws , no matter how discriminatory , anti-competitive , or anti-consumer cannot be overturned by a legal challenge by any party or any act of Congress .
Under their usual guise of trying to “ protect the children ” from an “ epidemic of alcoholism ” the liquor wholesalers lobby has introduced a bill that effectively keeps the alcohol laws of this country an affair to be settled by state legislators and their wholesaler lobbyist friends .
This bill must be stopped .
It effectively prevents any progress towards fixing the antiquated and consumer unfriendly alcohol shipping laws in this country .
Please call , write , e-mail , and otherwise hound your Congressional Representative and tell them to vote against this bill .
Here ’s the easiest way to find , and contact your congressperson .
This is serious business .
If this bill passes , consumers will have lost the ability to fight in the courts for laws that allow them to buy the wine they want , where they want .
Read what the Wine Spectator has to say about the bill .
Image caption Heroin is highly addictive
Injectable " medical " grade heroin should be offered under supervision to the most hardened addicts , say UK researchers .
A trial in 127 addicts who had persistently failed to quit the drug showed a significant drop in use of " street " heroin after six months .
Writing in The Lancet , the researchers said the " robust evidence " supports wider provision of heroin treatment .
A spokesman for the government said it would consider the findings .
Around 5 - 10 % of heroin addicts fail to quit despite use of conventional treatments , such as methadone .
Those who took part in the trial had been using the drug for an average of 17 years and had been in treatment for 10 years .
The very good news is that you can get these people on a constructive trajectory Professor John Strang , Study leader
When they took part in the programme they were on methadone treatment but were still taking street heroin on a regular basis .
The researchers - working at clinics in south London , Brighton and Darlington - found that those offered injectable heroin under the supervision of a nurse were significantly more likely to cut down their use of street heroin than those receiving oral or injectable methadone .
Improvements were seen within six weeks of starting the programme , they reported .
In further analysis yet to be published , it was noted that the benefits remained after two years and some patients were able to stop use of the drug altogether .
Treatable
Study leader , Professor John Strang , from the National Addiction Centre at King 's College London , said the supervised heroin programme enables patients to start thinking about employment , re-engaging with their families and taking responsibility for their lives .
" This is a treatment for a severe group of heroin addicts that ordinary treatments have failed with and the question we 're answering is ' are these patients untreatable ? '. "
" The very good news is that you can get these people on a constructive trajectory . "
He said the latest study plus a series of other trials now provide clear evidence that this type of treatment should be offered more widely .
It was outlined in the UK government 's 2008 Drug Strategy , subject to the results from this trial .
He added that although more expensive than conventional treatments , heroin therapy is considerably cheaper than imprisonment .
A Department of Health spokesman said any approach that gets people off drugs for good should be explored .
" We will look at evidence and both the clinical and cost effectiveness of these treatments .
This is the intensive care for those heroin users who have failed after all sorts of other available treatments and continue to inject Dr Roy Robertson , University of Edinburgh
" However , it is vital that we do all we can to prevent people using drugs in the first place . "
Dr Roy Robertson a reader in the Department of Community Health Sciences at Edinburgh University , said whilst none of the outcomes are close to achieving abstinence , treatment with supervised injectable heroin " seems to be our best option " .
" This is the intensive care for those heroin users who have failed after all sorts of other available treatments and continue to inject . "
DrugScope chief executive Martin Barnes added that there is no " magic bullet " and several treatment interventions may be needed before someone becomes drug free or cuts down their drug use .
" On the basis of the outcomes described , there is a strong case for extending heroin prescribing as a carefully targeted and closely supervised form of treatment for chronic addiction . "
From the LA Times :
A team of top federal prosecutors and investigators has taken the first steps toward a formal criminal investigation into oil giant BP 's actions before and after the drilling rig disaster off Louisiana .
The investigators , who have been quietly gathering evidence in Louisiana over the last three weeks , are focusing on whether BP skirted federal safety regulations and misled the U.S. government by saying it could quickly clean up an environmental accident .
The team has met with U.S. attorneys and state officials in the Gulf Coast region and has sent letters to executives of BP and Transocean Ltd. , the drilling rig owner , warning them against destroying documents or other internal records .
The investigation is lead by Assistant Atty .
Gen. Ignacia Moreno of the environment and natural resources division and Assistant Atty .
Gen. Tony West , head of the DOJ 's civil division .
And , to underscore the scope of the investigation :
... the Obama administration has asked for $ 10 million to be set aside to pay for the investigation .
President Obama , in a letter May 12 to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D- San Francisco ) , said the funding was needed " to hold BP , and other responsible parties in this spill , accountable for the crisis . "
In a May 17 letter to Atty .
Gen. Eric Holder , Senator Barbara
Boxer asked him and his department to " review this matter with respect to civil and criminal laws related to false statements to the federal government . "
She cited many different assurances given to her by BP , including assurances that an oil spill would have little to no effect on fish habitats because the company would use " proven equipment and technology " to respond to a blowout & quickly contain the damage .
As we all see now , this was absolutely not true .
Prenez note que cet article publié en 2010 pourrait contenir des informations qui ne sont plus à jour .
Dans une entrevue à Radio - Canada , l'ex - ministre de la Justice du Québec dit avoir été au centre d'un trafic d'influence de collecteurs de fonds importants du Parti libéral , notamment pour la nomination de juges .
Il ajoute que le premier ministre Jean Charest était au courant .
Agrandir l’image ﻿ ( Nouvelle fenêtre ) ﻿ ﻿ Marc Bellemare , alors qu'il faisait campagne sous la bannière libérale , en 2003 , aux côtés de Jean Charest Photo : La Presse canadienne / Clement Allard
Financement politique douteux , échange d'argent comptant , nominations partisanes de juges , pressions politiques indues au sein du gouvernement .
Marc Bellemare , ministre de la Justice pendant un an au sein du premier gouvernement de Jean Charest , en 2003 et 2004 , revient hanter son ancien patron .
Il y a un mois , il déclarait qu'il avait fait part à l'époque au premier ministre d'informations embarrassantes sur du financement au Parti libéral , ce qu'a nié par la suite M. Charest .
Dans une entrevue téléphonique exclusive avec l'animateur de l'émission Enquête de Radio - Canada Alain Gravel , Marc Bellemare y va de révélations fracassantes en disant avoir été témoin d'échanges d'importantes sommes d'argent liquide à deux occasions en décembre 2003 et en janvier 2004 .
Dans un lieu public , dans un premier temps , et à la permanence du PLQ à Québec , par la suite .
Extrait de l'entrevue :
- [ Marc Bellemare ]
Les échanges d'argent auxquels j'ai assisté , de façon très fortuite d'ailleurs , sont des échanges qui ont lieu entre un permanent du parti et un individu considéré comme étant un collecteur influent du parti .
- [ Alain Gravel ]
Est-ce que c'est quelqu'un qui est lié à l'industrie de la construction ?
- Oui .
- Est-ce qu'on peut s'entendre pour dire que c'est un entrepreneur en construction ?
- Oui .
[ [...]
- Quand vous dites des sommes substantielles , c'était de l'argent comptant ?
- Oui [...]
Il y avait des chèques et il y avait une liste aussi de noms tout près .
- Donc , il y avait de l'argent comptant , des chèques et une liste ?
- Exact .
- Beaucoup d'argent comptant ?
- Oui .
- [ Alain Gravel ]
Est-ce que vous avez parlé aux gens qui s'échangeaient de l'argent ?
- [ Marc Bellemare ]
Oui , je les ai salués , mais manifestement , je n'avais pas d'affaires là . [...]
J'en ai parlé au premier ministre , je m'en suis plaint au premier ministre et le lui ai dit que c'était irrégulier à mon avis et que c'était dangereux , et puis voilà .
Extrait de l'entrevue
- [ Alain Gravel ]
Est-ce que vous pouvez me dire ce que le premier ministre vous a répondu ?
- [ Marc Bellemare ]
Non , mais je peux vous dire qu'il était très bien informé .
Allégations de trafic d'influence
Marc Bellemare y va de révélations encore plus spectaculaires concernant l'influence de ce collecteur de fonds .
Il dit avoir été au centre d'un trafic d'influence pour la nomination de juges .
Extrait de l'entrevue :
- [ Marc Bellemare ]
Les gens qui étaient considérés comme étant des collecteurs influents et significatifs du parti avaient leur mot à dire sur plusieurs nominations et ils ne se gênaient pas pour solliciter des nominations de ma part à l'époque , en 2003 et en 2004 , en tenant compte du fait qu'il y avait des retours d'ascenseurs qui étaient exigés , qu'il fallait placer notre monde , comme on disait à l'époque .
- [ Alain Gravel ]
Alors vous avez été soumis à des pressions de collecteurs de fonds pour des nominations , vous - même , comme ministre de la Justice ?
- Tout à fait , oui .
- Est-ce que vous avez été soumis à des pressions de l'individu que vous avez vu remettre l'argent ?
- Oui .
- Donc , lui - même vous a fait des pressions ?
- Oui .
- À de nombreuses reprises ?
- Oui .
- Pour des nominations de ...
- Diverses nominations , et des nominations de juges également .
- Votre souvenir ... à combien de reprises ?
- Trois .
- Trois reprises ?
- Oui .
- Qu'il vous a demandé spécifiquement de nommer des juges ?
- Oui .
- Avec des noms de juges ?
- Oui .
- Est-ce que vous avez nommé ces juges ?
- Oui .
- [ Alain Gravel ]
Vous avez nommé ces juges parce que ...
- [ Marc Bellemare ]
Parce que c'était une commande des grands collecteurs du parti et le premier ministre était d'accord avec ça .
Extrait de l'entrevue
- [ Alain Gravel ]
Vous en avez parlé au premier ministre ?
- [ Marc Bellemare ]
Oui , je m'en suis plaint au premier ministre , mais c'était , semble - t - il , la façon de faire .
[ [...]
- Donc , vous avez informé le premier ministre là-dessus ?
- Oui , tout à fait , je m'en suis plaint à l'automne 2003 comme au printemps 2004 .
- En disant quoi ?
- En disant , je me demandais qui nommait les juges .
Est -ce que c'était le ministre de la Justice ou c'était tel ou tel qui avait collecté significativement des fonds pour le parti qui avait à prendre la décision ?
Je m'en plaignais , mais ça ne changeait pas , parce qu'il fallait agir dans ce sens -là .
De l'obstruction de collecteurs de fonds
Il n'y avait pas que les nominations .
Marc
Bellemare souligne l'obstruction des collecteurs de fonds du parti sur des réformes pour rendre les juges des tribunaux administratifs plus indépendants .
[ Marc Bellemare ]
C'est certain que ces importants collecteurs - là avaient une influence sur l'agenda législatif du gouvernement .
En tout cas , en ce qui me concernait , moi qui avais plusieurs projets de loi qui étaient en attente .
C'était ... on sentait qu'il y avait un veto financier sur certains projets de loi .
- [ Alain Gravel ]
Et ça aussi vous avez avisé le premier ministre là-dessus ?
- [ M.B. ]
Hm-hm .
Extrait de l'entrevue
- [ Alain Gravel ]
Est-ce que votre démission a trait à toutes ces choses ?
Est -ce qu'il y a un événement particulier qui a fait qu'à un moment donné , vous en avez eu ras le bol ?
- [ Marc Bellemare ]
Je trouvais que le dernier projet de loi , qui est le projet de loi 35 , qui était une réforme ambitieuse de la justice administrative au Québec et que j'ai dû abandonner suivant les instructions du premier ministre , suite à une rencontre au cabinet du premier ministre le 29 mars 2004 .
Et puis , ç'a été pour moi le dernier chantier .
- Vous avez perçu que ce projet de loi là , vous avez dû l'abandonner à la suite de pressions de ces collecteurs ?
- Notamment .
Mauvais souvenir
La carrière de Marc Bellemare en politique provinciale a été très courte .
Il en garde un très mauvais souvenir .
Extrait de l'entrevue :
- [ Alain Gravel ]
Ça vous inspire quoi , c'est quand même grave , vous étiez le ministre de la Justice à ce moment - là ?
- [ Marc Bellemare ]
Ça m'inspire le dégoût , et c'est pour ça que je suis parti au printemps 2004 .
Pas de témoignage au DGE
Pour l'instant , Marc Bellemare refuse de donner publiquement les noms des collecteurs de fonds .
Il ne veut pas non plus les révéler au directeur général des élections , en qui il n'a pas confiance .
Il conteste d'ailleurs la citation à comparaître qu'il lui a envoyée pour le forcer à témoigner .
Extrait de l'entrevue :
- [ Alain Gravel ]
Est-ce que vous avez l'intention de contester la convocation du directeur général des élections ?
- [ Marc Bellemare ]
C'est déjà fait .
- Parce que vous ne faites pas confiance à l'institution ?
- Non , c'est parce que le directeur général des élections est une institution qui enquête privément et à mon avis , les informations de cette nature sont d'intérêt public , d'une part .
D'autre part , le financement des partis politiques , ce n'est qu'un volet minime de ce que je viens de vous raconter .
Je pense que le DGE dans ce dossier - là joue le rôle du premier ministre qui , en Chambre , décide que je devrais aller m'adresser au DGE et , 30 minutes plus tard , le téléphone sonne au bureau pour que j'aille rencontrer le DGE .
J'ai trouvé que ça manquait d'indépendance et d'impartialité .
Je trouvais que le DGE agissait comme un homme de main du premier ministre , et ça m'agace .
Marc Bellemare en entrevue à Radio- Canada
Marc Bellemare affirme qu'il a décidé de parler de ces choses parce qu'avec les allégations actuelles sur le milieu de la construction et le financement politique , il y a un intérêt public .
M. Bellemare espère toujours témoigner devant une commission parlementaire , où il jouirait d'une immunité totale .
D'après une entrevue d'Alain Gravel
Newzbin source code leak confirmed - it 's out in the wild somewhere ..
Sign up for our weekly newsletter to get the latest posts in your inbox !
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama on Monday signed a law aimed at helping Uganda and its neighbors combat the Lord ’s Resistance Army ( LRA ) , a rebel group that has brutalized Central Africa for decades .
Obama called the LRA ’s actions -- killing , raping , kidnapping children to serve as child soldiers -- “ an affront to human dignity ” that must be stopped .
The Lord ’s Resistance Army Disarmament and Northern Uganda Recovery
Act of 2009 is designed to provide humanitarian aid to Uganda and neighboring states , to support regional efforts to end the conflict and to bring LRA leaders to justice .
“ The legislation crystallizes the commitment of the United States to help bring an end to the brutality and destruction that have been a hallmark of the LRA across several countries for two decades , ” he said in a statement .
The Ugandan rebel group has killed and abducted people on a regular basis for the last 23 years , from Uganda , Sudan , Central African Republic and Democratic Republic of Congo , Human Rights Watch noted in a report in March .
The U.N. says the LRA killed more than 1,200 people in a 10 - month period throughout 2008 and 2009 , while Human Rights Watch said a massacre in the remote northeast killed 321 people in December .
The U.S. military ’s African Command ( Africom ) provides communications , logistical and intelligence support for Uganda ’s national army in its pursuit of the LRA .
" She 's a real character and is one of the gang .
I 'm thinking of selling her at auction , as apparently guinea - chicken crosses are very rare and also infertile .
I 'm sure that she will find a very loving home , and that people wo n't be put off by her four wings . "
​ California is collecting between $ 50 million and $ 100 million a year in sales taxes from medical marijuana , according to the California Board of Equalization , confirming an estimate previously published in an economic analysis by California NORML .
The state ’s retail market for medical marijuana has surpassed $ 1 billion per year , according to California NORML estimates , with a total adult use market of $ 6 billion .
The numbers were also independently confirmed by patient advocacy group Americans for Safe Access
An initiative to legalize and tax cannabis for adult use will be on this November ’s ballot in the Golden State .
Marijuana opponents , led by Los Angeles County District Attorney Steve Cooley , have tried to choke off the state ’s lucrative medical marijuana market by claiming that all marijuana sales are illegal .
The state stands to lose tens of millions of dollars in sales tax revenues and millions more in enforcement costs if Southern California ’s dispensaries are closed , according to Cal NORML Director Dale Gieringer .
“ Marijuana prohibition is a losing proposition for California ’s taxpayers , ” Gieringer said .
“ On one hand it costs the state to arrest , prosecute , and imprison marijuana offenders , and on the other it deprives the state of valuable tax revenues . ”
As the recession comes to an end , many are working on plans to expand their small businesses .
Stephanie Chandler , author of Leap !
101 Ways to Grow Your Business and The Business Startup Checklist and Planning Guide has some great tips on how you can market your small business as the recession comes to an end .
I believe that these tips can also be effective for a home business .
Chandler is also involved with Project Rev — a contest offering $ 5,000 worth of marketing tools .
You have until tomorrow , May 4th , to enter .
Even if you do n’t enter , though , here are some great tips for getting a plan together to market your small business or home business :
artnet Magazine News Reviews Features Books People Videos Horoscope Newsletter Spencers Art Law Journal Subscribe to our RSS feed :
DUST TO DUST
by Matthew Bown
Alberto Giacometti’s six - foot - tall bronze Walking Man I sold at Sotheby ’s London in February 2010 for the equivalent of $ 104.3 million , and was briefly ( until overtaken this month by a Picasso ) the most expensive artwork ever sold at auction .
It remains , by far , the most expensive work available in multiple examples .
The sculpture , cast by the artist himself in 1961 , was reportedly bought by Lily Safra , widow of banker Edmund Safra .
Maybe the purchase price was chump change to Safra : she received more than half that sum recently when the Russian oligarch Mikhail Prokhorov backed out of the purchase of her Villa Leopold on the Cote d’Azur , relinquishing his five percent deposit .
Alberto Giacometti’s six - foot - tall bronze Walking Man I sold at Sotheby ’s London in February 2010 for the equivalent of $ 104.3 million , and was briefly ( until overtaken this month by a Picasso ) the most expensive artwork ever sold at auction .
It remains , by far , the most expensive work available in multiple examples .
The sculpture , cast by the artist himself in 1961 , was reportedly bought by Lily Safra , widow of banker Edmund Safra .
Maybe the purchase price was chump change to Safra : she received more than half that sum recently when the Russian oligarch Mikhail Prokhorov backed out of the purchase of her Villa Leopold on the Cote d’Azur , relinquishing his five percent deposit .
But by most people ’s standards it is a very large sum of money ; and in relation to the production cost of the sculpture it is an absurdly large sum of money .
To make a copy of Walking Man I today ( I am told by Morris Singer Foundry , which does much casting for artists in the UK ) would cost in the region of $ 25,000 , including the price of the bronze .
If we allow for Giacometti’s time to make the piece , it does not substantially alter the enormity of the disparity between production cost and market price .
Given that the sculpture exists in an edition of six , it would seem that , back in the early 1960s , Giacometti single - handedly created more than a half a billion dollars of goods , at today ’s prices , in at most a few weeks .
A byproduct of this disparity is the elaborate Giacometti forgery operations that plague the market .
One uncovered in Stuttgart last year involved not only 1,000 fake bronzes in a storage facility but also a published book that provided the purported back - story or " provenance " for these objects : a colorful fiction titled Diego ’s Revenge involving a squabble between the artist and one of his brothers .
Another effect is the bemusement of the public .
Writing about the Giacometti sale , the Australian journalist Andrew Frost posed the question that no doubt many people ask themselves even if they do not utter it out loud : " Since the material value of art is negligible , we ’re paying for something -- but what ? "
Pablo Picasso , legend has it , had an answer to this : you are paying for " a lifetime of experience . "
But this explanation fails when we consider the market in work by Picasso himself .
The most expensive works by Picasso that have been sold at auction are the 1932 Nude , Green Leaves and Bust , purchased recently for $ 106.5 million ; and a 1905 Rose Period painting , Garcon a la Pipe , which was auctioned for $ 104.2 million in 2004 .
Allowing for inflation , the Garcon cost more in real terms than the Nude .
Picasso , born in 1881 , was roughly 24 years old when he painted it , and he eventually lived to 91 : the art he produced in his old age , with a " lifetime of experience " behind him , is worth less , not more .
A sense of the disconnect between the production cost and market price of artworks has already become a part of modern consciousness .
It was dramatized in Yasmina Reza ’s hit play Art , which revolves precisely around the difficulty of rationalizing the extraordinary sums paid for things that have no apparent material value .
For 200,000 francs , Serge buys a white canvas inscribed with a few lines ; his friend Marc dismisses it as " a piece of white shit . "
Serge replies that it " conforms to laws that you do n’t understand . "
But what are these laws ?
What is it about artworks that begets the extremes of veneration , leading to massive capital investments , by individuals and collective interests alike , in collections and museum building ; and to the general awestruck acquiescence in the business of art ?
* * * Recently a number of books have been published by economists who aim to reveal the mechanism that leads to the formation of staggering prices for art , especially modern art .
As part of their analyses , these economists have attempted to define exactly what the quality or qualities are that collectors pay for .
Among these books are Don Thompson ’s The $ 12 Million Stuffed Shark , David W. Galenson ’s Artistic Capital , and Olav Velthuis ’s Talking Prices .
Of course , theories of art can be more sophisticated than those proposed in the above books , but as a rule they do n’t directly address the question " What are we paying for ? "
By applying the principle of Follow The Money , maybe we can arrive at an insight into art itself .
Recently a number of books have been published by economists who aim to reveal the mechanism that leads to the formation of staggering prices for art , especially modern art .
As part of their analyses , these economists have attempted to define exactly what the quality or qualities are that collectors pay for .
Among these books are Don Thompson ’s The $ 12 Million Stuffed Shark , David W. Galenson ’s Artistic Capital , and Olav Velthuis ’s Talking Prices .
Of course , theories of art can be more sophisticated than those proposed in the above books , but as a rule they do n’t directly address the question " What are we paying for ? "
By applying the principle of Follow The Money , maybe we can arrive at an insight into art itself .
Thompson ’s theory is that the price of the preserved shark to which his title alludes ( a work by Damien Hirst ) and of other expensive works of contemporary art is a reflection of " brand equity " produced by marketing and publicity .
He compares explicitly the purchase of a " branded " artwork , i.e. one blessed by the gallery - auction - museum - press apparatus , to the purchase of a Louis Vuitton handbag , and suggests that branding is relied upon by buyers as a substitute for their own judgment , about which they feel insecure .
Thompson ’s notion of the insecure art buyer is persuasive up to a point .
To be sure , there are London bankers who will , as a matter of principle , buy their suits in Savile Row , their shirts in Jermyn Street and their art at White Cube .
But in the case of Hirst ’s shark and many other sales at the top level , we are by no means dealing with art - world players who are inexperienced or lacking confidence in their own judgment .
For Thompson to be right , we have to accept that Steven A. Cohen , a fantastically successful hedge - funder and a leading collector of contemporary art , is merely in thrall to the power of the Hirst brand .
In fact , logically , he must be in thrall to many brands , one for each artist whose work he owns .
It ’s a nice idea , quite poignant , but as far as Cohen is concerned Thompson does n’t adduce any evidence for it .
Cohen himself described the shark unambiguously as " the piece of the 90s , " which does n’t suggest he lacks confidence in his own taste .
Furthermore , we have to accept that not only Cohen but also the underbidders on the shark were beguiled by branding .
We may not know them all , but they include Tate director Sir Nicholas Serota , who put in a multimillion - dollar offer .
To impute feelings of insecurity to an activist such as Serota is absurd , since for years , as curator , director of Tate and chairman of the Turner Prize panel , he has been highly instrumental in creating the contemporary art scene as we know it .
What does Serota himself say about art ?
That artworks can be " symbols of optimism and renewal " or " objects of beauty and contemplation " ; that some are also " transgressive , " " raw and tender , brazen and subtle . "
To reduce such a panoply of responses to the effect of branding leaves too many questions unanswered .
Galenson ’s thesis in Artistic Capital is that top prices are paid not for branded items but for an inherent quality of some artworks which he terms " innovation . "
It ’s a reductive explanation , no less than Thompson ’s , but Galenson has some excuse for running to it because it is an idea with a long history , which I will paraphrase .
Galenson ’s concept of innovation is a reverberation of Trotsky ’s theory of Permanent Revolution , channeled via modernist critics such as Michael Fried ( who suggested the notion of artistic " perpetual revolution " ) and Clement Greenberg ( himself a Trotskyist ) .
The overlap between artistic and political radicalism may be traced back to the emergence in the 18th century of the Romantic movement , which cast both artists and revolutionaries as the new Christian martyrs and visionaries , and viewed Christianity itself , in the poet Novalis ’s words , as " absolute abstraction , the destruction of the now , the apotheosis of the future . "
And from there we travel back to the revolutionary nature of early Christianity itself .
Galenson ’s speculations on the difference between artistic success at a young age ( due to what he calls " conceptual innovation " ) and in old age ( " experimental innovation " ) are interesting .
But for Galenson innovation is always confirmed post factum , retrospectively , as that which art - history and the secondary art - market ( their opinions are closely allied in Galenson ’s view ) subsequently recognizes and honors .
This makes his argument worryingly circular .
What is the most important art ?
Innovative art , answers Galenson .
And what is innovative art ?
It is the art deemed , retrospectively , the most important .
Galenson fails to elucidate the mechanism whereby one innovation asserts itself in preference to another .
The epithet " innovation " suggests of course that art develops like applied science , each advance building on and rendering obsolete what went before : such thinking was at the heart of Fried - style modernism .
But Galenson does not explain why someone would want to pay a huge sum for the innovation of 100 years ago if , by definition , it is now outmoded , the esthetic equivalent of a crystal set radio .
He does n’t speculate , either , on whether the entire art market is shaped by innovation , or only the top - level trade .
Galenson ’s emphasis on innovation leads to an unintentional comedy .
He produces a ranking of the " most illustrated French paintings " of the late 19th and early 20th centuries -- Picasso’s Les Demoiselles d’Avignon and Guernica , Seurat ’s Sunday Afternoon on the Island of the Grande Jatte , Duchamp ’s Nude Descending a Staircase and Manet ’s Le Dejeuner sur L’Herbe -- and ascribes their preeminence to their historical importance as innovations .
He does n’t make the obvious comment that four of the five illustrate nude or nearly - nude women and the fifth features , as the most dramatically foregrounded element , a woman ’s rump of strikingly enhanced size and curvaciousness , the 19th - century bourgeois equivalent of today ’s artificially boosted cleavages .
The most - illustrated modern American painting , according to Galenson , is another female nude , de Kooning ’s Woman I .
Olav Velthuis ’s Talking Prices , in contrast to the reductive analyses of Thompson and Galenson , is an extremely wide - ranging and subtle guide to the way in which value is formed in contemporary art .
It is superb at teasing out the intricate social and spiritual exigencies of the art - world : as Velthuis puts it at the outset : " we need to go beyond conventional understandings of markets . "
He records dealers ’ apparent lack of interest in prices , their emphasis on being perceived as " really pure , " their hostility to the mercantile auction resale process and their ( no less than the artists ’ ) orientation to history .
He considers the protestant taboos on ostentation , the rituals of market exchange and the inextricable entanglement of market and culture .
He stresses the importance to a contemporary art - seller of a " mastery of critical discourse . "
He writes of the " consecration " of artworks by the establishment ( surely a more fertile and precise epithet than " branding " ) and contrasts the " sacred " space of the gallery to the " profane space " of the back - room where deals are cut .
And he comes to the conclusion , paradoxical but in my view correct , that the rituals of the market are not camouflage or a come - on , they are of the essence ; and that prices themselves are " cultural entities , " that is to say , they have what Velthuis terms " symbolic meanings . "
What we have is " an economy of symbolic goods " ( a phrase which Velthuis takes from French sociologist Pierre Bourdieu ) in which it is not artists ( or branding , or innovation ) that determine prices , but rather prices that are a ranking device for artists .
In passing , he makes the important comment that " buyers value artworks according to the " proximity " to their creator . "
In general , handmade works are more highly prized than mechanically produced multiples , for example .
It ’s an obvious enough point , but of the essence , as we shall see .
What Velthuis does n’t venture , however , is the definition of an artwork from the point of view of this complex market : maybe he feels it is too elusive or many - faceted a concept .
Velthuis makes it clear that the general disarray of economists when faced with the art market is not new .
The founder of modern economics , Alfred W. Marshall , believed that no " systematic explanation " was possible for the price of art and other rare goods .
Adam Smith noted the disconnect between the cost of production and selling price of paintings and put it down to the whim and means of the buyer .
David Ricardo saw art as an exception to the labor theory of value and also put price formation down to the " wealth and inclinations " of the buyer .
W. Stanley Jevons found art to be an irrational exception to his theory that prices were driven by demand .
Velthuis deals at some length with Thorstein Veblen ’s Theory of Conspicuous Consumption , according to which " utility " arises from the price paid : the more a work costs , the greater the status it confers .
Jean Baudrillard arrived at a similar conclusion : that the price of artworks reflects their " sumptuary " value , i.e. their cachet as luxury goods .
Such theories sit well with the buying practices of Russian oligarchs , of course , but they do n’t bring us closer to answering the question : just what do artworks -- usually , functionless accumulations of worthless materials  represent , that they attain such veneration and , as a result , such prices ?
* * * Ask an art historian for his or her take on the question of the cost and mystique of artworks and he will almost certainly refer you back to the emergence in Renaissance Italy of a number of related phenomena : to the new humanism which took art out of the churches and into secular spaces ; to the concept of individual genius , which began to be attached to artists ( in particular by the art - historian Vasari , in his Lives of contemporary Italian artists , to Michelangelo ) ; to the appearance of private collectors and to the role played by the bankers -- notably the Medicis -- who , then as now , were key players in the business of commissioning and collecting art ; and maybe to such technicalities as the growing practice of easel painting , i.e. the production of portable works in oil on canvas which could be easily moved around , hung in various locations , and thus traded .
From there he will take you forward to Romanticism , when the idea of the artist as wayward genius became established in the imagination of the public , when an artist ’s own biography became central to the promotion of his work , and when the first private commercial galleries appeared .
Ask an art historian for his or her take on the question of the cost and mystique of artworks and he will almost certainly refer you back to the emergence in Renaissance Italy of a number of related phenomena : to the new humanism which took art out of the churches and into secular spaces ; to the concept of individual genius , which began to be attached to artists ( in particular by the art - historian Vasari , in his Lives of contemporary Italian artists , to Michelangelo ) ; to the appearance of private collectors and to the role played by the bankers -- notably the Medicis -- who , then as now , were key players in the business of commissioning and collecting art ; and maybe to such technicalities as the growing practice of easel painting , i.e. the production of portable works in oil on canvas which could be easily moved around , hung in various locations , and thus traded .
From there he will take you forward to Romanticism , when the idea of the artist as wayward genius became established in the imagination of the public , when an artist ’s own biography became central to the promotion of his work , and when the first private commercial galleries appeared .
Ask the art historian to trace the art - market not forwards from the Renaissance but backwards into medieval times and you will draw a blank .
He will tell you that prior to the emergence of Renaissance geniuses , artists were anonymous and artworks were priced according to their size , complexity and the materials used -- i.e. the pre-Renaissance pricing mechanism accorded much more with the fundamental economic notion of a production cost .
In any case , he might add , late medieval scholastic thought required that the price charged for a good be related to what the producer needed to maintain himself : to demand a substantial excess would be construed as a sin .
The art market , thus , in the conventional view , sprang up in the Renaissance and before that there never was such a thing , nor anything like it .
But this is to look in the wrong place .
Prior to the Renaissance , and even during it , the supreme objects of popular and official veneration were not works of art : they were the relics of the saints .
That is to say , pieces of the saints ’ bodies , and objects which they had worn , touched , or with which they were associated .
It is in the culture that flourished around such relics that we find the ancient analogue of our own art - world .
From early in the first millennium AD and for a period of over a thousand years relics -- essentially useless and worthless pieces of bone or hair or skin , or scraps of cloth , or other random objets  were collected and worshipped with a fervor that is today reserved for art .
They were protected by gorgeous cases ( reliquaries ) and housed in purpose - built prestige edifices , viewed by tourists in their thousands , traded by kings and emperors , stolen , seized as war booty , held as collateral by bankers and of course faked by unscrupulous dealers .
They , more so than mosaics , paintings or sculpture , were what drew pilgrims and locals to the great shrines .
They were embedded into webs of discourse ( for the relics , as for Foucault , discourse was " everything " ) and were the focus of institutionalized rituals that emphasized their eternal spiritual power .
And here , in the relic - cult , we find huge sums paid for objects whose production costs and material value were zero and whose status , outside of the relevant context , was mere rubbish .
* * * The Christian tradition of relic - adoration , which emerged no later than the second century , conflicted with both Roman and Jewish religious norms and legal requirements , which required dead bodies to remain buried and intact .
Instead , to the horror of the Romans , the corpses of the martyrs were dragged from the arena or disinterred , to be later dismembered , distributed and venerated .
The cult of relics appears to have been a grass - roots movement -- many writers have claimed it was an adaptation of pagan practices -- that , like the martyr - cult that fed it ( the martyrs literally provided the raw material ) , was tolerated , shaped and exploited by the Church leaders .
As the Church Father Tertullian put it , " The blood of martyrs is the seed of the Church . "
The Christian tradition of relic - adoration , which emerged no later than the second century , conflicted with both Roman and Jewish religious norms and legal requirements , which required dead bodies to remain buried and intact .
Instead , to the horror of the Romans , the corpses of the martyrs were dragged from the arena or disinterred , to be later dismembered , distributed and venerated .
The cult of relics appears to have been a grass - roots movement -- many writers have claimed it was an adaptation of pagan practices -- that , like the martyr - cult that fed it ( the martyrs literally provided the raw material ) , was tolerated , shaped and exploited by the Church leaders .
As the Church Father Tertullian put it , " The blood of martyrs is the seed of the Church . "
The appeal of the relics was frankly magical .
St Augustine , the pre-eminent philosopher of the early church , gave a long list of miracles of which he was personally aware in the last chapter of his book The City of God , written about 410 , and nearly all of these miracles were cures produced by martyrs ’ relics .
Indeed , one of the attractions of relics seems to have been that , like the British National Health Service , they made no distinction between rich and poor in their healing powers : in the democracy of the shrines they , like artworks in museums today , were accessible to all .
By the middle of the first millennium the cult of relics was established throughout Christendom and Christian ritual revolved essentially around the shrines which held these relics ; these were the meeting points of Heaven and Earth .
The magic events wrought over and again by the relics were held to be mini-proofs of the primal miracle : the salvation of mankind brought about God ’s incarnation in Christ , his death and resurrection .
Prime among the relics were those attributed to figures from the New Testament , including John the Baptist , the Virgin Mary and the apostles ; those of the early Christian martyrs ; and those of Jesus Christ himself .
His resurrected body was of course not available , but just about everything else imaginable , it turned out , was : his blood , his foreskin , his infant nail - parings , his seamless coat , the wood from the cross on which he hung , the spear that stabbed his flank , the nails that pierced his hands and feet , the Crown of Thorns , and his tears , to name some .
In the wake of the relic cult , legends as to their provenance sprang up : for example , that the 80 - year - old Helena , the mother of the first Christian emperor , Constantine , visited Jerusalem and there by diligent research uncovered the Holy Sepulcher , which contained the True Cross and also the Title , a piece of wood bearing the letters I.N.R.I.  Iesus Nazarenus Rex Iudeorum , Jesus of Nazareth , King of the Jews , which had been nailed to the top of the cross .
By mid-millennium claimed fragments of the True Cross were distributed all over Christendom .
The bodies of the martyrs themselves ( all the early saints , including the apostles , received biographies that portrayed them as martyrs ) were broken up and shared around in the same way : each fragment was believed to have the entire spiritual power of the original whole .
This fragmentation seems to have been a response to market demand : everyone wanted a piece of the spiritual action .
In fact , much like an artist - made printing - plate that can produce a long edition of artworks , a relic could make another relic and pass on its power merely by contact ; for example , many so - called brandea were produced by pressing pieces of cloth to the relics of St Peter , held in Rome .
* * *
The life of a relic once it was settled at a shrine was analogous to that of an artwork in a modern museum collection .
It spent most of its time in storage , hidden usually in the Church ’s securest stockroom , i.e. under the altar - stone .
But from time to time -- at the time of its first acquisition ( which might be by purchase or donation ) , and thereafter maybe once a year , on the saint ’s feast day -- it would be taken out and exhibited .
The exhibition would be accompanied by readings describing the history of the relic and emphasizing its miraculous powers .
The public would come to the exhibition and pay homage to the relic , and to the saint whose relic it was .
Sometimes the relic would be sent out on an exhibition tour .
Eventually , however , unless it was a relic of particular importance and thus kept on permanent display , it went back into storage ; it was accessible between shows only to specialists .
The life of a relic once it was settled at a shrine was analogous to that of an artwork in a modern museum collection .
It spent most of its time in storage , hidden usually in the Church ’s securest stockroom , i.e. under the altar - stone .
But from time to time -- at the time of its first acquisition ( which might be by purchase or donation ) , and thereafter maybe once a year , on the saint ’s feast day -- it would be taken out and exhibited .
The exhibition would be accompanied by readings describing the history of the relic and emphasizing its miraculous powers .
The public would come to the exhibition and pay homage to the relic , and to the saint whose relic it was .
Sometimes the relic would be sent out on an exhibition tour .
Eventually , however , unless it was a relic of particular importance and thus kept on permanent display , it went back into storage ; it was accessible between shows only to specialists .
Relics were not immune to the evolution of taste : many , after a glorious arrival at some shrine , fell into obscurity .
As one writer has put it : " Cults rose and fell .
. . and villagers were always receptive to rumors of more powerful saints who were perhaps closer to God . "
But still they were kept .
The important thing with relics , as with the multitude unseen artworks held in our museums , is that they were known to be there .
Essentially the relics ’ collections , like the art collections of today , were stores of spiritual capital designed to be held for all eternity or , if you are eschatologically minded , until Kingdom Come .
A corollary of this understanding was the prohibition on resale of relics from church collections , closely mirrored in our day by the severe prejudice against de-accessioning of works held by museums .
Relics , once they entered the possession of the churches , were emphatically removed from the realm of commerce and became purely spiritual goods : henceforth , no amount of money could buy them .
Over the centuries , the relic - cult grew .
Like the cult of art today , it was essentially an urban and upper - class obsession .
A fine relic - collection became essential to any self - respecting medieval emperor , king or bishop .
Commercial infrastructure emerged to facilitate the supply : prior to their incorporation into the shrines where they were intended to lie for evermore , relics were widely bought and sold .
In the spotty records the first " art dealer " appears , a ninth - century Italian church deacon named Deusdona , who seems to have had the run of the Roman catacombs , a storage depot in southern Italy and an international network of clients .
Deusdona supplied the bodies of the saints Peter , Marcellinus and Hermes to Einhard , a scholar in the court of Charlemagne , who was a major relic - collector .
To a monk named Theotmar , who was presumably buying on behalf of an important church collections or collections , he supplied saints Alexander , Sebastian , Fabian , Urban , Felicissimus , Felicity , Emmerentina and others .
All these were , it was claimed , exhumed from the catacombs in Rome .
Deusdona operated on a significant scale , organizing caravans of goods which crossed the Alps in spring and visited the monastic fairs of northern Europe : not such a different proposition from a contemporary art dealer travelling to Art Basel , FIAC , Frieze .
Another dealer referenced in multiple sources is Felix , a Frankish cleric , who travelled the Holy Roman Empire on business .
Felix is recorded as selling some of the same saints as Deusdona .
Plainly , the collectors all wanted more or less the same saints .
The fragmentation of the corpses allowed this up to a point , but eventually the multiplication of holy bodies became an embarrassment to the Church .
The European collecting frenzy increased after the sack of Constantinople in 1204 by the armies of the IV Crusade .
The decision by the Crusaders to seize Constantinople en route to Jerusalem was taken above all for the purposes of seizing booty , primarily the incomparable collection of relics .
The looted relics were dispersed across Europe , often enough via Venice , which emerged as the chief hub of the trade , above all to collections in France and Germany .
The most celebrated item taken from Constantinople after 1204 was the Crown of Thorns , the pre-eminent relic of the Passion of Christ .
It was bought by Louis IX of France , also known as St Louis , from Baldwin II , Latin Emperor of Constantinople , in 1238 .
The price paid reveals the considerable sums invested in the top relics , comparable with the investments made in art today .
Before Louis took possession , the Crown was held in Venice and plighted to one Nicholas Quirino , who was successor to five previous creditors who had it as security for a loan to Baldwin of ( depending on which source you read ) 13,134 hyperperes of gold or about 135,000 gold livres tournois ; the latter sum , according to French Wikipedia , is equivalent to about  24 million today .
Another price - point is the 5,000 hyperperes for which Baldwin II , again , pawned the hand with which John the Baptist baptized Jesus , formerly kept in the Boukoleon Palace in Constantinople ( in the event , Baldwin could not or would not pay off this debt either , and the lender took possession of the relic and sold it to some monks who deposited it at the great Cistercian abbey at Citeaux ) .
Such sums made sense because relics were held to be the incarnation of miraculous , democratic , salvational virtue .
Their possession conferred heavenly legitimacy on earthly power .
Louis IX , for example , distributed individual thorns to churches across France and commissioned writers to weave together the legend of the Crown of Thorns and the theory of the Divine Right of Kings .
The extraordinary sums paid for some artworks today are founded , surely , on a similar understanding of their virtue and symbolic role .
* * *
The great European churches , some reconstructed expressly to accommodate visitors in search of relics , became the prime destinations of tourism and pilgrimage .
Thus the relic collections , like the great art collections of today , were important contributors to the local economy .
The major tourist sites -- Paris , Rome and Venice -- were often enough those we know today , but in the Middle Ages and the Renaissance period it was the relics that people came to see , rather than the paintings .
The great European churches , some reconstructed expressly to accommodate visitors in search of relics , became the prime destinations of tourism and pilgrimage .
Thus the relic collections , like the great art collections of today , were important contributors to the local economy .
The major tourist sites -- Paris , Rome and Venice -- were often enough those we know today , but in the Middle Ages and the Renaissance period it was the relics that people came to see , rather than the paintings .
To house the Crown of Thorns and his other relic acquisitions Louis built the Sainte Chapelle in Paris , one of the supreme masterpieces of gothic architecture .
Its construction cost 40,000 livres tournois , much less than the price of the relics it housed .
By the end of the Middle Ages ambitious men on the fringes of Western Europe were putting their mind to relic - collecting .
In 1348 , for example , Charles IV , king of Bohemia , began construction of the magnificent Karltejn Castle , designed above all as repository for prime relics of the Holy Roman Empire .
Such projects were fundamentally ideological , hugely expensive affirmations of the unity of the Christian polity .
We can scarcely avoid a comparison with the collection - building and museum - construction being undertaken today by post -Soviet oligarchs such as Vyacheslav Kantor and Viktor Pinchuk .
Kantor ’s collection of Russian - Jewish artists , housed in the Switzerland - based Museum of Avant - Garde Mastery , is described on Kantor ’s website as part of the Jewish Positioning System , " created to influence public opinion about Jews using positive examples and focusing on their contributions to society and the country . "
Viktor Pinchuk ’s collecting in Kiev , Ukraine , is part of a grand enlightenment programme designed to separate Ukraine from Russia and weld it securely to the West .
One of the most celebrated pilgrim routes , the so - called Way of St James , also known as the Camino Frances , was a march through France and along the north coast of Spain to the shrine of St James the Greater , known in Spain as Santiago , whose relics were housed at Santiago de Compostela , in the greatest Romanesque cathedral in all of Spain .
There is a clear line of descent from this shrine to one of the key edifices of contemporary art , the Gehry Guggenheim at Bilbao , which is situated on a northern branch of the Camino Frances .
In 1987 the Council of Europe declared the Camino Frances the first European Cultural Route .
At the same time , in conjunction with this , the Basque authorities embarked on a redevelopment of their city .
In other words , the most important new contemporary art museum of recent times has its origin in an acute awareness of the streams of pilgrims seeking relics who had brought prosperity to northern Spain in centuries past .
The Bilbao Effect , also known as the Miracle of Bilbao , has become an object lesson in how to promote cities ; it was a lesson already well - known to the medieval clerics .
For the trip to Santiago de Compostela pilgrims received a plenary indulgence .
After the Gehry museum opened , the New York Times noted that in certain artistic and architectural social circles , a " pilgrimage to Bilbao " had become de rigueur , and the question " Have you been to Bilbao ? " was " a kind of cocktail party game that marked someone either as a culture vulture or a clueless rube . "
* * * Arguably , the relics -- remnants of hair , bone , flesh or pieces of cloth , perhaps stained by the blood of martyrs ( like the pieces of cloth that were , according to St Augustine , moistened in the blood that oozed from the wounds of St Vincent ) , all impregnated by supernatural power -- foresee not only contemporary art but also the Renaissance and what flowed from it far more accurately than does the Byzantine painting that was created at the same time .
Arguably , the relics -- remnants of hair , bone , flesh or pieces of cloth , perhaps stained by the blood of martyrs ( like the pieces of cloth that were , according to St Augustine , moistened in the blood that oozed from the wounds of St Vincent ) , all impregnated by supernatural power -- foresee not only contemporary art but also the Renaissance and what flowed from it far more accurately than does the Byzantine painting that was created at the same time .
Renaissance art is built around a sense of the miracle of incarnation : of Jesus Christ above all , but also of humankind in general .
In Renaissance painting , for the first time in more than 1,000 years , flesh - and - blood beings exist in fully - described three - dimensional space .
Byzantine art , on the other hand , consists of otherworldly images from which the profound sense of incarnation and inhabitable space has been excluded .
In fact , if we consider the continuity between the Greco - Roman and Renaissance art , then the religious art of Byzantium seems like a kind of aberration in the Western European tradition rather than an integral part of it .
This is how it seemed to Vasari , who saw the whole period from the fourth - century emperor Constantine onwards as one of catastrophic decline in painting and sculpture , and to a lesser extent architecture , which began to be corrected only by Cimabue and his pupil , Giotto .
What kept this sense of the miracle of incarnation alive during the long interregnum of Byzantine art was the relics .
They were a constant reminder of the potential magic of the flesh , which Byzantine art did not supply .
The incarnation of Jesus Christ was evoked by all the wonders performed by the body - parts of martyrs .
As St Augustine wrote in The City of God : " But we can not deny that many miracles were wrought to confirm that one grand and health - giving miracle of Christ ’s ascension to heaven with the flesh in which He rose . "
Is it misleading to posit some kind of dialectical relationship between relics and Byzantine art ?
Did n’t they operate in fundamentally unrelated zones of experience ?
Not really .
As early as the end of the first millennium , well before the Great Schism between the Latin and Byzantine churches in 1054 , a philosophical schism was apparent over the relative importance of icons and relics .
The Eastern Church preferred icons ; the Western Church put its primary faith in relics .
The Libri Carolini ( circa 792 ) , composed on the orders of the Emperor of the Romans , Charlemagne , are the most complete statement of Western views on visual art in the Middle Ages .
The Libri made it clear that images , though they might be beautiful , were not appropriate for veneration : " They [ the Eastern Church ] place almost all the hope of their credulity in images , but it remains firm that we venerate the saints in their bodies or better in their relics , or even in their clothing , in the ancient tradition of the Fathers . "
In other words , it was a matter of either / or .
The relics were regarded in the Latin Church precisely as a more potent alternative to the visual art of Byzantium .
During the Renaissance , what was infused into sculpted marble and oil on canvas was surely not only the Greco - Roman delight in mimesis but also the transcendental essence of the relics : the idea -- lacking in the hieratic art of Byzantium -- that physical bodies which incarnate the Holy Spirit should be presented with the maximum of realism .
Indeed , I believe that the most useful way to understand relics is not as what they were officially purported to be -- body parts of legendary magical figures -- but as a form of representation .
Once they are understood in this way , conundrums such as the patent absurdity of the relics ’ provenances and the crazy multiplication of bodies of the same saints become secondary , even comprehensible .
Even so , it ’s not straightforward to demonstrate this process of infusion because relics and Renaissance art are such different kinds of things .
Yet despite the radically different modes of representation involved , there are some formal indications of such transference .
For example , up until the 15th century relics were actually concealed within sculptures ( to this day , relics of the Buddha are used in the same way ) .
In the field of painting , the forms of early Renaissance paintings of the crucifixion , such as famous works by Cimabue and Giotto , in which a heavy shaped frame with enlarged rectangular extremities narrowly contains a body , resemble nothing so much as reliquary crosses .
In such crucifixions , what was once contained within the reliquary -- perhaps viewed through a crystal peep - hole -- is now illustrated in paint on the surface of the cross : the convincing depiction of a man nailed to the cross takes the place of fragments of the true cross or of remains of a martyr .
In both cases the representation strives for the maximum of realism .
Even during the first millennium there was in fact substantial cross -over between relics and painting .
Some of the most celebrated relics were also images , and some of the most celebrated paintings were also relics .
The body of Christ imprinted on the Turin Shroud is the best - known relic - image , a claimed contact - print ( parodied centuries later by Yves Klein , who required naked women smeared in International Klein Blue to press themselves to canvas to create works such as the Mondo Cane Shroud ) .
Other images were produced , it was claimed , in the same way , the most famous being the so - called Veronica , a cloth that was pressed to the face of Christ as he walked up the hill of Calvary ( the face on the Veronica is said to have inspired a particular form of icon ; it also gave its name to the most popular pass in bullfighting ) .
And the most famous of the early icons were claimed primarily as relics and not as images .
These were paintings of the Virgin Mary , executed from life it was said by Saint Luke .
The relic - status of these works -- i.e. the belief that they were from St Luke ’s hand  was the pre-eminent reason for their fame , rather than the niceties of the image - making .
Renaissance artists often portrayed Luke and his painting .
From St Luke perhaps , and not from Vasari ’s Michelangelo , stems the cult of the artist .
* * * Scepticism about relics , always present , came to a head with the Reformation .
John Calvin , one of the Reformation ’s chief ideologists , mounted a lengthy attack on the cult in his Treatise on Relics ( 1543 ) .
He described relics as " trash " and " precious rubbish " and rejected provenances as " evident lies . "
He documented many absurdities : in Geneva , for example , there was " on the high altar the brain of St Peter " which on inspection turned out to be " a piece of pumice stone . "
He noted impossible multiplication of relics -- 100 places claimed to have some of Jesus ’s blood , there were enough fragments of the True Cross to make " a whole ship ’s cargo , " there were multiple heads of John the Baptist , multiple bodies of Apostles .
Scepticism about relics , always present , came to a head with the Reformation .
John Calvin , one of the Reformation ’s chief ideologists , mounted a lengthy attack on the cult in his Treatise on Relics ( 1543 ) .
He described relics as " trash " and " precious rubbish " and rejected provenances as " evident lies . "
He documented many absurdities : in Geneva , for example , there was " on the high altar the brain of St Peter " which on inspection turned out to be " a piece of pumice stone . "
He noted impossible multiplication of relics -- 100 places claimed to have some of Jesus ’s blood , there were enough fragments of the True Cross to make " a whole ship ’s cargo , " there were multiple heads of John the Baptist , multiple bodies of Apostles .
In general , many of Calvin ’s objections to relics have the tenor of common - sense rejections of contemporary art .
Some of the pious frauds he lists are almost impossibly delightful : a towel with which Jesus dried the feet of his disciples and that bears the footprint of Judas ; crosses that grew beards ; Aaron ’s rod ; even the tiny shield of the Archangel Michael .
The Catholic Church could not but respond .
Many examples of the duplicate relics of which Calvin made so much fun were pared down by papal fiat to a single one .
The main assembly of the Counter - Reformation , the Council of Trent ( 1545 -63 ) , convened to deal with the protestant heresies , made certification of new relics and miracles by a bishop compulsory .
As the importance of the old relics was officially diminished by the Catholic Church , the importance of the sacrament of the Eucharist increased .
But this did not signify , in fact , a diminution of the relic - cult , because the wafer and wine were , and still are , considered actual relics of Jesus Christ , the incarnation of his flesh , no less than the foreskin , nail - parings and vials of blood .
Calvin even remarked on the veneration of a pen-knife " with which the host at Paris was pierced by a Jew " : this pen-knife with which a piece of consecrated bread had apparently been stabbed was worshipped just like the several lances which were claimed to have pierced Christ ’s side .
The wafer and wine ’s status as relics was confirmed by the Council of Trent : " after the consecration , the veritable Body of our Lord , and His veritable Blood , together with His soul and divinity , are under the species of bread and wine . "
In the form of the Eucharist the relic cult survives to our day .
And in fact the cult of the old - style relics also survives , despite the Church ’s misgivings : Tony Blair was among 250,000 people who visited the bones of St Therese of Lisieux at Westminster Cathedral last year .
* * * Nothing foreshadows the contemporary attitude to art so much as the medieval Christian veneration of relics .
And it ’s a corollary of the self - awareness of contemporary artists that some at least should also realize that they are producing a kind of contemporary relics .
Duchamp returned to us the ancient understanding that that real - world objects and artist - created images and can exist in a single discursive continuum ; and this article suggests that this continuum should be extended back in time to incorporate the relics of the martyrs .
Nothing foreshadows the contemporary attitude to art so much as the medieval Christian veneration of relics .
And it ’s a corollary of the self - awareness of contemporary artists that some at least should also realize that they are producing a kind of contemporary relics .
Duchamp returned to us the ancient understanding that that real - world objects and artist - created images and can exist in a single discursive continuum ; and this article suggests that this continuum should be extended back in time to incorporate the relics of the martyrs .
Piero Manzoni was probably the first artist to construct his oeuvre around the idea that artworks are relics .
In December 1961 he wrote to the artist Ben Vautier , " I should like all artists to sell their fingerprints , or else stage competitions to see who can draw the longest line or sell their shit in tins .
The fingerprint is the only sign of the personality that can be accepted : if collectors want something intimate , really personal to the artist , there ’s the artist ’s own shit , that is really his . "
In 1960 , as Manzoni himself reports , he " consecrated a number of hard - boiled eggs to art by placing my thumb print on them : the public was able to make contact with these works by swallowing the entire exhibition in 70 minutes . "
The eating of relics has a distinguished history , traceable back via the Eucharist to the example of Hugh of Lincoln , who devoured splinters of the arm of Mary Magdalene .
Manzoni also made balloons filled with his breath and planned before he died containers of artist ’s blood .
The shit in particular was forthcoming .
In 1961 Manzoni interred his own feces in some 90 small metal cans , which were then sealed , nominally preserving the artist ’s excrement for eternity .
Manzoni signed and numbered the lids of the cans and labeled them on the circumference : Artist ’s Shit , Contents 30 gr net , Freshly preserved , Produced and tinned in May 1961 .
He sold these literal relics of himself for the price of 30 grams of gold .
Manzoni ’s tins of shit are treated in the art - world as something enormously valuable and entirely magical , just as the body - parts of the saints were once treated by the Church .
The price of the tins keeps rising : in 2000 Tate bought one for £ 22,350 ; in 2007 one fetched £ 81,000 in Milan : already much more than the price of 30 grams of gold .
The Tate audio guide to the work speculates about what the tins really contain -- it ’s a mystery , apparently -- and concludes , " It ’s a tribute to the artist that he ’s done something that is still impenetrable by science . "
Of course , there is nothing in Manzoni ’s tins that is impenetrable by science , but we have to believe , or pretend to believe , that there is .
Impenetrable by science : it ’s what they say about the Turin Shroud .
* * * Manzoni died in 1963 , just as the church in Rome at the council known as Vatican II ( 1962 -65 ) was attempting to relegate the relic cult further .
Henceforth , a newly consecrated Catholic church would no longer require the relic of a saint in its altar .
In effect , the faith in relics shifted in the early 60s substantially from the church to art .
Manzoni died in 1963 , just as the church in Rome at the council known as Vatican II ( 1962 -65 ) was attempting to relegate the relic cult further .
Henceforth , a newly consecrated Catholic church would no longer require the relic of a saint in its altar .
In effect , the faith in relics shifted in the early 60s substantially from the church to art .
A manipulation of the idea of relics is apparent in the work of several artists who were contemporary with or came to prominence after Manzoni , notable among them Yves Klein , Joseph Beuys and Julian Schnabel .
Manzoni himself seems to have been an inspiration to the most famous member of the Britart movement , Damien Hirst .
Manzoni planned to enclose dead people in transparent blocks of plastic , a foreshadowing of Hirst ’s animals in formaldehyde ; and in 1960 he made a sphere that was held aloft on a jet of air : Hirst has made two works like this .
The cradle of the Britart movement was the new graduate art courses introduced at Goldsmiths College in London in the 1980s .
The education there differed from that in the traditional art school : theory and discourse took precedence over practical work ; regular artist - run seminars were the most important event .
The Goldsmiths students ’ most important teacher and influence was Irish - born conceptual artist Michael Craig - Martin , the son of devout Catholics and a former student at Yale University .
Craig - Martin ’s most famous work , entitled An Oak Tree ( 1973 ) , consists of a glass of water that the artist deems to be an oak tree .
It is accompanied by a short catechistic text in the form of a Q& A which makes it plain that this work is the translation of the sacrament of the Eucharist -- in other words , a translation of the relic - cult -- into the world of contemporary art :
What I ’ve done is to change a glass of water into a full - grown oak tree without altering the accidents of the glass of water .
( )
No , it ’s not a symbol ; I ’ve changed the physical substance of the glass of water into that of an oak tree .
( )
I did n’t change its appearance , but it ’s not a glass of water it ’s an oak tree . ( )
I have changed its actual substance .
It would no longer be accurate to call it a glass of water .
One could call it anything one wished but that would not alter the fact that it is an oak tree .
( )
There is no glass of water anymore .
( )
There is no process involved in the change .
( )
No , the actual oak tree is physically present in the form of the glass of water .
Regrettably , Craig - Martin does n’t go into the business of what becomes of the tree if you drink the glass of water .
This question had to be dealt with by the theorists of the Eucharist , who advised , for example , that you should n’t let bits of the holy wafer get stuck in your teeth .
After Craig - Martin , a steady stream of deliberate relics has been produced by young British artists ( yBas ) : in fact , the more plainly a relic , the better - known the work .
Among them are Marc Quinn ’s Self ( 1991 ) , a self - portrait frozen from his own blood ( Saatchi Collection ) ; Tracey Emin ’s My Bed ( 1998 ) ( Saatchi Collection ) ; and of course the most deliberate and resonant of them all , Damien Hirst ’s The Physical Impossibility of Death in the Mind of Someone Living , a Saatchi commission .
Hirst ’s title phrase is not easily parsed ( it may even be nonsensical ) but it suggests plainly that the shark is intended by the artist as a statement of some sort about life and death .
The shark is suspended -- effectively invisibly -- in liquid a shade of green that refers to its native habitat , the sea .
In other words , it might , to all visual intents and purposes , be alive and the containing tank merely a 3D freeze - frame of its passage through the ocean .
As the New York Times put it , after the shark was transported across the Atlantic to its new owner , it became " life and death incarnate . "
Hirst himself has n’t , as far as I know , said quite the same , but he does seem to want the shark in death to seem as lifelike as possible : after Saatchi replaced the rotting innards with fiberglass in 1993 ( subsequently in 2006 the whole shark was replaced with a fresh - caught fish ) ,
Hirst thought , " It did n’t look as frightening .
. . .
You could tell it was n’t real .
It had no weight . "
It ’s actually a significant point : this is not , pace Don Thompson , a " stuffed shark , " it is the body entire , perfectly preserved .
In its hypostasis as a preserved organism presented to the public not for scientific study purposes but for metaphysical contemplation , the shark is plainly a direct descendant of the relics ( and not merely " fish without chips , " as the Sun newspaper commonsensically -- Calvinistically -- objected ) .
Like the ancient relics , it references the miraculous resurrection of Christ ( rather than , as has been suggested , Hirst ’s patrons , business " sharks " such as Charles Saatchi ) is less plain , but it appears to be the case .
Christ was often symbolized in ancient Christian mysticism by a fish .
The Greek word for a fish , ICHTHUS ( ΙΧΘΥΣ ) , consisting of five letters , was an acrostic signifying Jesus Christ , God's Son , Savior ( Ἰησοῦ ς Χριστ ό ς , Θεοῦ ͑ Υι ό ς , Σωτήρ , Iēsous Christos , Theou Huios , Sōtēr ) : the ichthus symbol is found in first - century Roman catacombs .
But really one does n’t need to know these arcanae in order to grasp the significance of the shark .
One simply needs a sense of the shark ’s plight , and of one ’s own relationship to it , in the context of the Christian heritage .
The creature is displayed both dead and alive , magnificent and abject : it is " life and death incarnate . "
We , the public , are witness to its humiliation , pain , death and resurrection -- in iconographical terms , the Passion .
Another Goldsmiths pupil , Michael Landy , has consistently made work that suggests a commonality between art and ancient religious practice .
In 2001 , for example , he explored the artist ’s status as modern - day holy man when he staged Break Down in a shop in Oxford Street in London : a demonstrative exhibition in which , in the spirit of a first - millennium ascetic or Franciscan monk , he destroyed all his possessions .
This year , at the South London Gallery , he addressed the rubbish - or relic - status of art in a work called Art Bin .
Many members of the public , and several of Landy ’s celebrated colleagues such as Hirst and the painter Gary Hume , handed over works to be thrown into a room - sized container and , at the end of the show , destroyed .
How are we to understand this action ?
The application form for those wishing to dispose of some art states that " Art Bin exists to promote art and not to denigrate it . "
But the ambivalence of the project is undeniable .
The syntagma Art Bin is a direct descendent of the brutal epithet used by John Calvin in 1543 in his attack on relics , " precious rubbish . "
At the the core of Landy ’s work , scarcely veiled by the layers of self - reflexiveness and irony , is the suggestion that our contemporary art is quite simply akin to relics , and as such teeters forever on the edge of the garbage disposal .
MATTHEW BOWN is an English art dealer with a gallery in Berlin and an office in Moscow .
Share | Print Article
A court in Milan has convicted three Google Italy executives over an Internet video showing a handicapped teenager being bullied AFP reports .
The video , uploaded on Google Video , where it remained for nearly two months in late 2006 , showed four students bullying the teenager with Down ’s syndrome in front of more than a dozen others who did not intervene .
The bullies were suspended from their school in Turin , northern Italy , and Google Italy did eventually take down the video nearly two months later but not before the video caused a national outrage .
Due to their delay in action , Milan Judge Oscar Magi ruled that David Drummond , Google ’s senior vice president of corporate development , and Peter Fleischer , global privacy counsel , as well as George Reyes , a former chief financial officer , were guilty of the privacy violation charge .
The three men were cleared of a defamation charge ..
“ Google will appeal this astonishing decision ” , Google spokesman Bill Echikson said in a statement , adding that the sentence “ attacks the principle of freedom of expression ” .
“ None of these four people had anything to do with the video .
They did n’t film it , they did n’t upload it , they did n’t review it .
Nonetheless they were held criminally responsible , ” Echickson told reporters
“ If we are responsible for each vetting , each photo , each video , each posting … then the web as we know it will cease to exist … and the technical benefits will disappear , ” Echikson said .
Read next : Sellaband now claims a possible acquisition , who 's kidding who ?
The former first lady Laura Bush has opened a diplomatic can of worms by writing in her new book that she and her husband may have been poisoned during a state visit to a G8 summit in Germany in 2007 .
The passage of Spoken From the Heart in which she discusses the incident amounts to the first time that the idea has been floated that George Bush 's illness at the summit may have been the result of poisoning .
The then US president succumbed to a stomach complaint , as did his wife and several members of their entourage , during a three - day meeting of world leaders in Heiligendamm .
The book is to be published early next month but a sneak preview of it was gained by the New York Times .
On Thursday 7 June 2008 the Bushes attended an official dinner at the summit along with other leaders of the industrialised countries that form the G8 .
The meeting at the Baltic Sea resort focused on the fight against Aids , malaria and other diseases affecting poor countries around the world .
The following morning the US president was reported sick and had to skip a couple of working sessions .
Bush 's adviser Dan Bartlett told reporters at the time that he was " very much under the weather " , though his condition was " not serious " .
" I 'm not sure if it 's a stomach virus yet or something like that , but he 's just not feeling well in the stomach . "
Nicolas Sarkozy , the newly elected president of France , said at the time that " Bush is slightly indisposed this morning and will rejoin the working meeting as soon as he can . "
The US leader recovered sufficiently to be able to keep his appointment with Sarkozy , their first one - to - one meeting , later that day .
According to the New York Times , Laura Bush says that when the American delegation fell sick , the US secret service was called in to investigate but doctors put it down to a virus .
" We never learned if any other delegations became ill , or if ours , mysteriously , was the only one , " she writes .
There is no readily available record of what was served to the Bushes that Thursday night or who had access to the food .
It is normal for the US secret service as a precaution against poisoning to prepare all meals for presidents travelling abroad , which adds to the mystery surrounding this visit .
In a memoir that appears to offer its share of revelations , Laura Bush also steps into an area of tragedy in her past which she has almost entirely avoided addressing publicly until now .
On 6 November 1963 , when she was 17 , she was involved in a car crash in which her high - school friend Mike Douglas was killed .
The incident , in her home town of Midland , west Texas , was only reported for the first time in March 2000 , when her and her husband were on the campaign trail during the presidential election that would see him enter the White House .
She confirmed then that she had been driving the car that killed Douglas , and only spoke of the crash on one other occasion , telling the talkshow host Oprah Winfrey that she saw it as " a sign of the preciousness of life and how fleeting it can be . "
In Spoken From the Heart Bush gives a much fuller and personal account of what happened .
She , then Laura Welch , was driving her and a friend to a drive - in cinema in her father 's car .
They crossed over a stop sign and hit Douglas on the side of his vehicle , though he had had right of way .
" The whole time I was praying that the person in the other car was alive , " writes Bush .
" In my mind , I was calling ' Please , God . Please , God. Please , God , ' over and over and over again . "
According to the Times , Bush relates the intense feeling of guilt that she felt for years afterwards , particularly for failing to go to the boy 's funeral which she said was at her parents ' instigation .
Instead , she slept through the ceremony .
Bush also says that the accident led to a prolonged period of deep spiritual doubt .
" I lost my faith that November , lost it for many , many years .
It was the first time that I had prayed to God for something , begged him for something …
And it was as if no one heard .
My begging , to my 17 - year - old mind , had made no difference .
The only answer was the sound of Mrs Douglas 's sobs on the other side of that thin emergency room curtain . "
The introspection induced by the tragedy may explain why Bush led such a low - key life through her twenties .
She was working as a school librarian , aged 30 , when she first met George Bush .
" Most of how I ultimately coped with the crash was by trying not to talk about it , not to think about it , to put it aside .
Because there was n't anything I could do .
Even if I tried , " she writes .
Her publishers , Simon & Schuster , say that the book also discusses her husband 's struggle with alcohol and his decision to give up drinking .
First impressions are everything .
How many times have you heard that saying throughout the course of your life ?
Whether it ’s referring to social or professional scenarios , you usually want to make sure that this crucial lasting impression is a good one .
This principle not only holds true to in - person encounters MORE …
The administration ’s flirtation with the ideas follows the arrest last week of Faisal Shahzad , the suspect in the failed attempt to detonate a car bomb in Times Square .
Federal interrogators questioned Mr. Shahzad for several hours before warning him that he had right to remain silent and consult a lawyer , citing an exception to the Miranda rule for immediate threats to public safety .
Image Anthony Romero , of the A.C.L.U. , opposes the plan .
Credit ... Jonathan Ernst / Reuters
Officials have said that Mr. Shahzad waived those rights , as well as his right to a quick initial hearing before a judge , and has continued cooperating with interrogators .
But , worried that suspects in future cases may not do likewise , or that law enforcement officials will be confused about the rules , the administration has decided to push for changes .
There is a federal rule of criminal procedure that requires law enforcement officials to take a prisoner to a judge for an initial hearing “ without unnecessary delay . ”
But specialists in criminal law said it would be a fairly simple matter for Congress to pass a statute exempting terrorism cases .
But they said it would be trickier to get around a Supreme Court precedent that governs when people must get initial hearings before a judge in cases in which the police have arrested someone without a warrant .
The court has ruled that such prisoners must generally get a hearing within 48 hours to ensure there is probable cause to believe they committed a crime .
Congress has no authority to override the Supreme Court ’s constitutional rulings .
But several legal specialists said the court might be more willing to approve modifications if lawmakers and the executive branch agreed that the changes were necessary in the fight against terrorism .
One idea , Mr. Wittes said , would be for prosecutors to ask a judge for permission to continue holding a terrorism suspect who had been arrested without bringing the prisoner to the courtroom .
As a safeguard , he said , Congress could require a high - level Justice Department official to certify that delaying the suspect ’s initial appearance in court was necessary for national - security reasons .
The Obama administration ’s consideration of the proposal comes against the backdrop of Republican attacks for its decision to handle some terrorism cases in the criminal justice system instead of declaring the suspects to be “ enemy combatants ” and holding them in military detention .
Police say an 18 - year - old Newcastle man who fell to his death while apparently train surfing is the son of a former National Basketball League ( NBL ) player .
The body of Griffin Hays was found near a freight line at Mayfield in the New South Wales Hunter Valley yesterday morning .
Police believe he lost his footing while trying to get off a rail wagon , after surfing the train .
Griffin Hays ' father , Butch was a star player for the former NBL club , the Newcastle Falcons , in the 1990s .
In recent years he played and coached the Maitland Mustangs in the Australian Basketball League .
Griffin Hays and his sister Roberta have also played for Maitland and the club 's general manager , Leon Bendeich , says the family will be given plenty of support .
He says the death is a tragedy .
" Butch and Griffin and Roberta were all very well known within our club and admired , respected and liked and happy people and good company to be with and it's just pretty much rocked us to our socks , " he said .
" Being a team sport you generate lots of friends and associates during the course of your career and those that you can fall back on in times like this and Butch , Roberta will be comforted through this by any number of friends and associates within the club . "
Police are liaising with the Australian Rail Track Corporation as well as other rail stakeholders involved .
A report is being prepared for the coroner .
Atomic Games ' controversial shooter Six Days in Fallujah is ready to roll out .
A source close to the game 's development confirmed to IGN this morning the title is still planned for release , though no expected release date or publisher was named .
" I can promise you that game is still coming out and it is finished , " the source said .
Six Days in Fallujah got off to a rocky start last April when then publisher Konami dropped the title just weeks after revealing it to the press .
Our source said Konami was " too scared " to publish the title after the negative reaction the title garnered .
In August , Atomic Games suffered layoffs due to the studio's inability to secure a funded publishing deal .
While the total reduced headcount was never confirmed , reports at the time suggested nearly 80 percent of the staff was let go with only a skeleton crew remaining .
The fate of the studio was very much left up in the air , but this news seems to indicate Atomic Games is still open in some capacity .
We 'll keep you updated if we hear anything else .
Monday night 's arrest of Faisal Shahzad , a 30 - year - old Pakistani - American accused of planting a car bomb in Times Square on Saturday , will undoubtedly stoke the usual debate about how best to keep America safe in the age of Islamic terrorism .
But this should not deflect us from another , equally pressing , question .
Why do Pakistan and the Pakistani diaspora churn out such a high proportion of the world 's terrorists ?
Indonesia has more Muslims than Pakistan .
Turkey is geographically closer to the troubles of the Middle East ....
About The Author Jessica Bordeau is a soon - graduated student whose primary interests are Photography and Media .
More about Jessica Bordeau …
Writing Systems And Calligraphy Of The World
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
The beauty of typography has no borders .
While most of us work with the familiar Latin alphabet , international projects usually require quite extensive knowledge about less familiar writing systems from around the world .
The aesthetics and structure of such designs can be strongly related to the shape and legibility of the letterforms , so learning about international writing systems will certainly help you create more attractive and engaging Web designs Pick any language you like : Arabic , Chinese , Japanese , maybe Nepali ?
Each is based on a different writing system , which makes it interesting to figure out how they work .
Today , we ’ll cover five categories of writing systems .
This may sound tedious and academic , but it ’s not .
If you take the time to understand them , you ’ll find that they all give us something special .
We ’ve tried to present at least one special feature of each language from which you can draw inspiration and apply to your own typography work .
We ’ll cover : East Asian writing systems Arabic and Indic scripts ( Brahmic ) .
If you are interested , we will cover Cyrillic , Hebrew and other writing systems in the next post .
The beauty of typography has no borders .
While most of us work with the familiar Latin alphabet , international projects usually require quite extensive knowledge about less familiar writing systems from around the world .
The aesthetics and structure of such designs can be strongly related to the shape and legibility of the letterforms , so learning about international writing systems will certainly help you create more attractive and engaging Web designs .
Pick any language you like : Arabic , Chinese , Japanese , maybe Nepali ?
Each is based on a different writing system , which makes it interesting to figure out how they work .
Today , we ’ll cover five categories of writing systems .
This may sound tedious and academic , but it ’s not .
If you take the time to understand them , you ’ll find that they all give us something special .
We ’ve tried to present at least one special feature of each language from which you can draw inspiration and apply to your own typography work .
We ’ll cover : East Asian writing systems , Arabic and Indic scripts ( Brahmic ) .
You may also want to check out the following Smashing Magazine articles :
We will cover Cyrillic , Hebrew and other writing systems in the second part of this post .
East Asian Writing Systems
Obviously , the Chinese uses Chinese characters ( where they are known as hanzi ) .
But Chinese characters are also used in various forms in Japanese ( where they are known as kanji ) and Korean ( hanja ) .
In this section , we will look at four East Asian writing systems : Chinese , Japanese , Korean and Vietnamese .
Chinese Characters
Chinese characters are symbols that do not comprise an alphabet .
This writing system , in which each character generally represents either a complete one - syllable word or a single - syllable part of a word , is called logo - syllabic .
This also means that each character has its own pronunciation , and there is no way to guess it .
Add to this the fact that being literate in Chinese requires memorizing about 4,000 characters and you ’ve got quite a language to learn .
Fortunately for us , we do n’t need to learn Chinese in order to appreciate the beauty of its writing .
Because many commonly used Chinese characters have 10 to 30 strokes , certain stroke orders have been recommended to ensure speed , accuracy and legibility in composition .
So , when learning a character , one has to learn the order in which it is written , and the sequence has general rules , such as : top to bottom , left to right , horizontal before vertical , middle before sides , left - falling before right - falling , outside before inside , inside before enclosing strokes .
The Eight Principles of Yong
The strokes in Chinese characters fall into eight main categories : horizontal ( 一 ) , vertical ( 丨 ) , left - falling ( 丿 ) , right - falling ( 丶 ) , rising , dot ( 、 ) , hook ( 亅 ) and turning ( 乛 , 乚 , 乙 , etc . ) .
The “ Eight Principles of Yong ” outlines how to write these strokes , which are common in Chinese characters and can all be found in the character for “ yǒng ” ( 永 , which translates as “ forever ” or “ permanence ” ) .
It was believed that practicing these principles frequently as a budding calligrapher would ensure beauty in one ’s writing .
Four Treasures of the Study
“ Four treasures of the study ” is an expression that refers to the brush , ink , paper and ink stone used in Chinese and other East Asian calligraphic traditions .
The head of the brush can be made of the hair ( or feather ) of a variety of animals , including wolf , rabbit , deer , chicken , duck , goat , pig and tiger .
The Chinese and Japanese also have a tradition of making a brush from the hair of a newborn , as a once - in - a - lifetime souvenir for the child .
Seal and Seal Paste
The artist usually completes their work of calligraphy by adding their seal at the very end , in red ink .
The seal serves as a signature and is usually done in an old style .
Horizontal and Vertical Writing
Many East Asian scripts ( such as Chinese , Japanese and Korean ) can be written horizontally or vertically , because they consist mainly of disconnected syllabic units , each conforming to an imaginary square frame .
Traditionally , Chinese is written in vertical columns from top to bottom ; the first column on the right side of the page , and the text starting on the left .
In modern times , using a Western layout of horizontal rows running from left to right and being read from top to bottom has become more popular .
Signs are particularly challenging for written Chinese , because they can be written either left to right or right to left ( the latter being more of a traditional layout , with each “ column ” being one character high ) , as well as top to bottom .
Different Styles
In Chinese calligraphy , Chinese characters can be written in five major styles .
These styles are intrinsic to the history of Chinese script .
Seal script is the oldest style and continues to be widely practiced , although most people today cannot read it .
It is considered an ancient script , generally not used outside of calligraphy or carved seals , hence the name .
In clerical script , characters are generally “ flat ” in appearance .
They are wider than the seal script and the modern standard script , both of which tend to be taller than wider .
Some versions of clerical are square , and others are wider .
Compared to seal script , forms are strikingly rectilinear ; but some curvature and influence from seal script remains .
The semi-cursive script approximates normal handwriting , in which strokes and ( more rarely ) characters are allowed to run into one another .
In writing in the semi-cursive script , the brush leaves the paper less often than with the regular script .
Characters appear less angular and rounder .
The characters are also bolder .
The cursive script is a fully cursive script , with drastic simplifications and ligatures , requiring specialized knowledge to be read .
Entire characters may be written without lifting the brush from the paper at all , and characters frequently flow into one another .
Strokes are modified or eliminated completely to facilitate smooth writing and create a beautiful abstract appearance .
Characters are highly rounded and soft in appearance , with a noticeable lack of angular lines .
The regular script is one of the last major calligraphic styles to develop from a neatly written early - period semi-cursive form of clerical script .
As the name suggests , this script is “ regular , ” with each stroke written slowly and carefully , the brush being lifted from the paper and all strokes distinct from each other .
Japanese
A rather different writing system is Japanese , which is syllabic , meaning that each symbol represents ( or approximates ) a syllable , combining to form words .
No full - fledged script for written Japanese existed until the development of Man’yōgana ( 万葉仮名 ) , an ancient writing system that employs Chinese characters to represent the Japanese language .
The Japanese appropriated Kanji ( derived from their Chinese readings ) for their phonetic value rather than semantic value .
The modern kana systems , Hiragana and Katakana , are simplifications and systemizations of Man’yōgana .
Thus , the modern Japanese writing system uses three main scripts : Kanji , which is used for nouns and stems of adjectives and verbs ; Hiragana , which is used for native Japanese words and written in the highly cursive flowing sōsho style ; and Katakana , which is used for foreign borrowings and was developed by Buddhist monks as a shorthand .
In Japan , cursive script has traditionally been considered suitable for women and was called women ’s script ( 女手 or onnade ) , while clerical style has been considered suitable for men and was called men ’s script ( 男手 or otokode ) .
The three scripts are often mixed single sentences .
As we can see , the modern kana systems are simplifications of Man’yōgana .
It is interesting to see how they have been simplified .
Development of hiragana from man ’yōgana .
Katakana , with man ’yōgana equivalents .
( The segments of man ’yōgana adapted into katakana are highlighted . )
Korean Squares
Korean is itself a very different writing system .
It uses Hangul , a “ featural ” writing system .
The shapes of the letters are not arbitrary but encode phonological features of the phonemes they represent .
Hangul has existed since the middle of the 15th century ( approximately 1440 ) .
But tradition prevailed , and scholars continued to use Classical Chinese as the literary language , and it was not until 1945 that Hangul became popular in Korea .
Jamo ( 자모 ; 字母 ) , or natsori ( 낱소리 ) , are the units that make up the Hangul alphabet .
“ Ja ” means letter or character , and “ mo ” means mother , suggesting that the jamo are the building blocks of the script .
When writing out words , signs are grouped by syllables into squares .
The layout of signs inside the square depends greatly on the syllable structure as well as which vowels are used .
initial medial initial medial initial med . 2 med . 1
initial medial final initial medial final initial med .
2 med . final
initial medial final 1 final 2 initial medial final 1 final 2 initial med .
2 med .
We wo n’t get into the detailed rules , but here is an example for inspiration :
Vietnamese Rotation
The Vietnamese writing system in use today ( called Chữ Quốc Ngữ ) is adapted from the Latin alphabet , with some digraphs ( i.e. pairs of characters used to write individual phonemes ) and nine additional diacritics ( accent marks ) for tones and certain letters .
Over the course of several centuries — from 1527 , when Portuguese Christian missionaries began using the Latin alphabet to transcribe the Vietnamese language , to the early 20th century , when the French colonial administration made the Latin - based alphabet official — the Chinese character - based writing systems for Vietnamese gradually became limited to a small number of scholars and specialists .
However , the Chinese philosophy still exerts a strong influence .
The stylized work above is by painter Tran Dat , who introduced a harmony between the shapes of Chinese and Vietnamese characters .
If you rotate the first image 90 degrees counter - clockwise , you can make out the Vietnamese words .
It is meant to be displayed vertically so that it appears as ancient Chinese text at first .
Arabic
Here we ’ll explore the beauty of Arabic , which has many styles and techniques .
The Arabic alphabet was developed from the Nabataean script ( which was itself derived from the Aramaic script ) and contains a total of 28 letter .
These 28 letters come from 18 basics shapes , to which one , two or three dots are added , above or below the letter .
Arabic uses a writing system that we have n’t seen yet : an abjad , which is basically an alphabet that does n’t have any vowels — the reader must supply them .
Contextual Shaping
The shape of these letters changes depending on their position in the word ( isolated , initial , medial or final ) .
Here , for example , is the letter kaaf :
Diacritics
The Arabic script is an impure abjad , though .
Short consonants and long vowels are represented by letters , but short vowels and long consonants are not generally indicated in writing .
The script includes numerous diacritics , which serve to point out consonants in modern Arabic .
These are nice and worth taking a look at .
Alif as a Unit of Proportion
Geometric principles and rules of proportion play an essential role in Arabic calligraphy .
They govern the first letter of the alphabet , the alif , which is basically a straight vertical stroke .
The height of the alif varies from 3 to 12 dots , depending on the calligrapher and style of script .
varies from 3 to 12 dots , depending on the calligrapher and style of script .
The width of the alif ( the dot ) is a square impression formed by pressing the tip of the reed pen to paper .
Its appearance depends on how the pen was cut and the pressure exerted by the fingers .
( the dot ) is a square impression formed by pressing the tip of the reed pen to paper .
Its appearance depends on how the pen was cut and the pressure exerted by the fingers .
The imaginary circle , which uses alif as its diameter , is a circle within which all Arabic letters could fit .
Different Styles
Arabic script has many different styles — over 100 in fact .
But there are six primary styles , which can generally be distinguished as being either geometric ( basically Kufic and its variations ) and cursive ( Naskh , Ruq’ah , Thuluth , etc. ) .
Kufi ( or Kufic ) is noted for its proportional measurements , angularity and squareness .
Tuluth means “ one third , ” referring to the proportion of the pen relative to an earlier style called Tumaar .
It is notable for its cursive letters and use as an ornamental script .
Nasakh , meaning “ copy , ” is one of the earliest scripts with a comprehensive system of proportion .
It is notable for its clarity for reading and writing and was used to copy the Qur’an .
Ta’liq means “ hanging , ” in reference to the shape of the letters .
It is a cursive script developed by the Persians in the early part of the 9th century AD .
It is also called Farsi ( or Persian ) .
Diwani was developed by the Ottomans from the Ta’liq style .
This style became a favorite script in the Ottoman chancellery , and its name is derived from the word “ Diwan , ” which means “ royal court . ”
Diwani is distinguished by the complexity of lines within letters and the close juxtaposition of letters within words .
Riq ’a is a style that evolved from Nasakh and Thuluth .
It is notable for the simplicity and small movements that are required to write in it , thanks to its short horizontal stems , which is why it is the most common script for everyday use .
It is considered a step up from the Nasakh script , which children are taught first .
In later grades , students are introduced to Riq’a .
Teardrop - Shaped Composition
Here is an animation showing the composition of the Al Jazeera logo :
Bi-Directionnality
When left - to - right text is mixed with right - to - left in the same paragraph , each text should be written in its own direction , known as “ bi-directional text . ”
Material Used
In case you want to try , you ’ll want to know what material to use .
There is a lot of typical tools , such as brush pens , scissors , a knife to cut the pens and an ink pot .
But the traditional instrument of the Arabic calligrapher is the qalam , a pen made of dried reed or bamboo .
“ The traditional way to hold the pen , ” wrote Safadi in 1987 , “ is with middle finger , forefinger and thumb well spaced out along the [ pen ’s ] shaft .
Only the lightest possible pressure is applied . ”
As for the ink , you have many options : black and brown ( often used because their intensity and consistency can be varied greatly ) as well as yellow , red , blue , white , silver and gold .
The important thing is that the greater strokes of the composition be very dynamic in their effect .
A Few Techniques
The development of Arabic calligraphy led to several decorative styles that were intended to accommodate special needs or tastes and to please or impress others .
Here are a few outstanding techniques and scripts .
Gulzar is defined by Safadi ( 1979 ) in Islamic calligraphy as the technique of filling the area within the outlines of relatively large letters with various ornamental devices , including floral designs , geometric patterns , hunting scenes , portraits , small script and other motifs .
Gulzar is often used in composite calligraphy , where it is also surrounded by decorative units and calligraphic panels .
Maraya or muthanna is the technique of mirror writing , where the composition on the left reflects the composition on the right .
Tughra is a unique calligraphic device that is used as a royal seal .
The nishanghi or tughrakesh is the only scribe trained to write tughra .
The emblems became quite ornate and were particularly favored by Ottoman officialdom .
In zoomorphic calligraphy , the words are manipulated into the shape of a human figure , bird , animal or object .
Sini
Sini is a Chinese Islamic calligraphic form for the Arabic script .
It can refer to any type of Chinese Islamic calligraphy but is commonly used to refer to one with thick tapered effects , much like Chinese calligraphy .
It is used extensively in eastern China , one of whose famous Sini calligraphers is Hajji Noor Deen .
Perso - Arabic Script : Nasta’liq Script
The predominant style in Persian calligraphy has traditionally been the Nasta’liq script .
Although it is sometimes used to write Arabic - language text ( where it is known as Ta’li , with Farsi used mainly for titles and headings ) , it has always been more popular in Persian , Turkic , and South Asian spheres .
It is extensively practiced as a form of art in Iran , Pakistan and Afghanistan .
Nasta’liq means “ suspended , ” which is a good way to describe the way each letter in a word is suspended from the previous one ( i.e. lower , rather than on the same level ) .
The Perso - Arabic script is exclusively cursive .
That is , the majority of letters in a word connect to each other .
This feature is also included on computers .
Unconnected letters are not widely accepted .
In Perso - Arabic , as in Arabic , words are written from right to left , while numbers are written from left to right .
To represent non-Arabic sounds , new letters were created by adding dots , lines and other shapes to existing letters .
Indic Scripts ( Brahmic )
The Indic or Brahmic scripts are the most extensive family of writing systems that we have n’t looked at yet : abugidas .
An abugidas is a segmental writing system which is based on consonants and in which vowel notation is obligatory but secondary .
This contrasts with an alphabet proper ( in which vowels have a status equal to that of consonants ) and with an abjad ( in which vowel marking is absent or optional ) .
Indic scripts are used throughout South Asia , Southeast Asia and parts of Central and East Asia ( e.g. Hindi , Sanskrit , Konkani , Marathi , Nepali , Sindhi and Sherpa ) .
They are so widespread that they vary a lot , but Devanagari is the most important one .
Devanagari Ligatures and Matra
Hindi and Nepali are both written in the Devanāgarī ( देवनागरी ) alphabet .
Devanagari is a compound word with two roots : deva , meaning “ deity , ” and nagari , meaning “ city . ”
Together , they imply a script that is both religious and urban or sophisticated .
To represent sounds that are foreign to Indic phonology , additional letters have been coined by choosing an existing Devanagari letter that represents a similar sound and adding a dot ( called a nukta ) beneath it .
It is written from left to right , lacks distinct letter cases and is recognizable by a distinctive horizontal line running along the tops of the letters and linking them together .
In addition , a few other diacritics are used at the end of words , such as the dots illustrated below and the diagonal line , called virama , drawn under the last letter of a word if it is a consonant .
One interesting aspect of Brahmic and in particular of Devanagari here is the horizontal line used for successive consonants that lack a vowel between them .
They may physically join together as a “ conjunct , ” or ligature , a process called samyoga ( meaning “ yoked together ” in Sanskrit ) .
Sometimes , the individual letters can still be discerned , while at other times the conjunction creates new shapes .
Here is a close - up of a nice ligature , the ddhrya ligature :
A letter in Devanagari has the default vowel of /a/.
To indicate the same consonant followed by another vowel , additional strokes are added to the consonant letter .
These strokes are called matras , or dependant forms of the vowel .
Thai Stacking Diactritics
The writing system of Thai is based on Pali , Sanskrit and Indian concepts , and many Mon and Khmer words have entered the language .
To represent a vowel other than the inherent one , extra strokes or marks are added around the basic letter .
Thai has its own system of diacritics derived from Indian numerals , which denote different tones .
Interestingly , like many non-Roman scripts , it has stacking diacritics .
Tibetan Mantras
Image credit
The form of Tibetan letters is based on an Indic alphabet of the mid-7th century .
The orthography has not altered since the most important orthographic standardization , which took place during the early 9th century .
The spoken language continues to change .
As a result , in all modern Tibetan dialects , there is a great divergence of reading from the spelling .
The Tibetan script has 30 consonants , otherwise known as radicals .
Syllables are separated by a tseg ་ , and because many Tibetan words are monosyllabic , this mark often functions almost as a space .
As in other parts of East Asia , nobles , high lamas and persons of high rank were expected to have strong abilities in calligraphy .
But the Tibetan script was done using a reed pen instead of a brush .
As for a mantra , it is a sound , syllable , word or group of words that is considered capable of “ creating transformation . ”
The use of mantras is widespread throughout spiritual movements that are based on or off - shoots of practices from earlier Eastern traditions and religions .
The mantras used in Tibetan Buddhist practice are in Sanskrit , to preserve the original mantras .
Visualizations and other practices are usually done in the Tibetan language .
Vajrasattva mantra in Tibetan .
Summary
So what should you take away from this article ?
We have seen that Arabic and Chinese calligraphy have many different scripts variations .
From geometric to cursive to regular script , there is no such thing as one calligraphic style for a language .
Sometimes there is even no such thing as one script per language .
This is why Japanese is interesting : it is written in three different scripts that mix nicely .
The construction of the Korean language is also fascinating : characters are grouped into squares that create syllables .
Writing systems are ultimately diverse in construction , which makes them so interesting .
Many languages also have various components that can be used in our typography .
Arabic and Thai , among many others , have a large system of diacritics .
Arabic has a decorative aspect .
Ligatures are directly related to our Latin alphabet but can be quite elaborated in such scripts as Devanagari .
You could do a lot to spice up your own designs .
Did you catch the red Chinese seal , which contrasts with the usual black ink .
Have you thought of rotating your fonts to give them a whole new look , as Vietnamese calligraphers do ?
What about the Arabic teardrop - shaped writing ?
If you missed all of this , you have no choice but to scroll back up and take a closer look .
Bonus : How to Integrate These Languages on a Website ?
Working with foreign languages in international design projects can get a bit tricky .
Obviously , studying the specifics of the language that you are supposed to work with will help you better anticipate user ’s needs and avoid embarassing problems or misunderstandings .
Tilt.its.psu.edu presents general guidelines for integration of various international languages in websites .
Licensing
This page is based on the copyrighted Wikipedia articles ( ” Hindi ” , ” Chinese Script Styles ” , “ Four Treasures of the Study ” , “ Hangul ” ) ; it is used under the Creative Commons Attribution - ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License ( CC - BY - SA ) .
You may redistribute it , verbatim or modified , providing that you comply with the terms of the CC - BY - SA .
HAMPTON , Va. —
For the first time as president , Barack Obama on Sunday delivered a commencement address to a historically black college , Hampton University , telling graduates that they have “ a separate responsibility ” to become mentors to other young African - Americans to help close a persistent gap in educational achievement .
Mr. Obama , clad in a “ Hampton blue ” robe , said the 1,072 graduates were better poised to enter an economy still recovering from recession and facing global competition than Americans without a college degree , who have an unemployment rate twice as high as those with one .
“ I do n’t have to tell you that too many folks back home are n’t as well prepared , ” he said .
“ By any number of different yardsticks , African - Americans are being outperformed by their white classmates , as are Hispanic - Americans .
Students in well - off areas are outperforming students in poorer rural or urban communities , no matter what skin color .
Globally , it ’s not even close . ”
Image President Obama delivered remarks at a commencement ceremony at Hampton University in Hampton , Va. , on Sunday .
Credit ... Luke Sharrett / The New York Times
Mr. Obama said all Americans have a responsibility “ to change this , to offer every single child in this country an education that will make them competitive in our knowledge economy . ”
But , he told the graduates , “ all of you have a separate responsibility — to be role models for your brothers and sisters , to be mentors in your communities and , when the time comes , to pass that sense of an education ’s value down to your children . ”
Arizona 's immigration law drew more international headlines Wednesday when an electric - utility regulator responded to Los Angeles ' boycott efforts by suggesting it stop using power from Arizona .
Read Pierce 's letter to Los Angeles mayor on boycott
The response , which Los Angeles considered a threat to its power supply , was picked up by television stations , newspapers , online versions of magazines and a variety of pundits , who painted vivid pictures of a metropolitan city in the dark after having the plug pulled from its power source .
Arizona provides about a quarter of the Southern California city 's power .
" If an economic boycott is truly what you desire , I will be happy to encourage Arizona utilities to renegotiate your power agreements so Los Angeles no longer receives any power from Arizona - based generation , " Arizona Corporation Commissioner Gary Pierce said in a Tuesday letter to Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa .
Pierce , who has no authority to cut off the city 's electricity , said that he did not intend his letter as a literal threat but that he wrote it to illustrate the close ties between Los Angeles and Arizona and the trouble that a boycott could cause in both places .
" A boycott is an unfriendly gesture , " he said Wednesday .
" Where do you expect that to go ? "
Los Angeles is among a number of cities and organizations that have called for boycotts of Arizona until the state repeals its new immigration law .
The law , which goes into effect July 29 , makes it a state crime to be in the country illegally .
It states that an officer engaged in a lawful stop , detention or arrest shall , when practicable , ask about a person 's legal status when reasonable suspicion exists that the person is in the U.S. illegally .
Pierce , who is running for re-election , said in his letter that if the Los Angeles City Council " lacks the strength of its convictions to turn off the lights in Los Angeles and boycott Arizona power , please reconsider the wisdom of attempting to harm Arizona 's economy . "
Cutting off power to Los Angeles would be no simple task .
Federal regulators oversee the power grid .
And there 's the matter of California utilities actually owning a share of some of the Arizona plants that provide the state power .
The Los Angeles Department of Water and Power , Southern California Edison and other California utilities have an ownership stake in the Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station west of Phoenix and in the Navajo Generating Station , a coal plant in northern Arizona .
Because most national media have no knowledge of the power plants ' ownership structure , and because Pierce 's letter did n't explain it , most media took the letter as a direct threat to black out the city .
" A quarter of America 's second - largest city could be plunged into darkness , " wrote the Daily Telegraph of London .
Bloggers , critics and experts quickly wondered where such a debate would lead next .
Fights over water supplies ?
Gasoline that Arizona imports from California ?
Shipping cargo at the Port of Los Angeles ?
Villaraigosa and Los Angeles officials took the letter as a threat .
" The mayor stands strongly behind the City Council on this issue and will not respond to threats from a state which has isolated itself from the America that values freedom , liberty and basic civil rights , " he said in a prepared statement .
Councilman Ed Reyes , who supported the Arizona boycott , said the letter was " hostile . "
Los Angeles Councilman Greig Smith was the only one to oppose the Arizona boycott .
" ( Pierce 's ) letter was wrong , but I understand what I think he 's trying to say is that this is n't going to accomplish anything , " Smith said .
" I congratulate him on his effort . "
But he said the letter is unlikely to change any minds in Los Angeles .
Corporation Commission Chairwoman Kris Mayes said that she is frustrated with the LA boycott but that Pierce 's letter does not reflect the stance of the commission .
" It would be pretty unfortunate , and equally ridiculous , if California were to counter - threaten to cut off our gas supplies , " Mayes said .
Pierce said he hopes the attention causes Los Angeles and other cities boycotting to back off their efforts once they realize the cities ' ties to Arizona .
" It 's almost like two communities in Arizona deciding to boycott each other , " he said .
" We 're awful close and interrelate so much , I just think it 's an impractical solution and not very well thought out ( by Los Angeles ) .
Really , guys , let 's cool it and move on . "
British singer - songwriter Elvis Costello has become one of the biggest names in music to join a cultural boycott of Israel by cancelling two planned concerts there at the end of next month .
Costello announced on his website that he was pulling out of two dates in Caesarea on 30 June and 1 July , saying : " Merely having your name added to a concert may be interpreted as a political act ... and it may be assumed that one has no mind for the suffering of the innocent . "
In a highly personal statement , Costello said he was conscious that many of those who would have come to hear him " question the policies of their government on settlement and deplore conditions that visit intimidation , humiliation or much worse on Palestinian civilians in the name of national security " .
At the same time he said – in what appeared to be an oblique reference to suicide and other attacks on Israeli civilians – that he was " keenly aware of the sensitivity of these themes in the wake of so many despicable acts of violence perpetrated in the name of liberation " .
But he added : " Sometimes a silence in music is better than adding to the static . "
Costello's decision follows an earlier concert cancellation this year by guitarist Carlos Santana but contrasts with those of Paul McCartney in 2008 and Leonard Cohen last year , both of whom played dates in Israel .
McCartney made a point of visiting the West Bank during his trip , while Cohen offered to play in Ramallah and donated the proceeds of his Tel Aviv gig to co-existence projects .
Independent
Belfast Telegraph
Chelsea is indebted solely to its owner , Roman Abramovich , whose trick was to outspend everyone while his fortune was at its height and to transfer the money the club owed him into shares he owns .
A new challenger , Manchester City , was owned first by the exiled former prime minister of Thailand and now by the ruling family of Abu Dhabi .
Manchester City ’s biggest match of the season is Wednesday , when it plays Tottenham Hotspur .
If Tottenham wins , it will finish fourth .
If City wins , it will probably finish fourth .
A fourth - place finish in England puts a club in the qualifying rounds of the Champions League .
That is the Holy Grail for City ’s new owners .
Everyone ’s future at the club depends on the outcome of Wednesday night ’s game .
If City wins , there is talk that it will pay whatever it takes to lure Fernando Torres from Liverpool .
He is injured , and has been for much of the season .
Torres is the most potent striker in England — some would say in the world — so his transfer value would be anything the buyer and seller deem it to be .
That could be as much as 80 million pounds , about $ 121.5 million .
Torres could command an annual salary of $ 15 million .
If Torres goes , Rafael Benítez , his fellow Spaniard , will probably go as well .
The manager at an English club is responsible not just for tactics and team selection , but also for buying and selling players .
Since Benítez arrived six years ago , he has made 48 major signings — spending more than $ 350 million — and sold 59 players , for about $ 220 million .
That deficit on player moves is exceeded by the interest payments on loans taken out by Tom Hicks and George Gillett , Liverpool ’s American and Canadian co-owners .
Introduction and Specifications
At the 2010 Consumer Electronics Show , back in early January of this year , we showcased a myriad of upcoming products in our coverage of the event and the announcements being made .
Of the literally thousands of items we saw at CES , however , we 'd consider only a handful of them to be truly stand - out products .
One of those geek - lust worthy products , at least in our opinion , was the slick Alienware M11x .
We gave you somewhat more than a glimpse of the M11x in our close - up look at the machine on display at Dell 's suite at the show , but we have since gotten one in house and have been able to put it through its paces on our home turf for a full evaluation .
Our video review of the Alienware M11 x utlra-portable gaming notebook follows here , along with an image gallery and a full run of benchmarks .
A full suite of benchmarks and more details are on the pages ahead ...
Alienware M11x Ultra-Portable Gaming Notebook Specifications and Features ( as tested )
Intel Core 2 Duo SU7300 @ 1.73GHz
4GB of DDR3 RAM ( 800MHz )
11.6 " LCD ( 1366x768 ) , LED Backlit
Intel GMA4500M HD ( IGP )
NVIDA GeForce GT 335M ( Discrete )
500GB ( 7200 RPM ) Seagate Hard Drive
802.11b/g/n Wi-Fi
No Optical Drive
1.3 megapixel webcam
VGA output
HDMI Output
DisplayPort Output
USB 2.0 x 3 Mini 1394a FireWire
RJ - 45 ( Ethernet 10/100 )
Headphone x 2 / Mic Input Jack
SD / MMC / SDHC Multimedia Card Reader
SIM Card Slot
Stereo Speakers
4.5 Pounds ( with battery )
Removable 8 - Cell Li-ion Battery
11.25 " x 9.19 " x 1.29 " ( Dimensions )
Windows 7 Home Premium ( 64 - bit )
1 - Year Standard Warranty
Price ( starting ) : $ 799.99
Price ( as tested ) : $ 1099.99
The Alienware M11x is a notebook with a bit of on identity crisis .
The machine 's form factor is that of an ultra-portable , but its features an internal components are comparable to a full - sized , mid-range gaming notebook .
The unit we tested was equipped with an Intel Core 2 Duo SU7300 processor overclocked to 1.73GHz , 4GB of DDR3 RAM , a 7200 RPM SATA II hard drive , and a hybrid graphics solution consisting of integrated an Intel GMA4500M HD ( IGP ) and an NVIDIA GeForce GT 335M ( Discrete ) .
While U.S. men and women put their lives at risk in Iraq , the MPAA has queried the military about the pirating habits of the soldiers stationed there .
A declassified document from United States Central Command confirms that the MPAA is fighting a war of its own in the Middle East , one against copyright infringing soldiers .
It is no secret that the MPAA is involved in an ongoing battle against copyright infringers in the United States .
Tens of thousands of copyright notices are sent out each year informing illegal file - sharers that they are breaking the law .
Less known are the movie industry ’s efforts to clamp down on copyright infringers who are defending their country ’s interests on foreign soil .
Because the availability of legal movies and TV - shows is limited in countries such as Iraq , soldiers sometimes use BitTorrent to get their fix , or buy pirated DVDs from local sellers .
The MPAA is not happy with these defiant soldiers .
A declassified document from the United States Central Command shows that , a few years ago , the MPAA asked the military what they do to prevent soldiers from accessing pirated DVDs in Iraq .
One of the questions posed by the MPAA is whether they have banned U.S. troops from going to stores that sell pirated DVDs .
The Central Command answered this question negatively , as it would hurt the business of Iraqi salesmen .
“ No …. banning our troops from visiting these shops would have the unwelcome secondary effect of harming Iraqi entrepreneurs selling legitimate goods . ”
They add that there is nothing they can do about DVDs that are being sold on Iraqi property because these stores fall under Iraqi law .
The declassified CENTCOM document ( full pdf )
The document does state , however , that selling pirated DVDs on US bases is not permitted .
It further says that piracy could be reduced by giving soldiers access to legal forms of entertainment .
“ U.S. forces have had a long - standing , positive relationship with the entertainment industry .
Working to continue this relationship , including the provision of popular entertainment like first - run movies , concerts and other events will help to curtail the demand for pirated media , ” it states .
Pirated DVDs are not the only worry for the MPAA as more recently military personnel have also been using BitTorrent to access U.S. entertainment on foreign bases .
A military insider told TorrentFreak that they see no other option than to ‘ pirate ’ , as the entertainment industry gives them little opportunity to enjoy digital media legally .
“ We have sent letters to the RIAA and the MPAA repeatedly letting them know that our downloads are a direct representation of their failure to allow us to be good consumers as others in the US can be , ” our military insider explained .
Instead of holding out a helping hand to deployed soldiers , the entertainment industries continue to treat them as criminals .
On a daily basis , the MPAA and RIAA send copyright notices to military personnel via their base ISPs .
In turn , the personnel are threatened with account suspension and in serious cases , disconnection .
At the same time Hollywood continues to exploit military conflicts with hit shows like The Pacific and Oscar - winning movies such as The Hurt Locker .
Ironically , The Hurt Locker centers around a friendship between a heroic soldier and a young Iraqi boy who sells pirated DVDs at a U.S. base .
A kindness G -d grants humans is that they slowly forget tragedy , and grief softens over time .
The tragedy of 9 - 11 must NOT be forgotten though , due to its magnitude , the continuing threat , and to honor the fallen .
Accordingly , Accordingly , we are placing this message link here , lest we forget .
Here is the message from Torahtots regarding the attack on the U.S.A. on Tuesday , September 11th , 2001 .
Patrick Krey
Tenth Amendment Center
Tuesday , February 16th , 2010
The recent Medina debacle on Glenn Beck ’s overrated show highlights the obvious hypocrisy of the Beltway Right - wing when it comes to conspiracy theories .
Conspiracy theories that question government action are shunned while ones that endorse all - out war are to be embraced and repeated .
I have one simple question though for anyone free - thinking enough not to immediately follow whatever the voice on the radio tells them .
What “ conspiracy theorists ” are more dangerous and deserve to be shunned by public opinion ?
The ones trumpeted by people like Alex Jones whose goal is to have the 9/11 attack investigations to be reopened ?
Or the ones feverishly hawked by the likes of Sarah Palin , Bill O’Reilly , Newt Gingrich , Sean Hannity and Rush Limbaugh that call for the American military to begin attacking Iran ?
The aforementioned talking heads of the mainstream conservative movement are the same voices who were mindless , unquestioning cheerleaders for Bush ’s tragic , costly and unconstitutional war with Iraq ( with the exception of Palin who was quiet on Iraq until shortly after McCain picked her for his running mate ) .
These people , who literally have blood on their hands , are now telling us that we should look with disgust on anyone who questions the official account of 9/11 ?
I do n’t know about you but I strongly believe the guy wearing a baseball cap that says “ inside job ” is n’t a threat to anyone .
On the other hand , the self - appointed leaders of the conservative movement , who have already gotten countless people killed and seriously maimed with their “ conspiracy theories ” while screeching for more war are the dangerous ones .
Patrick D. Krey , Esq. is a freelance writer who works in the corporate world and has an M.B.A. , J.D. ( law degree ) and an L.L.M. ( masters of law ) from the University of Buffalo .
Patrick is also a general practice Attorney admitted to the bar in New York State .
His writings focus on national issues and have been published online at JBS.org , PrisonPlanet.com , Antiwar.com , Infowars.com , The Tenth Amendment Center and in The New American bi-weekly print magazine .
He has also been featured on the online radio show The Constitutional Coalition .
This article was posted : Tuesday , February 16 , 2010 at 5:22 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
When this issue of The Economist went to press early on Friday morning , the only winners of the election so far were the Don't Knows .
In one of the gravest crises of its peacetime history , Britain appeared to have cast an indecisive vote for indecision .
It was impossible to say who would eventually receive the Queen 's commission , but it was already possible to urge what should and should not be done .
If Mr Wilson does have any sort of an overall majority at the end of the long count , then he will take up the task of government again , albeit in appallingly difficult circumstances .
Even if he should not have an overall majority , it will be better to have a Liberal - supported Labour government .
Britain would be rather badly governed by a minority Heath cabinet which was told by Liberals from the commanding depths of the Parliament that it should yield a little more to inflationary wage claims here , give a few more subsidies to particular vested interests there , unite ( as it is called ) the country by class - conscious and envy - ridden measures against the rich , and create a slump by heavy taxes designed to puncture business 's failing confidence at precisely the wrong moment .
Britain should be better governed by a minority Labour cabinet that would be told by centre - seeking Liberals to curb its own natural predilections to move in all these unfortunate directions .
A minority Wilson administration could also have on its side a trade union movement which felt some obligation to try to keep a weak government in office , instead of to make a last heave to get a weak Tory government out .
If it 's minority Labour rule
If the odd result of this mishandled election should be to bring in a minority Labour government , just after the polls have been showing Labour to command its lowest share of the popular vote for decades , then a great responsibility will fall of Labour 's critics in the business and financial establishments , and in the other two parties .
All should tone down their shrillness of opposition to Mr Harold Wilson in the next desperate few weeks , however much he sometimes annoys them .
They might have to be joining him in a National Government soon .
The people who could in these circumstances do most to save Britain , the people who might now have the historic opportunity and duty to come to the aid of the country and their own party , are the members of the Trades Union Congress .
The perils to be avoided are hyperinflation , a massive run from the pound and a collapse into very large unemployment .
These are miseries which would bear cruelly on every working man , and every trade union leader worthy of his membership really does now need to stand up and be counted .
Once a Labour government had settled the miners ' dispute — and Labour 's platform was that that would be settled in time to restart five day working next week — the TUC should agree to an incomes policy .
There can be several alternative forms , but the following might be one of the best for a new Labour government .
Keep in being the threshold agreements , so that workers ' real incomes are maintained , and agree that a certain sum ( say £ 1 billion ) is the maximum that can be allowed for centrally bargained wage increases in stage four until the autumn of 1975 .
Then ask the TUC to come into the conciliation and arbitration board that decides how this £ 1 billion is shared out .
In order to operate an incomes policy Mr Wilson would need a Labour Willie Whitelaw — ie , a very senior colleague — beside him as Employment Secretary .
Either he should bring a big trade union leader into the job ( but where is one to be found ? ) or else the best choice might be Mr Jim Callaghan .
Then the two normally top jobs of Chancellor and Foreign Secretary could be divided between Mr Roy Jenkins and Mr Denis Healey , and preferably in that order .
It is unlikely that Mr Wilson would make this choice .
He is usually committed to the principle of Buggins 's turn , and would probably feel he must allow Mr Healey the Exchequer because he has done the homework for the job .
Since the homework Mr Healey has been doing has been in preparation for a totally different situation , this is quite a risk .
The danger is that a wrong financial policy in the next few weeks may precipitate the country into a crisis .
The first fears are of a run from the pound which could send it below $ 2 , and with the fall gathering pace .
That would feed petrol on the fires of a cost inflation already running at around an annual 15 per cent .
Yet the forward prospect is for a deficiency of demand which is likely to send Britain under any government into heavy unemployment by 1975 , especially as businesses have been drained of first liquidity and then confidence by the miners ' strike , the ravages of the three - day week , and now by the country 's vote for indecision .
This is the worst example that we have had of the classical nineteenth - century point of trade cycle crunch .
Forty years ago the writing of Keynes and the experience of Roosevelt 's New Deal were supposed to have taught governments what to do in these circumstances .
The need is a budget which tries to restimulate growth , but one which must not be so reflationary that it shocks the conservative susceptibilities of foreign gnomes and domestic businessmen .
The danger is that Mr Healey might think that the way to restore confidence at such a moment is to introduce a deflationary budget ; and he might say that , as this would be economically very brave , he must be allowed to make this budget of heavy tax increases more pleasing to Labour 's own folk by making it particularly displeasing to those who might then start cuts in physical investment and runs on banks — eg , Mr Healey might hit hard at what Labour calls the “ exorbitant profits ” of British business ( which has in fact been running at about an annual £ 4 billion rate of loss for the last two months ) .
A budget of this sort would be likely to drive Britain into both slump and pawn .
It is the big danger that needs to be avoided under any government in the next four weeks .
If minority Tory
A Conservative government with any sort of an overall majority would be unlikely to preside over quite such a collapse of the economy and of confidence , although a minority Conservative government that depended on placating the Liberals ' whims most definitely could .
As the Tories are not going to get an overall majority , we think that any third party candidates holding the balance should not put him in .
Yet Mr Heath has one asset , and in the tightest corner of Britain 's peacetime life some will say this might be the moment for the country to draw on it .
Mr Heath is not greatly loved , but he is respected for being his own man .
He does not make his mind up quickly but when it is made up he does not flinch from the consequences ; this is what even some of the miners ' leaders , differing wholly from him , have acknowledged .
What Mr Heath will have to do if he returns to Downing Street is to go on telling the truth simply to the people , make no easy promises and resist the civil service and political advice that clings to the conventional and settles in superficial effects .
Mr Heath might still be chosen by some non-Tory MPs to try and go on leading Britain through difficult times with a difficult vote of absolutely no confidence behind him .
What should he do then ?
A Conservative government has made it very clear how it will try to buy off the miners , if the miners will only let it .
The price will not stop at the immediate settlement , but the country expects the miners to be brought off before the industry 's gloomiest forecasts of lay - offs and shutdowns are fulfilled .
Yet the country , while saying that the miners should be better paid , has also been saying that it wants firmness against further inflationary wage claims .
That must be put to the test .
It was said of Baldwin that his advice for an easy time in politics was to never get across the Treasury , the Vatican or the National Union of Mineworkers .
But there are powers in the land that governments must be prepared to get across if sectional interests are not to run loose .
The miners have been declaring that they mean to come back again this year with an even bigger claim .
That may be the right tactics for them if they believe they have the whiphand .
But the country will need to stand up to them and their imitators one day .
To do so it will have to be prepared to import what will not be produced and to distribute what pickets try to stop moving .
The Government needs to start preparing the country for this sort of probability .
It is not a matter of threatening anyone by using the powers of the state , but of explaining , from the start what the choices are , refuting the hysterical utterances that will be made in the name of trade union unity , and organising for what can be done if the country wills it in another early general election .
Liberals for distraction
Some people say that this has been a reviving election because Mr Jeremy Thorpe 's new Liberal party re-passed puberty during the campaign , and strange things do happen when a party or a person does that .
Those strange things included the loss of Sutton and the gain of Hazel Grove .
The new Liberal phenomenon is not unique to Britain although exultant Liberals and stunned Tories and Labour - party men have been behaving as it were .
Much the same sort of thing has been happening recently in several other countries which lie on the fringe of the successful French - German heartland of the European community and which have a higher - than - average rate of inflation : countries , in short , which face particularly difficult decisions about their national identity and the management of their economies .
The reaction of part of the electorate in each of them has apparently been to flinch away from the need for these hard decisions and to look instead for a party that seems to offer an easier option .
They have voted for the politics of distraction , or the politics of good intentions , rather than the politics of dealing with harsh reality .
In Denmark , Finland , Belgium , Switzerland , very odd parties have grown up ; in Sweden , a worthy and vague one .
Such attitudes do not account for the whole , or even for most , of the new Liberal vote .
But some people voted Liberal because they wanted to hold the line against inflation without fighting the battle that is necessary if the line is to be held , and others voted against Mr Heath 's common market by switching to Mr Thorpe who also supports it .
These are the duckers - out from any willingness to recognise the issues let alone confront them .
In such voting there is an evasion that bodes ill for the hope of clear eyed government .
It 's no secret that the majority of all medical practitioners do not get excited about having to perform duties like medical coding , billing or other types of inconvenient paperwork .
Luckily , this is where the dedicated professional at Allstate come into play .
As the premiere third party medical billing service provider in the industry , we are readily available to make your job easier .
Helping you direct all of your attention on each one of your patients , we will gladly take all of the mundane , boring medical billing , coding and accounting paperwork off of your desk for good .
Specializing in a large assortment of different healthcare practices like pediatrics , physical therapy billing , medical coding , occupational therapy , radiology , chiropractic billing and virtually any additional type of medical billing that you can imagine , the team of expert professionals at Allstate are always a simple phone call away .
Fully understanding the specific needs and requirements of each individual client , we pride ourselves on making your job easier by taking care of all that unwanted paperwork so that you can have more time to focus on your number one objective ; the patient .
Simply by picking up the phone and calling us at 1-800 - 991-5731 , our team is standing by to give you the free consultation that you deserve .
Whether you 're worried about making your job more hassle - free , saving money or reducing your overall workload , we are here to help every step of the way .
In fact , because we are so confident that we can help , Allstate will give you your first 25 claims for free with our no cost , risk - free trial .
A few years ago , when tensions were escalating between China and Taiwan , I met a colleague from the Chinese Studies department of my university in the hallway who told me how deeply concerned he was about the risk of an armed conflict .
With the ignorance of an outsider , I took this lightly ; and indeed nothing happened .
Now we have changed places ; thanks to the Cheonan incident , I am worried .
If it turns out that the North Koreans attacked the ship , then South Korean President Lee Myung Bak will be caught between a rock and a hard place .
If he retaliates , he will risk a chain reaction that could result in a full - fledged war .
If he does nothing , it might cost him his political career and invite further provocations .
Much has been written about the proper reaction and South Korea ’s options .
I will not dwell on this but rather focus on an issue that has been largely ignored .
Who did it , and why ?
Naturally , but wrongly , the West is egocentric enough to interpret North Korea ’s actions from the outsider ’s perspective .
Every step Pyongyang takes is usually seen as a message sent either to Seoul , Beijing , Washington or Tokyo .
But as in any other country , and as every structural realist will understand , North Korea is first and foremost concerned with itself .
I have stressed this with regard to the nuclear issue , which is at least as much a tool to stabilize the regime in times of domestic difficulties as it is an instrument of foreign policy .
Can we interpret the destruction of the Cheonan , if it was caused by North Korea , in a similar way ?
Sinking a corvette is very different from shooting a tourist or firing a few pistol shots across the 38th parallel .
It is even unlike killing an enemy with an axe in the neutral zone around Panmunjom .
It is hard not to regard the deliberate sinking of a warship and the killing of 46 crewmen as an act of war .
And it is hard to expect the other side not to share this view .
So who made this fatal and risky decision ?
Those in the West who insist on calling Kim Jong Il the Dear Leader ( although this title has not been in use in North Korea for one and a half decades ) , who believe that he is the personification of evil and the only person with power in his country , will argue that only he could have given the order .
But this assumption collides with a truism that my students learn in their first semester : the top priority of the DPRK leadership is regime survival .
An open war against the South would be suicidal .
The “ cornered tiger ” scenario is the only condition , beyond mental illness , under which Kim Jong Il would choose this option .
One possible interpretation of the sinking of the Cheonan is that the situation in North Korea is so bad and the regime so desperate that it believes risking annihilation is its only option .
But while it is hard to regard the situation in North Korea as rosy , it has been through worse times .
With the currency reforms of 2009 , the regime was able to win some time in its otherwise hopeless fight against the inevitable transformation of North Korea ’s society when it expropriated the growing wealth from the newly emerging middle class and tried to partially demonetize the economy again .
And as far as we know , prior to March 26 , there was no intelligence pointing to unusual troop movements ; no increase in communications that might have signaled something out of the ordinary was about to happen or signs that a change in the military ’s alert status was about to take place .
Of all the possible scenarios for why North Korea would have been involved in the Cheonan incident , the one that should worry us the most is the possibility that it was NOT Kim Jong
Il who gave the orders .
While in 2008 one could have imagined , under certain circumstances , that a young recruit overreacted and shot a South Korean tourist at Mt. Kumgang , it is much less likely that the captain of a North Korean submarine had a short fuse and sank that corvette .
He must have done so upon receiving orders , or at least a “ go ahead ” from someone above him .
The higher up we move in the command chain , the stress motive becomes less likely .
A lieutenant commander in his sub might think twice ; a rear admiral will think ten times before pulling the trigger .
If the North Koreans torpedoed the ship , and if it was not done after a self - destructive order by Kim Jong
Il , this may be proof of a destabilization of the current leadership in Pyongyang .
Sinking the Cheonan without consent by the top leader would be an open act of insubordination .
An autocratic leader who does not have his lieutenants under control becomes a liability to the system .
It is fear and the unchallenged authority of the top that keeps an autocracy together .
Many of us have argued that such considerations had allowed Kim Jong
Il to take over power from his father so smoothly despite his very different personality : the elite knew that regime stability depended on a strong and undisputed leader , and he was the only realistic candidate for the job .
Yet , years have passed since 1994 , and North Korea has changed substantially .
A famine , a set of failed economic policies , and Kim ’s obvious health issues have created a situation of frustration , insecurity , and nervousness .
The Pyongyang elite will be holding their breath and watching closely how Kim Jong Il reacts .
What if he does not succeed in creating the impression that sinking the Cheonan was his idea ?
Even if so , this is a catch - 22 since it invites a potentially destructive counter reaction by South Korea and the United States .
If it was n’t done on his command , will Kim Jong
Il conduct a major purge of the culprits like his father did in 1956 , when a trip to Europe was used to launch a coup against him ?
If he does n’t , then the vultures will get more courageous .
However , it is very unlikely that an unfriendly takeover of the top post in Pyongyang would happen quickly , effectively , and peacefully .
Chances are much better for the emergence of the chaotic situation that North Korea ’s neighbors have tried to avoid for a long time at the economic and political cost of deliberately propping up the Kim Jong Il regime .
The potential effects include a humanitarian disaster , a last - ditch effort at a military solution , or the active involvement of superpowers like China .
In short , we have reason to be really worried this time .
And we can only hope that all this speculation is overemphasizing negative scenarios , and that a few months from now , everything will be back to business as usual , just as it did when China and Taiwan seemed to be on the brink of war a few years ago .
Recommended citation : Frank , Ruediger , “ An Act of Open Insubordination ?
Implications of the Cheonan Incident for Domestic Politics in North Korea , ” 38 North , Washington , D.C. : U.S. - Korea Institute at SAIS , Johns Hopkins University , May 9 , 2010 .
Online at : www.38north.org/?p=732.
Australian Federal Police ( AFP ) are calling for the social networking site Facebook to employ a law enforcement expert in Australia .
AFP assistant commissioner Neil Gaughan is joining six senior law enforcement officials from around the world in Washington today for a US Department of Justice meeting about the social networking site .
The meeting follows the death of Sydney teenager Nona Belomesoff , who met her alleged killer via Facebook .
Police said her killer set up a fake Facebook identity and led the teenager to think she would have work with an animal welfare group .
The AFP wants Facebook to appoint a dedicated law enforcement liaison officer in Australia to match individual user accounts to internet addresses .
Assistant commissioner Gaughan says police are seeing a number of crimes linked to the social networking site .
" We 're certainly seeing instances of stalking and grooming people for sexual activity .
We are seeing instances where illegal content is being shared amongst users as well , " he said .
" So there is criminality within that particular environment and we need to come up with strategies to address that . "
The AFP is expecting strong support from its international counterparts at the meeting .
" The concerns that Australian law enforcement have are shared by our international colleagues , " assistant commissioner Gaughan said .
" We 're pretty much [ in ] concensus .
We just need a united front and then we 'll put that to Facebook and hopefully we 'll get some action . "
Assistant commissioner Gaughan says he is confident Facebook will come onboard .
" You 've only got to read the media over the last couple of days to realise they are concerned about some of the privacy settings they 've put in place , " he said .
" They 're probably going to try and simplify those for people and we applaud them for that initiative . "
The AFP would also like to see Facebook 's law enforcement guidelines match Australian law .
Assistant Commissioner Gaughan says more needs to be done to stop cases of stalking , grooming and sharing of illegal information .
" What I 'll be pushing for from an Australian perspective is a dedicated law enforcement liaison person in Australia , " he said .
" I 'd also like to see a ' report abuse ' button on each profile page to make it easier for people to report their concerns to law enforcement .
" I 'd also like to see some age verification software placed on the system so we do n't have people under the age of 13 becoming members of Facebook . "
Facebook says it already has a dedicated employee who supports law enforcement requests from Australia .
A spokeswoman for the company says it also has an established 24 - hour dedicated law enforcement liaison team .
Spring may be a little late this year , but the good news for people with hay fever is that the pollen season is following suit – and it may be shorter than usual .
Remarkably for the time of year , there is little pollen about and the current forecast ( for tree pollens , the earliest type ) is low .
Beverley Adams - Groom , from the National Pollen and Aerobiology Research Unit ( NPARU ) , which provides the pollen count , says that the exceptionally severe winter followed by a wet , cold spring , means most plants are flowering later than usual .
With 15 million in the UK estimated to have hay fever , this year 's later , possibly shorter pollen season is a welcome blip in the long - term trend towards earlier , longer seasons .
" Unusually , we 're in a bit of a lull at the moment , " says Adams - Groom .
" Hazel and alder pollen have finished , and the birch pollen season typically starts at the end of March but it is two or three weeks late . "
Birch is second only to grass as the UK 's most severe allergen , affecting 25 % of people with hay fever .
Fortunately , she adds , birch may well be a short season , which could be the case with other pollens , including grasses ( which normally start in May ) .
" But none of this is set in stone .
If we have a warm , wet May the grasses might catch up . "
Adams - Groom is the NPARU 's chief palynologist ( palynology is the study of pollen ) .
She takes me to see the unit 's pollen traps : perched on the roof , they look a little like aliens .
Each one has three legs , a weather vane for a head and a rotating drum for a body , with a slit large enough for pollen grains ( but not insects ) to get through .
Once inside the drum , any pollen gets caught on a roll of sticky tape , sections of which are regularly removed and mounted on a microscope so that the grains can be painstakingly counted .
These seemingly primitive devices , found on rooftops at 18 sites around the UK , are used by researchers to work out the daily pollen count – the average number of pollen grains per cubic metre over 24 hours .
The unit 's national and regional pollen forecasts – given as low , moderate , high or very high – warn people with hay fever just how miserable their day is likely to be .
Most people start getting symptoms when the forecast is moderate ( 30 to 49 grains of pollen per cubic metre of air ) .
While the NPARU is best known for pollen monitoring , its work nowadays is more wide - ranging .
In a £ 7 m state - of - the - art laboratory complex at the University of Worcester , researchers test anti-allergy products , such as vacuum cleaners and air ionisers in a climate - controlled chamber , as well as designing clinical trials of hay fever remedies .
But hay fever can be hard to treat because the ways allergies affect us can be so complex .
Some pollen allergies are cross -linked to allergies to particular foods , which can cause symptoms such as itching and swelling in the mouth and lips .
" People with a birch pollen allergy may get a cross-reaction to apples and other raw stoned fruit , while a ragweed allergy is linked to a reaction to melons , " says Professor Jean Emberlin , who set up the NPARU .
It is thought that the submicroscopic proteins in certain foods are chemically similar to airborne allergens .
If you suspect this is a problem for you , you may need to see a specialist .
Some of the allergens in food are destroyed by cooking , although some people are advised to avoid certain foods altogether .
The latest theory is that we should be measuring not just pollen grains , but the proteins in pollen that trigger allergy .
Scientists have long suspected that the pollen count may not accurately reflect the levels of allergen in the air , which may help to explain why some people get symptoms even when pollen counts are not high .
A large EU - funded study is currently under way .
How to handle hay fever
Identify your problem pollen
Knowing which type of pollen causes your allergy means you can minimise exposure , and start treatment at the right time .
This can be tested by a GP or at a specialist centre , " but the simplest way to do it , " says Professor Jean Emberlin from NPARU , " is to keep a pollen diary . "
If you notice symptoms during April , you 're probably allergic to tree pollen ; May , June and July indicate allergy to grasses .
Weed pollen and mould spores come into their own in late summer .
Pollen avoidance
Check your local pollen count ( pollenforecast.org ) and , if it is high , stay indoors with the windows closed , or at least away from heavily planted open spaces .
Levels are usually highest in the mornings and on windy days .
If you do go out , shower and wash your hair once you get home .
You can also try wrap - around sunglasses if you suffer from itchy eyes .
Stay indoors when the grass is being mown , and bring in washing before pollen levels increase at night .
Plan a holiday by the sea or somewhere where pollen seasons are earlier , to avoid symptoms .
Drug treatments
" It 's best to consult your pharmacist or GP on what 's best for you , " says Emberlin .
They include antihistamine tablets and nasal sprays , which calm the body 's allergic reaction – older tablets can cause drowsiness , so choose a newer type such as cetirizine or loratadine , both of which can be bought over the counter .
Corticosteroid nasal sprays ( over - the - counter versions include beclometasone and fluticasone ) can relieve a runny or blocked nose ; for maximum effect start taking them a fortnight before you expect to get symptoms .
These sprays can cause mild irritation and nosebleeds in some people and should not be taken in high doses for lengthy periods .
Eye drops containing sodium cromoglicate ( Opticrom Allergy ) or antihistamines ( Otrivine ) will help with itchy eyes .
Drug - free treatments
So far , few non -drug treatments have been proven effective against hay fever , says Emberlin , although Nasaleze ( a cellulose - based powder which is sprayed up the nose , to form a barrier ) has helped reduce reliance on medication in a placebo - controlled trial .
A handheld device used to shine light into the nostrils has also shown some success and is available in some chemists .
" We do n't know how it works really but it seems to increase blood supply to the nasal membranes , " says Emberlin .
A recent small study has shown that HayMax , a balm used to coat the nostrils , can trap pollen grains , but far more research is needed to see if it reduces hay fever symptoms .
Meanwhile , you could always try Vaseline .
Skip to comments .
Laura Bush Supports Gay Marriage , Abortion
abcnews.com ^ | May 12 , 2010 | RUSSELL GOLDMAN
Posted on by Free ThinkerNY
Former first lady Laura Bush has broken with her husband on the premier social issues of his administration and said she backs gay marriage and abortion .
After more than eight years of silence on the controversial issues , Mrs. Bush said in an interview with CNN's Larry KingTuesday , that gay marriage and abortion were points of contention with her husband , former President George W. Bush .
Mrs. Bush in recent weeks has been promoting her memoir " Spoken from the Heart , " in which she writes about her life both before and after becoming first lady .
In response to a question about gay marriage , she said , " There are a lot of people who have trouble coming to terms with that because they see marriage as traditionally between a man and a woman .
But I also know that , you know , when couples are committed to each other and love each other , that they ought to have , I think , the same sort of rights that everyone has . "
Mrs. Bush said she and the ex-president " disagree " on legalizing same - sex marriage .
( Excerpt ) Read more at abcnews.go.com ...
TOPICS :
Breaking News
Culture / Society
News / Current Events
KEYWORDS :
abortion
abortionists
babykillerlaura
bds
bdsaliveandwellonfr
bdsclub
bdshaters
bdsidiots
bdsliveson
bdslivesonfr
bdsmorons
bdsrulesfr
bdssucks
bush
bush43
bush4abortion
bush4gaymarriage
bush4gays
bush4homosexuals
bush4perversion
bushbots4abortion
bushbots4deviancy
bushbots4gaymarriage
bushbots4perversion
bushbotsassemble
bushbotsattack
bushbotshere
busheatsbabies
bushfamily
bushhaters
bushhatesbabies
bushlegacy
bushlovesdems
bushwasafraud
bushwasaphony
donewithfr
downthetubeswithbds
enoughofthebds
epickeywordbattle
fakeconservatives
firstlady
frbds
frcontinuesbdspolicy
freakingbdsers
freetradesupporters
georgewrino
gethelp
giveitupbdsers
hate
homosexualagenda
keywordbattle
laurabush
laurabushsmear
methodists
moralabsolutes
moveonbdsers
omgwillthebdseverend
proaborts
rino
rinobotshere
rinobush
rinos4abortion
sickofthebds
stayoutofdabushes
time2 bashbush
treacherousbush
trolls4bush
unbelievablynuts
upeoplerdisgusting
To : Free ThinkerNY
I keep reading stuff like this about her book , I think I will pass on buying this one and reading it .
To : Free ThinkerNY
Its time for the media to divide the GOP again
To : Free ThinkerNY
I ’m beyond surprise anymore .
I think I will just continue to ride the spiral out .
by 4 posted onby 3 boysdad ( It 's time to get busy living or get busy dying . )
To : tioga
I agree .
I have never understood how any woman who has had children could be in favor of abortion .
The so called “ homosexual marriage ” is just bogus - “ I just want to be enlightened ” bologna .
To : Free ThinkerNY
Very discouraging .
To : Free ThinkerNY
Sounds like she 's gone Unitarian / Universalist on us ... if she was ever anything else .
To : Free ThinkerNY
What a waste of potential .
by 8 posted onby muddler ( Obama is either incompetent or malicious , and it makes little difference which . )
To : GeronL
Do you think that they forced her to say those things ?
LLS
To : Free ThinkerNY
Was n't Nancy Reagan for abortion ?
I do n't know about her view on gay rights .
Does n't really matter , we voted for Ronald and W
To : Free ThinkerNY
I guess she needed something controversial to sell her book .
How sad !
To : tioga
Boy I wish the media would report on the things that Obama
and his henchmen support that to me would be news .
If they are pulling from her book then they should pull some things from Obamas book .
To : Free ThinkerNY
I hate to say this , but it makes me doubt whether Bush was really pro-life .
( Do n’t forget , he wanted bra-burning leftist Harriet Miers on the USSC . )
Seriously , it ’s such a deep , moral issue .
Why do all these RINOs ( GW Bush , GHW Bush , McCain , Dole ) have pro-abortion wives ?
( Ms. Dole claimed to be a prolifer , but she now co-chairs with Christine Todd Whitman a PAC to purge pro-lifers out of the Republican Party , the insanely revealingly titled , “ It ’s MY Party [ so just give us your money and votes get the hell out ?
- D] PAC ” . )
OK , an exception I could see — couples do n’t always agree on even the most personal , moral issues — but they ’re unanimously pro-abortion !
To : Free ThinkerNY
Barbara Bush was pro-abortion , too .
Very unfortunate , because I like both of those ladies .
But they seem to have blind spots on some of these basic moral issues .
I think that Harriet Miers was a feminist and was quietly pro-abortion , in spite of all the efforts to paint her as an “ Evangelical . ”
And it was Laura more than anyone who backed that supremely lousy choice for the Supreme Court .
To : Free ThinkerNY
The Bart Stupak First Lady .
To : All
I ’m very disappointed in the former first lady .
I am heartened by President Bush ’s stance .
I never expected Laura Bush to turn into Megan McCain .
I wo n’t be buying her book either .
Expect Mrs. Bush to be warmly embraced by the women at the View , Rachel Maddow and Elena Kagen .
Thank God we still have Sarah to look up to .
by 16 posted onby ClarenceThomasfan ( President Bush will go down as one of our greatest presidents ( next to Ronald Reagan ) )
To : Free ThinkerNY ; NFHale ; genetic homophobe ; ding_dong_daddy_from_dumas ; stephenjohnbanker ; ...
I also found this recent youtube clip of her on Larry King selling her book : youtube : Laura Bush For Gay Marriage & Pro-Choice !
You folks all read her moving book yet ? :)
by 17 posted onby sickoflibs ( " It 's not the taxes , the redistribution is the federal spending=tax delayed " )
To : LibLieSlayer
No .
If she had said the opposite do you think it would have been mentioned at all ?
To : EternalVigilance
Just noticed this post too .
by 19 posted onby sickoflibs ( " It 's not the taxes , the redistribution is the federal spending=tax delayed " )
To : Free ThinkerNY
No more RINOS !
Gays and abortionists have all the legal provisions you could ask for .
They wish to usurp religion .
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
We 've been talking about the EeePC T101MT for a while now .
With a choice of Windows 7 Starter or Home Premium , the device features a 10.1 - inch touchscreen display that swivels around to convert the netbook into a tablet .
The device packs Intel 's Atom N450 CPU ( 1.66GHz ) and and GMA 3150 graphics .
There 's the option for up to 2GB of DDR2 , as well as a 320 GB HDD , 802.11b/g/n Wi -Fi , Bluetooth 2.1 + EDR , 3 x USB 2.0 and an SDHC card reader .
Priced at $ 499 , the device is in a similar price range as the Windows 7 version of the HP Slate PC and Apple 's iPad .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 February 2
Mars and a Colorful Lunar Fog Bow
Credit & Copyright : Wally Pacholka ( AstroPics.com , TWAN )
Explanation : Even from the top of a volcanic crater , this vista was unusual .
For one reason , Mars was dazzlingly bright two weeks ago , when this picture was taken , as it was nearing its brightest time of the entire year .
Mars , on the far upper left , is the brightest object in the above picture .
The brightness of the red planet peaked last week near when Mars reached opposition , the time when Earth and Mars are closest together in their orbits .
Arching across the lower part of the image is a rare lunar fog bow .
Unlike a more commonly seen rainbow , which is created by sunlight reflected prismatically by falling rain , this fog bow was created by moonlight reflected by the small water drops that compose fog .
Although most fog bows appear white , all of the colors of the rainbow were somehow visible here .
The above image was taken from high atop Haleakala , a huge volcano in Hawaii , USA .
Albertson 's shoppers in the Seattle area are 10 times more likely to be obese than Whole Foods customers , a stark reminder that the social groups most prone to obesity are often invisible to those with more money and power .
Advertisement
According to MSNBC 's JoNel Aleccia , a study by University of Washington researchers found that just 4 % of Seattle - area Whole Foods shoppers were obese , compared with 40 % of those shopping at Albertson's .
Aleccia succinctly explains , " That 's likely because people willing to pay $ 6 for a pound of radicchio are more able to afford healthy diets than people stocking up on $ 1.88 packs of pizza rolls to feed their kids . "
Lead study author Adam Drewnowski explains , " If you have $ 3 to feed yourself , your choices gravitate toward foods which give you the most calories per dollar . "
We 've heard this before — and obviously Whole Foods is n't the place to get the most anything for a dollar , but Drewnowski 's study does throw into sharp relief the class differences involved in obesity .
It 's also easy to see why Whole Foods CEO John Mackey might think that heart disease and cancer can be stopped with a good dose of personal responsibility , or that it 's a good idea to base an employee discount on BMI — he just does n't have that many customers who actually have to make a choice between what 's healthy and what they can afford .
Advertisement
The obesity gap between Whole Foods and Albertson 's may be indicative of another divide — many Americans who have the luxury of shopping at places like Whole Foods may not actually see very many obese people in daily life , or at least may not interact with them in meaningful ways .
As scary editorials keep telling us , obesity is quite common , and perhaps even John Mackey has a " fat friend . "
But for many middle - and upper - class people , it 's all too easy to associate obesity with otherness — another race , another socioeconomic station , even another grocery store .
Of course , there are a handful of very wealthy people who struggle with their weight .
Jeannine Stein of the LA Times mentions the public weight fluctuations of Carnie Wilson and Oprah .
She writes , " Celebrities who speak out about their weight are de facto role models , whether they embrace that responsibility or not . "
Celebs dieting publicly , Stein writes , " can be a good thing and a bad thing for both themselves and for us - good if the celeb takes the weight off sensibly and keeps it off , bad if she yo - yos and relies on crash diets to slim down . "
But of course , celebrity weight loss stories — whether told by the stars themselves or by relentlessly body - snarking tabloids — are always stories of personal effort .
The most high - profile dieters are those with the most access to state - of - the - art diet plans and exercise techniques , and even though the fact that they often fail to keep the pounds off should clue us in to how complex weight and weight loss really are , we 're instead repeatedly sold a narrative of stars who " try hard " getting thin , and stars who " slip up " staying fat .
Is it any wonder that so many people still think weight loss is a matter of putting down that donut , or that obesity is caused by laziness ?
Maybe John Mackey , and American policymakers , should talk to shoppers in those Seattle Albertson 's stores , so they can find out how difficult healthy choices really are on $ 3 a day .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Pricey Grocery Stores Attract Skinniest Shoppers [ MSNBC ]
Carnie Wilson : ' I Do n't Want To Be Known As The Weight Loss Girl ' [ LA Times ]
If you 're an Android owner and a fan of Google 's very simple Tasks app , you can access it from a dedicated Android page at mail.google.com /tasks / android .
Bookmark that link and add it to your home screen , and you 've got a free and very functional web - based task manager .
Thanks to Miguel for the URL find !
Advertisement
It 's the essence of instinct :
If you take a lab mouse who has never caught a glimpse of a cat and waft a little eau de feline towards it , the mouse will freeze in fear , and will then back away from the source of the odor .
Now researchers have pinned down the chemical signals the mice are reacting to -- and have shown in the process a fascinating new form of inter-species communication .
Mice have a specialized organ in their noses that picks up chemical signals , called the vomeronasal organ , which helps them detect pheromones emitted by other mice .
These mice pheromones have a direct effect on behavior -- most obviously in the realms of mating and fighting .
In this new study , published in the journal Cell , neurobiologist Lisa Stowers decided to investigate whether the vomeronasal organ was capable of picking up signals from other species as well .
The reseachers took normal lab mice and mutant mice with inactive vomeronasal organs and presented them with cotton balls laced with predator smells , including cat saliva and rat urine .
The normal mice backed into the corners of their cages as if trying to escape a predator 's attention , but the mutant mice showed no signs of concern .
The mutants were so relaxed that they did n't even react when a live but anesthetized rat was placed in their cages .
“ In fact , one of our subjects curled up and went to sleep next to the rat , ” Dr. Stowers said .
“ We think he was cold ” [ The New York Times ] .
The researchers then identified the precise chemicals that were triggering the fear reaction in mice by dripping one chemical compound at a time on to a cotton ball , and found that compounds called Mups , or major urinary proteins , were the active ingredient .
Despite their name , Mups are n't only present in urine , but also in saliva and other secretions .
Experts say this work is a major step forward for understanding the biology of fear .
“ This paper moves the field forward by about a century , because it actually identifies the proteins that are responsible for eliciting fear in mice , ” says Leslie Vosshall , a neurobiologist at the Rockefeller University in New York City .
It also shows that “ Mups can be used not only for chemical conversations of animals in the same species , but they can also send information across species ” [ ScienceNOW ] .
Related Content : 80 beats : Sniffing Out Sickness : Mouse Noses Respond to the Urine of Diseased Mice
80 beats : Mammals Have a Nose for Danger ( Literally )
80 beats : Do Humans Communicate Via Pheromones ?
The Jury Is Still Out
DISCOVER : The Brain : The First Yardstick for Measuring Smells
DISCOVER : Top 100 Stories of 2009 , # 75 : Yes , You Really Can Smell Fear
Image : iStockphoto
[ NOTE ( added May 30 , 2010 ) : Thierry Legault , himself an extraordinary astrophotographer , has commented below with some issues he has with these images .
His points are well - taken , and have given me pause .
None of the claims Ralf has made for this imagery are physically impossible -- I checked the math , and I have a pretty good knowledge of image reduction and analysis -- but that does not mean they are correct .
I want to be careful and say I am skeptical of these claims , but cannot say whether they are correct or not .
In the future I 'll be more careful in my own wording in my posts . ]
Ralf Vandebergh , an astronomer in The Netherlands , has sent me many of his outstanding images of space vehicles in the past .
But he just sent one to me that I have to admit , rather shocked me : an image of a Keyhole 11 spy satellite !
At the time Ralf took these images , the satellite was about 600 km ( 360 miles ) away , a considerable distance for a small object .
Mind you , this satellite is about 5 meters ( 16 feet ) long , so the fact that any detail is seen at all is amazing .
It would appear to be less than 2 arcseconds in length at best -- that 's the same apparent size as a U.S. quarter seen at a distance of about 3 km ( nearly two miles ! ) .
For comparison , the Moon is 1800 arcseconds across , or 900 times bigger , so we 're talking weensy weensy here .
The Keyhole satellites are pretty well - known in space circles , and the KH - 11s have been around a while ( the next - generation KH - 12s have been around a while too , but not much is known about them ) .
The 11s are pretty much like Hubble Space Telescope , but pointed down at us -- well , presumably not us , but as opposed to pointed out toward the heavens .
Given some basic physics , and assuming the same optics as Hubble has , it 's easy to calculate that they should be able to spot objects as small as perhaps 10 cm ( 4 inches ) across , though this would require either some very precise tracking or very short exposures to prevent blurring .
Or maybe both .
It 's also possible to improve on that resolution a bit using sophisticated mathematical techniques , too .
While little or no orbital data is known for the KH - 12s , the orbits of KH - 11s ( at least , some of them , dun dun dunnnn ) are online .
Ralf used that data to predict where and when to get these images .
In the picture above he compares what he got to a simplified Hubble - like drawing , and with some small amount of imagination you can see the resemblance .
I would n't put too much stock in the exact configuration , but it does appear he got some detail on the satellite .
He also has a neat animation showing the satellite ; details are harder to see but he catches some hint of solar panels , as well as catching a flash of sunlight off a reflective surface .
Also note he 's done all this with a 25 cm ( 10 " ) telescope .
With something bigger , higher resolution is possible .
Not so much because the image can be magnified more , but because shorter exposures are possible ( bigger ' scopes capture more light from an object ) , freezing the atmospheric distortion better .
I have seen some pretty big ' scopes that are used to track satellites , which makes me wonder how much detail they capture ... and who else is out there tracking our satellites as well .
Image courtesy Ralf Vandebergh
Related posts : Spectacular new ISS picture from the groundShuttle and station imaged fron the groundAmazing Shuttle pictureSpace walker from the ground
America 's spelling and grammar comes under the glare of David 's beady eye .
How do you think the Queen feels about the wanton abuse of her English ?
This page provides access to the imaging data taken by Hayabusa AMICA .
AMICA is a camera imaging system operating in the visible , near - infrared and near - ultraviolet wavelength ranges and is equipped with a filter wheel including a wide - bandpass filter and seven narrowband filters .
The central wavelngths of the narrowband filters are designed to be nearly equivalent to those of the Eight Color Asteroid Survey ( ECAS ) system as follows : 380 ( ul ) , 430 ( b ) , 550 ( v ) , 700 ( w ) , 860 ( x ) , 960 ( p ) , and 1010 nm ( zs ) .
Four position - angle glass polarizers were mounted on an edge of the 1024 pixel by 1024 pixel CCD chip .
Observation Log
Click here to view the AMICA observation log .
Database Browse
If the operation phase and observation date are selected through the following select boxes , thumbnails of the specified imaging data will appear at the bottom of this page .
Please fill the check boxes of imaging data that you want and click on the download button .
Operation Phase : ---
Select one from below --- Cruse Phase Earth Swingby Gate Position Phase Home Position Phase Decent & Touching Down Calibration Obs. Date :
ST_2572739419_p.fits ( 260 kB ) ST_2572745988_v.fits ( 770 kB ) ST_2563670125_v.fits ( 34 kB ) ST_2572727016_v.fits ( 260 kB ) ST_2559003068_v.fits ( 1MB ) ST_2566178777_b.fits ( 386 kB ) ST_2572086065_b.fits ( 260 kB ) ST_2566271576_v.fits ( 386 kB ) ST_2566361188_w.fits ( 386 kB ) ST_2563677626_w.fits ( 34 kB ) ST_2572732931_w.fits ( 260 kB ) ST_2566401631_p.fits ( 386 kB ) ST_2558581440_v.fits ( 1MB ) ST_2563511720_v.fits ( 1MB ) ST_2563685143_p.fits ( 34 kB ) ST_2563607030_v.fits ( 1MB ) ST_2563662167_b.fits ( 34 kB ) ST_2563537820_v.fits ( 1MB )
One of the more interesting measures in nature is entropy .
Entropy is defined the same in statistical physics and information theory .
That ’s one of the great discoveries of Claude Shannon .
As you may or may not know , entropy is a measure of disorder .
It can be disorder in positions and momenta of molecules , or disorder ( noise ) in signals on a transmission wire .
It ’s one of those little wonders that the same mathematical object governs both the behavior of steam engines and the behavior of information in computational machines and telegraph wires .
It ’s actually not much of a wonder once you understand the math , but stepping back and looking at in “ big picture ” makes it pretty amazing and glorious .
The first time I figured it out , I am pretty sure I frothed at the mouth .
Heat is a measure of disorderliness in information ?
Hot dang !
I ca n’t convey the spectacularness of it all , as it requires an undergrad degree in physics to really grok it , but I will give it the old college try anyhow .
People who get degrees in computer science like to think of computers as “ Turing machines . ”
I suspect this is because it is easier to prove theorems about Turing machines than Von Neumann machines .
That ’s fine by me , though I will note in passing that I have never read a proof ( or anything like a proof ) that VN machines like you write code on are computationally equivalent to Turing machines .
Someone smart please point me to the proof if it exists .
We will assume for the moment that they are equivalent ; it is n’t important if you do n’t believe it .
I , personally , like to think of universal computers as shift maps .
A shift map takes a string of symbols and shifts them around .
Or , if you want to think in terms of Mr. George Boole , I think of a computer as a bunch of NOR ( or NAND , it does n’t really matter ) gates .
NOR gates flip bits .
It ’s not really important that you believe you can build a computer of any given complexity out of NANDs and NORs ; the important thing is you believe that by taking two input bits , operating on them , and getting one output bit you can build a universal computational machine .
It ’s quite true ; I would n’t lie to you .
Trust me ; I ’m a scientist .
Important fact to get from this picture ; two inputs , one output
It is crucial to note here that , these are not reversible operations .
One of the bits goes away .
You ca n’t take a one bit output and generate the two bits of input , as there are several permutations and combinations of them .
This is sort of the crux of the whole argument ; what happens when the bit goes away ?
If you believe in the statistical definition of entropy , you believe that the change in entropy is Boltzmann ’s constant times the natural log of the density of states .
The density of states of a NAND or NOR gate has decreased by 1/2 , making this - k* log ( 2 ) .
So every time you do a calculation , a bit dies , and disorder increases by k*log ( 2 ) .
Most of you who are still reading have glossy eyes by now .
Who gives a pair of foetid dingo ’s kidneys , right ?
Well , when you know what the entropy increase is , you can know what the dissipated heat is .
k is 1.38*10 ^ - 23 joules / degree kelvin .
If you are dissipating the heat to room temperature ( about 300 degrees kelvin ) , when each bit dies , it dissipates 3E - 21 joules of heat .
Stop and think about this for a second .
For every bit operation done in a computer , I know the minimum physically possible amount of heat dissipated .
Assuming a 64 bit calculation is done in 64 bits ( an underestimate for almost any kind of calculation ) , a 64 bit op is 1.84 * 10 ^ - 19 joules .
What good is this , you might ask ?
Well , consider : the average human ’s resting heat dissipation is something like 2000 kilocalories per day .
Making a rough approximation , assume the brain dissipates 1/10 of this ; 200 kilocals per day .
That works out ( you do the math ) to 9.5 joules per second .
This puts an upper limit on how much the brain can calculate , assuming it is an irreversible computer : 5 * 10^19 64 bit ops per second .
Considering all the noise various people make over theories of consciousness and artificial intelligence , this seems to me a pretty important number to keep track of .
Assuming a 3 Ghz pentium is actually doing 3 billion calculations per second ( it can ’t ) , it is about 17 billion times less powerful than the upper bound on a human brain .
Even if brains are computationally only 1/1000 of their theoretical efficiency , computers need to get 17 million times quicker to beat a brain .
There are actually indications that brains are very close to their theoretical efficiencies ; transmissions of information in nervous systems indicate things happen at very close to theoretical efficiency .
Too bad we do n’t know how calculation takes place in your noggin .
I leave it as an exercise to the reader to calculate when Moore ’s law should give us a computer as powerful as a human brain ( though Moore ’s law appears to have failed in recent years ) .
I leave it as another exercise to determine if this happens before the feature size on a piece of silicon approaches that of an atom ( in which case , it can no longer really be a feature at room temperature ) .
Penrose thinks brains are super - Turing quantum gravitic computers .
Most people think he is full of baloney , but , you never know .
I am pretty sure quantum computers get around the Landauer limit .
People like Christoper Moore , Michel Cosnard and Olivier Bournez have also shown that analog computers are potentially vastly more powerful than digital ones , though they still do n’t get around the thermodynamic limit .
“ Antikythera mechanism ; an early analog computer ”
Incidentally , if you google on Landauer entropy ( that log ( 2 ) thing ) , you will find many people who do n’t know what they are talking about who think they have refuted this bone - simple calculation .
All they have done is ( re ) discovered reversible computing ( aka Toffoli and Fredkin ) without admitting or realizing it .
Such people also must believe in perpetual motion machines , as it is the exact same logical error .
Reversible computing is , theoretically , infinitely powerful .
It is also an inadvertent restatement of what “ chaos ” means - not to mention , a restatement of what heat means .
In reversible computing , you need to keep around all the bits which are destroyed in irreversible computing .
That ’s a lot of semirandom bits .
What are they really , but the heat that your computer dissipates when it does a calculation ?
Faith No More announces their first east coast show in more than a decade - to be held on July 5 , 2010 to benefit the Open Space Alliance for North Brooklyn ( OSA ) .
The show will be a part of a series of benefit concerts for OSA to take place at the Williamsburg Waterfront this summer .
The band , which regrouped in 2009 after a 12 - year hiatus , said in an official statement they , " only hope that the experience of playing together again will yield results erratic and unpredictable enough to live up to the legacy of Faith No More . "
" The benefit shows will help fund the restoration and preservation of parks in North Brooklyn , and subsidize the cost of free concerts at the Williamsburg Waterfront , " said Stephanie Thayer , OSA 's Executive Director .
" As nearby McCarren Park Pool is being renovated , OSA is pleased to continue its tradition of bringing outdoor music to North Brooklyn . "
Tickets will be available to the public on Friday March 19th at 12:00 pm EST at Ticketmaster.com , charge by phone 800.745.3000 and at the Nokia Theatre Times Square Box Office , where there is no service fee .
The Open Space Alliance for North Brooklyn ( OSA ) www.osanb.org is a nonprofit organization helping to preserve and enhance green space in North Brooklyn .
OSA raises funds , links community volunteers , and works in partnership with elected officials and agencies to develop new parks , and improve existing parks in Williamsburg / Greenpoint .
The Williamsburg Waterfront is located at North 8th Street & Kent Avenue on the East River in Brooklyn , NY .
Back in 2007 , I wrote a post explaining why the massive problem of prison rape is the sort of issue that government is likely to handle poorly because of structural flaws :
[ T ]he government ’s failure to address the problem is not accidental .
Government is responsive to those who have political power , and prisoners are the classic example of a group that has almost no power , and is generally unpopular with those who do .
In most states , prisoners do n’t even have the right to vote , and of course their ability to wield political power in other ways ( activism ; campaign contributions ; lobbying , etc. ) is also extremely limited .
Most of the general public , by contrast , is either unaware of the problem of prison rape or does n’t care about it very much .
And , of course , measures to make it easier for prisoners to sue or otherwise alleviate their plight will be strongly opposed by prison guards unions and other influential interest groups .
This is an extreme case of an important broader lesson about the nature of government : it usually ca n’t be relied on to protect the politically powerless or even the relatively weak .
My George Mason colleague , economist Bryan Caplan , has an interesting proposal that might reduce prison rape without running into the sorts of political obstacles that usually make the issue so intractable :
Why do we have separate men’s and women ’s prisons ?
You do n’t have to envision the alternative for long to have your answer :
Co-ed prisons would be a living hell of rape and brutality .
Or perhaps I should say : Even more of a living hell of rape and brutality , because that already describes single - sex prisons today … .
Once you know how to make prisons even worse , you know how to make them better .
Namely : Reduce the variance of strength and aggression within single - sex prisons by separating prisoners into something like “ weight classes . ”
In boxing , heavyweights do n’t fight featherweights .
It ’s not a fair fight .
But in prison , heavyweights serve their time side - by - side with featherweights .
A simple remedy for rape and brutality , then , is split up prisoners by size and strength .
You could assign the various classes of prisoners to different wings .
Or if that ’s too logistically difficult , you could assign each prison a weight class , then reallocate existing prisoners .
Admittedly , we already have prisons for different kinds of offenses – minimum security , maximum security , and everything in between .
Like separating men and women , this probably makes the prison experience a little less hellish .
But there ’s still a long way to go , and my proposal seems like an obvious and cheap improvement over the status quo .
Bryan ’s proposal relies on the common - sense insight that rapists and bullies usually target those smaller and weaker than themselves .
An 800 pound gorilla wo n’t hesitate to attack a 150 pound weakling .
But he is much less likely to target a fellow 800 pounder because the risk would be so much greater .
A rapist stupid enough to repeatedly target victims “ his own size ” is likely to get seriously injured and therefore wo n’t be a threat for very long .
Bryan ’s “ weight class ” plan would not , of course , eliminate all prison rape .
Some convicts may be such good fighters that they can easily overpower fellow inmates their own size .
And of course organizing into gangs enables groups of would - be rapists to target victims that they might not be able to take on individually .
Still , the idea might well reduce rape significantly relative to the status quo .
The biggest advantage of Bryan ’s idea , however , is that it could be adopted without riling up powerful interest groups or requiring major diversions of government funding from more politically popular programs .
In many cases , it could likely be implemented simply by reallocating prisoners among existing cell blocks within the facilities where they already live .
Some inmates may sue on the grounds that they are being discriminated against based on height and weight .
But any such lawsuit is unlikely to get far in light of the fact that height and weight classifications are subject only to minimal “ rational basis ” scrutiny , and courts tend to be highly deferential to the government on prison administration issues .
As Bryan points out , his plan might not go through because of status quo bias and inertia .
He also notes that some of the public actually approves of prison rape as an additional “ punishment ” for criminals , and therefore might oppose the idea precisely because it could work .
In addition , public opinion might reject it because at first glance it seems strange and weird .
Nonetheless , it probably has a better chance of success than do alternative solutions for prison rape that are likely to run into interest group opposition or require major new expenditures .
At the very least , it ’s a much better plan for reducing prison violence than this recent Wisconsin effort to keep inmates from playing Dungeons and Dragons !
It ’s possible that the plan has major unanticipated weaknesses that could be pointed out by people expert in prison administration ( which I am not ) .
But unless someone points out a really major problem with it , Bryan ’s proposal should at least be tried .
The status quo is so bad that even a highly imperfect reform might lead to significant improvements .
* Toshiba to spend $ 160 mln to set up test line - Nikkei
* Shares up 3.5 pct vs sector index ’s 0.8 pct gain ( Adds Toshiba comments , background , share price )
TOKYO , April 2 ( Reuters ) - Toshiba Corp 6502 .T plans to spend 15 billion yen ( $ 160 million ) this year to build a test production line for advanced flash memory chips , the Nikkei business daily said , sending shares of the Japanese electronics maker higher .
The world 's No.2 NAND flash memory maker behind Samsung Electronics Co 005930 .KS has already ordered chip - making equipment from ASML ASML .
AS to produce microchips with circuitry widths of less than 25 nanometres , the Nikkei said .
Narrower circuitry allows semiconductor companies to pack more storage capacity on a smaller piece of silicon , cutting per-chip production costs .
Toshiba currently makes NAND flash memory chips with circuitry widths of 32 and 43 nanometres .
One nanometre is a billionth of a metre .
Unlike dynamic random access memory ( DRAM ) chips used in personal computers , NAND flash memory can retain data even after power is turned off , making them an ideal memory device for portable electronics such as mobile phones and digital cameras .
Toshiba plans to begin output of NAND chips with circuitry widths in the upper 20 nanometre range soon , while production of chips with circuitry widths in the lower 20 nanometres is slated to start as early as 2012 , the Nikkei said .
A Toshiba spokeswoman said the company plans to start commercial production of NAND flash memory chips with circuitry widths somewhere between 20 and 29 nanometres in the second half of 2010 , but it has not been decided whether the circuitry will be wider or narrower than 25 nanometres .
The spokeswoman said Toshiba is in talks with the Netherlands ’ ASML on the possible purchase of a prototype of cutting - edge chip - making equipment that uses extreme ultraviolet ( EUV ) lithography to form narrower circuitry onto silicon wafers .
Shares of Toshiba rose 3.5 percent to 504 yen , outperforming the Tokyo stock market 's electrical machinery index .
IELEC.T , which gained 0.8 percent .
( Reporting by Bijoy Koyitty in Bangalore and Kiyoshi Takenaka in Tokyo ; Editing by Chris Gallagher )
​ Police claim a Mill Creek , Washington espresso stand may be the first in Snohomish County to offer lattes with a shot of marijuana on the side .
Everett Herald .
An undercover detective with the Snohomish Regional Drug Task Force claims he last week twice bought pot from the business , according to a search warrant affidavit filed Friday , reports Jackson Holtz of the
The primary suspect in the case is an “ attractive ” Mill Creek woman , 46 , Holtz reports .
She has not been arrested or charged , Holtz told Toke of the Town , so the Herald is not yet naming her .
“ Photos of the woman posted on an Internet site show her posing with her handsome son , ” the newspaper tells us .
Police claim they bought weed at the stand , south of the Silver Firs neighborhood , from both the woman and her son ’s girlfriend .
​ The investigation began last month when a confidential informant told detectives the woman was selling something stronger than coffee .
According to the rat , marijuana was available at both the woman ’s house and at her coffee stand , which is located on the same property , police said .
An undercover detective went to check things out for himself last week .
He drove up and placed his order .
The policeman claims the woman then walked over to her house and came back with a coffee cup holding just under a quarter ounce of marijuana .
The woman agreed to sell the undercover cop more pot later that day .
The detective claims the woman said she had the pot pre-packed in small amounts in her home , and that her son ’s girlfriend would be working , but was in on the gig .
The son ’s girlfriend was expecting the undercover cop when he returned that afternoon , police said .
She left the espresso stand , went to the house and returned with just under an ounce of marijuana in a paper bag , police claim .
Police on Friday seized suspected marijuana , scales , bongs , pipes and other paraphernalia , according to the search warrant .
A 12 - year - old boy who became a hit on YouTube with his cover version of Lady Gaga 's Paparazzi has received a phone call from the pop star .
Greyson Chance has had more than 10 m hits on YouTube for his piano rendition of the hit single .
He was appearing on Ellen DeGeneres ' US chat show when Lady Gaga phoned in to wish him luck .
" Keep following your dreams and work really hard and stay away from girls and be focused ! " she advised .
Chance 's video was recorded at a talent show in Edmond , a suburb of Oklahoma City , on 12 April .
Image caption Lady Gaga has performed piano - led versions of her hits in the past
The youngster uploaded it to Facebook and , a couple of weeks later , YouTube , where it garnered several thousand views .
Its popularity suddenly exploded this week after being featured on Perez Hilton 's website .
His performance also caught the attention of DeGeneres ' producers , who flew him to Los Angeles to take part in the chat show .
Chance said he had been learning piano for three years , but had never received vocal coaching .
And he admitted his popularity had increased since becoming an internet phenomenon .
" I 've gotten a couple of numbers and made some new friends , " he grinned .
Lady Gaga told Chance he was " so sweet and so talented " .
" I was so excited that you covered Paparazzi , " she added .
THE Anglican Church wants Australians to have fewer children and has urged the Federal Government to scrap the baby bonus and cut immigration levels .
Fairfax newspapers say the General Synod of the Anglican Church has issued a warning that current rates of population growth are unsustainable and potentially out of step with church doctrine including the eighth commandment " thou shall not steal " .
The Anglican Public Affairs Commission has also warned concerned Christians that remaining silent is little different from supporting further overpopulation and ecological degradation .
The discussion paper claims that federal government financial incentives encouraging childbirth should be scrapped and replaced with improved support for parents such as leave .
Originally published asHave fewer kids , says Anglican Church
Egyptians and Israelis might have more in common than they think , at least in one department : dope .
Last week , the Times Online reported a shortage of hashish in Egypt , where a government crackdown has resulted in a dry spell that has driven prices up and users to distraction .
Funny , the same thing seems to be happening in Israel .
The Hebrew daily Maariv reported that prices for the same favorite have doubled in recent months and hashish is nearly nowhere to be found .
Users complain that these days , they are forced to shell out three and four times as much for lab - grown marijuana .
The reason for the neighbors ' shortage , said the Times Online , was a government crackdown .
In Israel too , authorities have taken matters into their own hands .
The establishment of three special police units at Israel 's southern and northern borders as well as its international airport have brought a 30 % increase in the number of big drug busts .
Police say they are now noting a change in trends ; importers are getting creative and drugs frowned upon and considered inferior by the local market , such as opium , are making a comeback .
When three detainees at Guantanamo Bay were found hanged in their cells on June 9 , 2006 , the official explanation was suicide .
Human rights attorney Scott Horton , however , believes that “ clearly these were homicides . ”
Horton has been speaking out about the incident since last winter , apparently motivated by a concern that the Obama administration may be participating in a cover-up .
A Justice Department investigation was closed last fall without challenging the official version of the men ’s deaths .
In an appearance on Fox News ’ Freedom Watch , Horton stated that the only real question in his mind is whether the men ’s deaths were deliberate murders or were “ negligent homicides ” resulting from “ some sort of procedure that was performed on them . ”
He suggested , for example , that they might have suffocated as a result of being gagged while undergoing torture .
“ The father of one of the deceased , ” Horton noted , “ who himself was a general in the Saudi Arabian police , said he examined the body and he saw evidence of torture .
He ’s convinced of that . ”
The show ’s host , Judge Andrew Napolitano , appeared clearly skeptical of the government account , and the segment was bannered , “ Are the ‘ suicides ’ really torture interrogations gone wrong ? ”
As described by Napolitano , the three men “ had cloths shoved down their throats , and at least two of them had masks covering their faces , presumably to prevent the cloths from being ejected . ”
After doing all that , the men allegedly tied sheets around their necks to hang themselves and “ performed this feat simultaneously although they were not in adjoining cells . ”
Horton added that it also seems unlikely the men could have died in their cells as claimed because “ under the procedures there , they were subject to examination every ten minutes , and according to the official report , the bodies were hanging there for two hours , dead , without being observed . ”
Horton said there is evidence that the three men had been removed from their cells for interrogation on the night of their deaths .
Sergeant Joe Hickman , who was a guard at Guantanamo , has stated that on the evening prior to the deaths , he “ was observing … as a paddy wagon came by and extracted , in three separate trips , three prisoners from Cell Block A , which is where these three prisoners were held , and these prisoners were taken to a secret facility that the guards referred to as ‘ Camp No . ’ …
He speculates that these three people are the prisoners who died . ”
When the deaths occurred , the New York Times reported that they “ come at a time of mounting international criticism of the Bush administration ’s handling of terrorism suspects at Guantánamo and other prisons around the world . ”
Military officials , according to the Times , “ suggested that the three suicides were a form of a coordinated protest . ”
Admiral Harry B. Harris , the commander at Guantanamo , stated at the time , “ I believe this was not an act of desperation , but an act of asymmetrical warfare waged against us . ”
A Bush administration official subsequently described the alleged suicides as a “ good PR move to draw attention . ”
In a lengthy account published earlier this year , however , Horton points out that “ in the weeks following the 2006 deaths , the Justice Department decided to use the suicide narrative as leverage against the Guantánamo prisoners and their troublesome lawyers , who were pressing the government to justify its long - term imprisonment of their clients . ”
( Source : RawStory.com )
" Guys this is probably the craziest I have seen it down here ever . "
Here it is , memorialized for the generations and away from the now openly ridiculous disinformation propaganda of the mainstream media , just what a full market meltdown panic sounds like : straight from the epicenter , the S&P 500 pits .
Luckily open ouctry still exists , if at least for shock value .
Click here for a first hand account of the most shocking 15 minutes in recent market history .
Fat finger my ass .
h/t Tim
OREGON CITY -- Clackamas County District Attorney John
Foote kept his promise to reach out to an Oregon City church whose members have been prosecuted for failing to provide adequate medical care for their children .
Archive
Previous stories about
and the
Foote sent a letter last week to 415 families who belong to the Followers of Christ Church .
The church has a long tradition of using faith healing rather than mainstream medical treatment , sometimes with fatal consequences .
" As a starting point towards a possible dialogue between the church and law enforcement , let me ask the following question :
Is there an opportunity for us to agree under what circumstances parents should take their children to a doctor or hospital for appropriate medical care ? "
Foote wrote .
" Our goal would be to try and find ways to make sure that children of the church are safe and receive appropriate medical care .
We would work with you to make that happen , " the letter said .
It is hard to say how many church members would be open to using doctors .
Current and former members have said seeking medical treatment shows a lack of faith .
An attorney representing the church did not return a call to his office on Tuesday .
Foote did not offer any specific recommendations .
He said the Oregon City School District and the state Department of Human Services would like to be involved in the discussion , but he did not elaborate .
" It 's too early to tell if anything will come out of it or not , " Foote said .
" The decision is theirs , not mine . "
Foote said he was reluctant to talk about the letter .
" The letter was not intended as a public act .
It was intended as a private communication .
The real conversation should go on in private , " Foote said Tuesday .
In recent years , Foote 's office filed criminal charges against two sets of parents who belong to the church .
Jeffrey and Marci Beagley were found guilty in February of criminally negligent homicide in the death of their teenage son , who died of complications from an untreated urinary blockage .
Each was sentenced to 16 months in prison .
The Beagleys ' daughter , Raylene Worthington , and her husband , Carl , were found not guilty of second - degree manslaughter last summer in the death of their 15 - month - old daughter , who died of a blood infection .
Carl Worthington was convicted of criminal mistreatment , a misdemeanor , for failing to provide adequate medical care .
Foote noted that the state medical examiner 's office reported that during the past 30 years more than 20 children of church members had died from preventable or curable illnesses .
The mortality rate for Followers of Christ children during that period is 26 times greater than the general population .
" It is not our preference to prosecute parents for failing to give their children medical care , " Foote wrote .
" Our first preference is to have parents take on that responsibility so that children do not die . ... "
" As you know , the law in Oregon is very clear .
All parents are legally required to protect their children , " Foote said .
" There are no exceptions to this rule . "
--
Missing Cat's Whereabouts
Out of the Bag , in Chicago After eight months , missing Albuquerque , N.M. , cat Charles found in Windy City .
CHICAGO , April 17 , 2010  -- Charles the Cat has always craved adventure .
" He loved to ride in the car , " says his owner Robin Alex .
" I took him on all my vacations . "
But eight months ago , this tabby feline from Albuquerque , N.M. , put his nine lives to the test .
After Alex went out of town to volunteer for Habitat for Humanity and left him with a friend , Charles vanished .
" I was crushed , " Alex says .
" I was so upset because I was in New Orleans , so there was nothing I could do . "
Summer ended , autumn passed , and winter came and went with no sign of Charles .
But earlier this week , he was found by animal control officials in Chicago .
That 's right , Chicago .
Somehow , Charles had managed to travel 1,300 miles from Albuquerque to the Windy City .
Officials said if he walked the whole way , his paws do n't show it .
" He 's in good condition , " said Cherie Travis , executive director of Chicago Animal Care and Control .
" He 's got a little bit of a cold , a little bit of an upper respiratory infection , but otherwise he 's in great condition . "
Officials found an ID tracking microchip embedded in Charles ' back and contacted Alex .
She did n't have the money for a plane ticket and feared Charles might be euthanized in Chicago , but good Samaritan Lucien Sims , a fellow cat owner from New Mexico , stepped in and agreed to arrange a flight as she was flying back home to Albuquerque from Chicago .
Now , Charles is headed home this weekend .
He is scheduled to arrive late Sunday .
" I 've moved around a lot , " Alex said .
" It seems kind of destined that my cat would be a traveling cat . "
But the mystery remains .
Exactly where he 's been and how he got there , nobody knows .
And Charles is n't talking .
ABC Albuquerque , N.M. , baffiliate KOAT and AP contributed to this report .
Google has added SSL encryption to its primary search engine .
Today , with a blog post , the company announced that netizens now have the option of establishing a secure https connection when searching google.com .
To use the service , you must explicitly visit https://www.google.com
( Notice the extra " s " ) .
At time of writing , the link was being redirected to Google 's default , unencrypted search page on our computers .
A spokesman says the SSL service is being rolled out gradually on Friday .
The service also uses its own Google logo , so you can be doubly sure that SSL is in place :
" The service includes a modified logo to help indicate that you ’re searching using SSL and that you may encounter a somewhat different Google search experience , but as always , remember to check the start of the address bar for ' https ' and your browser lock indicators , " the post reads .
The " search experience " will differ because Google has not extended SSL across companion search services such as Google Image Search and Google Maps .
Because of this - and because establishing an SSL can slow things down a bit - the service carries a beta tag .
" When you search using SSL , you wo n’t see links to offerings like Image Search and Maps that , for the most part , do n’t support SSL at this time , " the post continues .
" Also , since SSL connections require additional time to set up the encryption between your browser and the remote web server , your experience with search over SSL might be slightly slower than your regular Google search experience . "
Google promised https for search in a blog post last week , when it announced that its Street View had " mistakenly " captured payload data from open Wi -Fi networks as its cars drove across the globe snapping digital photos .
" This [ Street View ] incident highlights just how publicly accessible open , non-password - protected Wi-Fi networks are today , " last Friday 's post reads .
" Earlier this year , we encrypted Gmail for all our users , and next week we will start offering an encrypted version of Google Search . "
Google also offers SSL as an option with its Calendar , Docs , and Sites services , and just recently , it added SSL to Google Web History and Google Bookmarks , after a security vulnerability was found in the search personalization service that taps Web History .
Google hopes to add https to other services as well .
Yahoo and Bing have yet to offer encrypted versions of their services , except when users are logging in .
Hotmail this week announced plans to offer always - on SSL when the service is relaunched in the next few months .
A Google spokesman also indicated it plans to make SSL encryption the default for search .
" We hope to expand the functionality once we better understand how it affects users ' search experience , " the spokesman told us .
" We expect that encrypted SSL search will slow down Google searches by a small degree , and we do n’t like the idea of rolling this out to everyone before we ’re able to test the performance effects and gather feedback from our users . " ®
[ JURIST ] Human Rights Watch [ official website ] on Friday urged the new UK government to set up a judicial inquiry [ press release ] on torture [ JURIST news archive ] allegations and reaffirm its support for human rights .
The rights group claimed that allegations of complicity in the torture of terrorism suspects have badly damaged the nation 's reputation and that steps need to be taken to restore the nation 's reputation as " a nation that respects human rights . "
The group cited reports from the Parliamentary Joint Committee on Human Rights and the House of Commons Foreign Affairs Committee [ materials ] , which point out specific instances of torture and kidnapping in counterterrorism efforts .
Among the many issues the group wants the government to reconsider include the power of the government to detain terrorism suspects for 28 days without a trial and the government 's ability to deport detainees to countries where they may be tortured .
The organization 's London director , Tom Porteous , expressed his desire for the British government to make civil liberties more of a priority .
The two parties in government have indicated they are in substantial agreement on civil liberties .
They should translate that into practice by making a clean break with the previous government 's abusive approach to counterterrorism and by strengthening the UK 's role in bringing to justice those responsible for international crimes at home and abroad .
The organization also urged the government to continue its support of the International Criminal Court [ official website ] and the Human Rights Act [ text ] , which the government adopted in 1998 .
Earlier this month , the England and Wales Court of Appeals [ official website ] ruled that security organizations MI5 and MI6 [ official websites ] could not use secret evidence in their defense against abuse allegations by Binyam Mohamed and other UK residents who were held at Guantanamo Bay [ JURIST news archive ] .
The security organizations wanted to use a " closed material procedure " that would allow them to rely on certain evidence without disclosing it to opposing counsel or committing it to the public record out of fear that disclosure would harm the public interest and the agencies themselves .
The court ruled in February that the government must disclose several paragraphs [ JURIST report ] detailing the allegations of Mohamed 's mistreatment that were previously omitted from an earlier ruling .
The Human Rights Act , passed to comply with the European Convention of Human Rights , has been a source of debate in the British government since is was adopted in 1998 .
In 2006 , then - prime minister Tony Blair called for an amendment to the act to allow the government greater discretion to protect public safety , while conservative leaders called for the act to be repealed [ JURIST reports ] .
OF all the things you can do with a radish — slice it into salads , chop it into salsa , shred it into slaw or , better , top it with a thick layer of sweet butter and a sprinkling of flaky sea salt — the last thing I ’d thought to do was cook it .
But last spring I started noticing roasted radishes sprouting up on menus all over New York City .
Even the fancy takeout shop near my house was offering them every now and again .
Clearly , there was a reason to cook a radish , and I wanted in .
So I gave it a try , roasting a bunch of halved radishes in a hot oven with plenty of butter and lemon juice .
One mouthful , and I immediately got the appeal .
Instead of spicy , crisp and crunchy , these radishes were sweet , succulent and mellow , vaguely like turnips but with a softer bite .
A lot of bytes and ink have been spent on whether the iPad is good for anything but games or gently ushering your computer - phobic granny into the digital age .
Proof the device is good enough for real business , Norway ’s prime minister Jens Stoltenberg reportedly ran his country from an iPad while stuck at the airport in New York yesterday .
While Stoltenberg was grounded due to volcanic eruptions in Iceland , his staff thought it best to let citizens know he was still busy with state affairs , sans tie and what looks to be a fairly regular airport lounge , by updating the state Flickr account with a photo titled “ The Prime Minister is Working At the Airport . ”
Even though everyday Norwegians wo n’t be able to buy an iPad in stores for at least another month , it ’s nice to see the PM is an early adopter .
Via Flickr
Reading
After the Saviour 's Ascension into the Heavens , the eleven Apostles and the rest of His disciples , the God-loving women who followed after Him from the beginning , His Mother , the most holy Virgin Mary , and His brethren - all together about 120 souls returned from the Mount of Olives to Jerusalem .
Entering into the house where they gathered , they went into the upper room , and there they persevered in prayer and supplication , awaiting the coming of the Holy Spirit , as their Divine Teacher had promised them .
In the meanwhile , they chose Matthias , who was elected to take the place of Judas among the Apostles .
Thus , on this day , the seventh Sunday of Pascha , the tenth day after the Ascension and the fiftieth day after Pascha , at the third hour of the day from the rising of the sun , there suddenly came a sound from Heaven , as when a mighty wind blows , and it filled the whole house where the Apostles and the rest with them were gathered .
Immediately after the sound , there appeared tongues of fire that divided and rested upon the head of each one .
Filled with the Spirit , all those present began speaking not in their native tongue , but in other tongues and dialects , as the Holy Spirit instructed them .
The multitudes that had come together from various places for the feast , most of whom were Jews by race and religion , were called Parthians , Medes , Elamites , and so forth , according to the places where they dwelt .
Though they spoke many different tongues , they were present in Jerusalem by divine dispensation .
When they heard that sound that came down from Heaven to the place where the disciples of Christ were gathered , all ran together to learn what had taken place .
But they were confounded when they came and heard the Apostles speaking in their own tongues .
Marvelling at this , they said one to another , " Behold , are not all these which speak Galileans ?
And how hear we every man in our own tongue , wherein we were born ? "
But others , because of their foolishness and excess of evil , mocked the wonder and said that the Apostles were drunken .
Then Peter stood up with the eleven , and raising his voice , spoke to all the people , proving that that which had taken place was not drunkenness , but the fulfilment of God 's promise that had been spoken by the Prophet Joel : " And it shall come to pass in the last days , that I shall pour out of My Spirit upon all flesh , and your sons and daughters shall prophesy " ( Joel 2:28 ) , and he preached Jesus of Nazareth unto them , proving in many ways that He is Christ the Lord , Whom the Jews crucified but God raised from the dead .
On hearing Peter 's teaching , many were smitten with compunction and received the word .
Thus , they were baptized , and on that day about three thousand souls were added to the Faith of Christ .
Such , therefore , are the reasons for today 's feast : the coming of the All - holy Spirit into the world , the completion of the Lord Jesus Christ 's promise , and the fulfilment of the hope of the sacred disciples , which we celebrate today .
This is the final feast of the great mystery and dispensation of God 's incarnation .
On this last , and great , and saving day of Pentecost , the Apostles of the Saviour , who were unlearned fishermen , made wise now of a sudden by the Holy Spirit , clearly and with divine authority spoke the heavenly doctrines .
They became heralds of the truth and teachers of the whole world .
On this day they were ordained and began their apostleship , of which the salvation of those three thousand souls in one day was the comely and marvellous first fruit .
Some erroneously hold that Pentecost is the " birthday of the Church . "
But this is not true , for the teaching of the holy Fathers is that the Church existed before all other things .
In the second vision of The Shepherd of Hermas we read : " Now brethren , a revelation was made unto me in my sleep by a youth of exceeding fair form , who said to me , ' Whom thinkest thou the aged woman , from whom thou receivedst the book , to be ? '
I say , ' The Sibyl . '
' Thou art wrong , ' saith he , ' she is not . '
' Who then is she ? '
I say .
' The Church , ' saith he .
I said unto him , ' Wherefore then is she aged ? '
' Because , ' saith he , ' she was created before all things ; therefore is she aged , and for her sake the world was framed . " '
Saint Gregory the Theologian also speaks of " the Church of Christ ... both before Christ and after Christ " ( PG 35:1108 - 9 ) .
Saint Epiphanius of Cyprus writes , " The Catholic Church , which exists from the ages , is revealed most clearly in the incarnate advent of Christ " ( PG 42:640 ) .
Saint John Damascene observes , " The Holy Catholic Church of God , therefore , is the assembly of the holy Fathers , Patriarchs , Prophets , Apostles , Evangelists , and Martyrs who have been from the very beginning , to whom were added all the nations who believed with one accord " ( PG 96 , 1357c ) .
According to Saint Gregory the Theologian , " The Prophets established the Church , the Apostles conjoined it , and the Evangelists set it in order " ( PG 35 , 589 A ) .
The Church existed from the creation of the Angels , for the Angels came into existence before the creation of the world , and they have always been members of the Church .
Saint Clement , Bishop of Rome , says in his second epistle to the Corinthians , the Church " was created before the sun and moon " ; and a little further on , " The Church existeth not now for the first time , but hath been from the beginning " ( II Cor. 14 ) .
That which came to pass at Pentecost , then , was the ordination of the Apostles , the commencement of the apostolic preaching to the nations , and the inauguration of the priesthood of the new Israel .
Saint Cyril of Alexandria says that " Our Lord Jesus Christ herein ordained the instructors and teachers of the world and the stewards of His divine Mysteries ... showing together with the dignity of Apostleship , the incomparable glory of the authority given them ...
Revealing them to be splendid with the great dignity of the Apostleship and showing them forth as both stewards and priests of the divine altars . . . they became fit to initiate others through the enlightening guidance of the Holy Spirit " ( PG 74 , 708-712 ) .
Saint Gregory Palamas says , " Now , therefore ... the Holy Spirit descended ... showing the Disciples to be supernal luminaries ... and the distributed grace of the Divine Spirit came through the ordination of the Apostles upon their successors " ( Homily 24 , 10 ) .
And Saint Sophronius , Bishop of Jerusalem , writes , " After the visitation of the Comforter , the Apostles became high priests " ( PG 87 , 3981B ) .
Therefore , together with the baptism of the Holy Spirit which came upon them who were present in the upper chamber , which the Lord had foretold as recorded in the Acts , " ye shall be baptized with the Holy Spirit not many days hence " ( Acts 1:5 ) , the Apostles were also appointed and raised to the high priestly rank , according to Saint John Chrysostom ( PG 60 , 21 ) .
On this day commenced the celebration of the Holy Eucharist by which we become " partakers of the Divine Nature " ( II Peter 1:4 ) .
For before Pentecost , it is said of the Apostles and disciples only that they abode in " prayer and supplication " ( Acts 1:14 ) ; it is only after the coming of the Holy Spirit that they persevered in the " breaking of bread , " that is , the communion of the Holy Mysteries - " and in prayer " ( Acts 2:42 ) .
The feast of holy Pentecost , therefore , determined the beginning of the priesthood of grace , not the beginning of the Church .
Henceforth , the Apostles proclaimed the good tidings " in country and town , " preaching and baptizing and appointing shepherds , imparting the priesthood to them whom they judged were worthy to minister , as Saint Clement writes in his first Epistle to the Corinthians ( I Cor. 42 ) .
All foods allowed during the week following Pentecost .
Apolytikion of Pentecost
Plagal of the Fourth Tone
Blessed are You , O Christ our God , who made fishermen all - wise , sending upon them the Holy Spirit and , through them , netting the world .
O Loving One , glory to You .
Kontakion of Pentecost
Plagal of the Fourth Tone
When the Most High came down and confounded tongues of men ( Babel ) , He divided the Nations .
When
He dispensed the Tongues of Fire , He called all to unity , and with one voice we glorify the Most Holy Spirit .
As part of a broader effort to discredit Republicans who oppose their legislative agenda , the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee today accused House GOP Leader John Boehner of hypocrisy for touting a $ 121,011 Piqua fire department grant funded through a spending bill he voted against .
Boehner 's May 6 press release said the competitively awarded Department of Homeland Security grant would help replace the fire station 's outdated sprinkler system and purchase an air compressor to provide a safe , reliable breathing supply for firefighters .
Boehner wrote DHS a letter to support the Southwest Ohio fire department 's application .
“ I congratulate everyone at the Piqua Fire Department for all of their hard work throughout this highly competitive grant process , ” Boehner 's release said .
On Friday afternoon , Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee spokesman Ryan Rudominer emailed reporters to accuse Boehner and other Republicans of " shameless hypocrisy " and say the grant " would n't even be possible if John Boehner had his way . "
Japan 's Venus Climate Orbiter Akatsuki and the Ikaros solar sail launch into space atop an unmanned H - 2A rocket on May 20 ( U.S. Eastern Time ) from Tanegashima Space Center in Japan .
It was early morning Friday , May 21 at the Japanese launch site .
A powerful new Japanese spacecraft and experimental solarsail blasted off together on Thursday ( Eastern Time ) to start a six - month trekto explore Venus and cosmic parts beyond .
One mission is aimed at uncovering the secretsof Venus and its cloud - covered surface , while the other could become thefirst interplanetary solar sail to successfully fly in space .
The JapanAerospace Exploration Agency ( JAXA ) is backing both spaceflights .
A Japanese H - 2A rocket lifted off with the VenusClimate Orbiter , named Akatsuki , as its main payload at precisely 5:58:22 p.m. EDT ( 2158:22 GMT ) .
?
By coincidence , it was early Friday morning local Japantime at the Tanegashima Space Center at the time of launch .
The Akatsuki spacecraft 's name means " Dawn inJapanese .
If all goes well , it should arrive at Venusin December .
JAXA hoped to launch Akatsuki and its Ikarossolar sail companion earlier this week , but low clouds and foul weather preventeda liftoff initially scheduled for Tuesday morning ( local Japan time ) .
Unveiling Venus
Akatsuki has set sights on a planet that scientists consideras Earth 's moodier , more hellish twin .
One of the main goals is to understand the " super- rotation " of the Venus atmosphere , where violent winds drive storms and clouds aroundthat planet at speeds of more than 220 mph ( 360 kph ) , some 60 times faster thanthe planet itself rotates .
" Akatsuki is the first ' meteorological satellite ' of aplanet other than the Earth , " said Seiichi Sakamoto , director for spacescience outreach at JAXA 's Institute of Space and Astronautical Science .
" Detailedstudy of Earth 's sister planet will provide us with breakthroughs in the fieldof atmospheric science . "
Solar sail rides shotgun
Japan 's new solarsail , named Ikaros ( Interplanetary Kite - craft Accelerated by Radiation Ofthe Sun ) , also hitched a ride as one of five smaller secondary payloads builtby private universities and corporations .
The solar sail craft will take the same starting trajectoryas Akatsuki , but is only scheduled to pass the orbit of Venus during its ambitiousthree - year journey to the other side of the sun .
Ikaros is designed to rely only upon the pressure ofsunlight to push it along , but it also carries thin film solar cells embeddedwithin its kite - like frame that can generate electricity .
Such a design mightallow future spacecraft to draw electricity for ion-propulsion engines , even asthey also use the solar sail for backup — not unlike a sailing boat that alsouses a solar - powered engine .
The mission launch involved an unusual maneuver for the H - 2 Arocket , which typically separates its main payload before the smaller payloads .
" This time we separated three piggyback satellitesbefore Akatsuki , " Sakamoto told SPACE.com .
" This is new to H - 2A . "
A JAXA publicity campaign to send names and messages toVenus has received more than 260,000 names and messages from around the world , accordingto Sakamoto .
Akatsuki 's study of Venus is planned to last at least two yearsafter it enters the planet 's orbit .
The Japanese space agency also launched a new spacefreighter late last year aboard an H - 2B rocket , which represents the newer andbigger descendant of the H - 2A rocket that kicked off the Venus mission .
DEEPWATER HORIZON UPDATE May 6 , 2010
By The Maritime Executive 01-13-2011 10:28:49
BP plugs one of three leaks in Gulf well
BP announced Wednesday that it has stopped the flow of oil from one of the three existing leak points on the damaged MC252 oil well and riser in the Gulf of Mexico .
This will reduce the complexity of the current situation on the seabed , but it is not expected to affect the rate of oil flow from the well .
From BP ’s Press Release :
“ At the MC252 well , using remotely operated vehicles ( ROVs ) , a valve has been installed on the end of a broken drill pipe , one of the three points from which oil was leaking .
The ROVs first cut the end of the pipe to leave a clean end and the valve , weighing over half a ton , was placed in position on the seabed .
Overnight the ROVs completed securely joining the valve to the broken drill pipe and then closed it , shutting off the flow from that pipe .
The ROVs will continue to closely monitor the well and remaining flow points to look for any changes . ”
For a video of the capping click here
Coast Guard Burns Oil
The US Coast Guard successfully completed a controlled burn of a portion of the oil slick off the Gulf Coast Wednesday .
This is only the second controlled burn to be performed at this spill ; high seas and strong winds caused the delay .
The Coast Guard says it will continue to burn the oil so long as air quality on shore remains unaffected and weather permits .
Loading the Cofferdam
While the Coast Guard was completing the burn , a 100 ton cofferdam was being loaded onto a barge to make its way to the leak site .
The cofferdam is expected to be up and running by Monday .
Secretary Salazar Gulf Coast Visit
Secretary of the Interior Ken Salazar surveyed ongoing response efforts to combat the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico , inspecting the four - story cofferdam that will attempt to capture the largest leak from the damaged wellhead ; making an aerial survey of containment and cleanup efforts underway on Gulf waters ; and visiting national wildlife refuges on the Louisiana and Alabama coast to assess on - the - ground efforts to protect sensitive areas .
NASA Satellite Assets
At NOAA ’s request , NASA has agreed to use their ER - 2 aircraft , equipped with a highly specialized scanner ( the Airborne Visible / Infrared Imaging Spectrometer ( AVIRIS ) system ) to provide NOAA high resolution images of the threatened Gulf shoreline .
This will assist valuable NOAA ’s damage assessment activities by forecasting spill trajectories and conducting mass balance calculations .
Additionally , NASA has employed satellite instruments both to detect the extent of the entire oil spill , and to see the details of the extent of selected areas of the spill .
By the Numbers to Date :
* Personnel were quickly deployed and approximately 7,900 are currently
responding to protect the shoreline and wildlife .
* Nearly 200 vessels are responding on site , including skimmers , tugs ,
barges , and recovery vessels to assist in containment and cleanup
efforts — in addition to dozens of aircraft , remotely operated vehicles ,
and multiple mobile offshore drilling units .
* Approximately 564,000 of feet of boom ( regular and sorbent ) have been
deployed to contain the spill — and 1.6 million feet are available .
* More than 1.2 million gallons of an oil - water mix have been recovered .
* More than 190,000 gallons of dispersant have been deployed .
More than
55,000 gallons are available .
* Nine staging areas have been set up to protect vital shoreline in all
potentially affected Gulf Coast states ( Biloxi , Miss. , Pensacola , Fla. ,
Pascagoula , Miss. , Dauphin Island , Ala. , Port Sulphur , La. , Shell Beach ,
La. , Slidell , La. , Port Fourchon , La. , Venice , La. ) .
Additional Staging Location
A 10th staging location was established in Panama City , Fla. , joining nine others in Biloxi , Miss. , Pensacola , Fla. , Pascagoula , Miss. , Dauphin Island , Ala. , Port Sulphur , La. , Shell Beach , La. , Slidell , La. , Port Fourchon , La. , and Venice , La .
Aerial Dispersant Spray Missions
Modular Aerial Spray System ( MASS ) aircraft flew four missions — dispensing the same dispersant chemical being used by BP and the federal responders .
These systems are capable of covering up to 250 acres per flight .
Seafood Inspection
NOAA Fisheries continues to collect seafood samples and transfer those to the National Seafood Inspection Lab .
NOAA Ocean and Marsh Imaging Flights
Two NOAA turbo - prop aircraft are positioned in Mobile , Ala .
One will fly
marine mammal survey missions — the second aircraft will conduct ocean
imaging missions , providing valuable information about the oil thickness
and density on the sea surface .
A third NOAA aircraft is positioned in
New Orleans and staged to conduct aerial photographic flights of marsh
areas .
Ocean Exploration Mission
A NOAA Office of Ocean Exploration and Research - sponsored mission is en
route to collect seafloor and water column data from areas near the oil
spill source .
National Park Service Response Website
The National Park Service created an oil spill response website ,
available at http://www.nps.gov/aboutus/oil-spill-response.htm, to
update the public about potential park closures , resources at risk , and
NPS actions to protect vital park space and wildlife .
Resources :
* For information about the response effort , visit
www.deepwaterhorizonresponse.com.
* To contact the Deepwater Horizon Joint Information Center , call ( 985 )
902-5231 .
* To volunteer , or to report oiled shoreline , call ( 866 ) 448-5816 .
Volunteer opportunities can also be found here .
* To submit your vessel as a vessel of opportunity skimming system , or
to submit alternative response technology , services , or products , call
281-366-5511 .
* To report oiled wildlife , call ( 866 ) 557-1401 .
Messages will be
checked hourly .
* For information about validated environmental air and water sampling
results , visit www.epa.gov/bpspill.
* For National Park Service updates about potential park closures ,
resources at risk , and NPS actions to protect vital park space and
wildlife , visit http://www.nps.gov/aboutus/oil-spill-response.htm.
* To file a claim , or report spill - related damage , call BP ’s helpline at
( 800 ) 440-0858 .
A BP fact sheet with additional information is available
here .
For those who have already pursued the BP claims process and are
not satisfied with BP ’s resolution , can call the Coast Guard at ( 800 )
280-7118 .
More information about what types of damages are eligible for
compensation under the Oil Pollution
Act as well as guidance on
procedures to seek that compensation can be found here .
Nothing like a little bad press to change corporate policy .
Diane Campbell made US national news this week ( seriously ) when her attempts to purchase an iPad with cash were rejected .
Apple 's no-cash policy ( credit cards and debit cards only please ) was put in place by Apple as a means of ensuring that customers were sticking to the two - device limit -- a policy that was originally put in place in October 2007 in order to deal with high demand for the iPhone and , some would say , to keep the devices off the grey market .
Well , some members of the US media got so feverish with affect rage that they lashed out at Apple with chants of " anti-American " and " anti-disadvantaged " ( Diane is described as disabled and on a fixed income ) .
Apple has reversed the policy : it now accepts cash just as long as customers sign up for an Apple account while in the store at the time of purchase .
As for Diane , she got a free iPad and " changed a little piece of the world . "
We feel safer already .
Check the local news report video after the break if you must .
Coral reefs are dying , and scientists and governments around the world are contemplating what will happen if they disappear altogether .
The idea positively scares them .
Coral reefs are part of the foundation of the ocean food chain .
Nearly half the fish the world eats make their homes around them .
Hundreds of millions of people worldwide — by some estimates , 1 billion across Asia alone — depend on them for their food and their livelihoods .
IN PICTURES : Coral reefs
If the reefs vanished , experts say , hunger , poverty and political instability could ensue .
" Whole nations will be threatened in terms of their existence , " said Carl Gustaf Lundin of the International Union for the Conservation of Nature .
Numerous studies predict coral reefs are headed for extinction worldwide , largely because of global warming , pollution and coastal development , but also because of damage from bottom - dragging fishing boats and the international trade in jewelry and souvenirs made of coral .
At least 19 percent of the world 's coral reefs are already gone , including some 50 percent of those in the Caribbean .
An additional 15 percent could be dead within 20 years , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
Old Dominion University professor Kent Carpenter , director of a worldwide census of marine species , warned that if global warming continues unchecked , all corals could be extinct within 100 years .
" You could argue that a complete collapse of the marine ecosystem would be one of the consequences of losing corals , " Carpenter said .
" You 're going to have a tremendous cascade effect for all life in the oceans . "
Exotic and colorful , coral reefs are n't lifeless rocks ; they are made up of living creatures that excrete a hard calcium carbonate exoskeleton .
Once the animals die , the rocky structures erode , depriving fish of vital spawning and feeding grounds .
Experts say cutting back on carbon emissions to arrest rising sea temperatures and acidification of the water , declaring some reefs off limits to fishing and diving , and controlling coastal development and pollution could help reverse , or at least stall , the tide .
Florida , for instance , has the largest unbroken " no - take " zone in the continental U.S. — about 140 square miles off limits to fishing in and around Dry Tortugas National Park , a cluster of islands and reefs teeming with marine life about 70 miles off Key West .
Many fishermen oppose such restrictions .
And other environmental measures have run into resistance at the state , local , national and international level .
On Sunday , during a gathering of the Convention on the International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora , restrictions proposed by the U.S. and Sweden on the trade of some coral species were rejected .
If reefs were to disappear , commonly consumed species of grouper and snapper could become just memories .
Oysters , clams and other creatures that are vital to many people 's diets would also suffer .
And experts say commercial fisheries would fail miserably at meeting demand for seafood .
" Fish will become a luxury good , " said Cassandra deYoung of the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization .
" You already have a billion people who are facing hunger , and this is just going to aggravate the situation , " she added .
" We will not be able to maintain food security around the world . "
The economic damage could be enormous .
Ocean fisheries provide direct employment to at least 38 million people worldwide , with an additional 162 million people indirectly involved in the industry , according to the U.N .
Coral reefs draw scuba divers , snorkelers and other tourists to seaside resorts in Florida , Hawaii , Southeast Asia and the Caribbean and help maintain some of the world 's finest sandy beaches by absorbing energy from waves .
Without the reefs , hotels , restaurants and other businesses that cater to tourists could suffer financially .
Many Caribbean countries get nearly half their gross national product from visitors seeking tropical underwater experiences .
People all over the world could pay the price if reefs were to disappear , since some types of coral and marine species that rely on reefs are being used by the pharmaceutical industry to develop possible cures for cancer , arthritis and viruses .
" A world without coral reefs is unimaginable , " said Jane Lubchenco , a marine biologist who heads NOAA .
" Reefs are precious sources of food , medicine and livelihoods for hundreds of thousands around the world .
They are also special places of renewal and recreation for thousands more .
Their exotic beauty and diverse bounty are global treasures . "
IN PICTURES : Coral reefs
This page requires the Google Earth API , on Windows or Mac .
Android / iPhone / Palm not yet supported .
Sorry !
On April 20th , an explosion on the Deepwater Horizon left 17 workers injured and 11 missing and presumed dead .
For over three months , oil spilled from a well 5000 feet below sea level , discharging over 500,000 gallons of crude oil a day ( 19,000 barrels ) , according to the USGS .
It is estimated that more than 120 million gallons of crude oil have spewed into the Gulf so far .
But how big is the spill , really ?
It 's hard to get a sense of the true size when it 's over the ocean floor .
Use the links below to see how large the spill is .
Compare to your own city :
Reset view ( Go back to Gulf Coast )
More info :
I am tired of apologising .
I apologised for being Muslim , post - 9/11 and more recently for my Pakistani origins .
Now , I apologise for being a southerner too .
When an environmental catastrophe erupted in my backyard , I looked to the media to tell our stories and instead , found quotes from experts ruminating on energy policy .
Where are the restaurant owners in the French Quarter who still have n't caught their breath after Katrina swallowed their lives ?
What about the fishermen ?
While recently rubbing elbows with fellow liberals from the east and west coasts , I felt that their disdain for the lives of the south was palpable .
This led to my quest : to understand why mouths drip with condescension for the south , and particularly its people .
Is it Dubya ?
Born in Connecticut , he was a member of Yale 's elite Skull & Bones Society .
Ah , Sarah Palin ?
Born in Idaho , raised in Alaska .
They claim Texas is imploding with rightwing conservatives : Texas has had 48 governors ; six were Republicans .
The former Texas governor Ann Richards once delivered the keynote address at the 1988 Democratic convention , where she famously said : " He [ Bush ] was born with a silver foot in his mouth . "
It must be southern racism then .
During my medical school interview , I was asked if I would wear a burqa and told I belonged in hell .
This humiliation occurred in Chicago , not the deep south .
During my Manhattan interview , I was unwelcome because I had done medical work in Gaza .
Bigotry traverses the Mason - Dixon line , you see .
Perhaps then this loathing stems from our monochromatic populace , lacking diversity .
Except that as a physician in Houston , home to the largest medical centre in the world , I have treated patients from Somalia , Ecuador and Egypt , among others .
Our Vietnamese population blesses us with phenomenal pho and necessitates a translator 24 hours a day .
Of the 82 majority - black counties in the US , all but one are in the south .
What about our so - called lack of political relevance ?
Did I mention that every major Texas city has a higher uninsured rate than the national rate ?
One in four Texans lack health insurance .
In 2004 , 20 % of Texas children were uninsured , compared to 11 % nationally .
The Pew Hispanic Centre estimates that Texas alone holds 14 % of all undocumented immigrants .
Of the 40 babies I delivered in medical school , five mothers spoke English .
Proponent of immigration reform ?
It starts at our borders .
Want universal healthcare ?
We are the uninsured capital of the country .
This scorn must be because we do n't contribute to the country 's greater good then .
But 35 % of active - duty military come from the south .
Of the US troop casualties in Afghanistan , 47 % were from the south , and from Iraq , 38 % .
Oddly , the same people who disparage us also have love affairs with our culture .
They ridicule us and then profess their love for Nina Simone , Austin , Johnny Cash or Louisiana 's crawfish etouffee dish when it 's trendy .
This brings me to my favourite specimens : cocktail party progressives .
You know the type – can't converse without referencing the New Yorker .
Pretentious , self - congratulatory liberals who applaud their own humanity while mocking the south .
Curiously , they feign knowledge of Hank Williams when fashionable , but their intellectual elitism forgets that Truman Capote and Tennessee Williams were southern geniuses .
I adore our southern nights and the taste of authenticity in Willie Nelson 's voice and Muddy Waters ' blues .
I love that we celebrate colossally in New Orleans : Jazz Fest , Crawfish Fest , Mardi Gras , even Jazz Funerals .
I was touched when kind neighbours baked us casseroles and stood by us as we endured post - 9/11 racism .
I am proud that Houstonians opened their homes to 250,000 New Orleans evacuees .
That 's genuine southern hospitality .
Southerners are not the ignorant , inbreeding , toothless rifle - owning trailer trash that my progressive colleagues paint them as .
They are vibrant , passionate Americans with resolve .
They have survived and flourished through the civil rights movement , disastrous hurricanes and oil spills , Enron and Halliburton scandals , the Fort Hood tragedy and their loved ones coming home in body bags .
They have epic stories .
It 's time our media act as their vessels .
Pensacola , Florida Personal Injury & Medical Malpractice Attorney
Trusted Legal Counsel
Staples , Ellis & Associates , P.A. is dedicated to helping individuals and families in Pensacola and throughout Northwest Florida find legal solutions to their most difficult challenges .
With over 70 years of combined legal experience , Staples Ellis is highly regarded for providing our clients with excellent legal representation in multiple areas of law and are ready to help .
Our legal team has a wealth of experience in personal injury and medical malpractice law , and we bring a genuine concern for our clients ’ best interest in every case .
We know the strategies that insurance companies use to minimize or deny valid injury claims .
Please take precaution when igniting your drinks .
Flaming drinks are a great way to start a party or entertain guests .
The uses of igniting your drink go far beyond just lighting yourself on fire and ending up on College Humor .
It can actually enhance the flavor .
Pumpkin Pie
1/3 shot Kahlua
1/3 shot Bailey ’s Irish Cream
1/3 shot Tequila ( white )
1 dash cinnamon
Carefully layer this shot with Kahlua on the bottom , Bailey ’s in the middle , and tequila on top .
Light the tequila on fire and sprinkle with cinnamon .
Down it .
It ’s just like warm pumpkin pie .
[ Recipe courtesy of Drink Nation Drink Nation ]
Flaming Lamborghini
1 oz Kahlua
1 oz Sambuca
1 oz Blue Curacao
1 oz Bailey ’s Irish Cream
Pour the Sambuca and Kahlua into a cocktail glass and give the drinker a straw .
Pour the Bailey ’s and blue Curacao into two separate shot glasses on either side of the cocktail glass .
Set the concoction ablaze in the cocktail glass and start to drink through the straw ( this drink should be drank in one suck ) .
Once the glass is almost empty , pour the Bailey ’s and blue Curacao into the cocktail glass and keep drinking till it ’s all gone !
[ Recipe courtesy of The Webtender . ]
Now is not the time to operate a vehicle , unless it ’s a beer bike .
Flaming Dr. Pepper
3/4 shot Amaretto
1/4 shot of 151 rum
1/2 glass of beer
Fill the shot glass about ¾ full with amaretto and top it off with enough 151 proof rum to make it burn .
Put the shot glass in a pint glass or beer mug and fill the glass with beer ( right up to the level of the shot glass ) .
Light the amaretto / 151 and let it burn awhile .
Blow it out and slam it .
Tastes just like Dr. Pepper . [ Recipe courtesy of Drink ’s Mixer Drinks Mixer ]
Flaming B - 52
1/3 shot Kahlua
1/3 shot Irish Cream
1/3 shot Grand Marnier or Cointreau
A couple of drops of 151 rum
Fill a shot glass 1/3 full of Kahlua .
Then layer the Irish Cream on top by pouring it onto the back of the spoon that is held against the rim of the shot glass .
Layer the Grand Marnier the exact same way .
Then add a drop or two of 151 and light it !
You can consume by blowing out the shot or sucking it down with a long straw .
[ Recipe courtesy of About.com ]
Here is a great video on how to make this shot .
Bailey ’s Comet
1 + 1/2 oz Bailey ’s Irish Cream
1+ 1/2 oz Butterscotch Schnapps
3/4 oz Goldschlager
1 tbsp 151 Rum
1 dash Cinnamon
Shake the Bailey‘s , butterscotch schnapps , and Goldschlager with ice in a cocktail shaker and strain into a cocktail glass .
Put a shallow layer of 151 - proof rum on top .
Light the rum on fire , then immediately sprinkle a generous dash of cinnamon on top .
The cinnamon will sparkle and flame .
Do n’t let it burn too long , or the Bailey ’s will curdle !
Prepare for a hangover .
[ Recipe courtesy of Drink Nation ]
Backdraft
Warning :
This shot is intense .
Just take a look at Jim Bo taking one .
1 + 1/2 oz Cointreau
1 + 1/2 oz Sambuca
Few shakes of Cinnamon
Ice Cubes
Here ’s one that is as complicated as Queimada ( Galicia ’s fiery drink ritual ) .
Place a saucer down on a table or bar .
Put a shot glass filled with Sambuca in the middle of the saucer .
Grab a pint glass and pour a shot or so of Cointreau into the glass .
Light the Cointreau and swirl the glass until the sides are warm .
Pour the lit Cointreau into the shot glass , igniting the Sambuca and spilling the flaming mixture onto the saucer .
While swirling the pint glass over the flames to capture the alcohol vapor , shake some cinnamon from a safe distance on to the drink and then cover the shot glass with the pint glass .
Blow out the flames and then take the pint glass off of the saucer .
Quickly drop in a few ice cubes into the glass and immediately seal in the alcohol vapor in with your palm .
Shake the glass vigorously a few times and have the consumer stick a straw through your fingers and suck in all the vapor .
Then the straw should be used to take down the shot and clean the saucer .
All of this should be done as quickly and safely as possible for full effect .
[ Recipe courtesy of Wikipedia . ]
Flaming Asshole
1/4 Grenadine
1/4 Green Crème de Menthe
1/4 Crème de Banana
1/4 151 rum
This one is as bizarre as some of the most out - there drinks .
Layer in a shot glass in this order : grenadine , Crème de Menthe , Crème de Banana , rum .
Light the rum and then suck it down with a straw .
[ Recipe courtesy of Drinks Mixer ]
Flaming Sambuca
1 oz Black Sambuca
3 Coffee Beans
Put 3 coffee beans in a shot glass and add the Sambuca .
Light the Sambuca and let burn for 10 seconds or so .
Cover the glass with your hand to extinguish , then inhale the air underneath your hand .
Drink the shot .
[ Recipe courtesy of Drinks Mixer ]
Flaming Gorilla
1 part Peppermint Schnapps
1 part Kahlua
1 part 151 Rum
Pour into shot glass , layering ingredients in this order : peppermint schnapps , Kahlua , rum .
Light on fire and extinguish after 15 seconds .
[ Recipe courtesy of Drinks Mixer ]
Flaming Mouthwash
1/2 oz Blue Curacao Liqueur
1/2 oz Green Crème de Menthe
1 tsp Everclear
Pour the green Crème de Menthe into a shot glass .
Add blue Curacao , top with Everclear , and ignite .
Take care , and extinguish before consuming .
[ Recipe courtesy of Drink Swap ]
OMAHA , Neb . --
One of the greatest Chicago Bears of all time is n't happy with the team 's state of affairs .
Gale Sayers took aim Tuesday at coach Lovie Smith , quarterback Jay Cutler and personnel moves that left the Bears without a pick until the third round of the recent NFL draft .
" Cutler has n't done the job , " Sayers said .
" [ Linebacker Brian ]
Urlacher , I do n't know how good he 's going to be coming back .
He 's 33 years old .
They need a couple wide receivers , a couple defensive backs .
They have n't done a good job .
" If Lovie does n't do it this year , I think he 's gone .
He had a good team the Super Bowl year .
Nothing came together for him the last couple years . "
The 66 - year - old Sayers was back in his hometown as the featured speaker at a booster banquet for Boys Town .
He also met with students at the nationally acclaimed home for troubled youth .
Sayers is chairman and CEO of Sayers Inc. , a computer business headquartered in Vernon Hills , Ill .
He also works in athletic fundraising at Kansas , his alma mater , and is involved in a number of charitable causes in the Chicago area .
Other than a few public appearance he makes on behalf of the Bears , he said , he has little contact with the team these days .
" I go to every game I can , " he said .
" Yes , I do live and die with them . "
So he knows well that the Bears lost Urlacher to a season - ending wrist injury in last year 's opener at Green Bay , a big loss for a team that was hoping to contend in the NFC .
The Bears , who traded Kyle Orton and 2009 - 10 first - round picks to Denver for Cutler and a draft pick who turned out to be Pro Bowler Johnny Knox , finished 7 - 9 in Cutler 's first season in Chicago and missed the playoffs for the third straight year .
The Bears have overhauled their coaching staff -- keeping Smith -- and signed pass rusher Julius Peppers to a six - year deal .
Sayers was the most explosive offensive player in the NFL in the late 1960s .
He retired from football in 1971 after the second of two devastating knee injuries and was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in his first year of eligibility ( 1977 ) .
Sayers , who scored six touchdowns and gained 336 all - purpose yards in a game against San Francisco in 1965 , is best known for his speed and elusiveness .
He was one of the first running backs to return punts and kicks .
" I had some good moves and I used them very well , " he said .
" The person who reminds me of myself is Barry Sanders .
We both used the whole field . "
He shook his head when reminded that some pundits have compared the New Orleans Saints ' Reggie Bush with him .
" You can't compare that , because he gets hurt too much , " Sayers said .
" He 's a fine young man .
He 's a little light .
He 's not a player who 's going to carry 25 times a game .
He 'll get five carries , catch three passes and run back a couple punts . "
Sayers pointed out that he made $ 50,000 in his final season and a total of $ 275,000 over his entire career .
He said he would like to be playing today .
" You know why ?
Because of the money , " he said .
" I would n't change my game .
I probably would be just as good because I would be on AstroTurf .
The money , that 's the key right now .
Everybody is making so much .
A person snapping the football is making a million dollars . "
This story is part of a special series that explores the global water crisis .
For more clean water news , photos , and information , visit National Geographic 's Freshwater website .
The fly - fisher standing in the clear - flowing river could be from the movie A River Runs Through It : Even his Western - style hat is like the one Brad Pitt 's character wore in the U.S. film .
Except this is n’t Montana ( see map ) .
Instead of pines and mountains , the backdrop is a busy high street , with red double - decker buses , betting shops , and kebab houses .
This river , the Wandle , runs through the middle of London .
A similar scene unfolds in central Stockholm .
Outside the Swedish Royal Palace , an angler carrying his heavily bent rod weaves between tourists and waterside hot dog sellers .
He straddles the wrought iron railings , goes down a ladder , and later emerges with a large , silver trout .
Across Europe , fish are returning to city waterways thanks to major cleanup efforts in recent decades .
And with them , a rare species of recreationist : the urban angler .
Atlantic salmon and sea trout ( sea run brown trout ) — migratory fish that are extremely sensitive to pollution — are among 67 fish species now found in the Rhine , which passes through 17 major European cities , according to a 2009 survey by the International Commission for the Protection of the Rhine .
" As far as fish are concerned , the species composition is almost complete today , " the report said .
Between 1870 and 1950 , the Rhine 's annual salmon catch plummeted from 280,000 tons to zero .
But in 1990 , salmon reappeared , and two years later , the fish began breeding , according to the Rhine - protection group .
And in 2009 , scientists announced that salmon had returned to Paris — a lucky angler even managed to catch one .
About a thousand salmon that had migrated up the River Seine were recorded in the French capital , which had been devoid of the species for nearly two decades .
River Wandle Goes from Sewer to Success
The River Wandle , which snakes through central London , may best illustrate the story of Europe 's reviving urban waterways .
Once one of England 's finest trout streams , its fans included Battle of Trafalgar hero Lord Nelson , who — despite the loss of an arm and the sight in one eye — would fish there on shore leave during his ultimately victorious campaign against Napoleon ’s fleets .
But the Wandle began to decline with the industrial revolution — an 11 - mile ( 18 - kilometer ) stretch of river supported more than 90 water mills , which made everything from snuff to silk to gunpowder .
Inundated with toxic chemicals and raw sewage , the Wandle was officially designated an open sewer in the 1960s .
Yet after serious cleanup efforts by government , water companies and conservation groups , the river today is teeming with life .
Fly - fishers can once again be seen casting for its fabled brown trout , said local angler Theo Pike , chair of the environmental nonprofit Wandle Trust .
( Watch a video of trout spawning . )
These inner-city trout originally came from tiny fry introduced to the river as part of a local school project .
But in the past few winters , Pike said , the fish started spawning in the river .
" It 's like New Zealand out there , " he added , referring to that country 's trout - rich waters .
In March , during a sample survey , Pike and a colleague discovered the first wild - born Wandle trout fry in in more than 80 years .
" That one little fry was the first definite proof of success , " he said .
The reason behind this success — vastly improved water quality — is due to both a collapse of extensive industry and improved sewage - treatment technology in recent decades , Pike noted .
River Thames Also Improving
But between 1860 and 1960 — like the Wandle — the Thames was reduced to sewer status .
Deprived of oxygen due to feces - feasting bacteria , the river 's London reaches formed an impassable barrier to salmon and other fish , said Neil Dunlop , of the United Kingdom ’s Environment Agency .
But the city 's main sewage - treatment facilities were enlarged and improved , Dunlop said — " that 's the major reason why the tideway has been cleaned up . "
Museum - Quality Trout
In Stockholm , modern water - purification plants put in place in the 1970s prepared the city 's waters for the reintroduction of migratory sea trout .
And in 1996 , the Aquaria Water Museum capitalized on Stockholm 's revitalized waters to create a unique visitor attraction .
Each autumn , sea trout migrating from the Baltic Sea literally swim into the museum — via an artificial stream — where visitors can observe them in a glass - fronted pool .
Their offspring — raised in a hatchery from eggs and sperm harmlessly taken from the returning trout , and then released as juveniles — will also find their back to the museum as adults because of their powerful instinct to breed where they grew up , said museum curator David Mårding .
The largest trout to return so far weighed in at a whopping 24.6 pounds ( 11.2 kilograms ) , Mårding said .
While the urban renaissance of trout and salmon is in large part due to regional environmental actions , the trend also reflects tougher European Union legislation , said Peter Kristensen , inland water project manager for the European Environment Agency .
For instance , the 1991 Urban Waste Water Treatment Directive requires all settlements with populations of more than 10,000 that discharge wastewater into environmentally sensitive areas to meet the highest collection and treatment standards .
Upstream Battles Remain
Kristensen admitted , however , that some member states are more proactive than others in obeying the directive .
The Senne ( Zenne ) River , which flows through the Belgian — and ironically , E.U. — capital Brussels , is " still one of the most polluted rivers in Europe , " Kristensen said .
Elsewhere , more work is needed .
London has a $ 3.6 billion ( £ 2.5 billion ) " super sewer " in the pipeline that would prevent untreated sewage from periodically spilling into the Thames during rainstorms .
On the Rhine , the river - protection group said its goal of 7,000 to 21,000 migrating salmon by 2020 will require further action in the form of weirs and dams to remove barriers to their upstream passage .
Most American voters think Arizona was right to pass its own immigration law , and think the Obama administration should wait and see how the new law works rather than try to stop it , according to a Fox News poll released Friday .
The new poll finds 61 percent of voters nationally think Arizona was right to take action instead of waiting for the federal government to do something on immigration .
That 's more than twice as many as the 27 percent who think securing the border is a federal responsibility and Arizona should have waited for Washington to act .
Most Republicans ( 77 percent ) and independents ( 72 percent ) support Arizona taking action .
Democrats are divided : 43 percent think the state was right , while 41 percent think Arizona should have let the federal government take the lead .
Click here to see the poll .
Republican Gov. Jan Brewer said Arizona had to act because Washington has failed to stop the stream of illegal immigrants from Mexico .
Demonstrators and others opposed to the new law have called on President Obama to stop it from being implemented .
The president has said the law is " misguided , " and called on the Justice Department to examine it .
Significantly more voters think the Obama administration should wait and see how the new law works ( 64 percent ) than think the administration should try to stop it ( 15 percent ) .
To varying degrees , majorities of Democrats ( 52 percent ) , Republicans ( 77 percent ) and independents ( 68 percent ) think the White House should see how the law works .
The Arizona law makes it a state crime to be in the U.S. illegally and requires immigrants to have proof of their immigration status .
Police officers can ask for that proof of anyone they reasonably suspect is an illegal immigrant .
Nearly half of voters — 45 percent — say they do n't know enough about the new law to offer an opinion on it .
Thirty - four percent favor it , and 21 percent oppose it .
Who 's responsible for illegal immigration ?
By a 60 - 17 percent margin , voters think the Mexican government is the one that deserves to be targeted by protests for creating the conditions that make so many of its citizens want to leave , instead of protesting the U.S. government for having tough immigration laws .
The national telephone poll was conducted for Fox News by Opinion Dynamics Corp. among 900 registered voters from May 4 to May 5 .
For the total sample , the poll has a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3 percentage points .
Stopping Illegal Immigration
Asked how to deal with illegal immigration , the poll shows large numbers favor using National Guard troops to help border patrol agents ( 79 percent ) , and imposing fines and criminal charges against employers who hire illegal aliens ( 79 percent ) .
Sixty percent favor using the U.S. military to stop illegal immigrants at the border .
Support for using the military is up slightly from 55 percent in 2006 , although it 's down from a high of 79 percent in 2002 , when memories of the 9/11 attacks were more top of mind .
Just over half of voters — 53 percent — favor building a wall or fence along the U.S. - Mexico border to stop illegal immigration .
The new poll finds the biggest concern about illegal immigration is the overburdening of government programs .
Forty - four percent cite the strain on government services — far outdistancing all other concerns .
About one in five ( 19 percent ) says their biggest concern is illegal immigrants taking jobs away from U.S. citizens , while smaller numbers mention an increase in crime ( 6 percent ) and terrorism ( 6 percent ) .
By a 7 percentage point margin , more voters say they think Republicans ( 42 percent ) would do a better job than Democrats ( 35 percent ) handling immigration issues .
And by a much wider 20 point margin , voters think Republicans ( 48 percent ) would do a better job than Democrats ( 28 percent ) on border security .
The issue of immigration falls far behind other top issues on voters ' minds .
The economy remains the priority — in fact , the poll finds nearly 10 times as many voters cite the economy ( 47 percent ) as immigration ( 5 percent ) as being the most important issue facing the country today .
Click here for the raw data .
Ukraine or " the Ukraine " ?
by
Andrew Gregorovich
THE NAME UKRAINE , which first appeared in the historical chronicles in 1187 , has been common in the English language for almost 350 years .
In the earliest years it appeared without the definite article " the " but in this century the definite article increasingly preceded the name Ukraine .
First of all we might note that the Ukrainian language has no articles so this is not a factor except indirectly .
The reason for this is that many Ukrainian immigrant scholars , due to their imperfect knowledge of English , used the form " the Ukraine " in their books thus helping to perpetuate this usage .
Does English grammar require the definite article the before Ukraine ?
Ukraine is the name of an independent country .
There are only two groups of countries which require the article in English : Those with plural names such as the United States or the Netherlands .
The others have names with adjectival or compound forms which require the article , such as the United Kingdom , the Dominion of Canada , or the Ukrainian SSR .
English grammar does not require a definite article before the names of singular countries such as England , Canada or Ukraine .
Geographical regions such as the Arctic , the Atlantic , the North , the West , and the prairies all require the definite article , but these are not countries .
Since 1917
Ukraine has had very definite borders so it cannot be regarded as merely a region .
Some people have mistakenly thought that Ukraine is a general word meaning " the borderland ; ' " the steppes " or " the prairies ; ' which would require the article .
A few neanderthal writers in the past have even promoted " the Ukraine " to reflect the original meaning " the borderland " in order to diminish the international political stature of Ukraine .
They betrayed their ignorance of Ukraine , or their bias against it , with this usage .
See for example , the view of Robert 0 . Grover in the U.S. News & World Report ( Dec. 9 , 1991 ) .
Is there any other reason to use the definite article in English with Ukraine ?
Usage has been suggested as a reason but this cannot be accepted today since the majority of books and newspapers do not use it .
For example , the authoritative five volume Encyclopedia of Ukraine edited by Danylo Struk and published by the University of Toronto Press does not use it .
The article is not used by such prominent publications as The Ukrainian Quarterly ( New York ) , Ukrainian Review ( London , England ) , Forum Ukrainian Review ( Scranton , Pa. ) , Ukrainian Voice ( Winnipeg ) , Ukrainian Echo ( Toronto ) , Journal of Ukrainian Studies ( Toronto ) , Ukrainian News ( Edmonton ) or News From Ukraine ( Kiev ) .
In fact , today there is no Ukrainian periodical in English which uses the article although Harvard Ukrainian Studies once forced it on scholarly contributors .
But what about the regular daily press in the USA , Canada and England ?
Even The New York Times ( which once required it in its Style Guide ) does not use it now .
Neither do The Times ( London ) , The Economist ( London ) , Washington Post , TIME , Newsweek or Maclean's .
News services such as Canadian Press , Reuters , CNN and Associated Press do not use the article .
When the December 1991 referendum confirmed the independence of Ukraine the White House in Washington , D.C. officially announced that it would discontinue use of the definite article before the name Ukraine .
Even the computer age has ruled that " the " Ukraine is wrong in English .
Gram - mat - ik , the very popular grammar and style checker for computers by Reference Software International of San Francisco , uses Ukraine without the article and labels " the Ukraine " as a mistake of grammar .
There appears to be virtually no grammatical or logical reason to use the definite article before the name Ukraine .
But it is still encountered occasionally because of habit or because the writer is careless or ignorant about Ukraine .
Sir Bernard Pares the eminent English historian of Russia suggested that " the Ukraine " came from French usage .
We say Ia France , le Canada and l'Ukraine in French but not ' the France ; ' the Canada ' or ' the Ukraine ' in the English language .
The definite article the does not add anything to the meaning or clarity when used before the proper noun Ukraine .
Now , the exception to the rule .
Yes , it is possible for " the Ukraine " to be correct in English but it is a very rare usage in apposition to contrast the past with the present .
For example , one could correctly say , " The America of George Washington is not the America of Bill Clinton " as well as " The Ukraine of Shevchenko is not the Ukraine of Kravchuk . "
We may conclude then , that the use of the definite article in English before the name Ukraine is awkward , incorrect and superfluous .
Writers who care about good style in their English grammar and the correctness of their language will always avoid the use of " the Ukraine " and use only the simpler and correct " Ukraine . "
Local Links :
Return to the Ukrainian FAQ Page
Return to FORUM : A Ukrainian Review Page
Return to InfoUkes Home Page
Document Information
Document URL : http://www.infoukes.com/faq/the_ukraine/index.html
Copyright © 1994 Andrew Gregorovich
Reprinted from FORUM Ukrainian Review No. 90 , Spring / Summer 1994
Published by the Ukrainian Fraternal Association
440 Wyoming Ave. , Scranton PA , 18503 USA
Telephone : ( 717 ) 342-0937
Copyright © 1998 - 2000 InfoUkes Inc .
E-mail : webmaster@infoukes.com
since May 5 1998 InfoUkes Inc .
Suite 185 , 3044 Bloor Street West
Etobicoke , Ontario , Canada M8X 2Y8
Tel : ( 416 ) 236-4865 Fax : ( 416 ) 766-5704
Creating a minimalist design may look simple to non-designers , that ’s why it ’s often so hard to sell minimalist designs to your clients : they have the feeling that they could do it themselves .
However , achieving simple yet powerful designs is a time - consuming task .
I ’ve made a selection of websites that did a great job creating efficient designs .
What these sites did right
Content going straight to the point
Hard to design a minimalist site if you have to fit in every products of your client with descriptions , 2’000 words and two menus with a bigger logo .
On the web especially , content will be more efficient if short and targetted , it will make it easier to design a simple website .
Grid - based designs
Not all of these sites did , but most of them have a grid based design .
Using a grid makes it much easier to give balance to your designs when no extra visual elements weigh in the layout .
Clear hierarchy of information
Notice something on these websites ?
Yes , they are very easy to navigate and more usable than your average website .
Removing unnecessary information forced the designers to really think what importance every element has in the website .
Showcase
10 . iMac SOS
Soccers stars and football fans are n’t the only people that will be pouring into the country for the soccer world cup .
The Huffington Post reports that some 40,000 sex workers are also making their way here to score quick money off the visiting punters .
That number seems to be greatly exaggerated and ssome say it ’s a complete fabrication .
We ’re not too concerned about the numbers , we ’re more interested in the lost - in - translation moments that could possibly happen between the prostitute and their client , and whether there is something that would help to alleviate any sticky situations .
It turns out the Romans found a simple solution ages ago around the 1st century AD when foreign nationals visited ancient Rome and required certain “ services ” during their time there .
To get past any language barriers and streamline the transaction , the Romans used coins that depicted an X - rated scene on one side , and the price of said act on the other .
These sex tokens were no bigger than a U.S. quarter and were called spintriae .
Have a look at some examples after the jump ( possibly NSFW ) .
Please do not let us know which sexual act you like the best .
Ta .
[ via PS3ZA | Photo - reports ]
5 things you did n't know about ...
java.util.concurrent , Part 1
Multithreaded programming with concurrent Collections
Content series :
This content is part # of # in the series : 5 things you did n't know about ...
Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
This content is part of the series : 5 things you did n't know about ...
Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
Concurrent Collections were a huge addition to Java™ , but many Java developers avoid this package because they assume that it , like the problems it seeks to solve , must be complicated .
In fact , java.util.concurrent contains many classes that effectively resolve common concurrency problems , without requiring you to break a sweat .
Read on to learn how java.util.concurrent classes like CopyOnWriteArrayList and BlockingQueue help you solve the pernicious challenges of multithreaded programming .
1. TimeUnit
About this series
So you think you know about Java programming ?
The fact is , most developers scratch the surface of the Java platform , learning just enough to get the job done .
In this series , Ted Neward digs beneath the core functionality of the Java platform to uncover little - known facts that could help you solve even the stickiest programming challenges .
While it 's not a Collections class , per se , the java.util.concurrent .
TimeUnit enumeration makes code vastly easier to read .
Using TimeUnit frees developers using your method or API from the tyranny of the millisecond .
TimeUnit incorporates all units of time , ranging from MILLISECONDS and MICROSECONDS up through DAYS and HOURS , which means it handles almost all time - span types that a developer might need .
And , thanks to conversion methods declared on the enum , it 's even trivial to convert HOURS back to MILLISECONDS when time speeds up .
2. CopyOnWriteArrayList
Making a fresh copy of an array is too expensive an operation , in terms of both time and memory overhead , to consider for ordinary use ; developers often resort to using a synchronized ArrayList instead .
That 's also a costly option , however , because every time you iterate across the contents of the collection , you have to synchronize all operations , including read and write , to ensure consistency .
This puts the cost structure backward for scenarios where numerous readers are reading the ArrayList but few are modifying it .
CopyOnWriteArrayList is the amazing little jewel that solves this problem .
Its Javadoc defines CopyOnWriteArrayList as a " thread - safe variant of ArrayList in which all mutative operations ( add , set , and so on ) are implemented by making a fresh copy of the array . "
The collection internally copies its contents over to a new array upon any modification , so readers accessing the contents of the array incur no synchronization costs ( because they 're never operating on mutable data ) .
Essentially , CopyOnWriteArrayList is ideal for the exact scenario where ArrayList fails us : read - often , write - rarely collections such as the Listener s for a JavaBean event .
3. BlockingQueue
The Blocking Queue interface states that it is a Queue , meaning that its items are stored in first in , first out ( FIFO ) order .
Items inserted in a particular order are retrieved in that same order — but with the added guarantee that any attempt to retrieve an item from an empty queue will block the calling thread until the item is ready to be retrieved .
Likewise , any attempt to insert an item into a queue that is full will block the calling thread until space becomes available in the queue 's storage .
Blocking Queue neatly solves the problem of how to " hand off " items gathered by one thread to another thread for processing , without explicit concern for synchronization issues .
The Guarded Blocks trail in the Java Tutorial is a good example .
It builds a single - slot bounded buffer using manual synchronization and wait ( ) / notifyAll ( ) to signal between threads when a new item is available for consumption , and when the slot is ready to be filled with a new item .
( See the Guarded Blocks implementation for details . )
Despite the fact that the code in the Guarded Blocks tutorial works , it 's long , messy , and not entirely intuitive .
Back in the early days of the Java platform , yes , Java developers had to tangle with such code ; but surely things have improved ?
Listing 1 shows a rewritten version of the Guarded Blocks code where I 've employed an ArrayBlocking Queue instead of the hand - written Drop .
Listing 1 . BlockingQueue
import java.util .* ; import java.util.concurrent .* ; class Producer implements Runnable { private BlockingQueue < String > drop ; List < String > messages = Arrays.asList (
" Mares eat oats " , " Does eat oats " , " Little lambs eat ivy " , " Would n't you eat ivy too ? " ) ; public Producer ( BlockingQueue < String > d ) { this .drop = d ; } public void run ( ) { try { for ( String s : messages ) drop.put(s ) ; drop.put ( " DONE " ) ; } catch ( InterruptedException intEx ) { System.out.
println ( " Interrupted ! " +
" Last one out , turn out the lights ! " ) ; } } } class Consumer implements Runnable { private BlockingQueue < String > drop ; public Consumer ( BlockingQueue < String > d ) { this .drop = d ; } public void run ( ) { try {
String msg = null ; while ( !( ( msg = drop.take ( ) ) .equals ( " DONE " ) ) ) System.out.println(msg ) ; } catch ( InterruptedException intEx ) { System.out.
println ( " Interrupted ! " +
" Last one out , turn out the lights ! " ) ; } } } public class ABQApp { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { BlockingQueue < String > drop = new ArrayBlocking Queue ( 1 , true ) ; ( new Thread ( new Producer ( drop ) ) ) . start ( ) ; ( new Thread ( new Consumer ( drop ) ) ) . start ( ) ; } }
The ArrayBlocking Queue also honors " fairness " — meaning that it can give reader and writer threads first in , first out access .
The alternative would be a more efficient policy that risks starving out some threads .
( That is , it would be more efficient to allow readers to run while other readers held the lock , but you 'd risk a constant stream of reader threads keeping the writer from ever doing its job . )
Bug watch !
By the way , you 're right if you noticed that Guarded Blocks contains a huge bug — what would happen if a developer synchronized on the Drop instance inside of main ( ) ?
Blocking Queue also supports methods that take a time parameter , indicating how long the thread should block before returning to signal failure to insert or retrieve the item in question .
Doing this avoids an unbounded wait , which can be death to a production system , given an unbounded wait can all too easily turn into a system hang requiring a reboot .
4. ConcurrentMap
Map hosts a subtle concurrency bug that has led many an unwary Java developer astray .
ConcurrentMap is the easy solution .
When a Map is accessed from multiple threads , it 's common to use either contains Key ( ) or get ( ) to find out whether a given key is present before storing the key / value pair .
But even with a synchronized Map , a thread could sneak in during this process and seize control of the Map .
The problem is that the lock is acquired at the start of get ( ) , then released before the lock can be acquired again , in the call to put ( ) .
The result is a race condition : it 's a race between the two threads , and the outcome will be different based on who runs first .
If two threads call a method at exactly the same moment , each will test and each will put , losing the first thread 's value in the process .
Fortunately , the ConcurrentMap interface supports a number of additional methods that are designed to do two things under a single lock : putIfAbsent ( ) , for instance , does the test first , then does a put only if the key is n't stored in the Map .
5. SynchronousQueues
SynchronousQueue is an interesting creature , according to the Javadoc :
A blocking queue in which each insert operation must wait for a corresponding remove operation by another thread , and vice versa .
A synchronous queue does not have any internal capacity , not even a capacity of one .
Essentially , SynchronousQueue is another implementation of the aforementioned Blocking Queue .
It gives us an extremely lightweight way to exchange single elements from one thread to another , using the blocking semantics used by ArrayBlocking Queue .
In Listing 2 , I 've rewritten the code from Listing 1 using SynchronousQueue instead of ArrayBlocking Queue :
Listing 2 . SynchronousQueue
import java.util .* ; import java.util.concurrent .* ; class Producer implements Runnable { private BlockingQueue < String > drop ; List < String > messages = Arrays.asList (
" Mares eat oats " , " Does eat oats " , " Little lambs eat ivy " , " Would n't you eat ivy too ? " ) ; public Producer ( BlockingQueue < String > d ) { this .drop = d ; } public void run ( ) { try { for ( String s : messages ) drop.put(s ) ; drop.put ( " DONE " ) ; } catch ( InterruptedException intEx ) { System.out.
println ( " Interrupted ! " +
" Last one out , turn out the lights ! " ) ; } } } class Consumer implements Runnable { private BlockingQueue < String > drop ; public Consumer ( BlockingQueue < String > d ) { this .drop = d ; } public void run ( ) { try {
String msg = null ; while ( !( ( msg = drop.take ( ) ) .equals ( " DONE " ) ) ) System.out.println(msg ) ; } catch ( InterruptedException intEx ) { System.out.
println ( " Interrupted ! " +
" Last one out , turn out the lights ! " ) ; } } } public class SynQApp { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { BlockingQueue < String > drop = new SynchronousQueue < String >( ) ; ( new Thread ( new Producer ( drop ) ) ) . start ( ) ; ( new Thread ( new Consumer ( drop ) ) ) . start ( ) ; } }
The implementation code looks almost identical , but the application has an added benefit , in that SynchronousQueue will allow an insert into the queue only if there is a thread waiting to consume it .
In practice , SynchronousQueue is similar to the " rendezvous channels " available in languages like Ada or CSP .
These are also sometimes known as " joins " in other environments , including .NET ( see Related topics ) .
Conclusion
Why struggle with introducing concurrency to your Collections classes when the Java runtime library offers handy , prebuilt equivalents ?
The next article in this series explores even more of the java.util.concurrent namespace .
Downloadable resources
Related topics
WASHINGTON — The Gulf of Mexico oil spill could be leaking at a rate of 25,000 barrels a day , five times the government 's current estimate , industry experts say .
Basing their calculations on government data and standard industry measurement tools , the experts said the Gulf spill may already rival the historic 1969 Santa Barbara , Calif. , and 1989 Exxon Valdez disasters .
Ian ...
Late Thursday night , rocker Bret Michaels was rushed to an undisclosed hospital , where doctors discovered he had suffered a massive brain hemorrhage , according to People magazine .
A rep for the singer confirmed to MTV News that the report is accurate and said they will not have further information until more testing is done .
At press time , Michaels , 47 , was reportedly in critical condition .
A source told People that he was first taken to the hospital after complaining of " an excruciating headache , " and upon examination , doctors learned he had suffered a subarachnoid hemorrhage , or bleeding at the base of his brain stem .
" After several CAT scans , MRIs and an angiogram , [ doctors ] decided to keep Michaels in the ICU and are running several tests to determine the cause [ of the hemorrhage ] , " the source told People . " [ It ] will be touch and go for the next few days while he is under intense observation . "
Earlier this month , Michaels — who is also diabetic — was admitted to a hospital in San Antonio with what he believed was a stomach flu , but doctors diagnosed him with acute appendicitis and rushed him into emergency surgery .
Following the procedure , his spokesperson said Michaels was " doing well and beginning the recovery process . "
Michaels remained in the hospital under his doctor 's care and then was transferred to a rehabilitation facility that specializes in diabetic patients .
While in recovery , he wrote a note to his fans thanking them for their support and expressed his desire to return to the current season of NBC's " Celebrity Apprentice , " which he is still in the running to win .
A statement posted Wednesday on Michaels ' website once again thanked fans for their well wishes and said that he was rescheduling the shows he was forced to cancel after undergoing the appendectomy .
Torture has been used by almost all the cultures in order to punish , or to extract truth from a suspect .
It has been defined as inflicting pain or suffering , both physical and mental in order to obtain a confession or to penalize the person being tortured .
While there are stringent laws against using torture these days , the ancient and the medieval ages were not so .
People were burned at stakes , impaled in fields , and crucified depending on the era they belonged to .
Moreover , the medieval torture devices are now legendary and an integral part of the human history .
These crude metal devices made sure that the victims died a slow and excruciatingly painful death .
These notoriously elaborate torture devices have been recreated in Lego by many geeks .
Here are some of the best Lego recreations of torture devices .
Some of them maybe disturbing , but the presence of Lego lessens the unpleasantness of it all .
Lego Iron Maiden
The Iron Maiden was a medieval torture device that enclosed a human in standing position , and pierced him or her to inflict pain or death .
This Lego Iron Maiden is one of the most sinister geek creations ever .
Source 1
Lego Torture Chair
The Lego Torture Chair strangely looks chic , but it is far from being that .
It is a recreation of torture chairs that are used to interrogate suspects by targeting certain body parts , or delivering electric shocks .
Source 1
Lego Crucifixion
We all know what it is to be crucified , but this particular Lego recreation looks particularly scary .
The victim perhaps was left to die until the flesh dropped from his bones and turned into a skeleton .
Source 1
Lego Breaking Chair
What could be worse than being confined to a device that literally breaks your body in two ?
This Lego Breaking Chair depicts what it may be like to undergo this form of torture .
Source 1
Lego Iron Rose
The Lego Iron Rose is a device in which the victim is caged within a metallic enclosure which slowly closes in over him or her .
The victim is crushed eventually .
Thankfully , these devices are all part of a bygone era , and not even in the recollection of human memory .
Source 1
Lego Crushing Cage
Much like the Iron Rose , the Lego Crushing Cage does the same thing .
It has a vicious knob that could be turned to crush the victim slowly , but surely .
Source 1
Lego Strappado
The Strappado is a device through which a victim is hung from the arms and then poked with sharp objects .
This Lego Strappado is something that you do not want to see its original form .
Source 1
Lego Closing Lid Torture
This device forces the person to push the lid upwards as long as he can withstand the nails below his feet .
Slowly , the lid would close in on him anyway .
The Lego Closing Lid Torture is terrifying but uses a Waffle Iron to illustrate the torture .
Source 1
Revolver Ocelot ’s Torture Bed
This is not a medieval torture device but is straight form one of the games that you and I play .
The Revolver Ocelot ’s Torture Bed can be found in the Playstation game Metal Gear Solid .
This is a pretty scary recreation of the same in Lego .
Source 1
Lego Self - execution Device
Perhaps one of the deadliest , the Lego version of the Executioner of the Self has the victim lying and eventually making the sharp objects close in on him or her .
The background executioner however makes sure that the device is working .
Truly nightmarish stuff !
Source 1
Lego Crucifixion Gadget
Of course , crucifixion is one of the most ancient torture methods .
However , even to this day people practice it in parts of the world like the Philippines as a sign of religious devotion .
The Lego Man Bearing Crucifix is a disturbing portrayal of the same .
Source 1
Lego Guillotine
Guillotines were used in medieval France , before the revolution to execute criminals and traitors .
It had a sharp knife fall down upon the neck of the victim to slice the head off .
This Lego guillotine only reminds you how terrible the medieval ages must have been .
Source 1
Lego Endurance
Endurance is a Japanese TV show in which people would be buried in sand , covered in dirty stuff , or locked in boxes with insects .
This is a Lego recreation of the famous Endurance Box from the Japanese TV show .
Source 1
Lego Nil Frame
The Nil Frame is apparently the “ unfulfilled scavenger ” , and must be from one of the TV shows or a video game .
Since I ca n’t tell what it is , it sure looks like a torture device that would tickle and probe the victim while he or she is tied to the ground using the 4 legs .
Not really something that I would wish for even my enemies .
Source 1
Lego Instruments of Torture
Of course , the torture devices of today are more psychological in nature than physical .
However , these Lego Instruments of Torture tell you that in certain countries , third degree torture may still be used .
These instruments could be used by pirates in a torture chamber in one of their mother ships .
Source 1
Lego New Empire Torture Instrument
Star Wars fans would agree that this could be the worst torture that any Jedi follower could go through .
With Darth Vader monitoring the stapler like device , the victim must surely be feeling like a piece of paper !
Source 1
These torture devices may be disturbing to some , and terrifying and unpleasant to everyone else .
However , many of these gadgets were used only in the history and thankfully they are not in use anymore .
Maybe the Lego Torture Devices could be a signal to end all forms of torture devices that physically hurt people .
It is better that torture devices remain a part of the history , and a part of modern geek art instead of being used in real .
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 14/5/2010 ( 3792 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
MAYOR Sam Katz is in the process of selling a Phoenix - area home once slated to be auctioned off after his mortgage holder tried to foreclose on it .
In 2004 , Katz and his ex-wife bought a five - bedroom home in the affluent Phoenix suburb of Scottsdale for US $ 837,500 , according to Maricopa County assessment records .
The home in the gated community of Stonegate has three bathrooms , three gas fireplaces , a pool , a jetted tub and a three - car garage , according to online real - estate listings .
But it lost 34 per cent of its value since 2004 and was put on the market for US $ 550,000 , according to county assessment records and online listings .
Financial institution Wachovia Mortgage attempted to foreclose on the property late last year , when the property 's trustee issued two notices that it would be sold to the highest bidder at a public auction in Phoenix , Maricopa County court records show .
But the public auctions were cancelled .
The original loan on the property was $ 749,000 , the records show .
That means Winnipeg 's mayor found himself in the same boat as the vast majority of Phoenix - area homeowners -- saddled with a steep decline in property values as well as a mortgage .
According to Maricopa County records , the house was assessed at $ 729,000 in 2009 , but the full cash value was reassessed at $ 588,100 this year .
Next year , the projected value will be $ 554,000 , the records show .
The 3,800 - square - foot property , built in 1992 , was at one point listed on buyphoenixforeclosure.com .
Auction notices were issued and cancelled in November and December 2009 , according to Maricopa Country court records .
Foreclosure is a process that allows the holder of a mortgage to take control of a property when the owner falls behind in their mortgage payments .
The records also show Katz received a deed of release in February 2010 , which means there were no longer any claims against the property .
Online listings state a sale of the home is pending but do not list the new owner or the sale price .
Katz declined an interview request to discuss his former property .
The mayor 's primary residence is a home in south Tuxedo .
The collapse of the U.S. housing bubble led property values to decline up to 58 per cent in some Phoenix - area neighbourhoods between the peak of the Arizona market in 2006 and April 2010 , the Arizona Republic reported earlier this month .
Thousands of Arizona residents have walked away from their homes since the U.S. recession worsened in 2008 , as their outstanding mortgage balances suddenly exceeded the value of their homes .
Across the United States , the housing collapse left 10.7 million families owing more than their homes are worth , the New York Times reported in January .
Foreclosure sales in the once - booming Phoenix metropolitan area remain common .
Billboards along freeways advertise cheap real estate for prospective home - buyers -- while banners on apartment buildings advertise cheap rent , presumably to people who were forced to walk away from their properties or chose to do so .
Dozens , if not hundreds , of Winnipeg residents , meanwhile , have taken advantage of the misery - induced bargains in the Phoenix area , according to real estate agents .
bartley.kives@freepress.mb.ca
May 18 , 2010 --
Want to know which Web users are cheating on tests , playing hooky from work or bashing their bosses ?
A new Web site called Openbook makes it easier than ever to search for the most embarrassing status updates to grace all of Facebook .
Launched last week by a trio of San Francisco - based software engineers and developers , Openbook aggregates all public Facebook posts into one constantly updated stream and lets visitors query the site for anything of interest .
The founders said the point of the site is to draw attention to the amount of information about users Facebook makes public .
To highlight the potential social consequences of making so much information visible and searchable , Openbook suggests especially sensitive search terms , such as " rectal exam , " " lost my virginity " and " divorce trial . "
Will Moffat , 32 , one of the site 's founders , said he was playing around with Facebook 's public API ( application programming interface ) when he suddenly realized just how much personal information Facebook controls .
" I was just gobsmacked by the results , " he said .
As concerns build about Facebook 's approach to privacy , Moffat said he and his partners , Peter Burns and James Home , decided to use their technical know - how to really show users what can happen with public information on Facebook .
Do Average Facebook Users Know What Public Really Means ?
" Because we work the data and manipulate it for a living , we 're much more used to the idea that anything out there is out there forever and can be linked [ and searched ] , " he said .
But the average Facebook users might not understand the full consequences of making their information available to everyone , he added .
" The implications of that are massive and a lot of people do n't get it , " Moffat said .
" It 's a very abstract problem .
The question is can we convince people that it is actually a real problem , not just a theoretical one . "
He said Facebook not only does a less than adequate job of communicating to users how public each piece of shared information will be , they change up the rules too frequently , generating mass confusion .
" I love Facebook and I 'm pretty sure the other guys like it too , it 's just the erosion of privacy over time , " he said .
" I feel a bit like a frog in hot water .
Each time it was annoying but not too bad . "
But he said that Facebook 's latest round of changes , which opened up even more public information to other developers and Web sites , " really was the last straw . "
Openbook , he said , was an attempt to encourage Facebook to take privacy seriously and educate users about the implications of their own online privacy decisions .
A quick Openbook search for " hate my boss , " for example , reveals a long list of personally - identifiable posts from disgruntled employees who do n't seem the least bit concerned that their bosses could easily read their status updates .
Moffat said he thinks Facebook needs to more clearly indicate to users when their candid , sometimes off - color , comments are about to fly off into the Internet .
Facebook Alerts Users Before They Post to ' Everyone '
But a Facebook spokesman said that Facebook does tell users when they 're about to post to the Internet for the first time .
" When we launched the new ' Posts by me ' setting , we showed a tool tip , " he said .
" The first time a user posts with ' Everyone ' selected , they will see an ' about to post to Everyone ' image .
The first time a user changes this setting from the publisher , they 'll see a ' changing setting ' image . "
And some Facebook users say they know quite well that once they hit the " share " button , their messages can be spread far and wide .
" Everything is public .
If I put a picture up there or something like that or I post , I expect the public to see it , " said James Wyke , a 29 - year - old process engineer from Carrollton , Ohio .
" If you put it on the Internet , it 's not private . "
He said he 's been a Facebook member for about four years and has never been concerned about security or privacy .
On Monday , he posted , " cheated test .
haha I just wanna be on openbook . "
But he said that , jokes aside , he 's very careful about what he says online .
" To me , it would be stupid to post something about my boss , " he said .
Facebook Users Should Post Responsibly , Tech Editor Says
But some industry observers say they would n't be surprised if there are Facebook users unintentionally sharing personal details with the world .
" I definitely think there are people sharing on Facebook , despite the warnings , who still do n't get it , " said Danny Sullivan , editor - in - chief of the tech blog Search Engine Land .
When Facebook forced users to update their privacy settings in December , he said the suggested privacy setting for status updates was " everyone , " which may have shifted some to the most public setting without realizing it .
Even so , he said that for new accounts Facebook does " provide a great deal of support . "
While the default setting is " everyone , " before users can share their first post they are told in a pop -up message box that their status updates will be " available to everyone on the Internet . "
They are also told that they can change the default setting by visiting the privacy settings page .
" If you post something from Facebook , you should take responsibility for what you 're doing , " he said .
How Are Twitter and Facebook Different ?
Still , Sullivan pointed out that though people post similarly personal ?
and sometimes intimate ?
messages on Twitter , the two sites come with very different sets of expectations .
Twitter has always been public and Facebook has historically been more private and friends - oriented , he said .
" With Twitter , it 's all or nothing .
With Facebook , you 've got all of these settings , it may not be so clear that you 're sharing to the world , " he said .
Sullivan also said that while people may be accustomed to searching Twitter comments to see what people are saying , until Openbook came along , people did n't realize that Facebook could provide a similar experience .
Facebook users can search " Posts by Everyone , " from the site itself , but it requires several clicks through Facebook search pages , he pointed out .
" [ Openbook ] is the first time where it has been very easy to see what people are sharing on Facebook , it just may not have penetrated people 's awareness , " he said .
The platypus could hold the key to a medical breakthrough in the treatment of drug - resistant superbugs .
Scientists from the Victorian Department of Primary Industries ( DPI ) have discovered the platypus has several naturally occurring anti-microbial proteins which are 10 times more potent than those currently used in medical treatment .
Anti-microbial proteins are substances similar to antiseptics which can be used to kill off bacteria .
Medical research has been struggling to develop new treatments for superbugs which are rapidly developing resistance to both traditional and new medical treatments .
The scientists believe the discovery could be the breakthrough needed to create a new range of natural medicines and treatments for antibiotic - resistant bacterial infections .
In announcing the discovery , the Victorian Minister for Agriculture , Joe Helper , says the discovery could have benefits for the treatment of hospital patients .
" If we can harness some of this potential we could better protect patients from superbugs , meaning they will recover from surgery faster and spend less time in hospital , " he said .
DPI deputy secretary Dr Bruce Kefford says scientists have been investigating how animals have adapted to the harsh Australian climate for several years .
" The scientists were initially investigating the tammar wallaby and discovered some anti-microbial traits .
This raised their curiosity and so they turned their attention to the platypus , " he said .
" After finding the platypus had similar DNA traits to the wallaby they decided to reproduce a number of its proteins in the lab .
This led to the discovery of two extremely potent anti-microbes . "
Dr Kefford says the unique conditions in Australia could mean this is the only place in the world where they are found .
It will be a number of years before the discovery can be used in the treatment of humans , but the DPI has plans to use it in veterinary science .
They aim to introduce the protein to cattle to control the microbes that exist in their stomachs and guts to improve digestion and reduce methane production .
Astronomy Guide For Beginners provides you the basics and information on astronomy plus space watching activities .
by
Last Friday night , police officers in California used a warrant to search the home of Jason Chen , the Gizmodo blogger who wrote about the iPhone prototype found in a Redwood City bar .
Orin Kerr has written an interesting post assessing the legality of the search .
I wanted to touch on an important issue he did n’t discuss :
Whether the search the police are conducting is unconstitutionally overbroad .
Orin discusses two laws that specifically shield journalists from being the target of a search , the California Reporter ’s Shield Law , found jointly at California Penal Code 1524 ( g ) and California Evidence Code 1070 , and the federal Privacy Protection Act ( PPA ) , 42 U.S.C. 2000 aa .
Both laws were written to limit the impact of Zurcher v. Stanford Daily , a U.S. Supreme Court case authorizing the use of a warrant to search a newspaper ’s offices .
The Supreme Court decided Zurcher in 1978 , and Congress enacted the PPA in 1980 ( and amended it in unrelated ways in 1996 ) .
I ’m not sure when the California law was enacted , but I bet it ’s of similar vintage .
In other words , all of the rules that govern police searches of news offices were created in the age of typewriters , desks , filing cabinets , and stacks of paper .
Now , flash forward thirty years .
The police who searched Jason Chen ’s home seized the following : A macbook , HP server , two Dell desktop computers , iPad , ThinkPad , two MacBook Pros , IOmega NAS , three external hard drives , and three flash drives .
They also seized other storage - containing devices , including two digital cameras and two smart phones .
If Jason Chen ’s computing habits are anything like mine , the police likely seized many terabytes of disk space , storing hundreds of thousands ( millions ? ) of files , containing information stretching back years .
And they took all of this information to investigate an alleged crime ( the sale of the iPhone prototype ) that could not have happened more than 37 days before the search ( the iPhone was found on March 18th ) , which they learned about from a blog post published four days before the search .
I ’m deeply concerned about overbreadth as the police begin to search through these terabytes of information .
The police now possess , intermingled with the evidence of the alleged crime they are investigating , hundreds of thousands of documents belonging to a journalist / blogger that are utterly irrelevant to their investigation .
Jason Chen has been blogging for Gizmodo since 2006 , and he ’s probably written hundreds of stories .
The police likely have thousands of email messages revealing confidential sources , detailing meetings , and trading comments with editors , and thousands of other documents bearing notes from interviews , drafts of articles , and other sensitive information .
Because of Chen ’s beat , some of these documents probably reveal secrets of great economic and business value in the Silicon Valley .
Under traditional , outmoded Fourth Amendment rules , the police can read every single document they possess , so long as they intend only to look for evidence of the crime , and under the “ plain view rule , ” they can use any evidence they find of other , unrelated crimes in court against Chen or anyone else .
If the California state courts share my concerns about overbreadth , they should consider embracing the very sensible rules for search warrants for computer hard drives ( in any case , not just those involving journalists ) adopted last year by the Ninth Circuit in United States v. Comprehensive Drug Testing .
To paraphrase , in cases involving the search and seizure of computers , the Ninth Circuit requires five things : ( 1 ) the government must waive the plain view rule , meaning they must agree not to use evidence of crimes other than the one under investigation that led to the warrant ; ( 2 ) the government must wall off the forensic experts who search the hard drive from the investigating the case ; ( 3 ) the government must explain the “ actual risks of destruction of information ” they would face if they were n’t allowed to seize entire computers ; ( 4 ) the government must use a search protocol to designate what information they can give to the investigating agents ; and ( 5 ) the government must destroy or return non-responsive data .
These rules are especially needed when the target of a police search is a journalist ( in fact , they may not go far enough ) .
And these rules may be required under Zurcher .
In justifying the search of the newspaper ’s offices in Zurcher , the Supreme Court agreed that when the Fourth Amendment ’s search and seizure rules collide with First Amendment values , like freedom of the press , the “ Fourth Amendment must be applied with ‘ scrupulous exactitude . ' ”
The court went on to explain why ordinary search warrants for news offices ( remember , back in the age of paper files ) meet this heightened standard :
There is no reason to believe , for example , that magistrates cannot guard against searches of the type , scope , and intrusiveness that would actually interfere with the timely publication of a newspaper .
Nor , if the requirements of specificity and reasonableness are properly applied , policed , and observed , will there be any occasion or opportunity for officers to rummage at large in newspaper files or to intrude into or to deter normal editorial and publication decisions .
When the California state courts combine this thirty - year - old statement of the law with the modern realities of terabyte storage devices , they should hold that the Fourth Amendment requires magistrate judges to play an integral and active role in the administration of the search of Jason Chen ’s computers and other storage devices .
At the very least , the courts should forbid the police from looking at any file timestamped before March 18 , 2010 , and in addition , they should force the police to comply with the Comprehensive Drug Testing rules .
In the terabyte age , these rules are necessary at a minimum to prevent the police from interfering with a free press .
qxc Profile Blog Joined May 2009 United States 550 Posts Last Edited : 2011-01-30 11:36:44 #
1
You get a CC and 6 scv's and a set of mineral patches and geysers .
Nearby there is an empty expansion .
When you type - reset the minerals / gas all reset and all your units are removed .
You are then given another CC and 6 scv's .
Also the time elapsed is displayed upon reset .
Thus this allows you to easily and quickly test a build order over and over without having to reload the page .
Also since it gives you the time elapsed ( in seconds ) it allows easy comparison .
*** Terran / Protoss / Zerg Supported ***
- reset T
- reset P
- reset Z
give you a T / P/Z starting base + workers respectively .
I also moved the expo further away to prevent weird auto mining stuff
Download below
w/ reset hotkeys enabled
[ url blocked ]
w/ reset hotkeys disabled
[ url blocked ]
**** New version uses terrain as provided by superior wolf as well as the introduction of timer .
Also supports all 3 races .
Download link updated .
**** 2.2
Now resets research when using the - reset commands
**** 2.3
Reset now removes units instead of killing them
Zerg hotkey now restarts the game
added support for hotkeys
Changed the reset commands
*** New reset hotkeys *** Typing T/P/Z will reset for the given race respectively
Shift+1 / Shift+2 / Shift+3 also reset the game for P / T/ Z respectively ( it 's alphabetical )
**** 2.4
fixed problem where geysers were being removed upon reset
*****************************************************************************************************************
Update May30th |
Thanks to all the positive feedback thus far .
I created this map originally as a tool to help me practice builds in an efficient manner .
Due to RL stuff + various sc2 competitions I have no further plans to update and / or maintain the build order tester .
Please see isbunk 's thread for the newest updates at
Notable changes include that the tester is now on real maps such as desert oasis and kulas ravine .
Interested in seeing more of my maps in the future ?
I post all my creations on my twitter qxc0000 .
http://twitter.com/qxc0000
Previous maps include
The set of Terran micro maps below
http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=125866
And the emp challenge map
http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=122483
*****************************************************************************************************************
** edit January 30th 2011 - I uploaded the build order tester to europe for use there .
The map is called Build Order Tester by qxc - if you search for qxc you 'll find it .** You get a CC and 6 scv's and a set of mineral patches and geysers .
Nearby there is an empty expansion .
When you type - reset the minerals / gas all reset and all your units are removed .
You are then given another CC and 6 scv's .
Also the time elapsed is displayed upon reset .
Thus this allows you to easily and quickly test a build order over and over without having to reload the page .
Also since it gives you the time elapsed ( in seconds ) it allows easy comparison .*** Terran / Protoss / Zerg Supported ***- reset T-reset P-reset Zgive you a T / P/Z starting base + workers respectively .
I also moved the expo further away to prevent weird auto mining stuffDownload beloww / reset hotkeys enabled [url blocked ] w/ reset hotkeys disabled [ url blocked ] ****
New version uses terrain as provided by superior wolf as well as the introduction of timer .
Also supports all 3 races .
Download link updated .**** 2.2 Now resets research when using the - reset commands **** 2.3 Reset now removes units instead of killing themZerg hotkey now restarts the gameadded support for hotkeys Changed the reset commands ***
New reset hotkeys *** Typing T/P/Z will reset for the given race respectively Shift +1 / Shift +2 / Shift+3 also reset the game for P / T/ Z respectively ( it 's alphabetical ) **** 2.4 fixed problem where geysers were being removed upon reset***************************************************************************************************************** Update May30th |
Thanks to all the positive feedback thus far .
I created this map originally as a tool to help me practice builds in an efficient manner .
Due to RL stuff + various sc2 competitions I have no further plans to update and / or maintain the build order tester .
Please see isbunk 's thread for the newest updates at http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=127833
Notable changes include that the tester is now on real maps such as desert oasis and kulas ravine .
Interested in seeing more of my maps in the future ?
I post all my creations on my twitter qxc0000 .
Previous maps includeThe set of Terran micro maps belowAnd the emp challenge map*****************************************************************************************************************
Progamer Designer of Aeon's End
Katkishka Profile Blog Joined December 2009 United States 600 Posts # 2
Ooh , this should be really helpful .
I 've got all sorts of silly cheeses that I 've been meaning to perfect .
I 'll try it out soon , thanks a lot .
t3tsubo Profile Blog Joined April 2009 Canada 682 Posts # 3 there is no place for racism on this forum !!!
Add toss and zerg !
good idea for a simple training map though , props .
Wire Profile Joined July 2009 United States 494 Posts # 4
I would test this if it were n't so late here but does the map inherently come with a timer display ?
That is while you 're testing the build is there a clock somewhere ticking away so you know that at exactly 5 minutes you have your first ultralisk out ( lol ) ?
" You sacced your ovie , which is great , but then you did n't watch it die , which is bad :( "
qxc Profile Blog Joined May 2009 United States 550 Posts # 5 I could n't figure out how to make the timer work and did n't feel like investigating further .
When I tried to start a timer via trigger and have it display said timer it would just display a timer window with 0 seconds displayed and it would never tick .
If someone knows what the deal is with timers I 'll fix it ...
Progamer Designer of Aeon's End
Intense Profile Joined March 2010 Australia 50 Posts # 6 I 've been looking for something like this .
Could you please add the other 2 races as well ?
not all of us main Terran
m3rciless Profile Joined August 2009 United States 1403 Posts # 7
Nony will use this .
White - Ra fighting !
kineSiS- Profile Blog Joined September 2009 Korea ( South ) 1068 Posts # 8
This sounds good .
It 's a good substitute for many people .
Phantom X Profile Joined May 2010 United States 10 Posts # 9 I have an issue with scvs going to mine the far away minerals for the expo after i get an scv on each mineral patch or if i screw up my split a little bit and send 4 scvs to the top mineral patch .
Simple fix , just put a cliff or make the other mineral fields farther away .
And is there any way to change the speed to faster , i feel like my scvs are crawling towards the minerals .
qxc Profile Blog Joined May 2009 United States 550 Posts # 10 New version up that supports p/z... check the original post for link Progamer Designer of Aeon's End
Seam Profile Blog Joined April 2010 United States 1092 Posts # 11
Wow , this is awesome !
Thank you o.o I only needed one probe to take down idra .
I had to upgrade to a zealot for strelok .
- Liquid`Tyler
Invictus Profile Blog Joined September 2009 Singapore 1894 Posts # 12
Awesome , will definitely try this out to polish up on my build orders Lee Jaedong Fighting !
reddog1999 Profile Joined June 2009 United States 141 Posts # 13 thx , only problem that needs to be fixed is zerg doesnt start with an ovy and can you change the game speed setting seems kind of slow
Bloodwolf Profile Joined November 2008 Costa Rica 32 Posts # 14 .
This is a great map for practice !
Thx a lot bud Aller Anfang ist Schwer
Seam Profile Blog Joined April 2010 United States 1092 Posts # 15
Also when starting as zerg it does n't start you with 3 larva , only one .
I only needed one probe to take down idra .
I had to upgrade to a zealot for strelok .
- Liquid`Tyler
Superiorwolf Profile Blog Joined March 2007 United States 5504 Posts Last Edited : 2010-05-23 07:18:59 # 16
Aw man , I just spent an hour making the map pretty and making it Zerg version with an additional timer that shows time elapsed each time after a reset and then making all the minerals reset amount of resources too ... only to come back and find out that you just made a zerg version !
Anyway , if anyone wants to see what I did with the map ... ( basically just made it zerg version , new timer , 3 larva on spawn ( not attached to hatch though ) , terrain and new expo layout ( 7 mineral natural ) , no broodlings spawn after buildings die , fixed pan camera , all resource reset , game speed default set to faster , etc ) On May 23 2010 14:50 qxc wrote :
I could n't figure out how to make the timer work and did n't feel like investigating further .
When I tried to start a timer via trigger and have it display said timer it would just display a timer window with 0 seconds displayed and it would never tick .
If someone knows what the deal is with timers I 'll fix it ... qxc , this can show you how to make the timer window and timer click you need to use a variable and i used three triggers
[ url blocked ]
thanks for making the map qxc !
i had some fun wasting time and im not a very good mapmaker so it was cool to see how you made some triggers ( i had no idea how to kill all units on map until now , i was trying to do that earlier but they didnt have a specific trigger like in old SCedit . )
Also it let me see all the improvements made to the editor ( now I can open a file directly and also the data editor is much more organized ! )
xD [ url blocked ] thanks for making the map qxc !
i had some fun wasting timeand im not a very good mapmaker so it was cool to see how you made some triggers ( i had no idea how to kill all units on map until now , i was trying to do that earlier but they didnt have a specific trigger like in old SCedit . )
Also it let me see all the improvements made to the editor ( now I can open a file directly and also the data editor is much more organized ! )
xD
Check out my stream at www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=315053 and follow me on Twitter @EGSuppy ! :)
SultanVinegar Profile Blog Joined May 2009 United States 372 Posts # 17
This is such a great idea . . . thank you !!
I 'm a Flash man .
michaelhasanalias Profile Joined May 2010 Korea ( South ) 1231 Posts # 18 I tried searching for the answer , but how do I install and create a game with this map ?
I found a maps folder in documents / sc2beta / maps so I put it there , but when I go to create a game , I do n't have an option to search by folder or anything .
I looked on other maps websites and could n't find the answer , but perhaps I am just not looking hard enough .
Will someone please assist me ?
Also , thank you very much for making this map .
I 'm sure when I figure out how to use it it 'll be exactly what I 'm looking for .
KR NsPMichael.805 | AM Michael.2640 | SEA Michael.523 | 엔에스피 New Star Players
burbs Profile Joined April 2010 Canada 11 Posts Last Edited : 2010-05-23 08:32:21 # 19
Open the map with the map editor found in the same directory as sc2.exe , then ctrl - F9 to test the document .
To run the map faster go to File > Preferences > Test Document > Game Speed
EDIT : Forgot to thank the OP for their hard work , ty .
Seltsam Profile Blog Joined April 2010 United States 342 Posts Last Edited : 2010-05-23 09:19:58 # 20
This is really great .
I am using it constantly , and really shaving precious seconds off of my first stalker .
A quick note , though :
There is a small bug .
The probe I have in the assimilator when I type - reset p is n't destroyed so I end up with 7 probes ( one is hanging out by the geyser ) .
It 's not a big deal since all I have to do is not use that probe , but it does show up in my food count which can throw me off if I do n't remember that there is an extra probe .
And of course you can just hit - reset p twice .
Also , for some reason , the gas is n't being reset when i - reset p .
All in all , though , a seriously awesome whosawhatsit Team Limited ftw !
www.teamltd.net
1 2 3 4 5 9 10 11 Next All
Gardai have again attacked campaigners protesting at the bank bailouts this time with batons and dogs .
This morning around 7 am four people got onto on the overhang of Anglo irish Bank and chained themselves together with a banner read that read ' People of Ireland Rise Up . '
In the last half hour a force of some 50 police , secret police and dogs attacked them and their supporters on the ground with batons , fists and feet .
At least six were arrested as a melee broke out on Dawson street .
The initial attack seems to have started when ten Gardai , one with a video camera , removed two of the windows frames and came out onto the ledge .
They yanked the four people chained together around , a witness on the ground described how he was " afraid that someone was going to fall off the ledge , it seemed very reckless " .
People outside the door of Anglo irish who had gathered to support the protesters split into two groups .
One group of 15 or 20 went to the side gate on Dawson street and formed a line blocking it .
When the Gardai emerged from the building they attacked this line with batons but the line held .
Gardai reenforcements were summoned including a contingent of secret police and dogs .
One person in the line described to this reporter how this mob of 50 or so Gardai then charged the line , fists and batons swinging and how we was knocked to the ground beneath other people as the line collapsed .
As people tried to protect themselves from the Gardai attack a melee developed along Dawson street
One campaigner who has stood with the people of Erris at Rossport said " the Gardai went berserk I have n't seen anything like it since Mayo , it was pretty heavy people were being hit by batons and the Gardai were kicking people .
Afterwards I heard the cops saying it was a great bit of crack . "
It appears the four people on ledger were arrested as well as two or three people who had been outside .
All this took place in the space of ten minutes .
Inspector Gannon who led the assault on Shell to Sea campaigners at Polthomas pier in Rossport was spotted among the Gardai and witnesses reported they had the clear impression that the Gardai were acting under orders that no further protests against the bank bailouts were to be tolerated .
Up to 100 Gardai are now around Anglo Irish bank with a second protest having being called by eirigi for 14.00 today .
It has been confirmed that this protest will still be going ahead as will Tuesdays protest at the Dail .
We would call on people to join the anti-capitalist block at 19.00 at the Wolfe Tone statue on Tuesday ( opposite Shelbourne Hotel ) where we will discuss how to best respond to the attacks on bank bailout protests before proceeding to the Dail .
Both these protests will be covered live via the WSM twitter feed
This portrait was in the Benét book , but radically touched up .
Dickinson now wore a white dress with a frothy neck - covering lace collar .
She had been given a fluffed - out girlish hairdo and her facial features had been softened .
This altered image dated back to 1890 .
It was prepared as the author portrait for the first , posthumous volume of Dickinson ’s verse .
And it was of a piece with changes made to the poetry by its editors , who normalized her expressive punctuation , smoothed her rhythms and held back certain types of poems , notably those angry or erotic in content .
Prettification was a marketing strategy , and 60 years later Benét perpetuated it .
Her life of Dickinson was the story of a well - bred young woman who , after a single disappointment in love , took the genteel option of retiring to her home , where she wrote , raised flowers , addressed a Calvinist deity and died content with her lot .
Image
The manuscript of a poem written in Dickinson ’s hand with a dried rose attached .
Credit ... Houghton Library , Harvard University .
Gift of Gilbert Montague
That Dickinson was a useful figure to two American eras with much in common .
In the 1890s a rich nation unnerved by urbanism , immigration and racial violence was looking back with nostalgia for a simpler , whiter , rural version of itself .
Dickinson , sold as a kind of village folk figure whose withdrawal was a rejection of the modern world , became a spokeswoman for that past .
She played a related role in the cold war years .
As paranoia about Communism and nuclear destruction grew in lockstep with expanding American might , the country again dreamed up a yesterday , this one peopled by God-fearing pioneers .
Dickinson , the nunlike individualist , again filled the bill .
That was the Dickinson image I was encountering , but even back then I could see that it did n’t jibe with the poetry .
A three - volume edition of the complete poems , cleaned of Victorian “ improvements , ” finally arrived in 1955 .
My town library acquired a copy , and I pored over it .
I found Benét ’s wistful poetess there , but I also found another writer , a terse , intense , startlingly imprudent one , who wrote about holding a bomb in her bosom , being afraid to own a body , and feeling a cleaving in her mind .
At her most extreme , she was a terrorist :
Had I a mighty gun
I think I ’d shoot the human race
My hero had appeared .
Then I came across a second Dickinson biography , this one tucked away in the library stacks , Rebecca Patterson ’s 1951 “ Riddle of Emily Dickinson . ”
The old gussied - up portrait was on the cover , but set on a black ground and surround by pattern of luridly colored leaves , a noirish design of a kind I associated with murder mysteries .
I took the book home and was stunned by what I read .
The eruption of Mount St. Helens on May 18 , 1980 has a special place in the evolution of our scientific understanding of volcanoes .
Though it wo n’t go down in the record books as the biggest , longest or deadliest eruption , it is one of the best - studied eruptions in history and the only major volcanic explosion in the continental United States since geologists and seismologists became equipped with modern technology to analyze such an event .
In the three decades since the eruption , the mountain has been an incredible place for scientists to study how life recovers from a catastrophe and recolonizes the landscape .
Some of this can be seen in the time - lapse video above , which combines photo - like images from the Landsat series of satellites , run by the USGS and NASA , from 1984 through 2009 .
Prior to 1984 , the Landsat satellites did n’t have the ability to see blue wavelengths of light , and consequently images appear red , such as the ones below of the mountain before the eruption in 1979 and shortly after in 1980 .
The area around the mountain was devastated by the collapse of the northern flank of the mountain in what amounted to one of the largest landslides ever recorded , which buried 24 square miles of land under as much as 600 feet of debris .
The nine - hour eruption blew 520 million tons of ash over 230 square miles and knocked down 14 billion board feet of timber .
Fifty - seven people died , including one geologist , and more than $ 1 billion in damage ( 1980 dollars ) was done , making it the most destructive eruption in U.S. history .
Video of a few minutes of the eruption can be seen below .
In the time - lapse above , you will first notice some recovery in the northwestern part of the blast zone , away from the volcano .
Then the area around Spirit Lake becomes greener in the late 1990s .
In the most recent images , the only area that still appears to be desolate is known as Pumice Plain .
Research on the ground has found the first signs of life in recent years as flowers , insects and small animals have begun to reinhabit the plain .
But these changes ca n’t yet be seen from space .
Videos : Fernando Cardoso , Wired.com
Images : USGS / NASA
See Also :
Follow us on Twitter @betsymason and @wiredscience , and on Facebook .
Betriebsrat will " rechtliche Schritte " gegen niedersächsische Sozialministerin Özkan einleiten Peter Muehlbauer
Hintergrund sind die unter dem Branchen - Mindestlohn liegenden Stundenlöhne , welche die CDU - Politikerin als Managerin beim Briefzusteller TNT durchsetzte
Früher konnte man davon ausgehen , dass ein Brief , den man innerhalb des Bundesgebiets verschickte , auch ankam .
Heute " verliert " nach Recherchen von Werner Rügemer alleine die Post 30.000 Sendungen täglich .
Früher waren Briefträger Beamte , denen so etwas wie Existenzangst fremd war .
Heute arbeiten sie für einen Mindestlohn – oder eine darunter liegende Vergütung .
Die setzte die niedersächsische Sozialministerin Aygül Özkan 2008 beim Briefzusteller TNT
Post durch , als sie dort noch als Managerin tätig war .
Als Ministerpräsident Christian Wulf das Hamburger CDU - Mitglied kürzlich in sein Kabinett berief , wurde unter anderem wegen dieser Sieben - Euro - Fünfzig - Verträge Kritik an Özkan laut .
So meinte beispielsweise der Frankfurter Verfassungsrechtsprofessor Otto Ernst Kempen , die Politikerin habe damals " Arbeitsverhältnisse am Rande der Legalität " geschaffen .
Özkan bestritt dies mit der Behauptung , dass ja der TNT Post Betriebsrat " zu jeder Zeit partnerschaftlich " in die Lohnverhandlungen eingebunden gewesen sei .
Nun will eben dieser Betriebsrat der frischgebackenen Sozialministerin eben diese Behauptung rechtlich untersagen lassen .
Dem Betriebsratsvorsitzenden Gerhard Czerwinski zufolge war das Gremium nämlich " niemals in solche Verhandlungen eingebunden " .
Stattdessen habe Özkan lediglich mit der Christlichen Gewerkschaft Postservice und Telekommunikation verhandelt , die seinen Angaben zufolge in der Hamburger Niederlassung kaum Beschäftigte vertritt , weshalb strittig ist , ob sie überhaupt Verträge abschließen durfte .
Im niedersächsischen Sozialministerium war am Sonntag niemand für eine Stellungnahme dazu erreichbar .
The RS Owners Club story begins with an amazing find : an E30 M3 with just 37 miles , yet concludes with something even more amazing : a second E30 M3 with 57 miles and , wait for it , a Ford RS200 .
Advertisement
How To Build A 500 HP V10 E30 M3 Dropping the 500 HP S85 V10 from the E60 M5 into the engine bay of an E30 M3 requires building an… Read more
Now , if you 're an average Jalopnik reader , you 've likely just crapped your pants with jealousy .
I know I have .
The Ford RS200 was a Group B homologation special with a mid-mounted 1.8 - liter four - cylinder sending 350 HP to all four wheels .
Only 200 were ever made , purely to satisfy homologation requirements and almost all have been hidden away in private collections never again to see the light of day .
This example has only covered 1,042 miles .
Advertisement
Slightly less rare , but almost as desirable , the E30 M3 is rated as the best handling car ever by many auto hacks , including this one .
It was actually an homologation special too , this time for Group A Touring Cars .
The man who found and purchased all three of these cars is a fast Ford collector in Swansea , England .
No word on his plans for the RS200 , but one of the BMW 's is being sent to a dealer to have all its gaskets , seals and other items that could be suffering from dry rot replaced in anticipation of its engine being started for the first time in 20 years .
We wish we could be there to see it happen .
[ RS Owners Club ]
Finance Minister Bill English chose a lavender polka dot tie to deliver today 's Budget in Parliament .
Sharp and fashion forward , or too jolly ?
Dominion Post fashion editor Carolyn Enting talked to tailoring expert Rex Massey - Molloy , of Earl & English , about English 's choice .
Number crunching , rather than wardrobe worried , was the clear message English sent Stuff when we asked him who designed his ensemble for the delivery of today 's Budget .
" Bill is not really interested in passing on those details .
His mind is focused on the Budget today , " was press secretary Grant Fleming 's reply .
The Dominion Post SAD TIME : Deputy Prime Minister Bill English , pictured here earlier this year , said the House extended its sympathy and support to all those swept up in the tragedy .
Even so , we believe English put some considered thought into this threads , or possibly wife Mary , a stylish dresser herself .
" The tie is a surprise , not only because of the colour , but the pattern , " Massey - Molloy said .
" Polka dots are normally considered less serious and informal .
Lavender is also not regarded as a particularly masculine colour but , paired with a safe white shirt and dark woven self - stripe midnight blue suit , it worked really well .
For me it was a pleasant surprise . "
Reuters Wayne Swan
Despite the interesting tie selection , Massey - Molloy said English 's outfit befitted his role as Finance Minister because his single - breasted suit was " conservative " and " elegant " .
" It looked new or near new .
It was sharp and well fitted , and shows he takes his appearance and his job seriously .
A dark suit lends an air of authority , " Massey - Molloy said .
So how does his outfit stack up against the budget reading wardrobes of Britain 's previous Chancellor of the Exchequer , Alistair Darling , and Australian treasurer , Wayne Swan ?
Both wore a dark suit , white shirt combination with a patterned tie .
Darling also went for shades of purple , with a teal , lilac and navy stippled circular pattern ; not as uniform as polka dots , much more free form and organic .
Swan opted for diagonal burgundy and white stripes .
The verdict :
Bill English 7/10 ( safe but with flair )
Alistair Darling 5/10 ( tie looks like a cross between an Air New Zealand and Qantas uniform )
Wayne Swan 6/10 ( sharp but conservative and boring )
For most of our current geologic period , the Holocene , temperatures seem to have fluctuated within a narrow range , indicating a fairly stable climate .
But the end of the glacial period that preceded the Holocene saw a series of rapid temperature changes , with swings of up to 10 °C in as little as a few centuries ; the world would seem to be just about out of the glacial period , only to be plunged back into the cold for centuries .
In the last few weeks , however , a couple of papers have indicated that these cold snaps may have had a single underlying cause : the sudden draining of massive glacial lakes left behind by the ice .
The idea that the melting that produced glacial lakes could ultimately have an enormous cooling effect on the climate may seem counterintuitive , but it 's based on fairly straightforward geography .
Large areas of North America drain northwards , through the St. Lawrence River basin or into Hudson Bay .
During the last glacial period , these outlets were trapped under a massive ice sheet , leaving the water nowhere to go .
So it built up into enormous glacial lakes , such as Lake Agassiz ( shown below ) , until the lake surface reached a level where drainage would take place to the south .
But , as the ice sheets that kept these lakes in place melted , the remaining , weakened glaciers came under increased pressure from the enormous reservoirs they held in check .
When the ice failed , staggering amounts of fresh water flowed into the ocean in a short time period .
Geologists think that the massive volume of fresh water dumped into the North Atlantic would be sufficient to interfere with the normal circulation that brings warm water north from the tropics .
This in turn would give the Northern Hemisphere a chill , allowing the ice sheets to re-form ; the expanded ice would reflect more sunlight back into space , enhancing the cooling .
The net result , the hypothesis goes , is an extended cold snap that would persist until the general warming trend overwhelmed it .
That may sound like a tidy explanation , but it has n't been universally accepted .
A number of researchers think they 've found evidence that the impact of a comet or meteor coincided with the biggest of the chills .
Others , however , contest those findings .
So what we seem to have is a genuine scientific controversy , and it sets the stage for the recent papers .
The first paper , in today 's issue of Science , takes a look at a relatively minor cold snap occurred approximately 9300 years ago — minor being a drop of 2 °C , about twice the magnitude of what we call the Little Ice Age .
The authors use sediment records from a number of sites near Lake Superior to determine when various small bodies of water were connected to Superior itself .
Based on the elevation of these sites , they can make inferences about the altitude of Lake Superior 's surface .
Putting the records together , the authors conclude that the lake experienced a sudden and significant drop in surface levels .
Lake Superior seems to have lost about 45 m worth of water in a single event that coincides with the temperature drop that occurred 9300 years ago .
( The authors found evidence that the water bypassed Lakes Erie and Ontario , and took a more direct route to the sea across southern Canada . )
So , that seems to support the proposal that dumping a lot of fresh water into the Atlantic can drive a significant chill .
Image : Areas that , at different times , were covered by Lake Agassiz .
Image : North Dakota
Draining Agassiz
Taking a bit off the top of Lake Superior may be a pretty big deal , but it was probably nothing on the event that may have set off the Younger Dryas , a chill that lasted over 1,000 years .
That is thought to have been triggered by the emptying of Lake Agassiz .
At various times , Agassiz covered portions of two Canadian provinces , and extended south into the US .
The one problem here : nobody had conclusively identified the path the waters took on their way to the North Atlantic .
A paper from a recent edition of Nature provides a good explanation for that : they did n't exit into the North Atlantic .
Instead , its authors argue that they 've found physical evidence that the flood dumped the water into the Arctic near the Canada - Alaska border , along the course of the Mackenzie River .
According to their calculations of land and ice sheet elevations , this route allowed the water to skirt the edge of the ice sheet for most of its trip to the sea .
If they 're right , that 's good news for the general idea that draining glacial lakes can have a huge impact on the climate .
But it would seem to throw a bit of a monkey wrench into matters , since the fresh water would end up in the Arctic Ocean , where it 's unlikely to have an immediate , direct effect on the Atlantic currents .
The authors cite earlier work that had suggested , given the lower ocean levels and positions of other ice sheets , the only place for the fresh water to exit the Arctic was past Greenland and into the North Atlantic .
So , the end result would have been the same , even if the route was different .
Combined , the two papers make the case that freshwater entry into the Atlantic can have a major impact on the hemisphere 's climate and , with strong enough feedback effects , alter the global climate .
Science , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1126/science.1187860
Nature , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1038/nature08954 ( About DOIs ) .
Listing image by NASA
Submit the best
Yelp reviews you find to the email address below and include whatever you want to be credited as and we 'll pick them at random !
French Bred .
My high school French class came here .
We were supposed to order in French but this one kid said “ gimme some of dat bread ” .
The teacher was all “ en francais ” so the kid said , “ je voudrais some of dat bread ” .
The French teacher later had a nervous breakdown or something I ’m not sure and had to quit and the substitute looked like Ma'am from Webster .
* Thanks again to blameaspartame.tumblr.com who always finds the best Yelp reviews !
It ’s a cool , coool summer “ These people do n’t know how to run a hotel .
I ’m here now .
It sucks .
The A/C has one setting , and is very cold and very loud , so I spent the night on top of the covers .
The wireless - working now , surprisingly - is off and on , which I do not find relaxing .
There is no pool .
There is one bedside lamp , and it is not on my side .
The bed is old and squeaky .
We found a lost camera in the closet .
Based on the dates of the photos on it , I think it has been there for 3 months .
And , the cleaners woke me up by blaring loud music this morning , which is why I ’m in such a crummy mood .
SUCH a crummy mood .
This is not vacation .
So , screw you too , Las Palomas - I ’m posting this and checking out out out . ”
* Thanks to the amazing Farley ’s for this one !
www.aaronfarley.com
Lord of the Fries “ uuummmm
What happened to this place ?????
I heard they ditched all the old staff , and now there is good service and shit …and you are greeted and asked if you " have ever dined here before ” ??????
WHA !!?!?!?!???!
also , I heard they do that creepy kneel at your table while taking your order and wear something akin to the aprons that the droids wear at P.F. CHANGS !!
I want my carlys back .
although I did hear the menu is improved …. “
Super nintendo , sega genesis when I was locked out , man I could n’t picture this .
“ So it was a Thursday night at around 3 AM when I had locked myself out .
I called these guys to open the door for me .
Obviously any lock service can unlock the door and since my lock is very simple , it took about 5 minutes to let me in .
This is where the story gets interesting .
They were charging me $ 140 since it was non business hours and I had left my wallet at work so I was just going to use our family credit card .
The guy went on a really long ramble ( I had to cut him off repeatedly because he just kept repeating the same story over and over and it got a little awkward ) about how they can only accept credit cards if the signature holder is actually present otherwise they ’ve been burned too many times by chargebacks .
I offered to have my parents talk to the guy but he said he can’t take cards unless it is actually mine .
All the other places I had called before would explicitly tell me what kind of payment methods they would take before they sent their worker out .
After going through multiple scenarios like driving me to my work and going to an ATM , the guy ended up taking my xbox from me for " collateral ” and said would stop by my work the next day to pick up cash from me .
The guy was extremely weird and awkward and I just wanted to sleep so I obliged .
The next day the guy calls me at 6:30 pm to tell me he ca n’t make it .
Even though I wanted the xbox back for the weekend , I told him to not worry about it and that he could come by and drop it off on Monday .
So on Monday , he somehow evades two levels of security at my work and just barges into our office and starts yelling and screaming about how everything is my fault .
No phone call , nothing .
The dude just showed up and everyone in the office looked at him with a “ WTF / Call security ” face .
I straight up told him how ridiculous he was and that he was making a fool of himself .
The last time I talked to him on Friday , everything was good and he was thanking me for not making him drop off the xbox over the weekend .
My boss was about to call security to have him escorted out so I just gave him the cash and had him leave .
He heavily apologized for his rant when I said goodbye to him and he seemed really embarrassed after he calmed down .
Oh and to top it off , the guy not only put a huge dent in my xbox , he broke my xbox .
I can see how this place can get all 5 stars if it ’s a very simple in and out job and but I think a business has an opportunity to really stand out when it has to go beyond the call of duty and this place completely failed . “
* I accidentally drew a sega instead of an xbox … but you get it
Going Postal
“ There is a woman working here who is a total riot .
If she is behind the counter as you wait in the 50 minute line ( behind 3 other people ) , you will be both extremely amused by her , all the while crossing your fingers and toes that you do n’t get her .
But if you can chill out a little and not get too hung up about the line , take a moment to enjoy her stand up comedy .
You ’ll know her , because everything she says sounds like it is being read directly from a script , and she inflicts no emotion or punctuation into her words .
Today , in line , I witnessed this interaction :
Employee : Ma'am you will have to remove the labels from this package before it can be mailed
As a service to you I will lend you my personal pair of scissors which you will need to return to me
Customer : Oh , yes , sure .
Thanks .
( Holds scissors , looks perplexedly at box in front of her , which is covered with mailing tape and labels ) .
Um , is there a certain way you ’d reco …
Employee : Ma'am I am lending those scissors to you as a favor I do not need to lend you my personal pair of scissors but you do need to remove those labels
Customer :
No no , that ’s cool - I was just wondering if there was a technique involved or something ?
Employee : Ma'am those labels must be removed I do n’t care how you do it
Charming .
Hilarious .
PLEASE let me get the less dour woman standing at the window next to you . ”
Crushtomers “ i always escape the dark and stormy weather of this town by eating at this nice spot .
Not only do they have an amazing Club sandwich ( hold the mayo ) but the cutest waiter works there .
he is a dreamboat .
He payed for an elderly ladies breakfast one time because she was short on change .
Swoon and a sandwich for $ 7.95 not bad . ”
MarlBRO “ this place is hella cool .
you can smoke indoors which you cant much do anywhere else now since some damn new laws passed makin me give up my rights .
anyway , the peeps are hella cool too .
lots in coomon with the bartender that also smokes marlborols .
hella cool chick .
check it out bro . ”
Faux Real “ lady are you really gonna pull out your taxidermied pet for a photoshoot ?
Let it go !
I do have to say the staff was polite and accomodated this nuts every need so they get some stars for patience . ”
Oh my goth “ So i check out this Goth night with my sister and my cousins over the holiday break cause we were sick of watching grandpa walk around in his underwares .. anyway we get there and the people take this stuff for serious .
the girl takin our money had real fangs afixed to her teeth … soo , I end up saddling up at the bar and order this lemon - or - something cocktail and im trying to enjoy it when Mr. Darkness appears out of nowhere STARRING at me as if i was his dinner and he just awoke from the batcave .
are you serious man ?
get a life !
But then he then sits down and asks if i am hungry .
uh what ?
then he pulls out a mangled up brownie and says he will split it with me .
i know right of the " bat ” that this is n’t your average brownine and against my better judgment i ate it along with my lemon cocktail .
i figured what the hell , weird shit is what family vacation is all about .
I ended up seeing all sorts of weird images like hardboiled eggs floating in the air and other random things that mix well with a goth night .
all and alll good times . “
To beej or not to beej …
“ I went here to get some food and a beej , but instead got into something else much more … unpleasant .
I was first greeted by some Mad Max looking … Rastafarian who poured a whole cup of PBR on my pant leg and then these underage looking girls with dark hair … and tattoo ’s started laughing at … my as if I just wet myself .
One of their boyfriends with long hair and facial hair just awkwardly stared without making any facial expression .
I finally get to the bar to order some food and am hit on indiscreetly by a drunk bartender ( I remind you it ’s only 5 pm on a Sunday … ) and then I get my sandwich and am asked to share it with four of the homeless regular ’s there .
Shortly after I eat half of my sandwich , a short , bald , fat white guy started to pick up chairs and throw them at older men .
And this was on a Sunday . ”
* Thanks to Hannah at www.smittenmitten.com for finding this true Orlando gem .
A few weeks ago , I began preparing my truck for future upgrades because when I start making real horsepower I do n’t want it to explode into a million pieces .
Project # 1 was upgrading injectors to larger ones ( 650 cc ) .
I wo n’t actually be using this extra fuel yet , so for now I had to tune out about 30 % of the fuel to make it run at a normal air / fuel ratio .
Once the injectors were in and tuned properly , I took it for a ride down the street .
Much to my surprise , my truck felt amazing !
It felt that way right up until the clutch started slipping and smoking .
🙁
I knew that I was getting close to the limits of my clutch , so I immediately started project # 2 , which is where this story really begins … .
Dodge Ram 50 and Mitsubishi Mightmax pickup trucks come with cable actuated clutches , which work excellent with stock applications .
Un…Fortunately , I have a highly modified truck that needs a far stronger clutch to hold the power .
This is where the cable clutch falls short .
Since it is mounted in the center of the firewall , without much support , stronger pressure plates cause the firewall to flex , and the pedal to be extremely difficult to push down .
My solution to this was to swap from cable to hydraulic .
This was not easy in any sense of the word , but it was one of the best upgrades that I have done .
I began with a pile of parts from a variety of vehicles :
– 1983 ( ish ) Dodge Ram 50 Turbo Diesel bell housing cutout , slave cylinder , clutch master cylinder , clutch line , and clutch fork .
– 1995 ( ish ) Mitsubishi Eclipse clutch fork pivot ball
– 1989 Dodge Ram 50 “ wideblock ” front throw out bearing shaft / piece / thingy .
( modified )
– 1986 ( ish ) Mitsubishi Starion / Chrysler Conquest ( aka Starquest ) transmission tail section .
( used to move the shifter back )
– 1990 - 92 Mitsubishi Eclipse front wheel drive flywheel with a pilot bearing machined into the center
– Custom made 225 MM clutch disc with a Ram center 50 spline
– 1990 - 94 Mitsubishi Eclipse Turbo pressure plate
I pulled my transmission out in record time ( about 40 minutes ! ) and immediately dug in .
The first thing I did was pull the tail section off so that I could replace it with one from a Starquest .
Since my turbocharged 4G63 engine sits about 2.75 ″ forward from where the original 2.6L engine did , my shifter went with it .
It really did n’t make it uncomfortable to drive or anything , but it did make it impossible to use a factory console ( which is very rare and cool ) .
Starquests have shifters about 2 - 3 ″ further toward the rear , thus , it was a perfect swap for my truck to get the shifter back to where its home was .
Next up – Cutting and welding !
Once the tail was finished , I cut a section of the bell housing out to make room for the new slave cylinder mounting location , and began fitting the new section in .
I then TIG welded it in place and cut the hole for the clutch fork to poke through .
Naturally I needed a pivot ball for the clutch fork and I happened to have one for a 2G Eclipse that worked perfectly .
It took a few hours to get all of these pieces working together harmoniously , but eventually it all fell into place .
There is something very wrong about cutting the side of your transmission off , but once the fear of possibly failure , it is quite refreshing to do something so potentially stupid .
Onto the clutch pedal !
The hydraulic clutch pedal was actually more work than I had hoped because I needed to pull the dashboard out to make a mounting bracket for it .
Luckily the dashboard in my Dodge Ram 50 is an easy one to remove .
I made the mounting bracket out of 3/16th steel plate .
Since I am not a fan of doing things that are n’t reversible , or things that cause more damage than good , I kept all welding on the interior side of the wall .
If I had welded the pedal bracket to the bottom of the upper cowl , it would have burned the paint away on the exterior side of the cowl , causing rust , and eventually rot .
I also made it a bolt in so that it could be removed in the future for whatever reason .
On the firewall side of the pedal sits the clutch master cylinder .
drilling holes through the firewall was necessary , and they needed to be the right sizes and shapes if you wanted it to look legit .
Luckily , I nailed it first try and made it look quite pretty if I do say so myself .
All of this would be worthless if I was n’t putting a stronger clutch in , so naturally I threw in the stronger one .
It was the basic clutch installation , nothing really fun or exciting about it .
The transmission was then heaved back into place ( while laying on my back , in the rain , in an icy cold puddle ) .
It slide right into place without any issues , which was shocking because it normally takes some jiggling to get it all lined up .
I then reinstalled the bell housing bolts , attached the drive shaft , the transmission mounting brace , and everything was officially in again .
The hydraulic lines were attached from the clutch master cylinder to the slave cylinder , and the system was bled for maximum awesomeness .
The job was finally done , and the clutch was officially hydraulically actuated .
It was easier to push down than ever before , felt absolutely amazing without any firewall flex , and even held the horsepower when I cranked the boost up .
Overall , I would say this was the 2nd best upgrade to my truck , just behind the turbocharged engine itself .
Hydraulically Actuated Clutches FTW !
Strikeforce and M - 1 Global are in the final stages of signing off on a revised deal that will see the two organizations co-promote additional events together in the U.S. in 2010 .
When finalized , the re-bolstered business relationship will also signal the return of Fedor Emelianenko , the world ’s No. 1 - ranked heavyweight and M - 1 represented fighter , to the Strikeforce cage as early as June , both organizations told Sherdog.com over the weekend .
“ I think June , July is realistic ( for Emelianenko ’s return ) , ” said Evgeni Kogan , M - 1 Global ’s Director of Operations .
“ It ’s not 100 percent .
Do n’t take this as a fight announcement , but I think during the summer . ” Strikeforce CEO Scott Coker said Monday that a June event headlined by Emelianenko was entirely possible .
Emelianenko is expected to face Fabricio Werdum , a former top - five UFC heavyweight who earned a victory over Antonio " Bigfoot " Silva last November .
M- 1
Global , a promotional and management company based out of Holland and Russia , approached Strikeforce at least two months ago to revise a three - event contract they ’d signed with the American promotion in August .
The two organizations held a successful event together last November outside Chicago that featured Emelianenko as the main attraction .
The event was televised live on CBS to over four million viewers and also had international distribution .
“ We were renegotiating .
I think we ’re pretty much at the end of that road , ” said Kogan .
“ After the CBS show , we thought that the terms needed a little bit tweaking -- nothing major , just a little bit of tweaking .
So , we had a round of negotiations with Strikeforce .
Everything went positively .
We ’re pretty much at the end .
” Among M - 1 ’s concerns in the re-negotiations , said Kogan , was the company ’s ability to market its brand through the partnership .
“ Obviously , we are much more than the management company for Fedor , ” said Kogan .
“ For us , it ’s really important that the M - 1 Global brand is acknowledged on these co-promotion events .
As much as the partners made a lot of effort to acknowledge the co-branding , the media basically picked up on the fact that it was Strikeforce and kind of forgot about everything else , which was n’t the most ideal for us .
” Kogan would n’t elaborate on other provisions re-tooled in the newest round of talks , though multiple sources have told Sherdog.com that monetary specifics of the deal were at least broached .
Kogan , who left one of the top four law and business accounting firms in Europe to join M - 1 Global this year , said the organization has n’t communicated with the UFC during this time , as was rumored after the re-negotiations were first reported on Feb. 26 by Sherdog.com .
“ There is no truth to that .
No one met with the UFC , ” said Kogan .
“ We have been re-checking the contract with Strikeforce , but there has been no negotiations with anyone else .
” Kogan also questioned reports which suggested that M - 1 Global ’s president , Vadim Finkelchstein , stated that Strikeforce had somehow not upheld or violated their obligations of the joint agreement .
“ I ’m not aware who with M - 1 would have made such a statement , ” said Kogan .
“ As far as I know , Vadim did n’t make statements like that .
” Reports that M - 1 Global has undergone a recent personnel re-structuring were also coupled with Strikeforce light heavyweight champion Gegard Mousasi ’s decision to end his five - year relationship with the organization .
Mousasi , viewed as M - 1 ’s second most - talented fighter behind Emelianenko , was never signed to M - 1 Global , though he was represented by one of its executives , Apy Echteld , until recently .
“ There ’s no interior struggles ( within M - 1 ) , ” said Kogan .
“ The president is and has always been Vadim .
The investors remain the same and the staff has n’t changed other than myself coming on .
Again , it ’s just more tweaking . ” M- 1 Global has mapped out an ambitious 2010 schedule , which will likely include its co-promoted events with Strikeforce , as well as its own internationally - cast “ Challenge ” and “ Selection ” shows throughout Europe and the U.S. The “ Selection ” events , which are streaming live on Sherdog.com , audition fighters to fill the geographic “ Challenge ” teams , who meet later in a round - robin tournament format .
“ Everyone else is still onboard -- nothing else , in that respect , has changed , ” said Kogan .
“ We ’re working less with Jerry ( Millen ) than we were .
Jerry is producing the Challenge shows for us , but not the Selection events .
” Emelianenko , the crown jewel of M - 1 ’s fighter management efforts , was rumored to have re-injured his left hand in a Sambo competition a few weeks ago , though Kogan said those reports are false .
Emelianenko is healed from his November bout against Brett Rogers and is back in full - time training , said Kogan .
The M - 1 rep said the national sambo champion did n’t re-agitate the hand he broke in the Rogers ’ bout , but instead voluntarily withdrew from the tournament so he would n’t have to face his brother Aleksander , who was also competing .
“ ( M - 1 teammate ) Kirill ( Sidelnikov ) won one of the titles and Aleksander won the other , so ( Fedor ) was just helping him get through the tournament , ” said Kogan .
“ They said they would never fight each other . ”
Decades ago modern medicine all but stamped out the nervous breakdown , hitting it with a combination of new diagnoses , new psychiatric drugs and a strong dose of professional scorn .
The phrase was overused and near meaningless , a self - serving term from an era unwilling to talk about mental distress openly .
But like a stubborn virus , the phrase has mutated .
In recent years , psychiatrists in Europe have been diagnosing what they call “ burnout syndrome , ” the signs of which include “ vital exhaustion . ”
A paper published last year defined three types : “ frenetic , ” “ underchallenged , ” and “ worn out ” ( “ exasperated ” and “ bitter ” did not make the cut ) .
This is the latest umbrella term for the kind of emotional collapses that have plagued humanity for ages , stemming at times from severe mental difficulties and more often from mild ones .
There have been plenty of others .
In the early decades of the 20th century , many people simply referred to a crackup , including “ The Crack - Up , ” F. Scott Fitzgerald ’s 1936 collection of essays describing his own .
And before that there was neurasthenia , a widely diagnosed and undefined nerve affliction causing just about any symptom people cared to add .
Yet medical historians say that , for versatility and descriptive power , it may be hard to improve upon the “ nervous breakdown . ”
Coined around 1900 , the phrase peaked in usage during the middle of the 20th century and echoes still .
One recent study found that 26 percent of respondents to a national survey in 1996 reported that they had experienced an “ impending nervous breakdown , ” compared with 19 percent from the same survey in 1957 .
Clegg
The Guardian
Clegg's
Labourism
Blairites
eg
Wavertree
reformism
Labourist
Miliband
Selsdon
Hayekians
Friedmanites
Pinochistas
Hayek
Butskellism
SDP
SDP
possible
sizeable
Thatcherism
Thatcherite
neoliberal
Blairites
MPs
Nick , undoubtedly flushed from having secured 's backing , is seeking to woo Labour voters by claiming that the Liberal Democrats have taken the place of Labour in UK politics .
He explains : " I have always accepted the first part of Roy Jenkins 's analysis which says that historically Labour and Liberal Democrats are two wings of a progressive tradition in British politics . "
But now the Liberals are ahead of Labour in the polls ( though the electoral system is unlikely to translate that into seats ) , he believes that his party can take Labour 's place as the main opponent of the Tories .
He states that , to this purpose , he is now going all out for a Liberal Democrat majority , and rejects the call for tactical voting that soft left groups like Compass are backing .
Now , I think this is more than mere hubris onpart , but not much more than hubris .
It is true thatwas always an electoral pact between liberals and socialists .
It is true that the Liberal Democrats and the Labour Party are organisations resulting from a factional split by the liberals .
It is true that hundreds of thousands , and perhaps a million or so , Labour voters could now defect to the Liberal Democrats in 2010 .
I would not be surprised .
Nor would I be displeased to the Liberals take out a few of the Luciana Berger in Liverpool , a dimwitted careerist who made an arse of herself upon resigning from the NUS a few years ago , and whose handlers wo n't even let her pop out for a jar of coffee in case she commits a pratfall .
But to say that this would signify the Liberals taking Labour 's place in politics would be to forget how and why the Liberals re-emerged as a serious political force in the late twentieth century .
The abridged narrative that we usually get is that Labour responded to the 1979 defeat by moving to the radical Left , apparently oblivious to the fact that the population was moving to the right .
In despair , sensible liberals like Roy Jenkins , David Owen and Shirley Williams left the sinking ship and formed a new party to realign British politics - a party which would no longer be based on the old fixed class identities .
That new party formed a natural alliance with the Liberals in the 1983 and 1987 elections , made powerful advances into Labour territory , then took the logical and long overdue step of merging with them .
In fact , the Labour coalition had been experiencing trouble for some time .
Liberalism had started to make serious headway electorally from the late 1960s , at just the same time as the nationalist parties in Scotland and Wales .
Labour voters , disaffected by the experience of Labour governments , were searching for an alternative kind of .
Some of this was because of the experience of trade unionists under Labour , which had consistently ended up in pitch battles with organised labour .
The radicalisation of the 1970s therefore , did not actually have the effect of increasing support for the Labour Party , as had been the case in the past .
In fact , Labour 's membership fell , as did its total vote , between 1970 and 1974 , and in the February 1974 general elections , the Liberals gained almost 20 % of the vote for the first time since 1929 .
This did not come exclusively from the growing ' new middle class ' of managers and supervisors , but increasingly from trade unionists .
In 1964 , 73 % of trade unionists voted for the Labour Party .
In 1974 , only 55 % did .
By the time of the 1983 election , it was down to 39 % .
When the post - war consensus that had underpinned theelectoral coalition started to crumble , so did the coalition .
Most of the working class base moved to the Left , and a sort of germinal grassroots democracy started to emerge .
There was unprecedented levels of debate , a flourishing of ideas , in the movement .
The Labour Party left drew the conclusion from the failure of Heath 's incomes policies , the 1973 crisis and the rising arc of industrial militancy , that it was necessary to move beyond the consensus , effecting a radical shift in the balance of wealth and power in society .
This meant higher taxation , an attack on inherited wealth , and the creation of cooperatives in failing industries to give workers a share of power ( as an alternative to older models of nationalisation that simply reproduced the hierarchies prevalent in the private sector ) .
That they found themselves unable to deliver these changes , they said , was due to an undemocratic and hostile state bureaucracy - confirming the diagnosis of Ralph , without sharing his recommended solution .
The Liberals under Jeremy Thorpe offered themselves as a party of the " radical centre " .
They pledged to save Britain from a see- saw between the " Party of Management " and the " Party of Trade Unions " , to overcome the old class divisions .
As good liberal pluralists , they maintained that managers and workers were merely two of many special interest groups in society , whose disputes could be arbitrated and resolved by a benevolent government .
Labour could not do this because , dependent as it was on the unions it could not operate an efficient incomes policy .
( Quite the reverse , as it transpired : Labour 's relationship with the trade union bureaucracy left it in a better position to negotiate the Social Contract ) .
By the same token , a Tory party dependent on big business for its funding could not constrain prices .
The old class - based parties had failed .
The Liberals did not deny that there was a material basis for class divisions , and said they would attenuate this with a radical redistribution of wealth .
But the basis of Liberal policy would be the individual , not masses and classes .
Despite the particular ideological inflections I have mentioned here , the Liberals were merely upholding the consensus , which had failed .
Their plea for some sort of class compromise was a plea for precisely the sort of arrangement that was no longer working .
The Tories , of course , responded to the crisis of the post - war order by moving toward the radical free market right : first with Heath 's ' Man ' , which fell to pieces , and then with the , andwho took control of the party in 1975 .
Like the Liberals , they believed it was possible to move beyond class , and that individuals were what mattered .
Unlike the Liberals , they were n't interested in incomes policies or price controls to achieve sovereignty of the individual .
They believed that you had to take on the trade unions as the single biggest impediment on the rights of individuals to dispose of property and the profits of that property as they saw fit .
The specific dogmas they espoused in this respect were not indispensable .
When monetarism was seen not to be working as a policy , they dropped it .
But even that was not a simple intellectual error . ,
Thatcher 's court philosopher , understood that the point of monetarism was to put countering inflation at the centre of the agenda , and to recognise that inflation was not merely the result of macro-economic mismanagement but of the balance of political power between the unions and the employers .
An attack on inflation was therefore an attack on full employment , collective bargaining and union strength .
So , you had a crisis in the post - war system ; a Labour Party whose left wanted to move beyond the consensus and radically level the wealth and political power in society ; a Conservative Party which wanted to move beyond the consensus and introduce radical new modes of class power ; and a Liberal Party which was sticking doggedly to .
Thewere effectively of the same opinion as the Liberals on this basic question .
And in 1983 , the Liberal / Alliance assembled the broadestcross - class vote in favour of the post - war consensus .
And they were indeed successful in mobilising avote from all classes .
While Labour still relied disproportionately on the support of manual workers , and the Tories found their bedrock in the lower middle class , the Liberals were not overly reliant on a single class bloc , though they tended to aim for the relatively more affluent workers .
If Tory voters were mobilised by their party 's stance on privatization ( 82 % ) , and Labour voters by unemployment ( 84 % ) , there was no single issue on which Alliance voters were galvanised .
It was the general ideological outlook , centrist on class issues , radical on issues of crime and defence , that appealed to their voters .
So , a majority rejected , voting either for the post - war consensus or a radical alternative to it .
But , and this is why the Lib and Lab factions of the " progressive tradition " needed each other , the first - past - the - post system did not translate this into an anti-majority in parliament .
The seats system in the UK had always been rotten , from before the First Reform Act of 1832 until after the Fifth Reform Act of 1928 , and it had usually worked to the advantage of the right .
The Liberals , anxious to escape an alliance with the trade unions , have long proposed proportional representation .
Labour , determined to maintain a monopoly on all social forces left - of - centre , have only fitfully assented to this idea .
Instead , they moved farther and farther to the right , desperate to recapitulate the old electoral coalition , ultimately unsuccessful in doing so .
The Tories were able to force throughreforms with all the appearance of a real mandate , and both Labour and the Liberals have adapted to that situation .
Now the Liberals are run by their ' Orange Book ' faction , Labour is run by the , and the Tories ... well , there 's a book on that topic coming out soon .
If the Liberals overtake Labour in the polls , therefore , it will not be a case of the Liberals taking the place once occupied by Labour .
As in 1974 , as much of their new support is coming from Tories as from Labour supporters .
They are effective at outflanking Labour to the Left when they want to , which is what they 're trying to do in the campaign literature I have received through my door .
But their basic stance in this crisis is that they are beholden neither to the unions nor to the bankers .
It 's the same formula as in their 1974 manifestos , the same goal of building a centrist bloc .
The difference now is that there has been no sustained radicalisation in the working class , and Labour is not standing on a left - wing manifesto ; nor has there been a generalised move to the right in the population , and the Tories are doing everything they possibly can not to appear to be too right - wing .
Given the prevailing ideological disorientation , the absence of mass resistance to the recession , the hatred for the bankers , the contempt for thewho like big expense accounts and are on sale to American lobbyists , and the utter alienation from the main parties - well , given all this , a space is naturally opening for an ' honest broker ' who can appear to transcend the " special interests " and efficiently manage our way through the present crisis .
The trouble is , whoever governs for the next five years is about to watch that space disappear .
Labels : class , keynesianism , labour , lib dems , liberals , neoliberalism , new labour , Post War Boom , thatcherism , tories
GARD Pro Not Registered
The Deepwater Horizon oil rig exploded on April 20 , 2010 , killing eleven men .
The oil rig then sank on April 22 , 2010 .
Since then , oil has been spilling into the Gulf of Mexico .
Attempts to stop the oil spill have been met with only limited success .
Currently , BP is trying what is called a “ top kill ” method to plug the leak .
The top kill method involves pumping a heavy mud into the broken well .
The idea is that this heavy mud will stop the oil and gas that is rising to the surface .
If that is successful , the well can then be capped with concrete .
However , the question remains :
What caused the well to fail in the first place ?
Halliburton ’s representative at the congressional hearings , Tim Probert , may have just given everyone the answer .
Probert presented a schematic of BP ’s cementing plan to Congress .
The drawing shows a key design flaw that may be the cause of , or a contributor to , the catastrophe .
The graphic shows that a liner hanger was not inserted between casings 8 and 9 .
That missing liner hanger could have allowed gas into the well , which led to the catastrophe .
Click on the image to the right to see it in full - resolution .
The graphic shows the wellhead 5,067 feet below the water ’s surface and the bottom of the well more than 13,000 feet below that .
It diagrams how the drill pipes telescoped down in sections — some about 2,000 feet long , some shorter and others longer .
With each section , one metal tube fits inside another , leaving a space called an “ annulus ” where heavy drilling mud can circulate and carry the drilled - out material back up to the surface .
According to the diagram , one of the spaces between different - sized pipes was not closed off — a no - no , according to some experts .
via Costly , time - consuming test of cement linings in Deepwater Horizon rig was omitted , spokesman says | NOLA.com .
GARD Pro Not Registered
In 2008 , Dave Carroll checked his Taylor Guitar on a United flight to Nebraska .
The guitar was seriously damaged in transit .
After a year of “ conversations ” with United staff , the airline still refused to accept responsibility for the damages .
In his final e-mail exchange with United he promised to write three songs about the experience and post them to YouTube in hopes of generating 1 million total views .
United was not impressed –then the first song was released *.
The song was catchy , the video was funny and , most importantly , the message struck a cord with everyone who saw it .
The video made international news , and now , less than a year later , has been viewed by over 8 million people .
So what does this mean for Nonprofits ?
Serious problems can be addressed in lighthearted ways .
Lots of people yell and scream about the way airlines treat people .
The reaction is understandable , and yet , it does n’t resolve much .
Dave Carroll wrote three silly ( but awesome ) songs about the problem , posted them on YouTube and now , in addition to his musical career , speaks to audiences world - wide about customer service in the age of social media and has a new website dedicated to helping other wronged customers get their grievances resolved .
The lesson ?
Even when it ’s justified , righteous indignation does n’t get you very far .
Get the mad out of your system ; then tell your story in a way people can hear you .
We can see you
Customer and / or client service no longer happens in private .
There may have been a time when you could get away with saying one thing in public and doing another in private , but those days are gone .
Even if your organization never upsets a musician , one never knows what will go viral on YouTube .
This does n’t have to be bad news .
It means the amazing things your organization does will also be easy to share .
Zappo ’s built a business model around it .
Your turn
How are you using YouTube to connect with your right people ?
Have you seen a YouTube video that turned you into a fan of another organization ?
Share your links in the comments !
If this post was helpful , please sign up for e-mail updates at the top of the page , or add this blog to your RSS feed .
* I know this video is almost a year old , and if you keep up with internet phenomenons that makes it seriously old news .
I ’m telling the story now because 1 ) the 3rd video just came out so the story is complete 2 ) I really like the story and the video and want the people who missed it the first time to get a second chance .
From Entertainment Weekly , May 14 , 2010 issue :
With pilot season well underway , ABC needed a finished show in about 12 weeks .
JJ
Abrams agreed to direct the pilot , and they began furiously writing placeholder audition scenes , just so the actors would have something to read .
Bryan Burk ( Exec Producer )
The casting process was crazy .
It was falling in love with people who were not at all what we had in mind for each role .
Jorge Garcia was invited to come in after Abrams saw him on Curb Your Enthusiasm , and he would up with the tailor - made role of comical lottery winner Hurley .
Aging rocker / addict Charlie was made younger after the producers were charmed by The Lord Of The Rings ‘ Dominic Monaghan .
Abrams dialed Alias ‘ Terry O’Quinn and offered him the role of enigmatic man of faith John Locke .
Terry O’Quinn ( Locke )
It was a very tumultuous time in my life .
I was n’t making a lot of money .
JJ said , “ There ’s not going to a lot in the pilot .
But we ’re hoping to develop the role . ”
The fact that I did n’t have to do an audition , I had a role ?
It was a godsend .
Josh Holloway ‘s Hollywood struggles were about to come to an end as he was asked to audition for the role of con man Sawyer .
Josh Holloway ( Sawyer ) I was done .
I was saying , “ Acting , f— off ! ” Acting had kicked me in the teeth so hard .
I had just received my real estate license in the mail four days before .
I was going to build my real estate empire .
The chance to audition for this came along , and I was like , “ Ahhh , f— it .
One last hurrah . ”
After Matthew Fox auditioned for Sawyer , the producers handed him the revised script and asked him to read it in the other room before trying on Jack .
Matthew Fox ( Jack ) I was blown away by it .
I immediately felt that I wanted to do this very bad .
It was such an all - in feeling .
The premise .
The quality of the writing .
The people behind it .
Where it was going to be shot .
Damon Lindelof
When he came [ back ] in , he was out of breath , he was sweaty .
It was like , “ What was this guy doing before the audition ? ”
Matthew was the first actor who played it as : I was just in a plane crash an hour ago .
He completely sold that reality .
Tommy the Green Ranger 's local MMA debut
Jason David Frank likes to refer to himself as " Fearless Frank , " a name he coined years ago with his brother .
Ring announcers for his amateur MMA fights often play up a different moniker : " Tommy the Green Ranger . "
See , Frank spent much of his life starring in the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers , that slightly trippy live - action kids series whose popularity peaked sometime in the '90s .
The show earned him a strange brand of world - wide fame , and legions of 20 - and 30 - something men still remember Frank as the original Green Ranger , wielding his Sword of Darkness .
And so Frank - who will be fighting at Patriot Center in Saturday 's Ultimate Warrior Challenge 8 : " Judgement Day " card - has no problem if people show up this weekend not to see Fearless Frank , but instead a fictional hero from their youth .
" I have nothing really to hide about who I am , what I do , " Frank told me this week .
" Personally I 'm so into the fight , I do n't care how they announce me .
You can announce me as Tommy the Green Ranger , I do n't care , I 'm still going to go in there and kick butt . "
( To read about one of the pro fighters appearing on Saturday , see this nice piece by B.J. Koubaroulis . )
Frank began learning karate at the age of 4 , and remembers immediately wanting to make it his life .
He was a junior blackbelt by middle school , began teaching classes not long after , and bought his first karate school at the age of 18 in Covina , Calif .
About a year later , he saw a casting call for a new children 's action show and was given the role of the Green Ranger .
He had a good feeling about how that would turn out .
" I know what sells , " said Frank , now 36 .
" I thought it was gonna sell .
Everyone 's saying it 's cheesy , but what do kids eat ?
Cheese sticks .
Cheese sandwiches .
Kids love cheese .
I knew a cheesy show like that was definitely gonna sell . "
What he did n't know was that little boys would soon swarm him for autographs , put his posters on their wall , request that he visit them in the hospital .
He told me he was soon visiting children 's wards to see dying cancer patients whose last wish was to meet Tommy the Green Ranger .
" And I 'm 19 years old at the time , [ thinking ] how can that be your last wish , to meet a Power Ranger ? "
Frank said .
" I mean , there were times when I was dressed in my costume , behind a wall , almost in tears . "
Grown men still come up to him and tell him about how much the show meant to them during tough times when they were kids .
Fans at his fights shake his hand and tell corny stories about the show .
He recently started a Facebook Fan page and got 8,000 members since the new year .
" To some people it sounds strange , but when you 're growing up and your life is a lonely life and you only have heroes on TV , that 's what you grow up on , " Frank said .
" Now , if it was awesome to see me fight on Power Rangers when they were little , how great it is to see me in a cage ?
They got to watch their childhood hero not only battle monsters when they were little , but now we 're fighting real people ....
It 's still the entertainment business .
I 'm still entertaining . "
Frank still owns karate schools and started a Christian - themed MMA clothing line , Jesus Didn't Tap .
He obviously had a certain level of stand - up fighting skills from a lifetime of karate , and three or four years ago he began learning wrestling and Jiu-Jitsu .
He made his MMA debut in January and is 3 - 0 as an amateur , but has never fought outside Texas Houston before .
" I 'm curious to see what he has live , but we should have very measured expectations about what we would see talent - wise .
It 's important that folks go to see a guy in an embryonic transition , " said Luke Thomas , a color commentator for Saturday 's card and the host of MMA Nation on 106.7 The Fan .
" I just think folks have a childhood attachment to that show , and they want to see it played out in modern form . "
Which is fine by Frank .
He expects to have time to mingle with fans on Saturday , and even to talk Power Rangers .
Of course , do n't expect to see one of the jumping spinning crescent kicks that Tommy the Green Ranger used to employ .
" When I spar , I will pull off some flashy stuff , and I will land it , but only when I 'm sparring , " Frank said .
" I do n't try that in the octagon . "
BitTorrent Inc. has open sourced uTP , the BitTorrent protocol powering the latest release of uTorrent , in the hope that other BitTorrent clients will soon adopt it .
UTP promises less congestion for ISPs and end users without degrading overall download speeds .
Thus far , however , many BitTorrent developers outside the BitTorrent Inc. team are skeptical about the new protocol .
One of the most discussed changes in uTorrent 2.0 is uTP , short for the ‘ micro transfer protocol ’ .
UTP is a new and improved implementation of the BitTorrent protocol which is designed to be more network - friendly than its predecessor .
With uTP , uTorrent has become more ‘ network aware ’ as it will throttle itself if congestion is detected in the network .
The uTorrent teams hopes this improvement will eliminate the need for ISPs to throttle BitTorrent traffic , while its users should see less interference with other local applications and possibly faster downloads .
As advertised , uTP does indeed sound like a much - improved version of BitTorrent , but the reality is more nuanced .
Over the past month there have been a lot of complaints from users who have seen their speeds decrease dramatically due to the implementation of the new protocol and not all developers are that exited either .
Increased overhead compared to the older protocol is cited as one of the reasons for the speed issues and some ‘ fixes ’ have been suggested on the uTorrent forums .
There is a great upgrade guide submitted by community member Rafi which tries to solve these issues , but in the end uTorrent should address these concerns themselves .
By default , uTP should perform equally well or better than its predecessor .
One of the steps to improve the implementation of uTP has been taken this week as BitTorrent Inc. decided to open source the code .
By doing so they are inviting other BitTorrent developers to help improve uTP and to implement it into other BitTorrent clients to increase compatibility .
“ uTP continues to evolve , and open sourcing the code will be essential in its continued development and adoption , ” BitTorrent spokesperson Jenna Broughton told Torrent Freak in a comment .
In response to the critique about slower speeds , Broughton adds that “ BitTorrent has always believed that being transparent with users about technology and product developments is key . ”
“ uTP is a smart approach to managing network congestion , and we are encouraged by the early results we have seen from independent tests as well as our own , which indicate that uTP does not degrade download speeds and may indeed be faster , ” Broughton adds , without going into detail on the speed issues that have been reported by many users in the forums .
One of the reasons uTP has been developed is to make traffic shaping and BitTorrent throttling by ISPs obsolete .
Unfortunately there has not been any feedback from major ISPs on these issues , so the magnitude of uTP ’s effect on their networks remain unknown .
“ We have not received any formal feedback from ISPs .
Informally , several technical insiders have confirmed a noticeable shift in traffic from TCP to uTP , and they seem generally positive about the deployment thus far .
Universally , they commend the spirit of cooperation in helping manage congestion on the network , ” Broughton told us .
Although it ’s widely appreciated that uTP is now Open Source , developers of other clients are not all that eager to implement it yet .
Vuze , one of uTorrent ’s major competitors , told Torrent Freak that they will keep an eye on how it evolves before they make any decisions .
Others have pointed out that uTP still has a long way to go before it becomes mainstream .
That said , there are bound to be issues when one is trying to innovate .
There are still a lot of issues to be addressed with uTP , the most important being good speeds for everyone by default .
The future will tell whether uTP is really the improvement BitTorrent Inc. claims it to be .
Some images involved a bit more stage direction than others , as with Halsman ’s collaboration with the Surrealist Salvador Dalí from the late 1940s .
The most famous of these images , “ Dalí Atomicus , ” shows the madcap Dalí aloft , brush and palette in hand .
He is flanked by a chair and two easels ( holding Dalí canvases ) — all elevated , and seemingly floating , above the floor , which heightens the sense of suspension .
But the main event is the great curve of water arcing across the image , along with three flying ( or flung ) cats in damp , disconcerted disarray .
For once Dalí ’s characteristic look of exaggerated surprise makes sense .
The show also includes six failed attempts at this shot , their flaws carefully noted by Halsman .
I was startled to see that in these attempts the center easel holds only an empty frame .
It prompted me to look more closely at the published photograph : the image on the center easel is a quite accurate depiction of the flying cats , spiky wet fur and all .
It was drawn ( or painted ) and seamlessly inserted after the fact ; the empty frame shadow is still visible on the floor .
Dalí did n’t miss much when it came to Dalíesque moments .
Image “ The most famous of these images , “ Dalí Atomicus , ” shows the madcap Dalí aloft , brush and palette in hand .
He is flanked by a chair and two easels ( holding Dalí canvases ) — all elevated , and seemingly floating , above the floor , which heightens the sense of suspension .
Credit ... The Estate of Philippe Halsman / Laurence Miller Gallery
There is a sublime silliness to Halsman ’s images that can make you laugh or at least smile regardless of how often you see them .
They may offer incontrovertible proof of Schiller ’s claim that “ all art is dedicated to joy . ”
Evidently the simple act of getting off the ground requires giving in to something like joy .
You have to let go .
One of the purest examples of this joy is an image of Halsman himself , holding hands with a smiling Marilyn Monroe several feet off the ground .
Facing his partner , he seems ecstatic , as if he cannot believe his luck .
He will hang with one of the world ’s most photogenic beauties for eternity .
The two are caught in nearly matching , tucked - knees positions .
Only a few other subjects , including Murray Kempton and Bridget Bardot , achieved a similar sense of height and compactness .
( Ms. Bardot is in a one - piece bathing suit on a rocky bluff , making you wonder how she landed . )
Tony Horton Of P90X : Fitness Interview
The New Training Program From P90X Is Coming
Page 1 of 3
When P90X came out a couple years ago , we were converts .
Now the makers of the program are getting ready to release P90X2 , which is designed for guys who are already in pretty good shape but who want to push their strength and agility to limits they never thought they could reach .
Needless to say , we 're pretty excited to try it out .
According to our sneak preview , P90X2 builds upon the theory of " muscle confusion " that made the first edition such an incredibly effective program for losing weight and building strength .
This time around , the program employs " Post - Activation Potentiation " ( P.A.P. ) , developed by Dr. Marcus Elliot , founder of the Peak Performance Project , an elite training facility where some of the world 's foremost athletes work out .
P90X2's new P.A.P. program uses a combination of traditional resistance training and total - body plyometrics , which works your muscles into firing faster and stronger , translating into more explosive strength .
Whereas P90X was a six - day - per - week program , the next level has you training five days a week , because the increased intensity requires more of a rest period .
We can't tell you much more than this , but we can assure you that pre-orders will be delivered in time for the holidays .
You can pre-order at P90X2.com .
In honor of this major release in personal fitness , here 's an interview that one of our editors conducted with P90X creator Tony Horton .
p90 x creator tony horton
Everyone is skeptical when it comes to fitness trends , especially those presented on late - night infomercials , especially ones that claim to be ( and are ) the No. 1 infomercial in the country .
When something is so popular , AskMen feels obligated to put the product through the wringer .
So , for the 90 days required to complete P90X we put our nose to the grindstone for your benefit , which is to report the truth to men .
Does Tony Horton ’s P90X work ?
Honestly , that ’s your decision , but this editor lost a total of 25 pounds , 4.5 inches off my waist and 10 % body fat .
Did I have the weight to lose ?
Hell yes I did .
But I still had doubts as to whether or not I was the “ ideal ” candidate for P90X since it was n’t developed as a weight - loss program — “ it ’s a lifestyle - shifting program . ”
When I expressed my doubts to Tony Horton and told him about my minimal activity and poor eating habits prior to P90X , he expressed to me that P90X is a “ 50 - 50 equation ” where activity and nutrition are concerned .
“ P90X works for anybody really . ”
P90X comes with explicit instructions about your training , an in - depth nutrition plan that can get pretty expensive , and there are hidden costs behind just the DVDs you order ( you have to buy home gym equipment and optional protein powder and bars ) .
While doing P90X some questions came up , some of which Tony answered for us .
tony horton on p90x skeptics
on p90 x and comparable products
" I think there ’s skepticism because it ’s a philosophy that is atypical .
When it comes to approaching fitness , people want to master something and so this amount a variety typically is not a mentality that a lot of professional fitness folks take .
They like to stick to the same old thing :
Do cardio a certain way and get good at it , do yoga and get really good at it .
I ’m trying to avoid boredom , plateaus and injuries .
We have different demographics [ doing P90X ] :
We have people who are not in shape and we have ex-athletes that are looking to become better athletes , and oddly enough the combination of different types of exercises seems to work for both .
Jerry Stackhouse just came out of retirement and he was doing P90X to get ready — and he ’s knocking people over with how fit he is .
How can you be skeptical about that ?
If you ’re skeptical , you ’re not very bright . " " [ P90X ] is relatively hard , there ’s an excitement about it , it brings out the best in people , it brings out their deep desires to want to be better because of a combination of things , [ like ] muscle confusion and new movements .
A piece of machine , like a Total Gym or something , is probably very effective if you do what they tell you to do , but it does n’t have any personality , there ’s not a camaraderie there that you feel when you ’re watching people who are working hard on the screen in front of you . "
Tony Horton talks about P90X starting points and about success and failure …
While Population Minister Tony Burke may be new to the debate , the population debate itself is certainly not new to politics .
In 1994 the Commonwealth commissioned an inquiry ( the Jones inquiry ) into Australia ’s population and carrying capacity , yet the inquiry failed to make firm recommendations .
One of the inquiry ’s authors then wrote a book in protest of the ‘ government ’s timidity ’ and concluded that “ that a sensible population policy for Australia would be to aim at stabilising the population within a generation or so and that this was quite feasible if net immigration of something below about 50 000 a year ( say 100 000 migrants in gross terms ) could be maintained .
Population would then more - or - less stabilise somewhere between 19 and 23 million ( depending on actual immigration ) sometime before 2050 . ”
Now , Tony Burke is faced with twin challenges of developing a policy position on population that keeps enough people happy to keep him in government .
We can easily run through some of the options available to Minister Burke – stimulate or dampen population growth .
I suspect he would also like to encourage migration away from capital cities due to the ‘ obvious housing shortage ’ , but as far as I can tell the Federal Government has little power to influence such regional migration ( maybe an income tax relaxation depending on how remote your residence ? )
Advertisement
To stimulate growth we could increase migration intake , and encourage higher birth rates – maybe $ 15,000 per child would do it ?
Or Burke could moderate population growth by reducing immigration quotas and discouraging high birth rates ( by removing the baby bonus or even having a ‘ child tax ’ ) .
But which option is best for Australia ?
Are there strong economic arguments in favour of either higher or lower population growth ?
I would argue that on balance , economic principles strongly favour a declining rate of population growth ( even a negative rate of population growth not a problem ) .
For a start , we need to discredit some of the nonsense economics floating around .
Bigger is not better .
China and India both have plenty of people , while countries with the highest per capita incomes and standards of living generally have fewer people .
China has greatly reduced population growth with its one child policy and seen vast economic growth – should n’t China have failed to grow because its population stabilised ?
The map above shows a pretty clear inverse relationship between population growth rates and standards of living .
Nor is a comparison of population density meaningful in this debate , or we could argue that any region with a low population density is ‘ underpopulated ’ ( like Antarctica or the Simpson desert ) because we have compared the region to Hong Kong or the Netherlands .
One core economic argument in favour of a greater population is that utility theory suggests that a trillion people living in poverty and slavery are better that one million happy and fulfilled people , leading lives directed by their own desires .
It is known as the repugnant conclusion .
I doubt anyone believes this is a good outcome , nor is claimed to be a good reason for greater population – it just happens to be at the heart of economic theory and can spawn unusual conclusions .
A second argument appeals to economies of scale and suggests that with greater domestic consumption industries can expand to a point where they have economies of scale that make them internationally competitive .
Why domestic population is currently a barrier to industry development is beyond me .
If there are no artificial constraints on trade , should n’t the world be the marketplace of any industry even in its infancy ?
This argument only works if you couple high population with protectionism ( the infant industry argument , which itself is often challenged ) .
Advertisement
A third argument , that may be the focus of this debate , is that the demographic shift towards a flat population pyramid means that the proportion of people in the workforce will be much lower , and that public welfare support for the elderly will become a burden on a smaller workforce .
However , one does not need to think too hard to realise that stimulating population growth simply delays this inevitable demographic shift .
We have known this shift was coming for decades yet have failed to act .
But it is not too late to implement solutions more practical than stimulation population growth .
Another argument is that of national security .
Unless we have enough people , we wo n’t be able to defend our borders .
To truly defend Australia from all others , how many people would we really need ?
150 million ?
More ?
This is a ridiculous argument and a reason we have strong allegiances with countries with large defence capabilities .
Apart from these arguments for high population growth over low growth or declining populations , Chris Joye cites the following reasons for a population minister , all of which have confusing and possibly contradictory implications including :
A sweeping proposal to revamp Wall Street suffered a legislative setback this evening when the Senate failed to bring the measure to the floor for debate .
Voting 57 - 41 , Senate Democrats could not muster the 60 votes needed to overturn the threat of a GOP filibuster and begin formal debate on the bill , which has become President Obama 's top priority following his success on health care .
Democrats quickly blasted Republicans for voting together against the bill .
" Some of these senators may believe that this obstruction is a good political strategy , and others may see delay as an opportunity to take this debate behind closed doors , where financial industry lobbyists can water down reform or kill it altogether , " Obama said in a statement .
" But the American people can't afford that . "
Sen . Ben Nelson , a centrist Democrat from Nebraska , voted with 39 Republicans against advancing the measure .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nev. , switched his vote to " no " on the measure -- a procedural move that allows him to call for a new vote later this week .
The roll call is available here .
Politically , the failed vote allowed Democrats to cast Republicans as obstructionists on a policy that Americans generally support .
A Washington Post - ABC
News poll found that about two - thirds of Americans back new regulations on banks .
" Wall Street reform is political dynamite and Republicans just lit the match , " Sen . Robert Menendez , D - N.J. , and chairman of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee , said in a statement .
" We now have Republicans on the record voting to give big banks $ 700 billion of taxpayer funds – but opposing holding them accountable for it . "
Republicans , including Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R - Ky. , have likened the financial regulation bill to the health care law approved by Congress last month and have argued it will provide bailouts for Wall Street .
Republicans note that a bipartisan group of lawmakers is close to reaching a deal on another bill that may win broad support .
" Today , Senate Democrats stood with Wall Street by attempting to move forward with a bill that creates a permanent bailout for irresponsible financial firms , institutionalizes ' too - big - to - fail ' and does nothing to reform Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , organizations that were at the heart of the financial crisis , " Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele said in a statement .
" Harry Reid decided that it 's better to have no bill at all , creating a partisan sideshow instead of holding Wall Street accountable . "
( Posted by John Fritze )
This would be my ...
1st reaction : Steve will put a stop to this .
2nd reaction : No Flash .
3rd reaction :
If the iPad can make people PAY for porn , I will be 100 % sure that iPad users are gullible and that the iPad can do nothing more than sell you content that you otherwise would be able to find for free ( or cheaper ) .
My core issue with the ipad is that there is no freedom and no open market , they are backed so much by the media because Apple has become a channel for which people will pay for free content .
The media is dying because of the internet .
Supply has become SO abundant , that most media content can be obtained for free ( and I 'm not talking about piracy ) .
What the iPad does is limit supply , creating an artificial demand .
Advertisements
The Palinizaton of Rand Paul
After a humiliating stint on the Rachel Maddow show wherein Kentucky Republican Senate candidate Rand Paul demonstrated a special talent in the art of the duck and dodge , Paul continued to Palinize himself the next day — wrapping himself in indignation , in order to mask his own deep inadequacy and lack of preparation for the important office he seeks .
On Rachel ’s show , Paul avoided – for ten minutes - answering Rachel ’s question as to whether or not he would support the Civil Rights Act .
Instead , he treated us to his childish , glibertarian but ideologically pure vision of the world , wherein government would just stay the heck outta everything .
This would mean that private businesses could discriminate against anyone they chose , since that would supposedly be bad for business and they would suffer from the free market backlash of such a decision .
Advertisements
This from a white man who lives in Kentucky … .
I ’m just sayin’ .
He then went on to compare the rights of minorities to the rights of guns , as if guns have as much right to be in a restaurant as do people .
His argument only served to exemplify what the grown - ups know : libertarianism does not work in a civilized society .
Shhhhh , Rand .
Hush up , now , ye Teabagger Poppet .
Time to be quiet .
But just like Palin , Rand is his own worst enemy .
He spent Friday flubbing sound bite after sound bite , giving a disastrous interview on ABC ’s Good Morning America during which he tried to deflect from his obvious attempt to avoid saying , “ Yes Rachel , I would vote no on the Civil Rights Act today , ” by accusing the President of being un-American in wanting to go after BP for the Gulf Oil Spill .
You know , BP - that foreign oil company whose corporation is more American than our shores , our people , and our ecosystem ?
“ What I do n’t like from the president ’s administration is this sort of ‘ I ’ll put my boot heel on the throat of BP . ’
I think that sounds really un-American in his criticism of business , ” he said .
“ I ’ve heard nothing from BP about not paying for the spill .
And I think it ’s part of this sort of blame game society in the sense that it ’s always got to be someone ’s fault instead of the fact that sometimes accidents happen . ”
Just a pause here to observe that even I , who am not running for office , have heard talk of BP not paying for the economic damages of the spill .
It ’s sort of a thing they ’ve been debating in Congress all week , Democrats wanting to raise the liability cap on BP while Republicans ( under the guise of protecting “ small business ” – I do n’t know when that started , but gosh , it sure sounds great ) have voted against Democratic attempts at holding BP responsible for their decisions .
In fact , now both sides of the Senate aisle have submitted proposals for how to handle the liability cap issue .
Rand is running for senate , right ?
Or perhaps he does n’t see economic damages as part of the oil company ’s responsibility ?
Perhaps he thinks the federal government ( i.e. , taxpayer ) should absorb all of that ?
See , this is another reason why Rand needs to avoid interviews ; his ideology fails under examination .
And as for accidents happening , and the “ blame game ” , even Ayn Rand is cringing over this one , Paul .
Personal responsibility for choices and risks is a free market principle .
Come on .
That position is only applicable within the conservative context of arguing against regulations , not of absolving a corporation from risks they took based on the profit model .
The appalling lack of integrity coming from the far right on this issue is making an utter mockery of what little pride they had left .
Both Rand and Palin are firm believers in the razzle dazzle technique of pointing a finger outward so that the press and the public then go to the accused to defend themselves , thereby relieving the accuser of the hot seat .
Sort of like little kids do in pre-school .
“ He did it !
Waaa ! ”
But , the accusation of not being American is even more ironic coming from someone who does not value the freedom and liberty of minorities in this country .
Just like Palin ’s accusation of “ palling around with terrorists ” was really an admission of her own sordid past palling around with secessionists .
I wonder when someone will have the guts to tell the GOP that extremism combined with ignorance is not an American value .
This is a good time to note that Sarah Palin , who endorsed Rand , is another unvetted Republican candidate who specializes in pretending she ’s an “ outsider ” whilst pocketing big money from big oil and mega churches because nothing says American frontier gal like Jesus and oil ( not to infer that Paul took tons of money from big oil - he took around 8 k from them , so his sell out speaks purely to his values ) .
Like Palin , Paul is now blaming the “ liberal media ” for his own failures ( in a shocking reversal from the libertarian principles of personal responsibility , I might add ) .
And like Palin , Rand seems genuinely hurt that America is not embracing him like we should .
He seems genuinely perplexed that we are not charmed by his explanation that he would have marched with Dr King , but thinks we should let private businesses discriminate .
Could he be any more tone deaf ?
Like Palin , he grew up surrounded by white people and steeped in an ideology that is simply too extreme for “ Real America ” .
His Libertarianism is akin to Palin ’s AIP / white surpremacist / Dominionist roots .
These are things that simply do not go over well with mainstream America , though clearly they have their frothing base of teabaggers all tied up .
But here ’s where Rand really went Palin : After Rand painfully flailed about , splashing the national media headlines with his chilling ignorance and naiveté , he pulled out of Meet the Press tomorrow .
One of only three people to do so .
In over 60 years .
His embarrassed handler ( it seems Rand has been left to go Rogue with inexperienced handlers , as punishment form the Big Boys for being so ignorant as to say out loud what they all believe ) said :
“ Rand did Good Morning America today , set the record straight , and now we are done talking about it , ” Paul campaign spokesman Jesse Benton told the Washington Post .
“ No more national interviews on the topic . ”
So , in other words , the GOP is running another candidate who arrogantly announces that they will not do any more interviews , as if somehow the Fourth Estate has smeared them and offended them by reporting on their failures – or just recording them and letting the world decide .
Paul is indeed Palinizing himself ; wrapping himself in indignation to masquerade for his own deep inadequacy and lack of preparation for the important office he seeks , and topping it off with a royal huff for good measure .
I suppose next he will tell us that he will “ deign ” to give interviews when the press shows “ deference ” to him .
You now , like it ’s done in the newly revised Constitution according to our friends of the Lord in Texas and as reported fairly on Fox News .
I can only surmise that we will now be treated to an entire generation of these Palinizing , teabagging glibertarians who are anything but conservative .
The Republican Party is now the party of whiners , complainers and accusers , who are ill prepared for the hard task of governing .
The former half - term Governor of Alaska personifies this inherent inability to govern combined with a self - aggrandizing hubris , wherein verbal violence stands in for policy .
Prepare to be assaulted by candidates running under the banner of the GOP who should not be anywhere near public office .
Slide 1 of 10 ,
Walt Frazier , a Hall of Fame player for the New York Knicks basketball team , shed his peacock Clyde alter ego to become Frazier the tree guy , as locals call him on St. Croix .
Oscar Hidalgo for The New York Times
You are not logged in .
Login or Signup
Oh , now this is very good .
woo ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:12 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:12 ,
This
^ ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 14:25 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 14:25 ,
fuckinell
where do you find the time !
excellent ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:12 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:12 ,
blimey
that 's brilliant
stop being so brilliant !
:) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:13 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:13 ,
I love Manic Miner
( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:16 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:16 ,
I thought it was space invaders until I squinted a bit
( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:23 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:23 ,
....
isnt it mario ?
edit : /doesntactuallycareblogasitsjustagoodbitofwork ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:35 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:35 ,
haha awesome :)
shame it was n't flat ..
I take it that was because of reflections ?
( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:13 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:13 ,
It 's not flat because
the room where I built it was n't big enough to get a decent angle .
( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:19 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:19 ,
aah haha :)
top job though ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:25 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:25 ,
That
is outstanding !
* click * ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:15 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:15 ,
HE'S A FREAK !!!
* click * ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:16 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:16 ,
Superlativeness .
( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:18 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:18 ,
gah , I 've found myself trying to identify the covers
Karftwerk , Mick Harvey , Bowie , Belle & Sebastian , the Breeders
must not do this ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:18 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:18 ,
Kylie , Cheeky Girls
Cbeebies Xmas , PJ and Duncan ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:19 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:19 ,
* watches them wreck the mic *
( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:23 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:23 ,
Psyche
( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:27 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:27 ,
If I was them I 'd wreck Kylie instead .
( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:29 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:29 ,
I think
cancer got in there before you .
( , Sat 29 May 2010 , 23:46 , archived ) ( , Sat 29 May 2010 , 23:46 ,
bastard , I was doing that
( although not Mario , that would have been freakishly coincidental ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:19 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:19 ,
you still can !
( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:20 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:20 ,
do it anyway
it 's surprisingly fun - like channelling the spirit of Mark Speight .
( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:21 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:21 ,
We must perform a Quirkafleeg ! :)
archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:27 ,
hehe I played this yesterday
www.twinbee.org/hob/play.php?snap=manicminer archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:28 ,
^ there goes my day right there :D
( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:36 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:36 ,
: D
see ya tomorrow Prodge ! ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:50 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:50 ,
ace
( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:20 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:20 ,
It took me a while to " see " this .
Then I saw it , and was blown away .
* clicks * ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:22 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:22 ,
CoR !!!!!
( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:24 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:24 ,
I fucking LOVE this !
: D
* clicks * ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:28 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:28 ,
woah
ding ding * click * ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:38 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:38 ,
oh my
archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:54 ,
* spots 7 pet shop boys albums *
That 's TOP !
* bullies * That 's TOP ! archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 11:55 ,
There 's at least one PSB
album in there .
( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 12:00 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 12:00 ,
This is most good , MOST GOOD !
:D ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 12:03 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 12:03 ,
EXCELLENT !
With a Capital Click ! ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 12:16 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 12:16 ,
666
Do I spy the Aphrodite 's Child album on there ?
( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 12:42 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 12:42 ,
Yeah
It 's a great album .
edit : I should n't say " yeah " when talking about prog rock , since the word " Yes " is more appropriate .
( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 13:16 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 13:16 ,
it most certainly is ...
proof that Demis Roussos was once great ! ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 16:05 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 16:05 ,
FKIN BRILLIANT !
: D ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 13:58 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 13:58 ,
excellent work !
( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 16:05 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 16:05 ,
Is that Billy Jack / Sexualised single ?
by Relaxed Muscle .
/ edit sorry drunk .
( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 20:57 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 20:57 ,
Is that
The Raven being used as a footpiece ?
( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 21:11 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 21:11 ,
That is really , awfully , very good .
( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 22:36 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 22:36 ,
too awesome .
now i can go get drunk !
( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 23:36 , archived ) ( , Fri 28 May 2010 , 23:36 ,
Clicky !
Not a lot going on down your neck of the woods at the moment , I assume ?
Very good ... ( , Sat 29 May 2010 , 0:10 , archived ) ( , Sat 29 May 2010 , 0:10 ,
Mama
Mia that 's good !
Although I do n't recognise any of the albums :( ( , Sat 29 May 2010 , 1:17 , archived ) ( , Sat 29 May 2010 , 1:17 ,
3D Mario Approves
Top effort ! archived ) ( , Sat 29 May 2010 , 15:29 ,
F------g well done !
( , Sat 29 May 2010 , 19:09 , archived ) ( , Sat 29 May 2010 , 19:09 ,
jesus thats aceness
w /y/h / p dude ( , Sat 29 May 2010 , 22:55 , archived ) ( , Sat 29 May 2010 , 22:55 ,
Nicely done
If only I had the time to stop lurking ...... ( , Sat 29 May 2010 , 23:24 , archived ) ( , Sat 29 May 2010 , 23:24 ,
sweeeeet
( , Sat 29 May 2010 , 23:40 , archived ) ( , Sat 29 May 2010 , 23:40 ,
super amazingly amazing
( , Sun 30 May 2010 , 0:21 , archived ) ( , Sun 30 May 2010 , 0:21 ,
fuck the millennium !!
Had that on a cassette single .. ( , Sun 30 May 2010 , 0:51 , archived ) ( , Sun 30 May 2010 , 0:51 ,
ooh great work
( , Sun 30 May 2010 , 18:33 , archived ) ( , Sun 30 May 2010 , 18:33 ,
This is so bloody awesome ,
I came in my pants .
( , Mon 31 May 2010 , 15:25 , archived ) ( , Mon 31 May 2010 , 15:25 ,
Blimey , how long did that take ?
Brilliant ! ( , Mon 31 May 2010 , 18:45 , archived ) ( , Mon 31 May 2010 , 18:45 ,
Pattern 1 : Contacts Sync with Address book at Sign in
We recommend :
Using this activity upon first signing into an application .
If your app has no sign - in , showing this screen at first launch to improve discoverability of contact sync .
Pattern 2 : Twitter account integration with QuickContact for Android
Pattern 3 : Dashboard
We recommend :
Using this pattern to showcase the most prominent features of your app .
Adding some unexpected delight to this screen , making it engaging without overwhelming the user .
Exercising caution - for some apps , the user will want to jump directly into the meat of the application .
For others , this sort of welcoming dashboard will be the right starting place .
Pattern 4 : Action Bar
We recommend :
Placing an Action bar at the top of the screen to house the most common actions for your application that work across all activities .
Using no more than 3 onscreen actions for the Action bar .
Use the main menu as overflow for actions that are less important .
The balance between Action bar and main menu will ensure the richness of interaction that is Android .
Making the left - hand region actionable , offering one - touch return to your dashboard or other app home .
Pattern 5 : Search Bar
We recommend :
You support suggestions .
You keep a search history so users upon returning to the search activity can have quick one - button access to previous searches .
Pattern 6 : QuickActions
We recommend :
Creating a UI element that is minimal and recognizable as an action popup ; either a frame around an image or an icon in a list item .
Only using this pattern in applications where the data is intensive .
Placing the action popup below or above the information you wish to allow users to take relevant contextual actions on .
This will make it easier to associate the actions with the content in view .
Turning off the entire list view button element so that regions can be easily targeted for the user .
Pattern 7 : Companion Widget
We recommend :
Identify your application in the widget with a brand icon
Make this more than a button into your app .
Give your user an action or view into the app itself .
Keep the activity stateful so that on exiting the application and re-entering a user is returned to the same context in the activity , minimizing the impact of using the dashboard if it is used .
Along with our regular updates of the Android platform , we like to build example applications that showcase best practices for UI features and behavior patterns , to help our 3rd party developers create even richer applications .
For example , the Twitter for Android application that we worked with Twitter to design gives you , the 3rd party developer , a working example of how you can customize and build an application that ’s both fun and highly functional .
This blog post is meant to showcase these patterns along with some recommended implementations as you start to develop your applications around them .
Let ’s get started and explore these patterns in more detail now .
One of the most important intents we added to Twitter for Android was the ability to sync your Twitter contacts into the phone .
This integration also allowed us to give Twitter users with an Android phone the use of the QuickContact widget , which gives users a choice of ways to contact their followers .
The good news for developers is you get this highly functional contacts feature for free if users choose to sync contact information into your app .
QuickContact for Android provides instant access to a contact 's information and communication modes .
For example , a user can tap a contact photo and with one more tap launch a call , SMS , or email to that person .
Other applications such as Email , Messaging , and Calendar can also reveal the QuickContact widget when you touch a contact photo or status icon .
The dashboard pattern serves as a home orientation activity for your users .
It is meant to include the categories or features of your application .
We recommend including an Action bar on this screen as well .
The dashboard can be static or dynamic .
For example , in the case of our dashboard for Twitter , we used the goodness of Live Wallpapers introduced in 2.1 to create an animated dashboard complete with real - time trend bubbles and the Twitter bird silhouette .
The Action bar gives your users onscreen access to the most frequently used actions in your application .
We recommend you use this pattern if you want to dedicate screen real estate for common actions .
Using this pattern replaces the title bar .
It works with the Dashboard , as the upper left portion of the Action bar is where we recommend you place a quick link back to the dashboard or other app home screen .
The Search bar pattern gives you a fast way to switch between resources that are searchable by your application .
For example , with Twitter for Android , we used the pattern to support searching within Tweets as well as People .
When triggered , this pattern sits on top of the Action bar .
Additionally , you can feel free to use the Search bar selection mechanism as a replacement for tabs since it ’s really just a fast pivot on a data set .
If you have more than 3 data sets , tabs become problematic since no more than 3 can be onscreen at once .
For example , look at how we implemented the Profile switching mechanism below : QuickActions is our newest UI pattern .
Currently , it has been implemented as a fast , engaging , popup triggered by an onscreen UI element that identifies it in as minimally disruptive way as possible .
We recommend you use this pattern for list views that are data intensive where items inside the list have contextual actions associated with them .
QuickActions can be used as a replacement for our traditional dialog invoked by long press .
By choosing to use this pattern as part of a list , we made it easier for Twitter users to take action on the information in the list view by keeping the item and associated actions in context .
We also took the extra step of making it easier to target links in list views by turning off the list view button element as a secondary component to making this pattern even more usable .
This way users of Twitter for Android can view links with one tap and / or see the posted tweet on a map by tapping the tweet meta data directly .
The companion widget pattern is something we recommend all developers think about deeply .
The widget you create should be more than a big button link into your app .
Used correctly , it can provide a place on a home screen that personalizes , albeit in a small window , your application .
In the case of Twitter for Android , we designed and built small and large - sized widgets to support different types of functionality .
Both widgets let a user view his / her tweetstream .
However , the smaller widget hands off to the application to create a reply to a tweet from the stream , whereas the larger one gives direct access to the Tweet compose activity .
Do n’t think we quite got something right ?
As many of you know , we ’ll soon be open sourcing this application code under the Android Open Source Project .
We look forward to seeing what you can build starting from this code these UI patterns .
In the meantime , Happy Tweeting !
Twitter for Android is available in Android Market for immediate download .
It is compatible with Android 2.1/2.0 devices , with support coming soon for more .
Come check out the Android UI patterns session at Google I / O next week to learn more about how this applies across our framework and not just in the Twitter app .
The digital age may claim another victim .
The residential White Pages , those inches - thick tomes of fine - print telephone listings that may be most useful as doorstops , could stop landing with a thud on doorsteps across New York later this year .
Verizon , the dominant local phone company in the state , asked regulators on Friday to allow it to end the annual delivery of millions of White Pages to all of its customers in New York .
The company estimates that it would save nearly 5,000 tons of paper by ending the automatic distribution of the books .
Only about one of every nine households uses the hard - copy listings anymore , according to Verizon , which cited a 2008 Gallup survey .
Most have switched to looking up numbers online or calling directory assistance .
The phone book for many people , it seems , has gone from indispensable tool to unavoidable nuisance .
“ Phone books have been a very visceral issue , ” said Scott Cassel , executive director of the Product Stewardship Institute , an environmental group in Boston .
“ They do tend to pile up , particularly in apartments .
More and more , people are finding that they do n’t need them , but they ca n’t find a way to make them stop . ”
After discovering that R is expected ( this summer ) to have a GUI for ggplot2 ( through deducer ) , I later found Ian ’s gsoc proposal for this GUI .
Since the system is in it ’s early stages of development , Ian has invited people to give comments , input and critique on his plans for the project .
For your convenience ( and with Ian ’s permission ) , I am reposting his proposal here .
You are welcome to send him feedback by e-mailing him ( at : [ email protected ] ) , or by leaving a comment here ( and I will direct him to your comment ) .
[ gview file = ” http://neolab.stat.ucla.edu/cranstats/gsoc.pdf”]
If you are stuck with abusive / unsupportive family members during coronavirus lockdown , you can join our Emotional Support Forums .
It 's okay to hate school :
There is nothing wrong with you .
( Do n't feel like reading ?
Watch these videos instead . )
PART 1 : There is nothing wrong with you for hating school
There is nothing wrong with hating school , there is nothing wrong with hating being forced to go someplace you do n't want to and being " taught " things that do n't interest you in ways that would kill you if boredom were lethal .
There is nothing wrong with hating school , there is nothing wrong with hating being forced to go someplace you do n't want to and being " taught " things that do n't interest you in ways that would kill you if boredom were lethal .
You 're not worthless if you do n't get good grades , and you 're not mentally ill if the mere thought of school scares you .
If school depresses you or makes you feel suicidal , it 's because of the environment and people there .
You 're probably perfectly sane .
They say school is for learning ?
Well , being bored is hardly any way to learn anything !
No wonder hardly anyone remembers what they were forced to memorize at school .
School is n't about learning , it 's about training people to be obedient to those with authority over them .
Do n't trust school to ' educate ' you - only you can be trusted with that !
For students who hate being forced to go to school :
We 're here to listen & help you through things .
If you 're stuck going to school , there are still ways to pursue your interests & figure out life .
If you 're not happy , there are options , and we can help you find them .
PART 2 : What To Do If You Hate School
The most obvious solution for hating school is to leave school somehow .
Try talking to your parents about any of these alternatives to school ... hopefully they will try to understand and not freak out too much .
You can get help with leaving school here .
You can even take classes online , if you think you 'd prefer that .
Alternatives to school :
Homeschooling / Unschooling
Online Schooling
Dropping out / getting a GED
Charter schools
More ...
If your parents wo n't let you try any of the alternatives , you can stay in school to spread the word .
If school is driving you insane , here 's a guide on how to survive if you hate school .
But whatever you do , do n't break stuff or hurt anyone , because that will just feed the stereotype that kids need to be kept under control .
If you need more help with parents , or leaving school , click here !.
We are not telling you to drop out , rebel or do anything in particular .
What you do is your decision and yours alone , we can just provide support and information for whatever choice you may make .
What works for one person wo n't necessarily work for everyone .
The point is : the choice is yours to make .
And if , for whatever reason , other people refuse to let you make that choice , there are good people in the world who will take you seriously .
PART 3 : Common Reasons Why Kids Hate School
Homework ( as if 6 hours of sitting in class is n't bad enough already )
Getting up early ( almost always after lack of sleep due to homework , above ) Bullies ( sad humans who enjoy making others suffer , probably because of some kind of parental abuse ) Disrespectful Teachers ( who will demand that you respect them no matter how they treat you ) Tests / Exams ( because temporarily memorizing information for a test is apparently how learning works ... not )
Stress ( especially if your parents freak out over your grades )
Generally annoying people ( and not being able to avoid them )
PART 4 : More Information
This psychologist has a message for kids who hate school : I , as an adult and a psychologist , want to say to any children out there who hate school : you are not alone .
Most people hate it too , but usually they do n't feel entitled to say so , and many can't bear to think about it so they hardly even know how they feel .
You are not mad - you do n't have a Deep Psychological Problem ( though you might develop one if you stay in school against your will ! ) ; and you are not bad for wanting to live your life the way you choose , doing what you think right - that is what everyone should be doing .
You are not the problem : coercion is the problem .
Being forced to go to school is the problem .
( I , as an adult and a psychologist , want to say to any children out there who hate school : you are not alone .
Most people hate it too , but usually they do n't feel entitled to say so , and many can't bear to think about it so they hardly even know how they feel .
You are not mad - you do n't have a Deep Psychological Problem ( though you might develop one if you stay in school against your will ! ) ; and you are not bad for wanting to live your life the way you choose , doing what you think right - that is what everyone should be doing .
You are not the problem : coercion is the problem .
Being forced to go to school is the problem .
( read the rest of this article
Anti-school
What anti-school does NOT mean
We are not anti-education .
We are not anti-learning .
Learning means to acquire knowledge , and education is basically learning with help from other people .
Those are both good things .
Right , now that that 's out of the way , what is " anti-school " all about then ?
At what point … if any … should we as a nation say that we do n’t want or ca n’t afford to just keep getting larger ?
Tom Foreman | BIO
AC360° Correspondent
Reporter 's Note : New polls show public concern is growing about our immigration policy .
Just like my string of letters to the White House is growing day by day .
Dear Mr. President ,
I ’ve been watching the whole growing debate over the immigration issue , and listening to your AG threatening to sue Arizona , and on and on and on .
And a basic question has occurred to me :
No matter where you stand on the issue , no matter how you feel about the struggles of other people in other places who might want to come here , what number of Americans do you think is the right number ?
At what point … if any … should we as a nation say that we do n’t want or ca n’t afford to just keep getting larger ?
And trust me , yes , I understand this is a tough question loaded with political dynamite .
But I ask this because even if we had no immigration whatsoever , I ’m pretty sure we ’re producing enough babies each year to assure our survival as a nation far into the future .
Whenever we accept a new family into our fold from someplace afar , we are also accepting their descendents .
In terms of sheer math , you can see how that starts eating up the chairs at the local cinema on Saturday night .
And making our cities more sprawling .
And our roads more crowded .
And our pollution greater .
And our consumption of resources more intense .
And I do n’t even want to talk about how hard it could be to get your call through in one of those radio contests if this continues .
I ’m not trying to be xenophobic or wreck on the dreams of those who might hope for a better future here .
I recognize that my family came as immigrants many years ago and we benefited from America ’s immigration laws at the time .
But I also recognize that we once offered free land to homesteaders .
And times change .
So I wonder how many new arrivals any nation can afford to admit before it starts bending under the weight .
I have no doubt that many of these folks bring ambition , a strong work ethic , and a commitment to building a better America .
( Just as I am sure that some do n’t .
But frankly that ’s true of a lot of us who are already here . )
Still , the question remains :
How much is too much ?
My father saw the population of this country more than double in his lifetime .
I do n’t know what to think about the idea that by the time our daughters are our age , another hundred million or more people could be living in this country .
I honestly do n’t know what that might mean .
Maybe it would be great .
But I suspect it could offer challenges beyond anything we might imagine .
Let me know your thoughts .
I ’m around and , as always , my phone is close at hand .
Regards ,
Tom
The Catholic Archbishop of Adelaide , Philip Wilson , is coming under increasing pressure to explain what he knew about clerical sexual abuse when he was an office - holder in the NSW diocese of Maitland - Newcastle in the late 1970s and 1980s .
Archbishop Wilson has just been re-elected as chairman of the Australian Catholic Bishops ' Conference , and is widely tipped as a possible successor to the Archbishop of Sydney , Cardinal George Pell , if Cardinal Pell leaves Sydney to take up a senior post in the Vatican .
The Maitland - Newcastle diocese has become notorious as perhaps the epicentre of Catholic clerical sexual abuse in Australia .
Four serious paedophile priests have been jailed since 1997 .
Father Vincent Ryan 's crimes led to a $ 6 million compensation payout to victims - a record for the Catholic Church in Australia so far .
Father John Denham is due to be sentenced later this month , and the compensation settlement with his victims is expected to be even larger .
Yet another priest , Father David O'Hearn , is due to stand trial in the next two weeks .
Now a victim of convicted paedophile Father James Fletcher , who died in jail in 2006 , says Archbishop Philip Wilson was a priest living in the bishop 's house in Maitland when Fletcher was also living there in the late 1970s , and that Philip Wilson should have been aware that he was being sexually abused in Fletcher 's upstairs bedroom .
Peter Gogarty says Philip Wilson regularly saw him in Fletcher 's company as he was being taken upstairs to Fletcher 's bedroom , and after he came back downstairs .
At one point , when Bishop Leo Clarke became suspicious , Gogarty was banned from being in the bishop 's house , but Fletcher continued to sneak him in the back door .
Peter Gogarty says Philip Wilson should have intervened .
" Jim started sneaking me in the back door in the kitchen in the back of the house , straight past the common room where I would regularly pass Philip Wilson and then up the stairs to his bedroom , " he said .
Conveniently for Jim Fletcher , Peter Gogarty was attending a school right next door to the bishop 's house .
He says the abuse would occur at lunch time and many afternoons after school .
He says he has spoken to Archbishop Wilson over the phone in recent years about what the archbishop thought was going on .
" I asked now Archbishop Wilson what he thought was happening at the time .
Did he know that Bishop Clarke had banned me from the house ?
His response was , no , he did n't know anything about that , and that as far as he was concerned Jim was a good bloke and he did n't think Jim was up to anything untoward , " he said .
Peter Gogarty says he can't accept this explanation from Archbishop Wilson .
" I think , how could a man living in a house with another man not even be remotely curious as to why his house - mate was taking at least one boy up to his bedroom , and there may have been others . "
Two weeks ago , Peter Gogarty lodged an official complaint with the NSW Police .
Today Archbishop Wilson responded to a series of questions put to him by the ABC .
He has denied any knowledge that Jim Fletcher was sexually abusing Peter Gogarty in the bishop 's house .
In 1978 , Philip Wilson was made director of Religious Education for the Maitland - Newcastle diocese and taught at St Pius X High School , Adamstown , in Newcastle .
St Pius X was the scene of horrific sexual assaults on young boys by another teacher at the school , Father John Denham .
Denham is due to be sentenced this month over 135 offences on 39 victims .
It is expected that the compensation settlement for Denham 's victims will be even higher than that paid out to victims of Father Vincent Ryan , and that it could potentially bankrupt the diocese .
A former student of St Pius X High School from 1975 to 1979 , Stephen Kilkeary was taught religion by Archbishop Wilson in 1978 when he was in Year 10 .
He says the atmosphere at St Pius X was violent , and that boys were frequently sexually assaulted .
He says he finds it impossible to believe that Philip Wilson did not know about what was going on :
" My view would be that it would be impossible for anybody not to know , it was so rampant , so endemic .
Everybody talked about it , not just at the school , even in the local community it was widely known that boys were being sexually abused at the school , " said Mr Kilkeary .
Responding to questions put to him by the ABC , Archbishop Wilson has denied that he had any knowledge that Denham was assaulting boys at St Pius X while he was teaching there .
McAlinden allegations
Two weeks ago , a former principal of St Joseph 's Primary School , Merriwa , west of Newcastle , accused Archbishop Wilson of being involved in covering - up the sexual assault of an eight - year - old girl by Father Denis McAlinden in 1985 .
At the time , Philip Wilson was secretary to then bishop of Maitland - Newcastle , Leo Clarke , and he was sent to the school to talk to parents .
Former principal Mike Stanwell says Philip Wilson assured him that McAlinden would be sent away to get help .
Instead McAlinden was transferred to another parish where he came into contact with other children , and later he was transferred to a remote parish in the Pilbara region of Western Australia .
Over the next decade he sexually assaulted five more girls under the age of 10 .
In 1995 Philip Wilson took a statement from one of these girls who recently lodged an official complaint with the NSW Police .
The ABC has obtained a copy of her letter to police , which states :
" I have advice from a Senior Counsel that based on the documents which are now in the possession of the NSW Police , there are sufficient grounds to warrant an investigation by the Police .
" The purpose of this letter is to formally complain about the conduct of the people noted above , and to request on behalf of all the victims of Father Denis McAlinden that you undertake an urgent inquiry into their conduct . "
NSW Police are now investigating documents which show that only days after Philip Wilson took the girl 's statement in October 1995 , Bishop Leo Clarke launched a secret " defrocking " process , promising Denis McAlinden in a letter that his " good name " would be protected .
That letter concludes : " A speedy resolution of this whole matter will be in your own good interests as I have it on very good authority that some people are threatening seriously to take this whole matter to the police . "
Bishop Leo Clarke died in 2006 , the year before NSW Police established Strikeforce Georgiana to investigate sexual abuse in the Maitland - Newcastle diocese .
Bishop Clarke was never interviewed about the full extent of abuse in the diocese .
In previous media statements , Archbishop Wilson has claimed he referred all complaints of abuse he received about Denis McAlinden to Bishop Clarke .
But Peter Gogarty says he does n't think that is good enough .
" I do n't think passing on your responsibility to someone else resolves you of you own responsibility .
I just see that as an easy opt out to say , ' It is not my problem ' , " he said .
Diocese cover-ups
Archbishop Wilson is not the first former vicar general of the Maitland - Newcastle diocese to be accused of a cover -up .
In 1996 NSW Police wanted to charge Monsignor Patrick Cotter over his concealment of sexual assaults by Father Vincent Ryan in the early 1970s , but the NSW Director of Public Prosecutions ruled that Cotter was too old to stand trial .
Cotter died in 2007 .
Last year another vicar general , Father Thomas Brennan , was convicted of making a false written statement to protect Father John Denham , and placed on a 12 - month good behaviour bond .
He is the only person in a position of authority in the Catholic Church in Australia to be convicted for covering - up abuse .
The present bishop of Maitland - Newcastle , Michael Malone , has been warned by police for " tipping off " Father Jim Fletcher that he was under police investigation .
The Ombudsman 's report into the incident was highly critical of the bishop 's role .
Bishop Malone has since apologised to victims for his poor handling of the issue .
Peter Gogarty says he believes Archbishop Wilson 's response to media queries has been inadequate .
" I would really like him to come clean and apologise for all of this , and I would like him to look people in the eye who have been hurt by all of this and say , ' I am sorry ' . "
It 's still not a true Gmail app ( sigh ) , but it 's a step in the right direction , we suppose .
Google has today announced that it has released an experimental user interface for the iPad built on the Gmail for mobile HTML5 web app , but unlike the iPhone and Android versions , this one has been retooled a bit to best take advantage of those extra pixels .
iPad Gmailers will find a two - pane view with their conversations on the left and messages on the right , and while it 's not exactly revolutionary , it 's certainly better than what we 're being forced to use on existing smartphones ( and their comparatively minuscule displays ) .
The company 's openly asking for feedback once your iPad lands , and we could n't help but notice that it pointed to the fact that Google is still the default search engine embedded into Safari .
Who knows -- maybe Steve and Eric really talking about butterflies and buttercups the other day .
Everyone knows that a film has a script , and this script must be followed when being filmed .
However , sometimes , unscripted things happen which make movies what they become , whether it ’s made up lines , or simply new ideas .
This list features 15 of the best scenes and lines that were made up by either the actors or directors and were not in the original script .
15 Mars Attacks Alien language ( Tim Burton , 1996 )
In Mars Attacks , no dialogue was written for the Martians so Frank Welker made up his own language for them .
Fact : The Martian Girl dress had no zipper or buttons ( to make it as smooth as possible ) , so Lisa Marie had to be sewn into it every day .
14 40 Year Old Virgin
You know how I know you ’re gay ?
( Judd Apatow , 2005 )
Paul Rudd and Seth Rogan played off each other brilliantly in this scene , however , a different version than the one in the video was used for the real movie .
All of the “ You know how I know you ’re gay ” insults were unscripted and in fact , a large portion of the film was improvised .
Fact : During the “ you know how I know you ’re gay ” scene , Paul Rudd is wearing a t - shirt that has a picture of himself on it .
13 Tootsie Party talk ( Sydney Pollack , 1982 )
Bill Murray plays Dustin Hoffman ’s play writing roommate , and in this scene , he is talking to a bunch of people at a party .
Pollack wanted a monologue from Murray , and the other actors in the scene were not informed making any response , interesting .
His stories are made to seem like they last the whole party and were all completely ad libbed by Murray .
Fact : Dustin Hoffman suggested the title , which was his mother ’s dog ’s nickname .
12 Shaun of the Dead Ed in the Pub ( Edgar Wright , 2004 )
View youtube clip here .
There are several different takes of the scene where Nick Frost ’s character Ed attempts to cheer up Shaun by telling stories about the pub regulars .
In the scenes , he describes the woman as an ex-pornstar , supposedly all made up on the spot .
Simon Pegg ’s laughter is genuine as a result of this .
Fact :
The non-featured zombie extras were paid the princely sum of £ 1 a day for their troubles .
11 A Clockwork Orange Dance rape scene ( Stanley Kubrick , 1971 )
View youtube clip here .
Kubrick ’s classic about the adventures of a young man is one of his finest works , and one of three movies on this list alone .
The scene in which the gang break into the house was shot many times , but Kubrick was n’t happy with how it looked .
He suggested to Malcolm McDowell , who played Alex de Large , that he add in a little dance spontaneously during the next take .
He did , and it was included in the final film .
Fact : Filming the rape scene was so difficult for the actress originally cast in the role .
She quit and the part was recast to Adrienne Corri , who was said to have been furious with Stanley Kubrick for the scores of takes he required for this infamous scene , feeling it should have been done swiftly .
10 Caddyshack The Cinderella story ( Harold Ramis , 1980 )
Bill Murray improvised the “ Cinderella story ” sequence from two lines of stage direction .
Director Harold Ramis simply asked Murray to emulate a kid announcing his own fantasy sports moment .
Murray simply asked for four rows of ‘ mums and did the scene in one take .
Fact :
The scene where Carl and Ty are talking in Carl ’s “ house ” was almost entirely improvised between Bill Murray and Chevy Chase .
9 Saving Private Ryan
The barn story ( Steven Spielberg , 1998 )
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q171UBuJwGI
One of my favorite scenes in Saving Private Ryan , involves Matt Damon ’s character telling Tom Hank ’s character a story about his three brothers and a girl from back home .
All of this was ad libbed by Matt Damon .
Fact : The Omaha Beach scene cost $ 11 million to shoot and involved up to 1000 extras , some of whom were members of the Irish Army Reserve .
Of those extras , 20 - 30 of them were amputees issued with prosthetic limbs to simulate soldiers having their limbs blown off .
8 Full Metal Jacket Drill Sergeant ( Stanley Kubrick , 1987 )
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2m_1hglRkPk
R. Lee Ermey was actually a real drill sergeant and his part in this classic war film was largely unscripted .
The beginning of the film is an absolute comic masterpiece , made famous by Ermey ’s shouting at the guys who have just joined the army .
Fact :
When Ermey said , “ I ’ll bet you ’re the kind of guy that would fuck a person in the ass and not even have the goddam common courtesy to give him a reach - around .
I ’ll be watching you , ” , Kubrick had to stop and ask what a reach - around was as he did n’t know .
7 Midnight Cowboy I ’m walking here !
( John Schlesinger , 1969 )
This has been disputed as being a genuine ad lib or not as Dustin Hoffman ( who plays ‘ Ratso ’ Rizzo ) claims he made it up , and the director claims it was always in the script .
The defense of both parties is understandable as the line has become incredibly famous .
As Hoffman is walking down the street with Jon Voight ’s character , Joe Buck , a yellow cab nearly runs him over which leads Hoffman to bash on the hood and shout “ I ’m walking here ! ” , before retorting to his on - screen partner , “ Actually , that ai n’t a bad way to pick up insurance y’ know . ” , all in his unique New York parlance .
Fact : Dustin Hoffman kept pebbles in his shoe to ensure his limp would be consistent from shot to shot .
6 The Shining Here ’s Johnny !
( Stanley Kubrick , 1980 )
A film adapted from the Stephen King novel about a father that goes mad while staying in an evil , isolated hotel for the winter , has become one of Kubrick ’s most well - known films .
The dark mood that is created as Jack Nicholson smashes his way through the door is juxtaposed with his version of a catchphrase used on the Johnny Carson Show ( A hugely popular show at the time ) , giving an incredibly creepy , yet humorous effect and making it the best - known line from the film .
It was , of course , improvised by Nicholson .
Fact : Allegedly , Kubrick would scream and shout at Shelley Duval ( playing Wendy Torrance ) in order to get her to show real fear , and it ’s even claimed her slapped her in one take .
5 The Empire Strikes Back “ I love you . ” “ I know ” ( Irvin Kershner , 1980 )
Harrison
Ford plays the cocky rogue , Han Solo , and in one of his rare scenes where the script required him to show some compassion , the act Ford had cemented for Solo was so strong that the original line , “ I love you too ” did n’t work .
George Lucas told Ford to just say what he thought was best and “ I know ” was the result , fitting in with his character ’s persona perfectly .
Fact : Carrie Fisher stood on a box for many of her scenes with Harrison Ford in order to make up for the height difference and have her appear in the frame with him .
Carrie Fisher is about a foot shorter than Harrison Ford .
4 Raiders Of The Lost Ark Sword fight ( Steven Spielberg , 1981 )
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cdYrBsWhtk
This scene has been made famous not only for what it shows , but the story behind it .
The original script had a long sword fight between Indiana ( Harrison Ford ) and the swordsman in black .
However , a day before the shoot was due , Ford got terrible food poisoning and dysentery and after speaking to Spielberg , got the scene changed so that after the man ’s impressive pre-fight moves , Indiana just shoots the guy dead , fitting in with the character ’s ethos .
Fact :
In a deleted scene , where the character of Sallah is confronted by a Nazi soldier , John Rhys - Davies who was suffering from cholera at the time was required to bend down .
Unfortunately this prompted the very sick Rhys - Davies to soil himself .
3 Taxi Driver
You talkin’ to me ?
( Martin Scorsese , 1976 )
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XzPBUGUM7KQ
The famous “ you talkin ’ to me ? ” monologue in Taxi Driver was actually completely improvised by Robert De Niro .
The original script just said “ Travis looks in the mirror ” , but Scorsese liked what De Niro did so much , he kept it in the film .
Fact :
What he ’s saying is actually used as a warm up for actors , the idea being you put the emphasis on a different word each time you say it , i.e. “ YOU talking to me ? ” , “ You talking to ME ? ” and so on .
2 The Silence Of The Lambs The hiss ( Jonathan Demme , 1991 )
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BjGpcEA-FyE&feature=related
Although he has less than 25 minutes of screen time , Anthony Hopkins won an Oscar for Best Actor for his portrayal as the cannibal , Dr. Hannibal Lecter .
The incredibly famous line , “ A census taker once tried to test me .
I ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice Chianti. ” , was immortalized by Hopkin ’s hiss , which he originally did as a joke .
The result disturbed Jodie Foster ( playing Agent Starling ) so much that the look on her face in genuine .
Fact :
The pattern on the butterfly ’s back in the movie posters is not the natural pattern of the Death ’s - Head Hawk Moth .
It is , in fact , Salvador Dalí ’s “ In Voluptas Mors ” , a picture of seven naked women made to look like a human skull .
1 Dr Strangelove
Rated as one of the best films of all time , Peter Seller ’s is often credited as the Co- Writer , improvising so many of his lines within the film .
He plays 3 characters in the film , one of them being a wheelchair - bound nuclear weapons expert , who has past associations with the Nazis .
Constantly calling the US president “ Mein Fuhrer ” , strangling himself , and pushing down his involuntary Nazi salutes all made Seller ’s character what it is .
The final line of the film , “ Mein Fuhrer , I can walk ! ” was also apparently made up by Sellers , as he got out of his chair forgetting he was supposed to be disabled .
Fact :
In the novel on which the film is based upon , ( Red Alert by Peter George ) the character of Dr. Strangelove , does n’t even exist .
A testament to Seller ’s incredible talents .
NEW ORLEANS — Media organizations say they are being allowed only limited access to areas impacted by the Gulf oil spill through restrictions on plane and boat traffic that are making it difficult to document the worst spill in U.S. history .
In at least two cases , a media organization and a seaplane pilot say BP PLC -- the company responsible for cleaning up the spill -- appeared to have a role in deciding on access .
Other media , including The Associated Press , have reported coverage problems because their access has been restricted , though not all have linked the decision to BP .
Government officials say restrictions are needed to protect wildlife and ensure safe air traffic .
Ted Jackson , a photographer for The Times - Picayune newspaper in New Orleans , said Saturday that access to the spill " is slowly being strangled off . "
A CBS news story said one of its reporting teams was threatened with arrest by the Coast Guard and turned back from an oiled beach at the mouth of the Mississippi River .
The story said the reporters were told the denial was under " BP 's rules . "
U.S. Coast Guard and Federal Aviation Administration officials said BP PLC was not controlling access .
Coast Guard officials also said there was no intent to conceal the scope of the disaster .
Rather , they said , the spill 's complexity had made it difficult to allow the open access sought by the media .
Associated Press Senior Managing Editor Mike Oreskes said the news organization was concerned about the restrictions .
" The Coast Guard obviously has a responsibility to protect natural habitats from both the seeping oil and from excessive traffic , " Oreskes said in a statement .
" But we have a shared responsibility to keep the public informed about this extraordinary event .
It is not the job of either the government or BP to keep journalists from seeing what has happened . "
Coast Guard Lt. Commander Rob Wyman said personnel involved in the CBS dispute said no one was threatened with arrest .
Vessels responding to the spill are surrounded by a 500 yard " standoff area " with restricted access , he said .
" If we see anybody impeding operations , we 're going to ask you to move .
We 're going to ask you to back up and move away , " he said .
BP contractors are operating alongside the FAA and Coast Guard at a command center that approves or denies flight requests .
Charter pilots say they have been denied permission to fly below 3,000 feet when they have reporters or photographers aboard .
Those special flight restrictions , imposed on May 12 , cover thousands of square miles of the Gulf and a broad swath of Louisiana 's coast .
Normally there are no restrictions on flying .
A police officer has been charged with robbing and bashing a cab driver in Sydney 's eastern suburbs .
The 23 - year - old off - duty constable from Central Metropolitan Region police station allegedly jumped in the cab on Bayswater Road , Kings Cross about 2 am on Saturday .
During the ride he is said to have got into an argument with the male driver , who pulled over in Todman Avenue , Randwick .
" After allegedly assaulting the cab driver and stealing a number of items from the cab the 23 - year - old man ran from the scene , " a police statement said .
The constable was arrested at 5.30 pm on Saturday and charged with assault and robbery .
He was given bail and is due to appear at Downing Centre Local Court on June 28 .
AAP
Fernando Torres has identified the sale of Liverpool 's " engine " , Xabi Alonso , as one of the principal reasons for the club 's struggles this year .
The Spanish striker also said the club 's current team were not strong enough mentally to overcome a poor start .
Yet despite his damning analysis he said Liverpool could recover with " a vengeance " , with Rafael Benítez as manager .
In a frank assessment of a miserable season at Anfield , in which Champions League qualification is in jeopardy and when doubts have been raised over where Torres , Steven Gerrard and Benítez will be next term , the Liverpool striker blamed last summer 's transfer strategy for much of the club 's problems .
Torres admits to witnessing parallels between Liverpool and Atlético Madrid , the boyhood club he left in frustration in 2007 , and cites the £ 30 m sale of Alonso to Real Madrid , Alvaro Arbeloa 's £ 3.5 m move to the same club and Sami Hyypia 's transfer to Bayer Leverkusen as causes of the club 's failure to build on last season 's second - placed finish in the Premier League .
In an interview with the Spanish sports magazine Don Balon , Torres said : " There have been various important factors , like the fact that we were so far off the top of the table so quickly .
That killed us psychologically and has stopped us changing the situation .
After that , injuries hit us pretty hard and we have felt that a lot .
After a good season last year , the team needed certain reinforcements and keep the squad together , but circumstances dictated that we had to sell players and everything got messed up .
" The sale of Arbeloa , Hyypia and Alonso was an important loss .
Alvaro was a player who did a vital job for us , always played to a high level and his flexibility was a huge bonus .
Sami may not have played every week but he was a 10 out of 10 on and off the pitch , bringing calm to the ground and having everyone 's admiration .
" And Xabi … players like Xabi are very rare .
He was the team 's engine and you know that when you change an engine , it takes time to work again . "
The Europa League represents Liverpool 's last chance of silverware this season and Torres , who will be fit to face Benfica in the quarter - final second leg at Anfield tomorrow , concedes there are similarities between recent disappointments and his ultimate disillusionment at Atlético .
He added : " It 's difficult to compare [ the two clubs ] because the level of expectation and the sort of objectives we have are totally different , as much in a personal sense as a collective one .
But , yes , you could say that there have been certain situations that look similar , above all in this last year . "
Torres 's comments may heighten speculation over his Liverpool future , although the 26 - year - old has repeatedly said that he wants to stay at Anfield , providing the squad is strengthened this summer .
The striker believes Benítez will remain as Liverpool 's manager and does not consider the club to be in terminal decline .
" Rafa signed a five - year contract last summer because he wants to improve the club .
So I think that this new era of Rafa 's is only just starting , " he said .
" Big clubs in Europe always go through difficult spells where it appears as though there is no light at the end of the tunnel .
But because they are big clubs , they always come back and they do so with a vengeance .
It is just a matter of time . "
The total , which includes students , people looking after a sick relative or those who have given up looking for work , increased by 88,000 in the latest quarter and is now the worst since records began in 1971 .
Media giant CNN caused more than a few raised eyebrows in the tech community when it was revealed recently that it installs an application that lets CNN use subscribers ’ computers to distribute its live streaming content the first time viewers sign in to view streaming content .
It ’s not a drive - by download or some insidious secret hack — more of a social engineering scam , actually .
Millions of users who signed up for the live streaming feed of U.S. President Barach Obama ’s inauguration last month were told they could n’t get hooked in unless they first installed something called ‘ the Octoshape Grid Delivery enhancement ’ for their Flash Player .
Among other things , the ‘ enhancement ’ turns subscribers ’ computers into relay stations , making them part of a grid to , “ deliver parts of the video and audio stream to other end users of the Software , ” as the Octoshape end user agreement clearly states .
Octoshape Grid Delivery is a peer - to - peer application that , in effect , uses the subscriber ’s computer and Internet connection to create an ad - hoc distribution network for CNN .
CNN and independent security researchers confirm that the octoshape ‘ enhancement ’ is still being installed the first time a fan views any streaming CNN program feed .
Non-streaming ( pre-recorded ) CNN video clips do not require installation of Octoshape .
Critics of CNN ’s Octoshape gambit say CNN indulged in deceptive marketing to get end users to become part of their network .
They also note that CNN downloaded the cost of distributing its streaming feeds to end users and ISP without asking their permission or expressly informing them .
And , of course , there is the question of security .
Researchers charge that other Web sites which are ‘ Octoshape aware ’ can detect it on your system and activate it for their own purposes without your knowledge .
You can find out if you have Octoshape running on your system by right - clicking in any clear space the Windows Task Bar and then clicking on Task Manager .
If you see an entry labeled ‘ octoshape.exe ’ under the ‘ Processes ’ tab , you ’ve got the bug .
To remove Octoshape , use Add / Remove Programs in XP or Programs and Features in Vista to uninstall the app in the conventional way .
Mac users must manually delete the Octoshape folder that the download created on their systems to rid themselves of the infestation .
Science fiction legend Norman Spinrad ( author of , among other things , the very first episode of Star Trek , I think one that was never produced ) is about to undergo surgery for stomach cancer , today .
He talks frankly of the procedure .
Norman Spinrad came up during my research for Mythmakers and Lawbreakers because he ’s an anarcho - syndicalist , and many of his novels directly reflect that .
So here ’s to one of our own , and hoping to the various minor gods who look after radicals in surgery that all goes well .
Consider the questions of existence .
" Who am I ?
Why am I here ?
Does God exist ? "
These are the questions man has asked ever since he first gazed at the stars and dreamed .
My Vulcan ancestors were ruled by their emotions .
They felt with their hearts … made love with their hearts … and believed with their hearts .
Above all else , they believed in a place where these questions of existence would be answered .
Modern dogma tells us this place is a myth … a fantasy concocted by pagans .
It is no fantasy !
I tell you it exists !
My brothers , we have been chosen to undertake the greatest adventure of all time – the discovery of Sha Ka Ree . "
Sha Ka Ree was a location in pagan Vulcan mythology from which all of creation was said to have originated , and man 's questions about life and existence could be answered .
In our cultures , Sha Ka Ree was known by many other names : The Source , Heaven , the Human conception of Eden ( or Paradise ) , the Klingon Qui'Tu , the Romulan Vorta Vor , and a name unpronounceable in the Andorian language .
It was said to be located in the galactic core .
The renegade Vulcan Sybok embarked on a quest to locate Sha Ka Ree , recruiting a large number of followers via telepathic manipulation .
By 2287 he was finally able to acquire control of the USS Enterprise - A using this technique .
Sybok informed Captain Kirk that he had located Sha Ka Ree via visions given to him by God himself .
Although Kirk initially thought Sybok to be mad , his visions seemed to be proven correct when , after successfully penetrating the Barrier , the Enterprise crew encountered a planet on the other side .
However , they found out the being on the planet was not God but a malevolent alien entity that tried to trick them into freeing it from the planet .
( Star Trek V : The Final Frontier )
New research uncovers some surprising information about how sex hormones control masculinization of the brain during development and drive gender related behaviors in adult males .
The study , published in the April 29 issue of the journal Neuron , demonstrates that direct action of testosterone , the prototypical male hormone , is unnecessary for masculinizing the brain and behavior .
Testosterone and estrogen are thought to play an essential role in organizing and activating gender - specific patterns of behavior in sexually reproducing animals .
Testosterone is produced by the testes and directly activates the androgen receptor ( AR ) in target tissues such as muscle .
Estrogen is produced by the ovaries and is nearly undetectable in the circulation of males of most species .
However , circulating testosterone in males can be converted into estrogen in the brain , and this testosterone - derived estrogen has been shown to control many male behaviors .
" It was known that testosterone and estrogen are essential for typical male behaviors in many vertebrate species , " explains the study 's senior author , Dr. Nirao M. Shah from the Department of Anatomy at the University of California , San Francisco .
" However , how these two hormones interact to control masculinization of the brain and behavior remained to be established . "
Dr. Shah and colleagues found that during the neonatal testosterone surge there is very little AR expressed in the developing brain , making it unlikely that testosterone signaling via AR plays a major role in masculinizing neural pathways .
Importantly , they went on to show that the male pattern of AR expression in the brain was dependent on testosterone - derived estrogen signaling .
The researchers then used a genetic approach to knock out the AR in the mouse nervous system and observed that these mutants still exhibited male type mating , fighting , and territorial marking behaviors .
However , these mutant males had striking reductions in specific components of these masculine behaviors .
These results show that testosterone signaling via AR does not control masculine differentiation of the brain and behavior but regulates the frequency and extent of male typical behaviors .
" Our findings in conjunction with previous work suggest a model for the control of male pattern behaviors in which estrogen masculinizes the neural circuits for mating , fighting , and territory marking , and testosterone and estrogen signaling generate the male typical levels of these behaviors , " concludes Dr. Shah .
" It will be interesting in future studies to identify the molecular and circuit level mechanisms that are controlled by these hormones . "
The researchers include Scott A. Juntti , University of California , San Francisco , San Francisco , CA ; Jessica Tollkuhn , University of California , San Francisco , San Francisco , CA ; Melody V. Wu , University of California , San Francisco , San Francisco , CA ; Eleanor J. Fraser , University of California , San Francisco , San Francisco , CA ; Taylor Soderborg , University of California , San Francisco , San Francisco , CA ; Stella Tan , University of California , San Francisco , San Francisco , CA ; Shin-Ichiro Honda , Fujita Health University , Toyoake , Aichi , Japan ; Nobuhiro Harada , Fujita Health University , Toyoake , Aichi , Japan ; and Nirao M. Shah , University of California , San Francisco , San Francisco , CA .
HEALTH UPDATES ON TWITTER HEALTH UPDATES ON TWITTER A new U.S. study suggests that while one - third fewer teens are turning to inhalants to get high , more youths are now using propellants , such as aerosol sprays designed to clean electronics like computer keyboards .
The results do n't present a full picture of inhalant use because researchers only looked at cases reported to poison control centers .
Still , the finding about propellants is significant , said study co-author Dr. Toby Litovitz .
" Parents should be aware that these readily available products are likely to be abused , " said Litovitz , executive and medical director of the National Capital Poison Center , in Washington , D.C. Inhalant users can experience mind - altering effects when they inhale chemical vapors .
" Glue sniffers " are perhaps most familiar to the public , but users try to inhale a wide range of other common products , from gasoline to deodorant sprays .
The study authors examined statistics from poison control centers in the United States and found 35,453 cases of inhalant abuse reported between 1993 and 2008 .
During that time , the number of annual cases fell by one - third .
National surveys also suggest that inhalant use has gone down since the mid-1990s , said University of Michigan research scientist Lloyd D. Johnston , who studies inhalant use .
But in contrast to national surveys that suggest that males and females use inhalants almost equally , almost three - quarters of the cases reported to poison control centers were among males .
Abusers tried to inhale more than 3,400 different products .
Almost 16 % of cases involved propellants , mainly computer and electronics duster sprays .
Other types of commonly used inhalants included gasoline , paint ( particularly spray paint ) , paint thinner , lighter fluid and aerosol air fresheners .
Butane , found in lighters , was n't very commonly used but was linked to the most deaths .
Propane , air fresheners , nitrous oxide and carburetor cleaners were also especially likely to cause death , the researchers found .
Smaller numbers of cases — in the hundreds — involved typewriter correction fluid , ink markers and hair spray , among other products .
" Only two product categories were implicated more frequently in cases that involved girls compared to boys : nail products and hair sprays , " study co-author Litovitz said .
Few of the 30,094 reported cases of use of a single inhalant resulted in death .
There were 167 deaths and 705 cases of " major " health effects , the study authors reported .
The message of the study is that inhalants are hazardous , said Dr. Robert Balster , director of the Institute for Drug and Alcohol Studies at Virginia Commonwealth University .
" The notion some parents have that experimentation with inhalants is a harmless phase that many youth go through is clearly wrong .
Inhalants are very dangerous , and need to be treated that way . "
Johnston said it 's time for another public awareness campaign about the hazards of inhalants like the one in the 1990s that may have helped lower the use of inhalants .
Younger teens are probably at highest risk because older teens move on to drugs that they consider to be more " grown up , " Johnston said .
But the younger adolescents " probably do n't realize the risks in many cases . "
The study findings are published in the May issue of the journal Pediatrics .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
A senior Iranian cleric says women who wear revealing clothing and behave promiscuously are to blame for earthquakes .
Iran is one of the world 's most earthquake - prone countries , and the cleric 's unusual explanation for why the earth shakes follows a prediction by President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad that a quake is certain to hit Tehran and that many of its 12 million inhabitants should relocate .
" Many women who do not dress modestly ... lead young men astray , corrupt their chastity and spread adultery in society , which [ consequently ] increases earthquakes , " Hojatoleslam Kazem Sedighi was quoted as saying by Iranian media .
Women in the Islamic Republic are required by law to cover from head to toe , but many , especially the young , ignore some of the stricter codes and wear tight coats and scarves pulled back that show much of the hair .
" What can we do to avoid being buried under the rubble ? "
Sedighi asked during a prayer sermon on Friday .
But what about merely irrelevant statements , or only implicitly misleading ones ?
Standard economic models say such claims are , well , irrelevant , so there should be no need to regulate them .
But according to recent behavioral research , it ’s a distinction without a difference .
Although cigarette advertisements , for example , typically portray smokers as young , healthy and attractive , smoking can make people look older and less healthy .
Such ads make no explicitly false claims , but that does n’t make them less misleading , even for informed consumers .
More troubling are instances in which politicians employ patently false statements to shift the terms of important public debates .
Decades before President George W. Bush tried to privatize Social Security , for example , Democratic presidential candidates regularly frightened Florida seniors with groundless accusations that their opponents would gut the program .
Of course , politicians of both parties have long taken liberties with the truth .
But as even conservative political commentators have begun to point out , Republicans have lately been far more aggressive in stretching traditional boundaries .
When Sarah Palin said that if health care reform legislation were adopted , her parents and her child with Down syndrome “ will have to stand in front of Obama ’s ‘ death panel ’ so his bureaucrats can decide , based on a subjective judgment of their ‘ level of productivity in society , ’ whether they are worthy of health care , ” most people probably realized the president had made no such proposal .
Her statement nonetheless shifted the terms of the debate , making it harder for legislators to focus on genuinely relevant issues .
CAN anything be done ?
For a variety of practical reasons , legal sanctions promise little protection against blatantly false statements .
It is helpful , to be sure , when journalists call out politicians who stray too far from the truth .
But merely knowing that a statement is false does n’t nullify its impact .
To be effective , a remedy must act prospectively .
It must discourage people from making false statements in the first place .
Economists have long recognized that social sanctions are often an effective alternative to legal and regulatory remedies .
As Adam Smith argued , moral sentiments are extremely powerful drivers of human behavior .
People who know they ’ll be ridiculed for telling untruths are more likely to show restraint .
Cars were burned and a mosque vandalised in the area last week Israel 's military has dubbed as " intolerable " what it described as a " riot " by settlers in the West Bank .
The military said about 100 settlers threw rocks and attacked soldiers as they tried to stop the settlers entering a Palestinian village .
One soldier was injured in the face by a thrown bottle .
Residents of the settlement of Yitzhar were quoted by Israeli media as saying the soldiers harrassed them as they tried to visit the area .
Israeli citizens from the area of Yitzhar tried to enter the nearby village of Madma in the northern West Bank on Tuesday evening , the military said in a statement .
Soldiers tried to set up a military zone , but more settlers arrived and pelted them with rocks , it said .
" Violence and raising hands up against IDF [ Israeli Defence Forces ] soldiers is crossing the line in an intolerable manner , " the statement said .
The incident occurred on Israel 's independence day , which the military said made it " all the more serious " .
Settlers quoted by the Israeli newspaper Haaretz said the military had been trying to prevent them from hiking in the area all day , and that a soldier had fired in the air during the confrontation - a charge the military denied .
' Spate of attacks '
Last week a mosque was vandalised with Hebrew grafitti , cars were burned and olive trees uprooted in the village of Hawarra , also near Yitzhar settlement .
Chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat condemned what he described as a recent spate of attacks on Palestinian property by settlers .
He said Israeli state policy had given rise to " a culture of violence , hatred and extremism in which Israeli settlers , often accompanied by Israeli soldiers , run riot across the West Bank " .
Israeli rights groups say the military often does not do enough to prevent attacks on Palestinians and their property .
Some hard - line settlers advocate a " price tag " policy under which they attack Palestinians in retaliation for any Israeli government measure they see as threatening Jewish settlements .
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's decision to limit building in the settlements for 10 - months to help restart peace talks with the Palestinians has angered many in the settler movement .
Jewish settlements in the West Bank , including East Jerusalem , are illegal under international law , though Israel disputes this .
Israel has occupied the West Bank , including East Jerusalem , since 1967 , settling close to 500,000 Jews in more than 100 settlements .
There are about 2.5 million Palestinians living in the West Bank .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Attribute to The Libertarian Enterprise
There is nothing particularly new in what I 'm about to say .
Many others have said it , or similar things , before me .
Apparently , they did n't say it loud enough , or often enough , or in the right time or place .
There appears to be a dividing - line in history .
I 'm not absolutely certain where it is though I could guess but up to that moment , war provided rulers with an opportunity and excuse to loot the nation of their adversary .
After that moment ( which was almost certainly the birth of modern democracy there : I said it , and I 'm glad ) , the opportunity and excuse that war provided rulers was to loot their own people .
The purpose of war then became to distract the population when it might otherwise object ( " Don'cha know there 's a war on ? " ) , and to systematically drain and impoverish it , enriching the rulers and their cronies while reducing the people to crippling dependency on the state .
It was at this point in history that perpetual war became inevitable .
I believe that we now find ourselves at another historical divide , brought about by personal computers , vastly improved communications , and a kind of slow , inexorable seepage of libertarian attitudes and ideas into the popular culture and the unconscious assumptions even of individual liberty 's most bitterly avowed enemies in this civilization .
Most people now understand that their rulers are corrupt , that they have always been corrupt , and that they will always be corrupt .
Of course if people had paid better attention to Lord Acton ( 1834 -1902 ) , who famously observed that " Power tends to corrupt , and absolute power corrupts absolutely .
Great men are almost always bad men , " they would have understood this fact of reality a great deal sooner .
Most people now understand that institutions never work for long , that independent human beings just do n't play very well together in hierarchies , and that all institutions end up being band - aided over , from foundation to flagpole , with secrecy and lies , simply to prevent them from toppling over from the weight of their own absurd internal contradictions .
It 's a hard lesson to learn ; it includes the National Rifle Association , the Libertarian Party , and even the Boy Scouts of America .
Most people now understand that advertised ideological differences between " progressives " and " conservatives " , and between the Democratic Party and the Republican Party , are a bald - faced lie , and that , in terms of their practical effect on the everyday life of the average individual , they are or might as well be a single all - consuming entity .
What makes all of this important is that our rulers struggling against the current of history to remain in controlare aware that most people understand these things , and one way or another , history will never be the same .
The question , of course , is , which way or another ?
While Americans rose up disgustedly in 2008 and rejected the lies , stupidities , and insane excesses of the Bush Administration , they inadvertently saddled themselves with the lies , stupidities , and insane excesses of the Obama Administration , which have been and clearly promise to continue being at least a hundred times worse .
So now , they seem to be preparing to throw the new regime off , as well .
The Obamanistas know that their window is closing .
Their frenzied , hysterical drive to impose certain articles of " progressive " faith on this country , in the face of massive popular opposition and against Constitutional law collectivized medicine , state control of money , banking , and industrial finance , amnesty for illegal aliens that will eventually allow them to vote the left into power forever , advancement of the surveillance state , a long - cherished goal of sweeping victim disarmament , and , ultimately , the Pol Pot - style regimentation and productive class genocide inherent in the United Nations ' Agenda 21 has not only caused a general " awakening " in people who have always had better things to do with their lives than politics , but a dawning , widespread realization that simply swinging back to the other side , no more respectful of their lives , liberty , property , or the rule of law than the present regime , is n't going to get anything done that needs doing .
The cultural cancer that is unchecked authority , whether you choose to label it " socialism " , " fascism " , or " corporatism " ( more differences that make no difference ) must be excised as quickly as possible or there can be no turning back for America or our species .
Beyond a certain point , all I see is insect archaeologists a million years from now , sifting through the ruins , wondering how we humans messed it all up , when the future a future of freedom , immortality , and the stars was spread out before us like a groaning banquet table .
Elsewhere in this issue , I have discussed a likelihood that the 2010 and 2012 elections could be postponed or cancelled altogether .
There is nothing that our current rulers would n't do to remain in power and achieve their objectives .
Where their attempts to smear dissenters as racists have failed , they now attempt to smear them as " terrorists " , having hand - crafted legislation and executive orders into an excuse to lock up half the country , if they should decide it necessary .
They have developed projected energy weapons to blind or induce intolerable pain in thousands of people at a time , which should come in handy at Tea Party and other protest rallies .
The Internet throbs with stories about gigantic concentration camps being gouged out and fenced off across the countryside .
Since the regime can no longer rely on the military to impose their will ( thanks , in part , to individuals and groups like Oathkeepers ) , they plan to keep it tied up overseas while trying to raise their own , unconstitutional " civilian security force ' .
A recent rereading of parts of Machiavelli's The Prince , and Murray Rothbard 's famous essay on it ( " Who Was Niccolo Machiavelli ? " ) leads me to put absolutely nothing past our would - be owners .
The Move bombing , Ruby Ridge , Waco , perhaps even Oklahoma City .
It would not surprise me in the least to see them , in extremity , using neutron bombs which kill people but leave taxable property intact to maintain the upper hand .
" Kill them all , " said the Bishop .
" God will know His own . "
There are those who maintain that it is too late for politics to have a positive effect on our situation .
Since there appears to be no alternative , short of taking up arms something we may be forced to do eventually politics , preferably unconventional politics , must suffice .
Those who disagree are perfectly free to sit on the sidelines and jeer .
It 's all that most of them I exclude those who write , speak , and draw in the cause of freedom have ever been good for anyway .
What can be done ?
Many of you are doing it right now .
Those of you who consider yourselves Republicans must not be distracted by phony " contracts " with , of , to , by , or from America , but insist instead that your party offer nothing but candidates committed to repeal every act of the previous administration , and to adhere consistently thereafter , fully in letter and spirit , to every word of the Bill of Rights , the contract that we already have , and the only one that actually means anything .
Democrats who remember that their party was n't always the party of socialism but , as established by Thomas Jefferson , was once the party of the people , intended to oppose illegitimate power , undue influence , and dishonestly acquired wealth , must see to the cleaning of their house , or leave it for something that better reflects Jefferson 's views .
Those of you who consider yourselves a part of the Tea Party movement must struggle not to be co-opted or absorbed by any other group or political party , but to remain leaderless , centerless , and , on that account , unstoppable .
The libertarian equivalent of the tea parties , the Western Libertarian Alliance , founded 15 years ago , has done just that they have been a big part of that slow , inexorable seepage of libertarian attitudes and ideas into popular culture and unconscious assumptions I mentioned at the start of this essay to an effect that will only become fully apparent over the next several years .
Remember ( and if you ever get a chance , you might pass it on to Roger Daltrey and Pete Townshend ) that the new boss can never turn out to be the same as the old boss , provided there is n't any boss at all .
Do n't get fooled again .
Like this ?
Why not pay the author !
Select amount then click " Donate Now "
select donation amount $ 0.02 $ 0.50 $ 1.00 $ 2.00 $ 3.00 $ 4.00 $ 5.00 $ 10.00 $ 20.00 $ 25.00 $ 30.00 $ 35.00 $ 40.00 $ 45.00 $ 50.00 $ 100.00
Pay to L. Neil Smith
lneil@netzero.com
A NEW York woman has filed a lawsuit after her 16 - year popcorn habit left her with permanent lung damage , the New York Post reports .
Agnes Mercado from Queens devoured two to three bags of Act II Lite microwave popcorn a day between 1991 and September 2007 .
The popcorn was flavored with diacetyl , a compound that gives food a buttery taste .
Workers who packaged the popcorn for manufacturer ConAgra Foods developed " popcorn lung , " an airway obstruction that does not respond to medicine .
The food giant dumped diacetyl from its recipe in 2007 .
Mercado , just diagnosed last month , uses an oxygen tank and is " likely to require a lung transplant , " the Queens Supreme Court suit against ConAgra says .
Read more at The New York Post .
NEW YORK —
The oil slick in the Gulf of Mexico is now about the size of Puerto Rico .
It 's already reached the marshes of Louisiana .
Oil - covered wildlife are starting to show up along the shores .
Shrimp , fish and oyster harvest areas have been closed .
Residents of Mississippi and Alabama are just waiting for the oil to hit .
As environmental calamity for the Gulf Coast appears imminent , GlobalPost looks at 10 other man-made environmental disasters — both forgotten and infamous — that could have been prevented .
( Read about the animal species most at risk from the Gulf oil spill . )
The Dust Bowl
The market - driven agricultural practices of U.S. farmers — plowing the virgin topsoil of the Great Plains and monoculture farming — led to one of the most disastrous ecological events in the nation ’s history .
Between 1930 and 1940 , drought conditions and depleted farmland caused severe dust storms , some reaching 10,000 feet in the sky and called “ Black Blizzards . ”
An estimated 2.5 million people were displaced and the catastrophe compounded the Great Depression , creating what some have called the country ’s “ most hard time . ”
Dust bowl of 1935 in Stratford , Texas .
( NOAA Photo Library , Historic NWS collection )
Poison in Minamata Bay
From 1932 to 1968 , the Chisso Corporation of Japan released industrial wastewater with high levels of mercury into the sea around the city of Minamata .
The mercury poisoned the marine food chain and in turn thousands of residents became ill , leading to the discovery of a new neurological condition called Chisso - Minamata Disease .
To date , more than 1,700 people have died from the disease , which can cause convulsions , loss of sight and hearing , paralysis , coma and death .
Ecocide in Vietnam
The Rainbow Herbicides showered over the jungles of Southeast Asia included Agent Blue , Purple and Pink , but Orange accounted for more than half of the nearly 20 million gallons of deadly chemicals used by the U.S. military between 1961 and 1971 .
The cost to human life was horrifying and the large - scale destruction of the region ’s environment led to the coinage of the word “ ecocide . ”
Nguyen Thi Thanh , 53 and her daughter , Tran Thi Le Huyen , 26 , who has spina bifida .
( Geoffrey Cain/ GlobalPost )
Death in Bhopal
In what is considered the world ’s worst industrial catastrophe , 32 tons of deadly chemical gases leaked into the city of Bhopal , India , on Dec. 3 , 1984 , and an estimated 9,000 people died immediately from the invisible , air - born poison .
The final death toll over the ensuing weeks has been estimated at 20,000 and hundreds of thousands of residents suffered permanent injuries .
Today , the Union Carbide plant , the site of the disaster , remains a toxic waste site contaminating the groundwater in Bhopal .
Mahmuda Bee , a survivor of the Bhopal disaster .
( Raj Patidar / Reuters )
Catastrophe at Chernobyl
First there was Windscale in 1957 , then Three Mile Island in 1979 , but when a nuclear reactor at the Chernobyl Nuclear Plant in Ukraine had a meltdown in 1986 , it became the worst nuclear power plant disaster in history .
The United Nation ’s Chernobyl Forum Report estimated the total number of deaths from cancer caused by the radiation exposure to be 4,000 .
A kindergarten in the abandoned town of Pripyat , Ukraine .
( Damir Sagolj / Reuters )
Keep reading to learn about five more environmental disasters .
The oil crisis
Although it is the most infamous oil spill in history , the Exxon Valdez catastrophe that dumped 11 million gallons of oil into the Prince William Sound of Alaska in 1989 is actually far from the largest on record .
The Gulf War oil spill in 1991 , for example , resulted in at least 160 million gallons of oil entering the Persian Gulf .
Nonetheless , Exxon Valdez heightened public awareness of the great environmental costs of oil spills and led Congress to pass the Oil Pollution Act in 1990 .
Tragically , clean - up efforts such as high - pressure washing of shorelines that followed Exxon Valdez also had detrimental effects on the once pristine ecosystem of the sound .
A bird stained with oil after a 2007 spill near Russia .
( Alexander Natruskin / Reuters )
Dying oceans
When the cod population crashed in the historically abundant waters off of Newfoundland in 1992 , 40,000 people lost their jobs and the effect on the region ’s marine ecosystem was devastating .
Today , fishing stocks from Iceland to Chile are overfished and suffering .
The writing on the wall could n’t be clearer :
The world ’s oceans are being pushed to their ecological limits .
And , diminishing populations of fish do n’t just affect the great predators of the seas , they bring the economies and livelihoods of their human predators down with them .
Wholesale market in Bangladesh .
( Andrew Biraj / Reuters )
Perfect storm over Lake Victoria
Today , the largest lake in Africa is the center of a perfect storm of environmental crises : chemical and raw sewage pollution ; overfishing ; a plague of water hyacinth plants ; exploding algae blooms that suffocate flora and fauna .
Additionally , the lake ’s border is shrinking by as much as 150 feet in some places .
Forty million Africans in Uganda , Kenya and Tanzania are dependent on Lake Victoria for their livelihoods and sustenance making this one of the worst unfolding environmental disasters .
A highly endangered shoebill .
( Reuters )
Rape of the Amazon
Twenty percent of the Amazon rainforest has been lost to logging , soy - farming , cattle ranches and roads in recent decades .
The damage to the forest ’s biodiversity is inestimable and the release of large amounts of carbon held in the forest ’s flora could be accelerating global warming .
Some experts now believe the way to mitigate deforestation of the Amazon could be to create better jobs through sustainable development .
" It 's no good people saying the Amazon has to be the sanctuary of humanity and forget that there are 20 million people living there , " said Brazil 's President Luiz Lula da Silva .
The Amazon near Mandaquiri , Brazil .
( Paulo Whitaker / Reuters )
Our warming planet
Jellyfish swarms .
Melting glaciers .
Lakes turned to desert .
Spreading disease .
The effects of global warming caused by increased greenhouse gases read like descriptions of the Great Tribulation in The Bible .
The first climate change conference was held in 1963 and with increasing urgency , scientists have been raising red flags ever since , warning us that because of unchecked consumption of fossil fuels , the human species is approaching a critical threshold where we will no longer be able to influence the warming climate .
Jellyfish near Majorca , Spain . ( Inaki Relanzon / Oceana )
Read about the animal species most at risk from the Gulf oil spill .
Subscribe and get comics in your inbox .
8 Websites You Need to Stop Building 8 websites which suck raging hurricane farts .
Idea inspired by this quote from a Macromedia employee .
Diane Abbott
Constituency : Hackney North and Stoke Newington
Age : 56
Background : Diane Abbott was elected MP for Hackney North and Stoke Newington in 1987 and has served the constituency ever since .
She was the first black woman to be elected to the House of Commons , and remained the only black female MP for ten years .
Before beginning her political career at Westminster City Council , she worked as a researcher in television .
She now appears as a regular pundit on the BBC politics show This Week along with the former Conservative MP Michael Portillo , with whom she has been friends since schooldays .
Abbott is a notable campaigner on issues of race and education , and gave an award - winning speech in defence of civil liberties during the debate on the Counterterrorism Act 2008 .
She voted against the Iraq war , and is generally considered to stand to the left of New Labour .
She has one son from her marriage to the architect Richard Thompson ( they divorced in 1993 ) .
The former Conservative MP Jonathan Aitken is her son's godfather .
Aitken was her voting " pair " in the Commons for several years .
Notable supporters :
One official nomination so far -- David Lammy .
Declared : 20 May 2010 on BBC Radio 4 's Today programme .
Soundbite : " Labour needs the broadest possible contest .
We can't go forward with a leadership debate where there is no woman . "
More on YourDemocracy
Read more about Diane Abbott 's leadership campaign from the New Statesman writers Alice Miles , James Macintyre and Mehdi Hasan .
Ed Balls
Constituency : Morley and Outwood
Age : 43
Background : Ed Balls has been an MP since the 2005 general election .
He was educated at Oxford and Harvard and worked for the Financial Times before his appointment as economic adviser to the then shadow chancellor , Gordon Brown , in 1994 .
Balls has since worked as chief economic adviser to the Treasury and was promoted to minister for children , schools and families when Gordon Brown became prime minister in 2007 .
Widely seen as Brown 's right - hand man , he was tipped for chancellor in the cabinet reshuffle of May 2009 before Brown chose to shore up the incumbent , Alistair Darling .
Among his policies implemented while in the cabinet are the scrapping of Sats for 14 - year - olds and regulation of parents who home - school their children .
He is married to Yvette Cooper , a fellow minister and MP for the neighbouring constituency of Normanton , Pontefract and Castleford .
Together they were subject to allegations of " house - flipping " during the MPs ' expenses scandal .
They have three children .
Notable supporters : Officially nominated with 33 nominations , including Kevin Brennan and Vernan Coaker .
Other supporters include Kerry McCarthy , Diana Johnson , Khalid Mahmood and Eric Joyce .
Declared : 19 May 2010 at a community centre in Gedling , Nottinghamshire .
Soundbite : " I think it 's really important we do n't just talk to ourselves .
We 've got to hear what the country 's got to say . "
More on YourDemocracy
Read more about Ed Balls 's leadership campaign from Mehdi Hasan .
Andy Burnham
Constituency : Leigh
Age : 40
Campaign website : andy4leader.com
Background : Andy Burnham has served as the MP for Leigh since 2001 .
Born in Liverpool , he joined the Labour Party aged 14 during the miners ' strike , before going on to study English at Cambridge .
He worked in a number of roles for the Labour Party ( including as a researcher for Tessa Jowell during the 1997 election ) and is a member of the Transport and General Workers ' Union .
He has previously been associated with the Blairite wing of the party .
When Gordon Brown became prime minister in 2007 , Burnham was elevated from junior ministerial ranks and held a number of cabinet roles , including chief secretary to the Treasury , secretary of state for culture , media and sport , and secretary of state for health .
He was exposed during the MPs ' expenses scandal as having been engaged in several long - running disputes with the Fees Office over claims for a flat he was refurbishing .
At one point , he wrote that " I might be in line for a divorce ! " if he was not reimbursed within days for another claim .
He is married with one son and two daughters , and is a keen cricket player and lifelong supporter of Everton FC .
Notable supporters : 17 official nominations so far , including Hazel Blears , David Blunkett and Gerry Sutcliffe .
Declared : 20 May 2010 at People 's History Museum in Manchester .
Soundbite : " People from all backgrounds playing a part in reshaping the People 's Party for a new century . "
More on YourDemocracy
Read more about Andy Burnham 's campaign from Mehdi Hasan .
Ed Miliband
Constituency : Doncaster North
Age : 40
Campaign website : edmiliband.org
Background : Ed Miliband was first elected as MP for Doncaster North in 2005 .
Born in London , he is the son of the late Marxist political scientist Ralph Miliband .
He attended Haverstock Comprehensive School before reading PPE at Corpus Christi College , Oxford , going on to gain a Master 's in economics at the LSE .
As a teenager , Miliband worked as an intern for Tony Benn , before joining the Labour Party as a researcher and speechwriter for Harriet Harman in 1993 .
He subsequently became an adviser to Gordon Brown before his election to the Commons in 2005 .
He served as minister for the Cabinet Office and chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster from 2007 , before being appointed secretary of state for energy and climate change in the cabinet reshuffle of October 2008 .
He and his brother , David Miliband , are the first brothers to serve in the same cabinet since the Stanley brothers in 1938 .
He lives with his partner and their son in north London .
Notable supporters : Officially nominated with 45 nominations , including Hilary Benn , Frank Dobson , Sadiq Kahn , Emily Thornberry , Peter Hain and Chuka Umunna .
Other supporters include Paul Murphy and Neil Kinnock .
Declared : 15 May 2010 in a keynote speech to the Fabian Society .
Soundbite : " I have empathy to unite Labour . "
More on YourDemocracy
Read more about Ed Miliband 's campaign from James Macintyre , George Eaton and Samira Shackle .
David Miliband
Constituency : South Shields
Age : 44
Campaign website : davidmiliband.net
Background : David Miliband was first elected as MP for South Shields in 2001 .
Born in London , he is the son of the late Marxist theoretician Ralph Miliband .
He attended Haverstock Comprehensive School before reading PPE at Corpus Christi College , Oxford , before going on to get a Master 's at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
After working in the voluntary sector and for the Institute for Public Policy Research , he was appointed Tony Blair 's head of policy , and after Labour 's victory in the 1997 general election became head of the prime minister 's Policy Unit .
Following his election to the Commons in 2001 , he held a string of ministerial posts , including Cabinet Office minister and secretary of state for environment , food and rural affairs .
After Gordon Brown became prime minister in 2007 , he was made foreign secretary .
He and his younger brother , Ed , were the first brothers to hold cabinet rank simultaneously since the Stanley brothers in 1938 .
He is married to Louise Shackleton , a violinist in the London Symphony Orchestra , and they have adopted two sons from the US .
Notable supporters : Officially nominated with 54 nominations , including Alan Johnson , Douglas Alexander , Caroline Flint , Willie Bain and Tom Harris
Declared : 12 May 2010 , outside the House of Commons on Labour 's first full day out of office , flanked by 15 MPs who support him .
Soundbite : " New Labour is n't new any more .
What I 'm interested in is Next Labour . "
More on YourDemocracy
Read more about David Miliband 's campaign by James Macintyre :
The end of " New Labour " , Miliband the feminist and Miliband brothers will never attack .
John McDonnell
Constituency : Hayes and Harlington
Age : 58
Background : John McDonnell was first elected as an MP in 1997 .
He left school at the age of 17 and held a string of unskilled jobs .
He then studied for A - levels at night school before attending Brunel University .
After gaining his Master 's from Birkbeck he became a researcher and official with the National Union of Mineworkers and the Trades Union Congress .
He was elected to the Greater London Council in 1981 .
Following the abolition of the GLC , McDonnell was employed as head of the policy unit at Camden Council .
He first fought his home - town seat of Hayes and Harlington in 1992 , but lost by 53 votes .
During the campaign , he was sued for libel by his Conservative opponent , Terry Dicks .
The case was settled and the £ 55,000 damages and legal costs were funded through left - wing campaigning groups .
Since his election to the Commons , he has been a leading member of a number of all - party groups within parliament , including groups representing individual trade unions such as the RMT and the Fire Brigades Union .
He rebelled against the government on several controversial votes , including the Iraq war , top - up fees and anti-terror laws .
Notable supporters :
Five official nominations so far , including Frank Field and Jeremy Corbyn .
Bob Crow , the RMT general secretary , Sunny Hundal , founder of Liberal Conspiracy , and Neil Clark have also declared their support .
Declared : 19 May 2010 in a speech to the Public and Commercial Services Union .
Soundbite : Leadership contest " stitched up from the start " .
More on YourDemocracy
Read more about John McDonnell 's campaign by Jon Bernstein .
Video Playlist
Here of some of the things we like about this food : Like Sojos it 's dehydrated so much easier to travel with than raw pet food .
The ingredients are healthy , natural , and protein - focused .
Unlike Sojos which must be mixed with water and sit for 1 hr. , Honest Kitchen's
Thrive must sit for only 5 - 10 min. after being mixed with water .
Read More
I love starting off my day with a big mug of Stash Green Chai Tea ( all Stash Teas are gluten - free ) and a Daily Mocha Mantra Bar .
But they are made in a facility that also processes gluten .
So there is risk to eating them , but when I 'm trying to watch my sugar and carb intake , there are n't too many gluten - free and dairy - free bars that are not loaded with sugar and empty carbs .
Read More
Finally , I 've found a food for Waylon that is easy to travel with !
Waylon " The Wonder Dog " is now on a healthy diet of Sojos natural , dehydrated dog food with plenty of Biscuits by Lambchop treats !
Read More
For the first time in eight years , Israel today allowed Palestinians to drive on a four - lane highway that passes by this and five neighboring Arab villages .
The relaxation complies with a landmark decision by Israel 's High Court in December , and comes on the heels of Israel 's separate announcement this week that it will ease restrictions on Palestinian movement and commerce elsewhere in the West Bank to build confidence in fledgling negotiations mediated by the US .
Built in the late 1980s on land expropriated from Palestinians , Road 443 has become a major artery for Israeli commuters but due to military concerns it was shut off to Arab motorists , forcing them to take inferior roads .
It also has come to symbolize how Israeli security restrictions had created separate road systems in the West Bank for Israelis and Palestinians , which some argue is an echo of apartheid - era South Africa .
Despite the opening , however , many Palestinians villagers see the move as taking one step forward and two steps back , highlighting how years of roadblocks has eroded optimism about peace talks .
Villagers ' access to 443 will be controlled by new checkpoints and Palestinians will still be barred from passing through the checkpoints at exits for Jerusalem and Ramallah – the seat of the Palestinian government and a major urban center .
" We wo n't have any benefits .
It will be more complicated to go through new checkpoints , '' says Mayor Naji Suleiman of Beit Ghur a - Tahta , as he stood alongside a newly completed inspection booth and retractable steel column that Palestinians will need to pass through to get on the road .
" It 's like South Africa before [ Nelson ] Mandela … .
I want to live in peace , but the Israelis want to keep control over everything . ''
Army takes security precautions on 443
The Israeli army , meanwhile , has bolstered security along Road 443 in preparation for the change with extra barbed wire and video surveillance equipment .
Israel 's government sees a grave security risk on a road where several motorists were killed in shootings and a suicide bombing during the first years of the Palestinian uprising that broke out in 2000 .
During the second half of 2007 , the army counted nearly 60 incidents of rock - throwing and Molotov cocktail attacks .
Route 443 is " strategic ' ' because it is one of two highway links between Jerusalem and the coastal city of Tel Aviv , says Maj .
Peter Lerner , a spokesman for the army 's central command .
" If this road is closed , it limits the access to the capital , " he says .
" From a security point of view , this is the reason why the road needs to be open , to facilitate the free flow of traffic from the coast region to the capital . ''
Lerner says the military is in full compliance with the court ruling because the justices neither insisted on linking the road to Ramallah nor spelled out specifically how the military should facilitate access between villages and the road itself .
He argues that by opening six access points , the army is going above and beyond the requirements of the ruling .
Lerner said on Friday that cars are stopped for an average of four minutes at security checkpoints .
The army says it spent over $ 40 million to build a separate road for Palestinians to reach the outskirts of Ramallah .
But the road was recently unnavigable for about two months because winter weather caused a bridge to collapse .
The army says the bridge has since been repaired .
Activist : Army policy makes a ' farce ' of landmark ruling
Human rights activists note that the army originally justified confiscating Palestinian lands for the highway by insisting it would primarily serve the welfare of the Arab population .
Rights groups and the Palestinian villagers bemoan the fact that access to the highway for Palestinians will be severely limited – one entrance and two exits in each direction along the nine - mile stretch of West Bank road that connects Jerusalem 's northern tip to the Israeli suburb of Modiin and eventually Tel Aviv .
Melanie Takefman , a spokeswoman for the Association for Civil Rights in Israel , which helped bring the case to the High Court , said the fact that Palestinian villagers will not be able to use 443 to visit Ramallah makes a " farce ' ' of a ruling originally hailed as a landmark case .
The army , she said , is following the letter of the ruling but not the spirit of the ruling against the blanket ban .
In a December concurring opinion , Chief Justice Dorit Beinish wrote that banning Palestinians from the road creates " a sense of inequality and improper motives , '' though she rejected the comparison with apartheid .
West Bank economy grew nearly 10 percent in 2009
The timing of the opening coincided with Israel 's announcement of a package of measures aimed at boosting the fledgling peace negotiations : removing 60 road barriers in the West Bank , removing a checkpoint on a heavily used road by Palestinians , freeing up tourist traffic to and from Bethlehem , easing movement for Palestinian businessmen , and allowing Arab citizens of Israel greater freedom to visit Palestinians in the West Bank .
Israel 's decision to ease restriction on Palestinian traffic last year provided some economic relief to the northern West Bank because it allowed people and businesses to move around more efficiently and at lower costs .
Some say the modest recovery – economic growth in the West Bank in 2009 was close to 10 percent – can be linked to a reluctance among the public to embark on a new uprising against Israel .
According a March survey by the Palestinian Center for Public Opinion , 72 percent oppose a new intifada .
" Parallel to the talks , the positive traction of changing realities on the ground should continue , '' wrote Gilead Sher , a former peace negotiator , in the Palestinian - Israeli online forum Bitterlemons.org .
" Israelis and Palestinians need to prime their constituencies and prepare the ground for acceptable and legitimate compromise .
We need to gradually ready the hearts and minds of our publics for transformation . ''
Ceramic tile dealer hopes Israelis bargain hunters will return
But the hearts and minds of officials on both sides have yet to be won .
Asked about the effect of the Israeli gestures announced this week on the lives of everyday Palestinians , the Palestinian Authority 's Economic Minister Hassan Abu Libdeh told the Monitor that the list of measures could positively affect business activity .
But he dismissed the importance of Israel removing the 60 barriers , referring to them as " piles of dirt . ''
Mr. Abu Libdeh says he has doubts about whether the government of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will make good on the gesture .
Some Palestinians remain optimistic about the opening , however .
Samir El
Oury , whose ceramic tile dealership saw a 70 percent drop - off in sales with the closing of 443 , he says the opening of the access roads will encourage the return Israeli bargain hunters who once frequented Beit Ghur a - Tahta to buy food and other merchandise .
" Work will pick up , '' he says .
" Israeli citizens do n't like the prices inside of Israel , and they will now have access to the village . ''
Other villagers interviewed several days before the opening said they would wait to see how easy passage is through the checkpoint before judging .
" Let 's see what happens after it opens .
If the checkpoints are easy then it will be a good development , '' says Mohammed Aiyseh , a taxi van driver who ferries passengers from Ramallah to the villages along 443 via back roads .
" If [ checkpoints ] will be difficult , I will take the old roads .
I hope there will be progress in our life , but it does n't seem so . ''
RELATED STORIES :
( CNN ) --
It was dismissed by some scientists as " a solution looking for a problem . "
But when the first working laser was rolled out 50 years ago this week -- developed at California 's Hughes Research Laboratory -- it did n't take long for the hyperfocused beams of light to find work .
Having fascinated science - fiction fans since the origins of ray guns in the late 1800s , lasers ( literally " Light Amplification by Stimulated Emission of Radiation " ) have become common in modern life .
From talking on the telephone to listening to a CD , laser technology makes a lot of what we do happen .
" Everyone has some sort of connection every single day to lasers -- even if most people have no idea what that connection is , " said Mark Bronski , manager of laser production at German - based TRUMPF Inc. , the largest manufacturer of industrial lasers in North America .
Regret that bad tattoo from the ' 80s ?
Want to watch a DVD or listen to a compact disc ?
Tired of your eyeglasses or contacts ?
A laser can help .
And , remember those Pink Floyd concerts with mind - altering laser light shows ?
In basic terms , a laser is any device that creates a narrow , intense beam of light , then amplifies that beam .
The atoms of a physical substance , usually a crystal , are charged up while mirrors at both ends of the laser reflect the energy back and forth to strengthen it .
The " ruby laser , " so - called because physicist Theodore Maiman used a ruby rod to make it , was first used on May 16 , 1960 .
Maiman 's first scientific article about the discovery was turned down .
While the second was awaiting publication , the laboratory went to the press with the news , prompting scientists who had n't seen his complete findings to initially dismiss the discovery as insignificant .
There 's no way to list everything lasers do .
( Although , we do suggest another look at the world 's largest laser , currently working to save -- not destroy -- the Earth ) .
But here 's a rundown of just a few applications for lasers , and a nod to where laser technology might go next .
Laser surgery
From a high - tech update to the old nip - tuck to eye treatment that can eliminate the need for glasses or contacts , lasers are often used in surgery .
Carbon - dioxide lasers and others are used to remove unwanted tissue -- from tumors , warts and tattooed skin -- and create incisions that are less intrusive , less painful and leave less scarring than traditional surgery .
Entertainment
At planetarium domes everywhere , starry - eyed fans have enjoyed laser light displays for decades .
The shows combine beam effects -- which sweep through the air -- and screen effects , which create images , patterns and shapes on a wall or other fixed object .
At Georgia 's Stone Mountain Park , near Atlanta , Georgia , more than 20 million people have watched a laser show projected onto the massive granite mound .
Billed as the world 's longest - running laser show , it offers a " dazzling display of neon laser lights featuring characters , stories , graphics and fireworks choreographed to popular musical scores , " according to spokeswoman Jeanine Jones .
For the more active set , there 's laser tag .
Adopted by the U.S. Army in the late ' 70s for training , laser tag was offered in crude form in toys around the same time .
In 1984 , two recreational laser tag centers were opened in Texas .
At most laser - tag venues , teams with laser guns scramble around an indoor course , shooting at each other in the near - dark .
Technology varies somewhat , but , generally , laser tag uses infrared signaling to track lasers and determine whether they 've hit their target -- usually a vest worn by the player .
Telecommunications
Most of us probably do n't think of lasers being involved in our telephone conversations or internet use .
But they are .
Fiber optics -- the ultrathin , glass cables used to carry digital information for phones , computers and cable TV -- use laser - generated pulses of light to carry that data at incredibly high speeds .
For computer users , communications companies claim that fiber - optic connections can download music , videos and other files to computers 25 times faster than traditional cable -- at least in the places where it 's available .
The fervor over the upcoming Google Fiber project shows that lots of folks are eager to give laser - powered , in - home fiber a try .
CDs and DVDs
Tiny lasers are at work any time you turn on a disc player .
Whether audio or video , these players focus a laser beam on a series of bumps on the disc .
The way the different bumps reflect that light determines the sound and images .
And when your CD skips ?
That 's because the laser can't read data through a dirty or scratched outer layer -- although it 's probably not the laser 's fault that the disc is dirty or scratched in the first place .
So , what 's next ?
Scientists in all sorts of fields are experimenting with more uses for lasers .
The U.S. Air Force is pondering an airborne laser defense system , albeit one with a high - flying price tag .
Lasers are also being used in technologies such as holographs , new energy sources and space exploration .
And like personal computers , says Bronski , lasers are shrinking .
" Lasers that used to fill up a small - sized room are now the size of a desk , " he said .
" We 'll see that trend continue in the future -- things getting smaller while maintaining their outputs or increasing their outputs . "
So , does that mean that handheld lasers could be around the corner ?
You know -- the kind Han Solo says always trump hokey religions and ancient weapons ?
" Those technologies might not be so far off , " Bronski said .
" At some point , it might be possible to make a much smaller package for these laser devices ... like little phasers or whatever . "
We are looking to hire a Haskell expert to work with us at Well - Typed as a Haskell consultant .
We are seeing an increasing demand for our services , and are thus seeking to expand our capacity .
This is an exciting opportunity for someone who is passionate about Haskell and who is keen to improve and promote Haskell in a professional context .
The role is quite general and could cover any of the projects and activities that we are involved in as a company .
The tasks may involve :
working on the Haskell compilers , libraries and tools ;
Haskell application development ;
working directly with clients to solve their problems .
Well - Typed has a variety of clients .
For some we do proprietary Haskell development and consulting .
For others , much of the work involves open - source development and cooperating with the rest of the Haskell community : the commercial , open - source and academic users .
The position is initially as a contractor for one year with a salary from 150 GBP per day , plus a profit - dependent bonus .
We offer flexible hours and work from home .
Living in England is not required .
In the longer term there is the opportunity to become a member of the partnership with a full stake in the business : being involved in business decisions , and fully sharing the risks and rewards .
If you are interested , please apply via info@well-typed.com .
Send us your CV , and tell us why you are interested and why you would be a good fit for the job .
We are more than happy to answer informal enquiries .
Contact Duncan Coutts or Ian Lynagh for further information , either by email or IRC .
The deadline for applications is Friday 11 June 2010 .
Just as every husband needs a wife , every child needs a parent , and every teacher needs a pupil , so every crime needs a victim .
Not a potential victim or possible victim or a supposed victim , but an actual victim .
There are a myriad of federal , state , and local laws on an incalculable number of subjects .
The result of this is that the United States — the land of the free — has one of the highest per-capita prison populations in the world .
With less than 5 percent of the world ’s population , the United States has almost a quarter of the world ’s prisoners .
The volume and scope of federal laws are especially distressing because very few of them are authorized by the Constitution .
Congress and the federal agencies it has created have federalized a host of ordinary street crimes already covered by state criminal codes .
Things like arson , carjacking , and gun possession by felons .
The federal criminal code has over 4,000 separate offenses , including such violent crimes as transporting birds across state lines to engage in fights and interstate transport of unlicensed dentures .
Sometimes the federal government also pressures the states to enact laws .
Thus , the National Minimum Drinking Age Act of 1984 required states to raise their drinking ages to twenty - one or lose 10 percent of their federal highway funds .
The most senseless category of what governments — federal , state , or local — have labeled crimes is victimless crimes .
These are crimes like not wearing a seatbelt , not wearing a motorcycle or bicycle helmet , texting while driving , doing business on Sunday , charging an excessive interest rate , price gouging , and that great crime against humanity — ticket scalping .
New Hampshire is the only state that has no adult seat belt law .
This makes me a law breaker in forty - nine states .
Many of the same people who say that what you do or do n’t do in your own car is your business make an exception when it comes to seat belt laws .
Is it a good idea to wear a seatbelt ?
Certainly .
Is it a good idea for kids to be securely fastened in ?
Most definitely .
But the idea that we need the state to protect us by forcing us to wear seatbelts is ludicrous .
Whatever happened to the ideas of individual responsibility and parental responsibility ?
This is something that could easily be handled on the free market .
Insurance companies could charge higher premiums to those drivers who forego wearing a seatbelt .
Drivers should want to ensure that everyone in their car arrives at their destination safely , but they do n’t need the threat of a ticket to do so .
And is there any doubt that governments are more interested in revenue than safety ?
Vices Are Not Crimes Spooner , Lysander Check Amazon for Pricing .
Only three states ( Illinois , Iowa and New Hampshire ) have absolutely no motorcycle helmet requirement .
The other states require helmets for everyone or just for adults .
Twenty - one states require bicyclists below a certain age to wear helmets .
New Hampshire even requires a bicycle helmet for riders under sixteen even though no one who rides an obviously more dangerous motorcycle is required to wear one .
Should advocates of liberty be in favor of state governments requiring riders of motorcycles and bicycles to wear helmets ?
Not if they want to be consistent .
Is it foolish to ride a motorcycle without a helmet ?
I think so .
But I think it ’s foolish to ride a motorcycle without a full suit of armor .
The issue of motorcycle helmets is also something that could easily be handled on the free market in the form of higher insurance premiums to those motorcycle riders who forego wearing a helmet .
Families and friends should be the ones persuading motorcycle riders to wear helmets — not the state .
Wisconsin just became the twenty - fifth state to ban texting while driving .
The problem with these laws , in addition to the obvious — that they grossly infringe upon personal liberty and criminalize an otherwise harmless activity because it might cause a driver to be distracted and perhaps have an accident — is their selectiveness .
What about eating and drinking while driving ?
What about women applying makeup while driving ?
What about men shaving with an electric razor while driving ?
What about people reading a map while driving ?
What about people glancing too long at billboards or blinking while driving ?
Drivers should be held accountable for actual accidents , not potential ones .
Seat belt , helmet , and texting laws are predicated on the idea that we need the state to protect us from doing something stupid .
But it is families and friends that should be the ones persuading people to buckle up , wear a helmet , or turn off their cell phone , not the state .
But they wo n’t do it , some say , and therefore the state has to do it .
But this presupposes that the state cares more about an individual than does his family and friends — a very dubious proposition .
Too many Americans are willing to surrender their liberty without a whimper at the slightest whisper by the state of “ safety ” or “ children . ”
Blue laws — laws that forbid the sale of all or certain goods at most stores on Sunday — are some of the most laughable victimless crime legislation ever concocted .
In some states it is illegal to not just purchase alcohol on Sunday , but to buy a car from a dealer .
And it ’s not just Sunday .
In Massachusetts , all stores ( except convenience stores and gas stations ) have to remain closed on Thanksgiving and Christmas Day .
But why should those who attend church on Sunday ( as I do , and as many of you do ) care if those who do n’t attend church want to do their shopping ?
Church goers who have such a problem with the repeal of a blue law that prevents beer from being sold on Sunday do n’t seem to mind restaurants being open so they have somewhere to eat after church .
Some victimless crimes relate to economics .
This would be things like usury laws , price gouging , and ticket scalping .
Go Directly to Jail : T... Best Price : $ 2.55 Buy New $ 22.99 ( as of 07:50 EST - Details )
Ethically , usury is an exorbitant interest rate .
Legally , usury is an illegal interest rate .
But in what is now viewed as its archaic or obsolete sense , usury is simply the price of interest charged on a loan for the lack of use of the money and the risk of loss .
So , based on this artificial distinction between usury and interest , we have the victimless crime of usury in all fifty states .
Usurers — that is , moneylenders , have been despised throughout history .
In Dante ’s The Divine Comedy , usurers are in the seventh circle of hell along with blasphemers and sodomites .
But as the late economist Murray Rothbard pointed out , moneylending is a business in the market like any other business : “ If the number of usurers multiplies , the price of money or interest will be driven down by the competition .
So that if one does n’t like high interest rates , the more usurers the better ! ”
Although it might be immoral to charge above a certain rate of interest in some circumstances , it should certainly not be illegal .
How could anyone possibly calculate what the maximum rate of interest should be and then apply that to every situation ?
And what should be the basis of the rate ?
Should it be the prime rate , the federal funds rate , the discount rate , or the LIBOR rate ?
The common - sense approach is simple :
If you do n’t want to borrow a sum of money at what you believe is a usurious rate of interest , then do n’t borrow the money .
But , some will say , we need the state to regulate interest rates to protect consumers .
But how is preventing a willing lender and a willing borrower from doing business helping consumers ?
Price - gouging laws are predicated on the fallacy that there is a just price for every good and service , and even more so during bad weather or some government - declared state of emergency .
The U.S. Department of Energy even maintains a “ Gas Price Watch Reporting Form ” where people who know nothing about supply and demand , refinery capacity , gasoline futures , world surplus production capacity , and the price of a barrel of crude oil can report price gouging by gas stations .
These laws are very similar to usury laws .
In some circumstances , it might be immoral to charge above a particular price , but it should certainly not be illegal .
There is no such thing as a just price .
One cannot support price - gouging laws without ascribing omniscience to the state .
How else could the state determine what the correct price should be ?
From an economic standpoint , we know that what is called price gouging is simply nothing more than charging what the market will bear .
Price - gouging laws violate the property rights of resource owners , they hinder the price system ’s signaling ability , they contribute to the misallocation of resources , and they cause shortages .
Once again , the common - sense approach is the simplest :
If you do n’t like what you think is the inflated price of an item , then do n’t buy it .
The crime of ticket scalping has got to be one of the most ridiculous examples of a victimless act ever labeled as a crime .
What precept of any ethical system would frown upon a willing seller and a willing buyer exchanging tickets for cash , as long as it was not violating the property rights of the owner of the ground where they made their exchange ?
Ticket scalpers perform a valuable service and should be applauded not condemned .
The nanny state is at its prime when it comes to monitoring illicit substances and consensual behavior that some people find objectionable , e.g. , gambling , prostitution , and drug use .
Thus , the most widely accepted victimless crimes are those that involve what is considered to be immoral activity .
Here is where even believers in a free society acquiesce to the state .
And religious people in particular look to the state to enforce their morality when it comes to these issues .
The problem with the moral crusades of the nanny state against gambling , prostitution , and drug use is that they fail to distinguish between vices and crimes .
As the 19th - century classical - liberal political philosopher Lysander Spooner explained it : Vices are those acts by which a man harms himself or his property .
Crimes are those acts by which one man harms the person or property of another .
Vices are simply the errors which a man makes in his search after his own happiness .
Unlike crimes , they imply no malice toward others , and no interference with their persons or property .
Arrest - Proof Yourself : ...
Denham , Wes Best Price : $ 2.49 Buy New $ 23.80 ( as of 03:05 EST - Details )
Unless this clear distinction between vices and crimes be made and recognized by the laws , there can be on earth no such thing as individual right , liberty , or property — no such things as the right of one man to the control of his own person and property , and the corresponding and coequal rights of another man to the control of his own person and property .
To be a crime , adds Spooner , there must exist criminal intent to invade the person or property of another .
But vices are not engaged in with criminal intent .
A man practices a vice “ for his own happiness solely , and not from any malice toward others . ”
This reminds me of H. L. Mencken ’s famous definition of Puritanism : “ The haunting fear that someone , somewhere , may be happy . ”
According to John Stossel : “ Americans bet a hundred million dollars every day , and that ’s just at legal places like Las Vegas and Indian reservations .
Much more is bet illegally . ”
No one should be deceived into thinking that the state is really concerned about the immorality of gambling .
It is only illegal gambling — gambling in which the government does not get a cut of the action — that the government is concerned about .
State lotteries , which have odds worse than any casino , are marketed to the poor with tax dollars .
If an individual is genuinely concerned about the negatives associated with gambling , then the answer is personal persuasion , not government prosecution .
Is it anyone ’s business if people want to throw their money away ?
Prostitution is n’t just the world ’s oldest profession , it ’s also the world ’s oldest victimless crime .
But if adultery or fornication should not be crimes , then why should prostitution be one ?
They are all consensual acts between two or more parties .
Forced prostitution , of course , is a crime because it has a victim .
And prostitutes who trespass by plying their trade without permission on private property are themselves committing a crime .
But sex between two consenting adults without dinner and a movie should not be the business of government or anyone else .
Again , if an individual is genuinely concerned about what he sees as the plight of prostitutes , then he should resort to persuasion or provide an employment alternative instead of looking to the government to outlaw immoral activity .
The Criminal Law Handb ...
Berman J.D. , Sara Best Price : $ 3.35 Buy New $ 65.85 ( as of 02:10 EST - Details )
The state ’s war on drugs , like its war on poverty and its war on terrorism , is a failure , unless you consider turning hundreds of thousands of otherwise law - abiding people into criminals a success .
Out of the 847,863 arrests for marijuana in 2008 , 754,224 were for possession alone .
According to the Sentencing Project , over half of the federal prison population is the result of drug charges .
Twenty percent of the state prison population and 25 percent of the local jail population is due to drug charges .
There are currently about half a million drug offenders in prison or jail , an increase of 1,100 percent since 1980 .
Not only has the unconstitutional drug war had virtually no impact on the use or availability of most drugs in the United States , it has destroyed civil liberties and financial privacy .
The costs of drug prohibition far outweigh any possible benefits .
Proof that people are not thinking when it comes to drugs is the subject of alcohol .
There is no reason why getting high on drugs in the privacy of one ’s home should be treated differently from getting drunk on alcohol in the privacy of one ’s home .
And not only is it simply not the purpose of government to protect people from abusing drugs , government intervention begets more government intervention .
As the late economist Ludwig von Mises explained : Opium and morphine are certainly dangerous , habit - forming drugs .
But once the principle is admitted that it is the duty of government to protect the individual against his own foolishness , no serious objections can be advanced against further encroachments .
. . .
And why limit the government ’s benevolent providence to the protection of the individual ’s body only ?
Is not the harm a man can inflict on his mind and soul even more disastrous than any bodily evils ?
Why not prevent him from reading bad books and seeing bad plays , from looking at bad paintings and statues and from hearing bad music ?
The mischief done by bad ideologies , surely , is much more pernicious , both for the individual and for the whole society , than that done by narcotic drugs .
There should be no DEA agents , no undercover sting operations , and no jail time for growing a plant .
Every crime needs a victim .
Not wearing a seatbelt , not wearing helmet , texting while driving , doing business on Sunday , usurious lending practices , price gouging , ticket scalping , gambling without the state ’s permission , using the services of a prostitute , abusing drugs , and a host of other “ crimes ” that I have not mentioned are not crimes at all .
They may be immoral , they may be vices , they may be bad habits , they may be dangerous , they may be foolish , they may be addictive , they may harm those who willingly participant in them , they may have no redeeming value whatsoever , but as long as those who engage in them are not harming or violating the personal or property rights of non-participants , they should not be crimes .
There are two reasons that no one should look to the government as a nanny to enforce morality and micro-manage the behavior of its citizens .
Rethinking the Good War Laurence M. Vance Best Price : null Buy New $ 5.95 ( as of 12:45 EST - Details )
First , the purpose of government is supposed to be to protect life , liberty , and property from violence or fraud .
It is simply not the business of government to prohibit the advertising , sale , and use of what it deems to be harmful substances .
Likewise , the government should not be concerned with keeping people from vice or bad habits and regulating or prohibiting activities that take place between consenting adults .
A government with the power to outlaw harmful substances and immoral practices is a government with the power to ban any substance and any practice .
A nanny state is a perversion of government .
Second , all governments — the U.S. government included — eventually degenerate into the greatest violators of the life , liberty , and property they are supposed to protect .
As former Foundation for Economic Education president Richard Ebeling has said :
There has been no greater threat to life , liberty , and property throughout the ages than government .
Even the most violent and brutal private individuals have been able to inflict only a mere fraction of the harm and destruction that have been caused by the use of power by political authorities .
And as C. S. Lewis remarked :
Of all tyrannies a tyranny sincerely exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive .
It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies .
The robber baron ’s cruelty may sometimes sleep , his cupidity may at some point be satiated ; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end for they do so with the approval of their own conscience .
Religious people in particular make a grave mistake when they look to the state to enforce their morality .
The actions of the state are typically the greatest examples of immoral behavior that one could possibly think of .
Yet , many religious people not only look to the state to enforce a moral code , they defend , support , and make excuses for the state , its politicians , its legislation , and its wars .
Some victimless crimes may indeed be sins , but it is not the purpose of religion to use force or the threat of force to keep people from sinning .
Rebuke , persuasion , and instruction are certainly more biblical methods than using the power of the state to change or restrict people ’s behavior .
As Mises again explains : Christianity and War a ...
Laurence M. Vance Best Price : $ 3.46 Buy New $ 5.96 ( as of 12:30 EST - Details )
He who wants to reform his countrymen must take recourse to persuasion .
This alone is the democratic way of bringing about changes .
If a man fails in his endeavors to convince other people of the soundness of his ideas , he should blame his own disabilities .
He should not ask for a law , that is , for compulsion and coercion by the police .
Many people support legislation against victimless crimes only as long as it stops short of their particular vice .
But vice or no vice , no advocate of liberty and a free society should seek legislation that would criminalize any victimless crimes .
Liberty means liberty for everyone , even those who use substances and engage in practices that others in society do n’t use or find offensive .
Our liberty is compromised and society is made worse off when we deprive a select few of liberty who are not themselves violating anyone ’s liberty .
In closing , I refer first to Mises and then to John Stuart Mill : A free man must be able to endure it when his fellow men act and live otherwise than he considers proper .
He must free himself from the habit , just as soon as something does not please him , of calling for the police .
The only freedom which deserves the name is that of pursuing our own good in our own way , so long as we do not attempt to deprive others of theirs , or impede their efforts to obtain it .
Each is the proper guardian of his own health , whether bodily , or mental and spiritual .
Mankind are greater gainers by suffering each other to live as seems good to themselves , than by compelling each to live as seems good to the rest .
Victimless crime legislation requires a nanny state to enforce it .
A nanny state must of necessity be a police state and therefore hostile to liberty .
Real crimes that violate personal or property rights should be enforced to the fullest extent of the law ; victimless crimes should be opposed root and branch .
Reprinted from Campaign for Liberty .
The Best of Laurence M. Vance
Sitting at the heart of every Linux OS distribution is a Linux kernel .
When it comes to the upcoming Red Hat Enterprise Linux ( RHEL ) 6 release , the issue of which kernel is being used is not a cut and dried answer , however .
The enterprise Linux OS vendor goes its own way when it comes to including a Linux kernel in its RHEL 6 release .
RHEL 6 is currently in its first beta release , with a feature freeze now in place .
Currently , the mainline Linux kernel is nearing its 2.6.34 release , while the most recent stable release is the 2.6.33 release , which came out in February .
But instead of either sticking with the 2.6.33 Linux kernel or holding out for 2.6.34 , Red Hat is taking a different approach .
“ We do have pieces of 2.6.34 , as well as the preceding kernel versions in RHEL 6 , ” Tim Burke , vice president of platform engineering at Red Hat ( NYSE : RHT ) , told InternetNews.com .
“ So there is no one [ kernel version ] number that accurately represents the RHEL 6 kernel .
We take what is upstream ; if there are pieces that are not mature , we disable them so they do n’t disrupt things ; and there are some technology pieces that are further ahead that we pull in . ”
As a result of RHEL ’s approach , its kernel is a hybrid of best - of - breed technologies .
And it ’s in keeping with earlier Red Hat releases .
Back in 2004 , Red Hat was backporting features from the Linux 2.6 kernel into its own 2.4 Linux kernel .
The Red Hat approach to backporting features was praised at the time by Linux creator Linus Torvalds .
According to Burke , “ When we ship a kernel in any RHEL product , we do n’t just take the upstream kernel , drop it in and ship it . ”
“ We are the No. 1 contributor to Linux and that ’s borne out by stats , ” he added .
“ Because we ’re the leading contributor to Linux , we always have lots of initiatives and projects underway .
Some of these initiatives are short - term while others are longer - term . ”
According to the latest “ Who Writes Linux ” report from the Linux Foundation , Red Hat contributed 12 percent of all change contributions to the Linux 2.6.30 kernel .
IBM ( NYSE : IBM ) came in at second place with 6.3 percent , Novell ( NASDAQ : NOVL ) third at 6.1 percent and Intel ( NASDAQ : INTC ) fourth at 6.0 percent .
Real - Time Linux Features in RHEL 6
Among the longer - term Linux kernel efforts that Red Hat is pursuing is real - time capabilities , which enables the OS to deliver deterministic performance .
That ensures actions are executed within the same amount of time , every time , which is a critical feature for industries like the military and financial services .
Some of Red Hat ’s real - time Linux kernel efforts are being included in RHEL 6 , though the company has a separate real - time kernel that is part of its MRG release , which tracks the latest in real - time innovations .
“ RHEL 6 has benefited from a fairly sizable subset of the work we ’ve done in real time for MRG , which has since been incorporated upstream , ” Burke said .
There is still working ongoing with the MRG real - time kernel , which Burke described as a continuum of enhancements .
To date , he noted that MRG has been focused on the core subsystems of CPU scheduling and timers .
As a result , he added that there is still ground to cover with improvements in the I/O and networking stacks .
“ There will continue to be separate MRG real - time kernel offering targeted at customers that need the absolute finest grain of determinism in their applications , ” Burke said .
Sean Michael Kerner is a senior editor at InternetNews.com , the news service of Internet.com , the network for technology professionals .
Follow ServerWatch on Twitter
David Cameron provoked his first major confrontation with the Tory right when he announced plans to weaken the role of backbench MPs by ending their right to hold a formal parliamentary meeting without ministers present .
In a move described by rightwingers as worthy of North Korea , Cameron announced an immediate ballot of all Tory MPs to allow ministers to attend the weekly meetings of the 1922 committee .
The ballot , which opened within an hour of the meeting and is to be run by the whips , will close today .
Senior Tories believe that the idea , sprung on the party by Cameron at a meeting with no notice , was suggested by John Major , who was plagued by backbench rebellions .
The Tory leadership hopes the presence of ministers at the 1922 committee will make it more difficult for troublemakers to plot against the government .
The right rounded on the Tory whips for misleading them into believing that the meeting was to discuss the full coalition agreement that will be launched later today .
Members of the 1922 executive , who are due to elect a new chairman after the retirement of Sir Michael Spicer , were given just 20 minutes ' notice of the Cameron announcement .
One senior rightwinger said : " Cameron should bear in mind Shakespeare : ' Remember , Caesar , thou art mortal . '
This is storing up trouble .
There is real hatred towards the leadership . "
Cameron 's aides said the change was designed to ensure the Conservative party functioned more effectively in government as it follows the example of the Labour party .
Ministers are entitled to attend meetings of the parliamentary Labour party when it is in power .
One source said : " In government we are keen that the whole party is involved .
David Cameron 's view is that instead of having them and us , we should have a fresh start . "
The right accepts that Cameron will win the ballot with the help of the new intake of Tory MPs who account for 49 % of the 305 - strong parliamentary party .
Peter Bone , the MP for Wellingborough , said : " I am surprised at the haste at which this is being done .
No consultation .
The prime minister has got this wrong .
It is bouncing us . "
The right believe Cameron 's announcement was designed to spike the guns of Graham Brady , the rightwing former shadow Europe minister who is standing for the chairmanship of the 1922 committee .
One MP on the right said : " This is outrageous and is from North Korea .
This is control freakery and is worse than anything Tony Blair did with his party . "
JREF Swift Blog
James Randi Speaks : Powered by Sunlight
Summary : A recent study in India by the Defense Research and Development Organization observed a holy man who claims that he has lived for decades without food or water .
A team of 30 medics are reported to have been in attendance during a 14 day observation of the man .
Can a person survive on just air ?
Perhaps , as a professor in the study says , " If he does not derive energy from food and water , he must be doing that from energy sources around him , sunlight being one . "
There have been many claimants over the years for the Million Dollar Challenge who say that they have survived for years without ingesting any food or water .
When put to the test , they fail .
Original Story :
http://uk.news.yahoo.com/18/20100510/tod-starving-yogi-astounds-indian-scient-451ab4f.html
Hardware
Industrial design
Internals
Display
Other hardware
Software
Operating system / User interface
Pop-overs ( modals ) : Windows which pop up and hover above the content you 're interacting with , used to excellent effect within the iPod app for displaying track listings when you touch an album , or getting information on books or music to purchase in the iBookstore and iTunes .
These modals have their own navigation and points of interaction separate from the main content you 're working with .
Windows which pop up and hover above the content you 're interacting with , used to excellent effect within the iPod app for displaying track listings when you touch an album , or getting information on books or music to purchase in the iBookstore and iTunes .
These modals have their own navigation and points of interaction separate from the main content you 're working with .
Split screens : Exactly what it sounds like .
Apple is using all that big real estate to break up what would have been multiple pages on an iPhone , dividing up the content into segments of the same screen .
In the mail app , that means you can look at the list of your emails while keeping a message in view , or keep your multi-page work in Keynote available to you even when editing ( think how Preview handles a folder of images ) .
Exactly what it sounds like .
Apple is using all that big real estate to break up what would have been multiple pages on an iPhone , dividing up the content into segments of the same screen .
In the mail app , that means you can look at the list of your emails while keeping a message in view , or keep your multi-page work in Keynote available to you even when editing ( think how Preview handles a folder of images ) .
Tap - and - hold : Now , this is present in some places on the iPhone , but Apple has really expanded its use with the iPad , offering lots of situations where a long press gets you deeper , contextual interactivity and functionality .
We 're big fans of this gesture on other devices ( hello , Android ) , and it 's nice to see Apple putting it to better use within the iPad 's UI .
We hope this trend continues throughout the company 's mobile OSs .
Now , this is present in some places on the iPhone , but Apple has really expanded its use with the iPad , offering lots of situations where a long press gets you deeper , contextual interactivity and functionality .
We 're big fans of this gesture on other devices ( hello , Android ) , and it 's nice to see Apple putting it to better use within the iPad 's UI .
We hope this trend continues throughout the company 's mobile OSs .
Contextual menus :
While tap - and - hold gets you some options for context - specific menus , the iPad interface is littered with other single tap buttons that pop open those same kind of options .
The shift certainly seems to be towards these transient menus as opposed to paging through screens like we 're used to on the iPhone .
While tap - and - hold gets you some options for context - specific menus , the iPad interface is littered with other single tap buttons that pop open those same kind of options .
The shift certainly seems to be towards these transient menus as opposed to paging through screens like we 're used to on the iPhone .
Toolbar drop - downs : Apple hammered on toolbar items with previous iterations of the iPhone OS , but on the iPad , toolbars are n't just links to deeper pages -- they 're self - contained menus , often with lots of levels and options for tweaking the work you 're doing .
They are literally all over the iPad .
Apple hammered on toolbar items with previous iterations of the iPhone OS , but on the iPad , toolbars are n't just links to deeper pages -- they 're self - contained menus , often with lots of levels and options for tweaking the work you 're doing .
They are literally all over the iPad.
Tabs ( or Cover Flow ) everywhere :
You know how Safari handles multiple pages ?
Well that behavior is used throughout the iPad to navigate through files or lists of options .
In Safari , as in other apps , the content is presented as a grid , while elsewhere it's a scrollable list akin to Mobile Safari 's present use ( or webOS cards ) .
You know how Safari handles multiple pages ?
Well that behavior is used throughout the iPad to navigate through files or lists of options .
In Safari , as in other apps , the content is presented as a grid , while elsewhere it's a scrollable list akin to Mobile Safari 's present use ( or webOS cards ) .
Nearly full - sized virtual keyboards :
In portrait mode , we were able to tap out some messages using our thumbs , but we mostly did single finger typing .
On the other hand , the landscape keyboard is big and totally usable .
In fact , we were surprised at how quickly and accurately we could bang out emails on it .
Included applications
Third - party apps
Marvel :
This is just a cool application , and really gets our juices flowing about what will be possible with this larger format .
Excellent execution , but they need to convert the whole catalog into this format .
When we can re-read the Secret Wars on our iPad , we 'll be seriously happy campers .
This is just a cool application , and really gets our juices flowing about what will be possible with this larger format .
Excellent execution , but they need to convert the whole catalog into this format .
When we can re-read the Secret Wars on our iPad , we 'll be seriously happy campers .
ABC video player :
Even though it feels like a sidestep around the Flash issue , this iPad app does a perfect job of managing the network 's online video assets .
We can only imagine Hulu will stir things up in a similar manner .
Even though it feels like a sidestep around the Flash issue , this iPad app does a perfect job of managing the network 's online video assets .
We can only imagine Hulu will stir things up in a similar manner .
Netflix : It 's Netflix .
On the iPad .
And now apparently it 's headed to the iPhone and iPod touch as well .
It 's Netflix .
On the iPad .
And now apparently it 's headed to the iPhone and iPod touch as well .
USA Today , The Wall Street Journal , and the New York Times :
If this is printed media 's last gasp , it 's definitely a lungful .
All three of these apps show that the big boys still have some fight in them , and while we can't abide the WSJ 's zany pricing scheme , we will admit that each of these does a beautiful job of delivering the newspaper in a whole new way .
Kudos , boys .
If this is printed media 's last gasp , it 's definitely a lungful .
All three of these apps show that the big boys still have some fight in them , and while we can't abide the WSJ 's zany pricing scheme , we will admit that each of these does a beautiful job of delivering the newspaper in a whole new way .
Kudos , boys .
Yahoo !
Entertainment :
This one was an honest surprise .
We did n't expect Yahoo !'s first iPad product to be either handsome or useful ... and it 's both .
The TV schedule and news presentation is top notch , though we 're hoping they take things a little deeper in future updates .
And when it comes to entertainment gossip , we wo n't really be satisfied till an US Weekly app appears .
This one was an honest surprise .
We did n't expect Yahoo !'s first iPad product to be either handsome or useful ... and it 's both .
The TV schedule and news presentation is top notch , though we 're hoping they take things a little deeper in future updates .
And when it comes to entertainment gossip , we wo n't really be satisfied till an US Weekly app appears .
Photogene , SketchBook Pro , and Brushes :
Three apps that show the iPad can and will be a content creation tool as well as a content consuming tool .
We used and loved all of them , and think they show amazing potential for this platform .
Three apps that show the iPad can and will be a content creation tool as well as a content consuming tool .
We used and loved all of them , and think they show amazing potential for this platform .
TweetDeck : Just a really , really good way to use Twitter .
A lot like the desktop app .
If only we could run it in the background ...
Battery life
Wrap-up
The first thing you notice about the iPad is , well , you do n't really notice it .
In many ways , there is just not much here -- design wise -- to comment on .
The bulk of its surface is taken up by a 9.7 - inch , 1024 x 768 , capacitive , multitouch LED - backlit display surrounded by a glossy black bezel that some will say is too wide but , in practice , is an important design consideration that prevents the touchscreen from being inadvertently activated when handled .
There 's only Apple 's signature " home " button to interact with , and the back of the device is a dutifully simple piece of curved aluminum .
Like most Apple products , it 's a beauty to behold , but it 's not exactly notable for design flourishes ; simply put , it 's good looking but not terribly exciting .
But if the design of the iPad is an exercise in restraint , it only serves to reinforce how formidable this technology feels once it's in your hands .
The device has some heft , weighing in at 1.5 pounds , but is still comfortable to hang onto at most angles .
Considering the computing power of the tablet , a thickness that tops out at half an inch is pretty impressive , too .
But how does it feel in your hands ?
Well , that matte aluminum on the back surprisingly communicates warmth ( though we do n't recommend resting this on any bare flesh on a cold morning ) , and the rest of the design gets out of the way and lets you concentrate on what is really most important : that screen .
And that 's kind of the point , is n't it ?
The iPad does house a few other components you should be aware of : a volume rocker and screen position lock ( which forces the device to remain in landscape or portrait mode ) on the upper right hand side , a power / sleep button and headphone jack on either side of its top edge , and Apple 's famous 30 - pin dock connector alongside a single thin speaker on the bottom of the unit .
There is nothing outwardly notable about the buttons or layout on the iPad -- if you 've used an iPod touch or iPhone , you 'll find yourself right at home ... and that 's exactly how Apple wants it .
As far as ergonomics are concerned , the standard seated - with - iPad - in - lap move is a completely comfortable experience , but there are definitely use cases where handling a flat slab becomes a pain .
For instance , single finger typing becomes a bit of a game of hunt - and - peck , and that 's the situation you find yourself in if you 're ever standing with the iPad or holding the device with your other hand .
We mentioned that iPad has some weight to it , and while it 's comfortable to hold , it is considerably more of a handful than an iPhone .
You 'll feel that weight in your arms after extended period of keeping it aloft .
Apple promo videos like to show their users happily grabbing the iPad and swinging their legs up onto a table -- Fonz style -- but if you 're like us , most of your heavy text entry is done while seated at a standard table or desk , which means that unless you have a dock you 're going to be typing on the iPad as a flat surface .
The thing is , we actually found the flat - typing experience to be pretty good ; it takes a little getting used to , but it 's not totally bizarre either .
In fact , we 'd say it 's a much more enjoyable experience than single - hand typing .
Still , just as with the iPhone , there is a learning curve here that may diminish some hit - and - run shoppers ' interest .
As you probably know by now , the iPad packs Apple 's custom , PA Semi- designed 1GHz A4 system - on - a- chip -- a single Cortex A8 core coupled with a PowerVR SGX GPU .
RAM on the iPad has n't been revealed , but we suspect there 's 512MB ( at least ) inside here -- we 'll know more once i Fixit or someone else puts the pad under the knife .
Also onboard is 802.
11a/b/g/n
WiFi , Bluetooth 2.1 , a digital compass , an accelerometer , microphone , and ambient light sensor .
The 3G model that ships at the end of the month will add UMTS / HSDPA data along with an AGPS chip .
You can purchase the device in capacities of 16GB , 32GB , or 64GB .
We had the 64GB version for this review .
In our testing , the A4 SOC seemed to deal with whatever we threw at it handily .
From opening and rendering webpages to playing the most graphically intensive games ( including scaled iPhone versions , of course ) , it did n't miss a beat .
The photo app was particularly impressive , allowing for fast scrolling through high resolution pictures without a hiccup , and handling rotation and zooming with no resistance or hesitation .
Applications themselves opened quickly -- not instantly .
Of course , as many detractors have noted ( Engadget included ) , there 's no true multitasking here , so seeing a system with this much power perform admirably one app at a time was n't a huge surprise , especially since we 'd experienced the same thing on an earlier version at the January event ( more on this in a moment ) .
Still , it seems like the A4 has power to spare , and that 's a good thing if the third party apps we used on the iPad were any indication of where things are headed -- more graphically intensive and packing far more functionality .
The battery -- a 25 - watt - hour lithium - polymer ( non-removable of course ) -- held up surprisingly well in our testing .
More on that in the battery section down below .
As we mentioned at the start of the review , the iPad is all about its screen , and Apple 's 9.7 - inch LED backlit IPS display does not disappoint .
Colors on the screen are vibrant and saturated , while blacks feel true and deep .
The iPad can be cranked up to an almost painful brightness , but also handles lower settings well -- that 's especially important for readers ( they even include a brightness control inside of iBooks ) .
Because Apple employs IPS ( in - plane switching ) for the display , viewing angles are remarkably broad , though we can't honestly say the feature will come in handy for us -- we usually want to keep people 's eyes off of our work .
The screen is , as we mentioned , capacitive and multitouch , and handled input excellently -- if you 're used to the iPhone , then you know how very good Apple 's input technology is .
To call it best in class would not be an overstatement ; we 've never used a more responsive screen .
We know there 's a lot of talk about reading with this type of display versus a Kindle or other E - Ink device , but we 'll just be straight with you -- it did n't hurt our eyes to use this as a reading device .
You 're able to crank the brightness down a significant amount , but it 's also just a matter of adjustment .
After a few minutes we did n't see the device or the screen tech anymore -- we saw a book .
We wo n't speculate on what prolonged use will feel like , but there is data out there that suggests the technology might not be as important as some people think it is when it comes to e-reader displays .
For the most part , there 's not much else to say about the iPad when it comes to its physical attributes .
The home button is your only point of hardware interaction with the software , though you have those volume controls and rotation lock switch .
The speaker actually does a rather impressive job of outputting clean , well balanced sound given its size , but let 's be honest -- you 're not going to be using this as your party sound system .
The 30 - pin connector is standard issue for Apple 's mobile products , but we have to take serious issue with the lack of a USB port or SD card reader .
The company offers both of these as an accessory as a means to transfer photos and video onto the device , but it seems like such a glaring oversight to not have built these in that it bears mentioning .
If Apple wants to compete with the netbook market -- which it presumably does -- there should be some port options beyond its proprietary dock connector .
This just feels like a money grab and a waste of potential for third - party peripherals .
One piece of hardware you wo n't find here is a webcam , which we already mourned the lack of when we first saw the device .
It 's a bit of a crime that the iPad wo n't allow you to carry on an iChat or Skype video conversation , because holding this in your hands while talking to a friend or family member not only seems like a match made in heaven , but the total realization of one of our sci - fi fantasies .
We know Apple could n't possibly cram every component Engadget editors might have hoped for , but this one seemed like a no - brainer , and its omission has left pretty much everyone scratching their heads .
And one other item of note -- Apple chose to place the headphone jack at the top of the device .
We do n't know about you , but we think the idea of draping our headphone cord across the screen or snaking it around back is a tremendously bad idea .
And guess what ?
In practice , it kind of stinks .
Why the company did n't opt for putting the plug in the logical place -- say , the bottom of the iPad , or the side even -- is a mystery that will undoubtedly haunt our every waking moment .
By now you should know that the iPad 's interface is nearly identical in every way to the iPhone or iPod touch UI .
The reason for that is obvious : it 's built on the same operating system , a derivation of OS X for mobile devices .
As far as actual navigation on the device goes , it really is exactly like the iPhone .
You have pages and pages made up of grids of icons , a dock for your favorite apps ( up to six , mind you ) , and a persistent status bar which displays the time and other information .
In our opinion Apple has missed a huge opportunity to open up the " desktop " space on the iPad and allow for micro-apps or widgets on these screens .
On the iPad there is n't really a single glanceable piece of information you can get at beyond the time and WiFi status -- and using all of that gorgeous screen real estate just to display a widely spaced grid of icons is not only a waste , but just kind of looks silly .
In truth , if Apple 's developers believe that it's not helpful to give people more than a single thing to look at at one time , they 're not only wrong , but they 're contradicting years of improvements to the company 's desktop OS .
That said , there are a few new components present in the iPad UI which shows that Apple has put some effort into expanding the language of this OS .
Besides those quirks we 've come to know , love , and / or gripe about on the iPhone , the company has augmented the existing user interface with a small handful of tools .
Before we talk about the overall feel of using this device , we wanted to break down those new elements :
So what does this all mean for the experience of using the device ?
Well if you 're not getting the message , we 'd like to point out that we have n't mentioned files , folders , or windows .
That 's because there 's no such thing in the universe of the iPad .
This is n't a computer the way you think of a computer .
All of these UI additions to the iPhone vocabulary help you do more and go further than what is possible on an iPhone , and a lot of the applications you 'll use on the iPad are far more expansive than what the iPhone offers , but it 's not like any computer you 've ever used .
This is something totally different -- a hybrid of sorts -- and while the user interface will feel familiar to most , it 's also simply not a PC in any way .
You will get work done with it , play with it , consume content with it , but the underlying framework of the real operating system is almost completely invisible .
For instance , in applications like Numbers or Keynote , you do n't have " files , " rather a long , Cover Flow - style list of work to scroll through .
Have 200 documents you 've " saved " ?
Tough -- you just have to scroll through them all to get to the last one .
To say that sometimes it feels like a computer for beginners might be overkill .
But it 's close .
There 's no question that the route Apple has taken is genius ; they 've built a " computer " that 's so obvious and easy to use that anyone can pick it up and understand it immediately .
And there 's a lot to like , particularly in some of the innovative and engaging applications being built by third party developers right now , like the Marvel app , TweetDeck , or SketchBook Pro .
But there are holes here too -- big ones -- and not just in the user interface .
For starters , as we mentioned earlier the iPad does n't support multitasking , save for Apple 's own applications : Safari , iPod , and Mail .
Everything else you use on the device is a jump - into and then jump - out experience , which means that for things like IM apps , you 're either having a conversation or you 're not .
For those of us who are used to the iPhone way of doing things , that 's at least familiar , but if you 're looking to have a conversation while getting your email in order ( as you would on a laptop ) , you 're out of luck .
The same goes for those of us who like to keep a Twitter app open in the background to monitor updates .
Even updating settings or downloading software is a chore due to the stop - start nature of the OS .
You just have to go one .
at. a. time .
That 's almost acceptable for a smartphone -- you do n't expect laptop performance -- but this is different .
Admittedly , there are n't a huge number of scenarios where you need to be multitasking , but it 's not uncommon for Engadget editors to keep a running IRC session , AIM , a browser , Twitter app , Skype , and music player open at the same time , and we suspect a lot of you out there do the same ( or similar ) .
So how much of a stumbling block is the lack of multitasking ?
The honest truth is that a large number of users wo n't notice or care , which is why it 's easy for Apple to ignore the problem ( or claim that their OS supports the functionality because they allow a handful of their native apps to run in the background ) .
For the rest of us , this is starting to feel just like copy and paste -- a problem so obvious and so easy to fix that it 's just perplexing Apple does n't come up with a solution and end the conversation .
The iPad may do many things better than a netbook , but multitasking is not one of them .
Adding difficulty to that lack of multitasking is the way the iPad handles notifications .
As you know , Apple provides a method of utilizing push notifications to circumvent backgrounding an app .
For instance , with AIM set to deliver push messages , you can still see what your contacts are IM 'ing at you , and jump back into the app when you need to respond .
That 's all well and good , but Apple is still handling notifications in the same terrible , interruptive manner that it uses on the iPhone .
Namely , pop-up messages that must be dismissed by the user .
Imagine if you had to repeatedly click " OK " on a pop - up window which froze you out of the application you were working in every time you got an IM on your laptop , and you 'll start to get the idea .
Again , this is n't great on a phone , but hey -- it 's a phone .
On your revolutionary new computer - like device ?
It 's extremely annoying .
You can always set the notifications to just a sound and badge , but we know Android and webOS handle this more elegantly , and can't figure out why Apple wo n't do the same .
To put a point on the iPad 's UI and the user experience : there is no question that Apple has created an engaging , simple , and surprisingly powerful platform for this device .
For many of the applications -- especially some of the third party titles starting to trickle out -- the stuff people are coming up with is insanely clever , just plain cool , or both .
For many consumers , it will be easy enough to accomplish much of what you would with a netbook or laptop on the iPad , and yet other experiences will extend far beyond what you would do on a typical computer .
It 's not a laptop replacement , and this OS can't do everything a laptop can do -- but maybe it does n't have to .
We 're not going to go super deep into all of the bundled applications , but we feel quite a few deserve special mention .
There are brand new applications that are hugely important to what the iPad is and does , and we wanted to take a moment to give an overview and opinion on what we felt really stood out .
Apple promises that web browsing on the iPad will be , to quote Steve Jobs , " The best browsing experience you 've ever had . "
Let 's just go over that one more time -- Steve Jobs says that the browsing experience will be the best you 've ever had .
So , is it ?
Well , we can tell you this : the browsing experience on the iPad is amazing .
It is smooth , fast , and fluid .
The screen displays beautifully in landscape or portrait , the scrolling is buttery , touch response is out of this world , and you can easily pinch - to - zoom all over the place with nary a hiccup .
The finger - based navigation really is kind of spectacular , and it makes browsing weirdly like rediscovering an old friend .
Other additions to the app like a proper bookmarks bar , use of toolbar drop downs , and an improved tab grid make it a pleasure to use .
It is without question one of the best browsing experiences we 've encountered .
But is it the best ?
Well , not really .
Why , you ask ?
Well that answer is simple and extremely complicated at the same time .
Currently , there is a web standard called Flash , developed by a company named Adobe , which allows for the easy insertion of rich media into webpages .
That 's everything from streaming video and audio files , online gaming , to entire websites made using its broad and deep development tools .
The penetration percentage for Flash on PCs around the world is something like 98 -- that 's almost everyone -- and many , many sites employ the standard on their pages .
When we say many , we mean most if not all of the pages you typically visit use Flash to display some of their content .
The iPad browser does n't support Flash , and wo n't support Flash , perhaps ever .
Apple has not only turned away from what is the industry standard for rich media in webpages , but it instead is pushing a newer standard called HTML5 .
Apple has been very successful thus far in moving its agenda forward and bringing websites into the fold of HTML5 , but we 're talking maybe , say , one percent of websites on the internet .
Probably way less .
So what does this mean for an end user ?
Well it means that when you visit a site like Hulu , HBO , NBC , Lala ( which ironically , Apple just purchased ) , Engadget , Gizmodo , or many , many others , you will have a broken experience .
That means there will be certain elements of these sites ( in the case of HBO , the entire site itself ) that simply wo n't work .
Now , we 're geeks .
We get it .
We know what 's going on when a site shows the broken plugin icon , or says we need Flash .
But to the wide world of " everyone " that Apple wants to sell this product to , this will result in a confusing and frustrating experience ... a broken experience .
That may be fine to Apple , but it is n't fine to us , and should n't be fine to the rest of the world .
As an aside , we 've been surprised other iPad reviews have not been more forthcoming in pointing this problem out -- this is not a small thing ; it 's is a major deficit in the iPad 's browser .
Now keep in mind we 're not saying we love Flash and want to marry it -- in fact , we 'd love to see a less CPU intensive format take its place -- but HTML5 is n't that format , at least not yet .
It 's important to understand that a lot of users will see the lack of Flash as a drawback , even if Apple does n't like the standard , and even if Safari on the iPad is a brilliant experience ( which it frankly is ) .
To say Apple is about to put a major dent in Kindleworld is an understatement .
The iBooks app is one of the most beautiful and thoughtful uses of the iPad screen real estate on the device .
It would be easy to rattle off a thousand words alone on how good of an e-book experience this is , but we 'll try to keep it brief considering how much there is to say about the iPad .
Simply put , it 's a great e-reader with enough options to please even the most strident critic .
The layout is quite simple ; along the top of the page in portrait mode you have a button to flip to your library ( a very slick hidden room kind of effect ) , a chapter button , brightness control , font size and face options , and a search drop down .
Within the book you can long press to bring up copy / paste , dictionary ( a beautiful implementation which pops up right over your content ) , bookmark ( another perfect implementation ) , or search options .
Besides the incredibly sexy page turning animations -- useless but gorgeous nonetheless -- the entire package is just so airtight .
It 's the first e-book reading experience we 've seen that seems to truly understand the visceral , sensual enjoyment of holding an actual volume in your hand .
The calendar and contacts apps on the device are n't exactly groundbreaking , but they are far more usable and information heavy on the iPad .
Both utilize -- at different intervals -- split screen , book - like displays .
The calendar app actually gives you a proper full month view and lets you interact with your schedule much like the iCal application for OS X does .
This is a biggie for Engadget .
Much of our time is spent dealing with email , and it has n't always been a pleasure on the iPhone .
Has that changed on the iPad ?
Not quite .
As Gmail enthusiasts , we 're sort of locked into the label / archiving / conversation scheme the big G has worked up .
Honestly , we think it 's a smarter , faster way to handle lots of email from lots of places .
On Mail for OS X , Apple at least adopts threaded messages to keep your conversations under control , but no such luck here .
In other " the iPad is not a computer " news , we could n't find a way to export a . txt file to any of the applications on the device , thus seriously hamstringing our ability to finish this review on the iPad itself .
We also take issue with how Apple wants you to handle attachments here .
They have to be done from the source app out into Mail -- what the hell kind of sense does that make ?
In all , we love the split screen displays and real estate for composing , but still feel like we 're floating out in the ether when managing our email .
It works , it 's fast , it 's consistent ... it 's just not what it could be .
All three of these money - shredding stores on the iPad hew much more closely to the desktop version of iTunes , which is a really good thing .
Finding , previewing , and buying titles is super simple due to the vast amount of data you get in a single view , and the modals which Apple uses to perfect effect here to pop over info about the content as you 're checking it out .
The iBookstore is a perfect companion to the reader , but we did find the current selection lacking ( very little Philip K. Dick and George R.R. Martin -- for shame ! ) .
Downloading was clear and simple , and there are free samples ( as well as lots of free titles ) to pick up if you just want to test the waters .
It 's obvious that publishers who are n't yet involved with Apple will see the light on this -- if the company is half as successful at pushing books as it has been at pushing music , this is indeed a game changer .
We 're not saying there 's no room for improvement , because there is plenty ( such as a clearer and more coherent periodicals strategy ) .
Still , this is a tried and tested model for the company , and the iPad versions deliver ( well , the iBookstore delivers for the first time ever ) .
The entertainment portions of the iPad are n't going to blow anyone away , but they all do an admirable job .
The iPod app is actually much , much better than its smaller cousin , though we 're surprised that Apple has n't leveraged its new - ish iTunes LP content here .
The iPad is the perfect place to view all that rich media , yet it 's nowhere to be found on the tablet .
A real miss , guys !
Otherwise , the video player takes on the task of running your video ( up to 720 p , with restrictions ) in a solid if spartan manner .
We 'd like to pause and just mention how sweet the marriage of HD content and the iPad 's display is .
Video really does look absolutely stunning on this screen -- Apple has done its homework on the tech , and we could n't be more impressed with the results .
YouTube makes big use of the segmented windows concept you see all over the device , giving you the option to browse other videos or even comment on what you 're watching while it 's playing .
Of course , it also allows for YouTube HD content , which looks fairly sharp most of the time .
Yes -- the iPad can run almost all 150,000 of the iPhone and iPod touch apps you know and love ( not every one is compatible , but the vast majority ) .
It does this in two modes , the first is a scaled down version in the middle of your giant screen , while the other is a pixel doubled iteration .
Both of these leave something to be desired , and we can't say that anything besides gaming really ends up looking okay .
It 's nice that Apple has included the functionality , but keep in mind that you are locked into what is essentially an iPhone simulator , complete with an iPhone keyboard ( scaled up if you 're using the pixel doubling , which does n't look that great ) .
It 's tremendous because you have access to applications you may need to use , but it 's not something you 're probably going to spend a lot of time with .
If you doubt the claim that the iPad can be a viable tool for creating content -- even stuffy businessman content -- then these apps should seriously make you clam up .
They are superb , surprisingly useful , amazingly robust applications .
We do n't necessarily agree with Apple 's saving scheme ( in that , there really is n't one ) , but you can't knock the core functionality of these apps .
It 's clear that at some point Apple is going to have to open up some kind of shared file repository on these devices to make them truly effective tools , but the combo of Numbers , Keynote , and Pages show that getting work done on these devices is not only possible , but actually kind of good in the right hands .
Our columnist and friend Michael Gartenberg has a done lengthier piece for us right here that goes a bit deeper on these apps -- if you 're interested to hear how they fare for a very busy man , you 'll want to read it .
There are really far too many third - party apps to do a deep dive on , but we want to call out a few innovators that we feel are making the iPad seem like a viable fourth screen we want to engage with .
Here 's a lightning - round rundown of what we saw and liked the most , but you can see a much larger and more detailed list right here
It 's almost impossible to believe , but during our initial tests , using the iPad pretty heavily , downloading and using lots of new apps , doing some 3D gaming , watching HD video , all the while getting email downloaded in the background , we got just about what Apple claims this device will do .
In fact , it went a little better -- we managed to get 10 hours and 43 minutes of life out of the iPad before we had to plug it in again in our first run through .
That 's pretty crazy endurance considering what we were doing with it .
Now , we were not watching HD video the whole time , or running the music player in the background while streaming Netflix movies , so we can't promise this will be the case in every situation .
Still , it did a pretty amazing job of matching up to Apple 's numbers , and you may color us impressed .
We 're going to be doing further battery testing once some other team members get their devices , so hopefully we 'll be able to report back with a more well - rounded assessment of what this thing is capable ( or not capable ) of .
At this point we 've run the full spectrum on iPad opinion .
It should be clear that there are aspects of this device which we love , and others which we clearly do not .
In summarizing our feelings about the iPad , we 're forced to take two paths -- one which analyzes the device 's position in relation to the advancement of the personal computer , and one which clearly speaks to whether or not we think you should spend your money on this thing .
Path one : the iPad as a computing revolution .
Does the iPad evolve the personal computer in a significant way ?
Yeah , actually , it kind of does .
Despite what you think right now , and despite the limitations Apple has put on some aspects of this device , what it says to the market is significant .
The iPad is powerful , elegant , and largely unlike any computer you 've ever used .
You know how first generation games for a console look kind of dated when you put them against titles released after years of honing ?
Imagine what will be happening with something like the iPad in a year or two .
This stuff is legitimately important .
It 's not magical , but it 's a little bit revolutionary , and you have to at least give Apple that .
They 've pulled off a cohesive touch computing platform with very few rough edges -- and that 's no small feat .
Path two : should you buy into the revolution today ?
The first thing that must be said -- although we 've already stated it -- is that we do n't think the iPad is a laptop replacement .
Not yet .
What that means is that if you need a laptop to work in something like Excel , Word , or countless other PC or Mac applications , you should n't expect the iPad to take its place .
But , if you 're like a lot of computer users , you do n't really do much on your system except for listen to music , casually browse the web and read news sites , watch some online video , play games , and keep in touch with friends via Twitter , IM , and Facebook .
If you fit that description , you might just fall in love with Apple 's $ 499 bundle of joy -- because it does the majority of those things much better than its laptop counterparts ( granted , one at a time , and , er ... not online video ) .
So the verdict ?
The buyer of an iPad is one of two people , the first is someone who sees not just the present , but the potential of a product like the iPad ... and believes in and is excited about that potential .
This is also a person who can afford what amounts to a luxury item .
The second is an individual who simply does n't need to get that much work done , and would prefer their computing experience to be easier , faster , and simpler .
Does that sound like anyone you know ?
Note : Apple informed us that some of the software on our test unit was early , so there could be changes when everything goes live today .
If we see any alterations of note , we 'll be sure to update the review .
San Diego , CA Restaurant Coupons
Find Coupons to San Diego , CA Restaurants .
These coupons work as gift certificates , but every coupon has restrictions .
Hover over restaurants to see the coupon and the restrictions .
These coupons are sold by Restaurant.com and are sorted using 3rd party ratings .
Current Restaurant.com Coupon : 0 % off with Discount Code:n/
a
Lots of people talking about this video of cyclist Luke Rae in St. Johns , Newfoundland .
He uses a helmet cam to show his encounters with scofflaw , law breaking motorists .
When motorists can learn to obey the rules of the road , I ’ll recognize their privilege to use those roads .
So yeah , there are the occasional idiots who fail to recognize my right of way .
The same things happen while I drive , but when I ’m on bike I tend to remember it because I ’m just a little more vulnerable .
I watched a motorist run a red light Wednesday evening in Palo Alto and come that close to hitting a pedestrian in the crosswalk .
She slammed her brakes on just in time — the pedestrian was sweating bullets , while the driver smiled apologetically and waved at the pedestrian .
To the motorist , these close calls are nothing — just part of the driving experience , and nothing to think about , nothing to remember , and it ’s certainly not an opportunity to learn .
Maybe helmet cam videos like this will help remind all of us to be a little more watchful while we drive .
In other news , perhaps Citizen Rider should carry a camera with him .
Share this : Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
Twitter
LinkedIn
Pocket
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Oil executives have traded blame in Congress over the Gulf Coast oil spill , as the battle to contain it continues .
British oil giant BP told a Senate hearing a crucial safety device used by drilling contractor Transocean failed .
Senators heard Transocean argue in turn that BP had been in charge and that a third firm , a BP contractor , did not plug the exploratory well properly .
President Barack Obama was said by the White House to be " deeply frustrated " the oil leak had yet to be stopped .
The Obama administration has announced a break - up of the federal oil industry watchdog amid fears of a conflict of interest .
Golf balls Interior Secretary Ken Salazar told reporters the administration would " establish independence and separation " for the Minerals Management Service , which both inspects rigs and collects oil royalties .
MARDELL'S AMERICA
There 's been plenty of technical detail in Washington as three companies try to explain what went wrong ...
In simple language it's a blame game
Mark Mardell
BBC North America editor
Read Mark 's blog Eleven people died when an explosion destroyed the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig on 20 April .
Some 5,000 barrels ( 210,000 gallons ) of oil a day have been gushing into the sea since then , threatening the delicate ecosystem of the US Gulf coast .
Soldiers using helicopters and bulldozers , helped by prison inmates , are battling to contain the slick .
BP 's efforts to cap the well were set back at the weekend when a giant metal funnel lowered over the site suffered a build - up of ice - like crystals and had to be put aside .
BP hopes to make a second attempt this week to seal the well .
The oil giant 's latest plan is to ram rubbish such as golf balls and shredded tyres into the leak to block the hole , says BBC North America editor Mark Mardell .
The broken pipe is almost a mile ( 1.6 km ) below the ocean 's surface , with little visibility for remote - controlled vehicles .
A relief well is being drilled but may take up to three months to complete .
' Cascade of errors '
In Washington , BP , Transocean and a third firm , Halliburton , gave senators technical explanations of what went wrong .
But in simple language it was a blame game , our North America editor says .
ATTEMPTS TO CONTROL SLICK
Booms have been partly successful although rough seas have washed oil over them Some controlled burning of oil has taken place , but it causes serious air pollution About 325,000 gallons of dispersant have been used , although scientists warn it may kill marine life A relief well is being drilled but could take many weeks A huge steel funnel suffered a build - up of ice - like crystals and had to be put aside
In maps : Fighting the slick Deepwater Horizon was owned and operated by Swiss - based Transocean , but was working on behalf of BP .
Lamar McKay , head of BP America , focused on a critical safety device , the 450 - tonne blowout protector ( BOP ) .
It was supposed to shut off oil flow on the ocean floor in the event of a well blowout , but he said it had " failed to operate " .
He noted that BP had not owned the rig and so " responsibility for the safety of drilling operations " belonged to Transocean .
But Transocean chief executive Steven Newman said there was no reason to believe the BOP had been at fault .
" Offshore oil and gas production projects begin and end with the operator , in this case BP , " he said .
He also pinned blame on the failure of a cement oil - well casing built by BP contractor Halliburton .
However , Halliburton executive Tim Probert argued his firm had followed all requirements set out by BP and industry practices .
Senate Energy Committee Chairman Jeff Bingaman said the oil rig explosion had probably been due to a " cascade of errors , technical , human and regulatory " .
The BBC's North America editor says the details of the engineering may be obscure , but the motivation is clear enough : no - one wants to say the loss of lives , the environmental impact or the economic effect was their fault .
Accepting blame will have huge financial consequences .
And President Obama wants new laws to lift the cap on how much firms are liable to pay for such disasters from millions to billions of dollars - and that would apply to this accident , our North America editor adds .
Sex and drugs Announcing a shake - up at the Minerals Management Service ( MMS ) , Interior Secretary Salazar said it was important to build " a strong and independent organisation holding energy companies accountable " .
" The tragedy aboard the Deepwater Horizon and the massive spill for which BP is responsible has made the importance and urgency of our reform agenda even clearer , " he added .
Critics say the MMS - a branch of Mr Salazar 's Department of the Interior - has been riddled with conflicts of interest .
They argue that the two core responsibilities of the MMS are diametrically opposed - making money off the industry by collecting royalties , while cracking down on it in ways that may affect the industry 's bottom line .
A 2008 internal investigation found some MMS employees had taken drugs and had sex with energy company representatives .
Some staff had also accepted gifts and free holidays amid " a culture of ethical failure " , according to the investigation .
The interior secretary has been conducting a 30 - day review of offshore drilling at the request of President Obama .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
UNITED NATIONS
–Israel will not attend the United Nations Nuclear Non-Proliferation Review Summit next week in New York City .
Mirit Cohen , spokesman at Israel 's U.N. mission , explained that since Jerusalem has not signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , it will " not participate " in the review conference to be held at U.N. headquarters .
Earlier this month , Israel downgraded its representation at the nuclear arms summit hosted by President Obama in Washington .
TRENDING : The Bidens avoided paying more than $ 500,000 in payroll taxes by exploiting S corporations
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu had intended to participate , but in another sign of strained relations with the White House , sent Intelligence and Nuclear Energy Minister Dan Meridor instead .
Jerusalem has resisted pressure from more than five U.S. administrations to sign the treaty curbing the development of nuclear weapons .
While not confirming or denying it possesses nuclear arms , every Israeli prime minister has publicly stated the Jewish state " will never be the first to use nuclear weapons in the Middle East . "
In the past , Israel has unofficially sent observers to " monitor " the U.N. nuclear meetings , but not this time .
Israel will join India , Pakistan and North Korea in skipping next week 's meeting .
The conclave , designed to review the control of the spread of nuclear weapons meets for a review once every five years .
With so many key nations not in attendance , it is unclear if anything of substance can be achieved .
More than 30 nations will send representatives , including Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
Israel , which has stridently criticized Iran 's nuclear activities , refused any comment on Ahmadinejad 's upcoming visit to New York .
RELATED : Iran to fire long - range missiles during naval drill
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg reluctantly accepted his city 's responsibility to play host to the controversial Iranian leader :
" I disagree with the guy on probably everything he 's ever said . …
I do n't care for him , but the United Nations has to welcome everyone and we want the United Nations here in New York . "
Russia , China , Britain , France and Germany will also be sending high - level delegations .
Clinton reportedly will use the meeting to pressure the U.N. Security Council to move ahead on the U.S. demand that a third round of sanctions be imposed on Iran .
Tehran has ignored council demands to suspend atomic activities which the council believes could have military applications .
Iran also has announced that in August it will complete and activate one of the world 's largest nuclear power plants , near the Persian Gulf port of Bushehr .
The $ 6 billion project , being built by Russia , is more than 30 years in the making and was originally started with German assistance under the late Shah of Iran , Mohammad Reza Pahlavi .
Once completed , the Bushehr nuclear power complex will be among the 20 largest in the world , according to the International Atomic Energy Agency , the U.N. atomic watchdog .
Ahmadinejad , making his second visit to New York City in less than a year , is expected to lobby certain Russia and China to stall any U.S. sanctions campaign .
While it is possible that Clinton 's and the Iranian 's paths may cross during the summit , the White House insists no meeting between the two will take place .
The White House and State Department have also refused any comment on the Ahmadinejad visit and Israel 's decision not to attend the summit .
Phone interview with Doro Pesch
By Aniruddh " Andrew " Bansal May 22nd 2010 , Los Angeles CA
I spoke on the phone with metal queen Doro Pesch .
She talked about her upcoming 25th anniversary DVD , her 2500th concert , tattooing a fan for charity , doing soundtrack for a new movie , the German version of Metalocalypse , giving more than a 100 % for every song , plans for the next studio album , singers that inspired her , the current set list , playing female metal festivals in the past and a possible US tour this year among many other things in this in - depth interview , including a very emotional tribute to Ronnie James Dio .
Listen to the chat below !
Part 1
Part 2
Part 3
Breed Breed ( 1995 - 2007 ) is a computer program that uses artificial evolution to grow very detailed sculptures .
The purpose of each growth is to generate by cell division from a single cell a detailed form that can be materialised .
On the basis of selection and mutation a code is gradually developed that best fulfils this " fitness " criterion and thus yields a workable form .
The designs were initially made in plywood .
Currently the objects can be made in nylon and in stainless steel by using 3D printing techniques .
This automates the whole process from design to execution : the industrial production of unique artefacts .
Street artist Shepard Fairey work on his latest project on E. Houston Street and the Bowery Tuesday night .
View Full Caption DNAinfo / Patrick Hedlund
Jill Colvin
DNAinfo.com Reporter / Producer
MIDTOWN WEST — Straphangers on their way to and from work Wednesday were surprised to see Transportation Security Administration officials , who usually screen luggage in airports , checking bags at local subway stations .
The TSA launched a pilot partnership with the NYPD Wednesday morning to enhance security on city trains , a spokeswoman for the TSA said .
About a dozen stations are covered daily , according to the NYPD .
" While there is no specific threat to mass transit in the United States at this time , TSA and NYPD continuously work together to strengthen overall security efforts and keep the American people safe , " the Administration said in a statement .
Student Araya Phianpet , 29 , who just moved to New York from Thailand , was greeted this evening with a baggage search by the TSA .
View Full Caption DNAinfo / Jill Colvin
At the 40th Street and 8th Avenue entrance to the Port Authority 42nd Street station , TSA staffers began randomly searching passengers at 4 p.m .
The searches were expected to last through the evening rush .
Screeners said that passengers are generally happy to comply .
" For the most part , people co-operate fully , " said NYPD Lt. Francis O'Keeffe , who oversaw the operation .
Latifa Ziyad , who is visiting from Boston her three daughters , said she is fine with the searches if they make people safer .
" As long as I 'm not getting singled out because I look a certain way , it 's okay , " she said .
Others were willing but eager to get on with their days .
" It 's alright , I 've got thing to hide , " said accountant Ramone Esmilla , 50 , as officers tested his knapsack , which was filled with gym clothes .
" But I just want to get out of here and pick up my kid . "
The Administration has nicknamed the teams , which randomly screen passengers ' bags using chemical swabs , " VIPR "s ( pronounced viper ) : Visible Intermodal Prevention and Response .
Subway baggage checks have been routinely conducted by the NYPD since 2005 following the London subway bombings .
TSA spokeswoman
Ann Davis would not say how long the Administration expects the program to last , except that mass transit riders should anticipate a TSA presence underground " for the foreseeable future . "
Ich liebe das Gefühl , wenn ich zum ersten Mal ein neues Level von Brawl Stars düsterem Dungeon erkunde .
Von den Feinden über die Umgebungskunst bis hin zum Sounddesign passt alles perfekt zusammen , um eine gruselige Atmosphäre zu schaffen , in der das Unbekannte enthüllt wird , ohne zu wissen , was die nächste Treppe hinunter liegen könnte .
Dann trete ich auf eine billige tödliche Falle , muss von vorne anfangen und muss wahrscheinlich die nächsten 30 Minuten damit verbringen , Laternenbrennstoff und Fledermaus zu züchten , damit ich einen weiteren Riss nehmen kann .
So tötet man die Stimmung und nicht mehr , weshalb es viel besser ist einen Brawl Stars Cheat zu verwenden .
Fast alle meine größten Enttäuschungen kommen darauf zurück , dass das Spiel scheinbar nicht in der Lage ist zu entscheiden , ob es ein launischer , absichtlicher Dungeon Crawler mit befriedigendem Kampf oder ein bestrafendes Überlebens - Action Spiel sein möchte , das Sie niemals entspannen lässt .
Es ist am besten , wenn es das erste Ziel vor Augen hat , mich mit coolen , unterirdischen Perspektiven zu begeistern und mich mit schwer zu findenden geheimen Räumen mit nützlichen Belohnungen zu verführen .
Von den relativ ruhigen , taufrischen Höhlen , in denen die Reise beginnt , hinunter zu den höllischen Gruben weit unter der Erde , die Sie wirklich selbst sehen müssen , hat jeder Satz von Levels eine starke Identität , die davon abhängt , wie weit ich in den 40er Jahren gekommen bin oder so Stunden verbrachte ich , um das Ende zu erreichen .
Besonders gut hat mir die Nekropolis Abteilung in der Mitte gefallen , die voll von hungrigen Ghouls und verunsichernden Knochenmonolithen ist .
Ich wurde angespornt , mich in weitere Gefahren zu vertiefen , nur um zu verstehen , was dieser
Ort war und wie es dazu kam .
Und genau das sollte ein wirklich interessanter Dungeon tun .
Um die schwierigsten Dungeons zu überstehen empfehlen wir immer den neuesten Brawl Stars Hack Tool zu benutzen .
Aber dieses zweite Ziel – Sie niemals aus den Füßen zu lassen – ist oft dazu da , den Moment zu ruinieren .
Es gibt kein stärkeres Beispiel dafür als der verdammte Hunger Meter , der zu den unnötigsten gehört , die ich je in einem Spiel erlebt habe .
Es ist praktisch eine tückische
Uhr für den Hunger , und nichts bringt mich davon ab , eine massive , zerstörte , unterirdische Stadt wie ein kleines rotes Symbol zu entdecken , das mich daran erinnert , dass ich nicht aufhören kann , die wunderschöne Architektur zu genießen oder jeden Winkel sorgfältig nach Geheimnissen zu durchsuchen .
Sobald mein begrenzter Vorrat an vorbereiteten nahrhaften Suppen aufgebraucht ist , muss ich schnell nach Pilzen suchen , oder ich riskiere , alles zu verlieren .
Es ist so kontraproduktiv , denn obwohl viele dieser Ebenen prozessual erzeugt werden , betteln sie nur darum , in einem methodischen Tempo genossen und dargestellt zu werden .
Es gibt einen Item Shop mit einigen wirklich coolen Sachen , die ich zum ersten Mal auf einer der oberen Ebenen komplett vermisst habe , weil das ständige Bewusstsein meiner begrenzten Vorräte mich davon abhielt , gründlich zu sein .
Stephen Timms has spoken out against knife crime Former Labour minister Stephen Timms has been stabbed twice in the stomach at a constituency event in east London .
Mr Timms , 54 , is being treated in Royal London Hospital .
His injuries are not said to be life - threatening .
A 21 - year old woman was arrested after the attack at about 1500 BST at the Beckton Globe Library in Newham , where the MP holds a regular surgery .
Mr Timms served at the Treasury under Tony Blair and Gordon Brown and was recently re-elected as MP for East Ham .
A Metropolitan Police spokesman said a knife had been recovered from the scene .
I saw him being dragged into another room .
There was blood on his shirt
An eyewitness Unmesh Desai , the MP 's aide during the general election , said Mr Timms was " obviously shaken " .
The MP will undergo exploratory surgery to see the extent of his injuries and will remain in hospital overnight .
Mr Timms is reported to be sitting up in Royal London Hospital and talking to staff .
A hospital spokesman described his condition as " stable " .
A 16 - year - old girl , who did not want to be named , was present at the incident and described the scene .
" I saw everyone screaming .
There was a bit of blood on the floor , " she said .
" It was quite dramatic .
I saw him being dragged into another room .
There was blood on his shirt . "
' Stabbed him ' Mayor of Newham Sir Robin Wales said : " My understanding is there was an appointment made for the woman .
" At the beginning of the interview she stabbed him . "
The woman was disarmed by one of Mr Timms ' assistants , Andrew Bazeley , before the security guard arrived , Sir Robin added .
The MP has told friends he had not met her before and has no idea why she attacked him .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Acting Labour leader Harriet Harman passed on her best wishes and said : " Parliament needs to consider how best to ensure MPs can carry out their responsibilities safely .
" One of the great strengths of the British political system is the everyday accessibility of MPs to their constituents , but we can't have a situation where MPs are at risk . "
Liberal Democrat peer Nigel Jones was himself wounded and his aide Andrew Pennington was killed in a sword attack in 2000 during a weekly constituency surgery in Cheltenham , Gloucestershire .
Mr Jones said : " My heart goes out to Stephen .
" I 'm very keen for MPs to meet their constituents face - to - face ... but there are measures that can be taken . "
He said that following the 2000 attack police recommended security measures for him including installing a panic button , which were followed .
The peer suggested that all MPs , especially new MPs , should contact police and see that their security arrangements are " fit for purpose " .
Mr Timms was stabbed twice in the stomach Mr Jones , then an MP , received lacerations to his hands and arms in the attack .
Robert Ashman was jailed for manslaughter and attempted murder .
Several MPs sent Mr Timms their best wishes via Twitter .
Labour MP for Glasgow South Tom Harris wrote : " Awful news , Stephen .
Wishing you a very speedy recovery . "
Greg Mulholland , Liberal Democrat MP for Leeds North West , wrote : " Awful news about Stephen Timms , thank goodness not life - threatening .
" Stephen is one of politics ' thoroughly nice guys , a real gentleman . "
Mr Timms has regularly spoken out against knife crime in his constituency , particularly among young people .
In 2006 , he spoke at an event to mark the death of 15 - year - old Charlotte Polius , who was stabbed while walking in the street the previous year .
Mr Timms later issued a statement expressing his " thanks and gratitude to both the staff at Beckton Globe for their assistance , and the ambulance and hospital staff for their fantastic care " .
The MP was a close confidant of both Gordon Brown and Alistair Darling during Labour 's 13 years in government , serving latterly as financial secretary to the Treasury .
Largest majority
He has been MP for the constituency - and previously for Newham North East - since 1994 .
His personal popularity in his constituency is reflected by the fact that he secured a 7.7 % swing from the Conservatives in last week 's election , when Labour was generally losing ground across the country .
Mr Timms won 70.4 % of the vote and his 27,826 majority is the largest in the new House of Commons .
Married to Hui-Leng Lim , he describes himself as a Christian Socialist and is Labour 's vice - chairman for faith groups .
Cabinet ministers and former ministers , particularly those who served in departments such as the Home Office and the Northern Ireland Office , have security protection .
The majority of MPs do not .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Marci McDonald should count her blessings .
The timing of her potentially bound - to - be - explosive book , The Armageddon Factor : the Rise of Christian Nationalism in Canada , which hits bookstore today , might be is , if not sublime , downright divine .
That ’s because , Tuesday morning on Parliament Hill , hundreds of elected officials , lobbyists , assorted Parliament Hill types as well as the nation ’s faithful are gathering for the 45th annual National Prayer Breakfast , where they will “ pray in the spirit of Jesus Christ for Canada . ’’
What ’s more , The Armageddon Factor , which examines the religious right across the faiths and how Stephen Harper ’s government has forged bonds with it , comes after weeks of reports on Conservatives opposition to abortion and family planning , the defunding of activist womens ’ groups , the withdrawal of subsidies to gay pride events across the country , the cuts to KAIROS and the publication of an unprecedented amount of grants to Bible schools .
“ My problem was , as my book went to bed , headlines were coming daily , ” McDonald says over the phone from her Toronto home .
“ All my worries about having to prove my case that this government is intent on cultivating the social conservative constituency in this country were nothing to worry about .
They were doing it so openly that you could hardly keep up with the headlines . ”
The book , which sprang from her controversial 2006 piece for The Walrus , “ Stephen Harper and the TheoCons , ’’ is a clarion call to Canadians — and to the Ottawa press gallery — to pay attention to how the religious right , especially evangelical Christians who belong to many ethnic groups , is increasingly influencing both foreign and domestic policy .
That while growing and gaining greater access to the corridors of government .
“ This was not a polemic I wrote ; I do not reveal that Stephen Harper has a secret altar in his basement .
But I did try to connect the dots because everybody was telling me this is n’t happening here , not in nice , tolerant , moderate Canada , ” says McDonald .
In her book , she tracks how the transformation of Canada has been happening incrementally but inexorably .
Consider one of the Harper government ’s first moves : the cancellation of the Liberals ’ long - promised national daycare program for a $ 25 / week taxable stipend per child .
“ That showed the canniness of Harper ’s strategy , ’’ explains McDonald .
“ Most people saw it as , ‘ Oh yes the neocons do n’t like government - funded social policies . ’
What they did n’t realize was that he was also pandering to social conservatives who do n’t believe that the government should have any role in child - rearing , who believe that mothers should be at home bringing up their children or who send their children to religious daycares and schools .
It was one of those policies that cut across both of his constituencies , economic and social .
That would characterize most of his policies . ”
Then there ’s abortion .
Despite Harper ’s repeated claim that he does n’t want to re-open the debate , his caucus never closes it .
For example , two years ago , it was a private member ’s bill to protect “ the unborn child . ’’
Most recently , it ’s an attempt by Winnipeg - South MP Rod Bruinooge , chair of the Pro-Life Caucus , to charge anybody who “ coerces ’ ’ a woman to have an abortion .
Says McDonald : “ Harper wo n’t associate the government with ( abortion ) by putting forth a government bill .
He will test the waters with private members ’ bills .
That ’s where the gradual erosion will take place .
You get a restriction here , a restriction there , and pretty soon … ”
Her voice trails off .
Many of these policies are coming not only from MPs and the party grassroots but straight from the PMO where senior staffers such Darrel Reid ( Focus on the Family ) and Christian educator Paul Wilson advise Harper .
“ I just want people to know the facts , ’’ says McDonald .
“ It is the connections , the depth of the organizational roots , that these organizations have put down in Ottawa .
These are not known .
Four years ago , they were not being catered to , they were n’t being invited to VIP receptions , they were n’t being asked for special election events , they were n’t having special letters read out their rallies , they were n’t getting ( security ) passes to Parliament Hill .
“ And I am talking about fairly radical groups . ’’
These groups have been aided in their mission by some of the most extreme elements of the Christian right in the U.S. Groups headed by the likes of Pat Robertson and the late Jerry Falwell , who blamed 9/11 on “ the pagans , and the abortionists , and the feminists , and the gays and the lesbians . ”
Groups led by Toronto ’s Charles McVety , who railed against same sex rights in Canada , and who , last month , organized the defeat of Ontario ’s new sex education curriculum .
“ Without the same - sex marriage debate , I do n’t think this movement would be as strong , it would n’t have come together , it would n’t have been galvanized , ” notes McDonald .
“ American groups would n’t have jumped to fund or to send in their rhetoric here practically prepackaged because they were afraid the infection would seep over the border .
So why should we be surprised when Gay pride is defunded ? ”
According to The Armageddon Factor , evangelicals believe Canada has to clean up its act on abortion , feminism , and homosexuality because it has a special role to play in the “ end times . ”
That ’s because of Psalms 72 : 8 - 9 , which leads off the book , and foretells of “ dominion … from sea to sea , and from the River to the ends of the earth . ”
Never mind that it was likely about an ancient tribal leader ’s turf .
Many evangelicals see it as a sign , as they see how Parliament Hill ’s Peace Tower clock , which stopped because of electrical problems for the first time ever in 2006 , stopped at 7:28 .
That brings us to The Rapture which , as McDonald describes it , is “ that mythic moment when some born - again Christians expect to be snatched up to salvation before the battle of Armageddon . ’’
But only if you ’re saved of course .
“ Canada seems to be the only country to have its geography described in the Bible , ’’ notes McDonald , not entirely joking .
“ Canada must fulfill its Biblical destiny .
That ’s why evangelicals want to see Canada declared a Christian nation . ’’
Do n’t think it ca n’t happen .
There is , officially , no separation between church and state in Canada , despite what many assume .
“ I think we should be vigilant , ” says McDonald .
“ We have to decide what kind of a country we want to live in .
We have to stay on top of these issues because this is a government wedded to secrecy .
“ It ’s the old story about cooking a frog .
You do n’t put the frog in boiling water , it will jump out .
You put it in a pot of cold water and slowly turn up the temperature .
“ This government has chosen a strategy ( that ) risks changing the Canada that most of us have agreed we want to live in and the tolerance that we have built , faulty as it is . ’’
US record labels have claimed another victory in their war against filesharing , winning a major court case against LimeWire .
On Tuesday , a federal court ruled against the popular peer - to - peer platform , finding LimeWire 's owners personally liable for copyright infringement .
The Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) , which represents the four major US labels , brought the case against LimeWire in August 2006 .
Almost four years later , the service is still perhaps the most popular software for exchanging files – allowing users to search each other 's music libraries for songs they would like to share .
According to CNET , LimeWire has been downloaded more than 200 m times – including 340,000 downloads last week .
A survey by the NDP Group found that LimeWire was used by 58 % of people who have downloaded music from a peer - to - peer network in the last year .
Like Napster ( and AIMster and Grokster ) before them , LimeWire 's owners denied they were responsible for the legality of files shared by their users .
Unlike Napster , LimeWire does not host any shared files on their own servers – the material is distributed among users .
But Judge Kimba
Wood was not convinced by the argument .
" The evidence demonstrates that [ LimeWire ] optimised [ their ] features to ensure that users [ could ] download digital recordings , the majority of which are protected by copyright , " she said ..
" [ Lime Wire ] assisted users in committing infringement . "
In a summary judgment , Wood ruled that LimeWire founder Mark Gorton , as well as parent company Lime Group , had committed copyright infringement , engaged in unfair competition , and induced copyright infringement .
By finding Gorton personally responsible , Wood 's decision will be particularly terrifying to other " edge case " entrepreneurs .
In other words , Facebook 's owners had better make sure people do n't start uploading illegal MP3s .
The court has not yet determined the issue of monetary damages , though the RIAA has claimed they are owed up to $ 150,000 for every infringing work .
With millions of files in question , that number could become huge .
" [ LimeWire ] thumbed its nose at the law and creators , " the RIAA 's chairman said .
Labels will now likely move for an injunction against LimeWire , forcing the service to go offline .
According to George Searle , chief executive of LimeWire , the company " remains committed to developing innovative products and services for the end - user and to working with the entire music industry , including the major labels , to achieve this mission " .
Quantum of Deployment
Posted by Erik Kastner on May 20 , 2010
aka .
Deployinating the Country Side
UPDATE 2011-07-29 :
Deployinator is now Open Source !
Grab it on github : https://github.com/etsy/deployinator
We deploy a lot of code .
Deployinator is our creation to make that as easy and painless as possible .
Deployinator is a one button web - based deployment app .
Hit that button and code goes to our webservers and is serving requests in almost no time .
Using Deployinator we ’ve brought a typical web push from 3 developers , 1 operations engineer , everyone else on standby and over an hour ( when things went smoothly ) down to 1 person and under 2 minutes .
At Etsy , we ’re doing what ’s come to be called Continuous Deployment .
However , what we ’ve learned is that having a tool like Deployinator is useful for more than just enabling that .
This post is about those benefits – for anyone deploying web code .
Why
Our job as engineers ( and ops , dev-ops , QA , support , everyone in the company actually ) is to enable the business goals .
We strongly feel that in order to do that you must have the ability to deploy code quickly and safely .
Even if the business goals are to deploy strongly QA ’d code once a month at 3 am ( it ’s not for us , we push all the time ) , having a reliable and easy deployment should be non-negotiable .
It ’s a metric I ’ve come to call the “ quantum of deployment ” : what ’s the smallest number of steps , with the smallest number of people and the smallest amount of ceremony required to get new code running on your servers ?
This is n’t a trivial question .
Even if you ’re on a slow release cycle , and have a push engineer , what happens if there ’s an emergency push needed ?
Does it go through your normal process , or is there a fast - lane ?
Do your fast - lane deployments get logged ?
Are they measured for speed ?
Is everyone aware that it happened the way they would for a normal deployment , or is it your dirty little secret ?
It ’s not hard to get started .
If you currently have a bunch of shell scripts that move everything in place , wrap those up with a single shell script .
The most important thing is that it ’s ONE easy step .
This might require changing your process .
Try to remove or replace special cases .
The less thought it takes to deploy , the more you can focus on getting stuff done .
Once deploying is No Big Deal , a lot of things can change .
Features can go out a piece at a time instead of one all - or - nothing push .
Your app configuration options can be in code – and changed quickly .
Your hair can grow back .
Puppies will lick your face !
What
Custom software ?
There ’s a lot of choice out there , and we generally try to not reinvent the wheel whenever possible ( and this wheel has been invented again and again ) .
After comparing our requirements with the available software , we decided to roll our own .
Here ’s what we were looking for :
Web based
Logged ( When , What and Who )
Adaptable to our network
Run from a central location
Announced in our IRC and email
Transparent in regards to its actions
Integrated with our graphing / monitoring tools
A lot of our requirements are inspired by the way Flickr deploys , as documented in Building Scalable Websites ( Written by Friend of Etsy , Cal Henderson ) .
For anyone deploying code ( engineers , designers … anyone really ) , it ’s an easy process .
Once your code is ready to go , you go to Deployinator and push the button to get it on QA .
From there it visits Princess ( see the sidebar ) .
Then , when it ’s ready to go live , you hit the “ Prod ” button and soon your code is live , and everyone in IRC knows who pushed what code , complete with a link to the diff .
For anyone not on IRC , there ’s the email that everyone gets with the same information .
What it looks like
This is the main Deployinator screen .
Here is how we deploy the “ web stack ” .
Sidebar :
What the heck is a “ Princess ” ?
Princess is our staging environment .
So why did n’t we just call it “ staging ” ?
Partly , that ’s just how we roll .
We used to have an environment called “ Staging ” that was the last stop before code went live to everyone .
However , it was not ideally set up ; the first time your code would interact with actual production hardware was when you deployed .
Princess uses production data stores , our production network and production hardware .
In order to make a clean mental break from the old way , one of our rad engineers , Eric Fixler , came up with “ Princess ” .
Here ’s our IRC bot telling everyone that something went out .
It also includes a link to the commits that went live .
How
When we first brought Deployinator online , it was just a web frontend to the shell scripts that moved everything in the right place .
What we gained by putting a screen in front of it was the ability to iterate the backend without changing the experience for people deploying .
Deployinator currently uses svn to update the code , then rsync to move it between environments .
Another important part of Deployinator is that the environments are a one way street .
Code going from Princess to production is unaffected by any commits that have happened since getting on princess .
This creates something of a “ mantrap “ , so that we know exactly what we ’re deploying .
No surprises !
Deployinator is n’t used just for our web stack either .
With the simple architecture we ’ve built , we can add all kinds of stuff to it easily .
It ’s currently used for many different things such as the API , Lists service , internal admin-only tools and others .
Having a single deployment process has removed a lot of complexity .
When
This is n’t a post about continuous deployment .
Having a very simple deployment procedure is something you should do even if the thought of deploying your code 20 times a day scares you .
Deployment can be a contentious subject with many stakeholders .
Getting it simple and repeatable allows everyone to share a common vocabulary .
For the nerds …
Transporting the bits and bytes
Here ’s a rundown of some of the interesting parts of how Deployinator actually moves bits around .
As mentioned above , this has changed and will change again .
We analyze our entire process and have some low - hanging performance fruit to pick .
As of today , an API push takes about 18 seconds , a Princess push takes about the same , and a production web push is 70 - 150 seconds .
Here are the steps that a web push goes through :
From the repo of truth
We ’re deploying directly from trunk ( that ’s a whole other post ! ) .
So the first step of deploying is to update the code on the deploy host .
Builda what now ?
After the code is updated , we run “ builda ” , an app we wrote to take our assets and bundle them up with lots of magic .
We use a combination of javascript async loading , Google ’s closure and versioned directories to make things like css , javascript and sprites as fast as possible .
Rsync
At this point , we have a bunch of directories on our deploy host that represent our web tree .
We then rsync to a staging area on each web box .
Fanout
At some number of boxes , rsyncing back to a single push host stops working .
We ’re employing a strategy called fan out .
We rsync in chunks of 10 hosts at a time .
This is one area where a lot of speed ups will be happening soon .
First they came for our assets …
Pop quiz , hotshot : Someone visits the site during a deployment and box 1 ( the one they randomly get ) has the new code .
The html they ’re returned refers to a new image .
When they request that image , they end up on box 451 .. which does n’t have that asset yet .
What do you do ?
WHAT DO YOU DO ?
We ’ve solved this with two steps .
The first ( mentioned above ) is versioned asset directories .
The next is to get those assets on ALL hosts before ANY host has the new code referring to it .
Graceful
We ’re using APC user caching , and expect it to have fresh data each deployment .
Things like some application settings , database fields and routes are all cached for super fast lookups .
However , if someone changes something in some code going out , we need to make sure that it ’s fresh .
We ’re currently issuing a graceful restart to our apaches on each deployment .
Deployinator itself
One of the design goals of Deployinator has been to be as simple as possible .
It ’s a sinatra web app , but could really be written in anything .
The script that does the svn updating ( and checking out for new stacks ) is in PHP and some of the straight - up simplest code possible .
The commands that Deployinator runs through for each different stack are listed in ruby methods , and are mostly strings ( with servers and such interpolated ) .
It ’s easy for anyone to come in and change how something works .
Simple , understandable software that gets the job done .
The one fancy bit of Deployinator is the streaming rack middleware that powers the live updating code window :
Database DDLs are n’t code
An awesome feature of Capistrano is the ability to run schema migrations as part of your deployment .
At a certain scale , however , database changes become more time consuming and dangerous .
All of our schema changes go through a stringent process with several checks in place .
However , not all schema is defined in the database .
Whenever we have schema that ’s defined in code , or inside the data itself , it ’s just a normal code push .
Conclusion
Our deployment process is a very important part of how we work at Etsy .
We treat it just like our web code , databases or other “ serious ” things .
Deployinator has helped us to get more features out faster with less defects and drama .
As we triple our engineering team in 2010 ( we ’re hiring ! ) , tools like this are what make it possible for us to change the world .
The Live Lounge seems to have a very decent set of artists dropping in over the next few weeks , and the first of these big names was B.o.B ( aka Bobby Ray ) .
As his first UK single Nothin ’ On
You went straight to the number 1 spot last week , it was elementary that he would be doing a live version of it .
I ’m 99.99 % sure that the vocalist is n’t Bruno Mars , because frankly it ’s not up to his standards .
Although to be fair it does sound like the piano is out of key at the start of the performance which definitely threw him off .
However , B.o. B rescued the potential car crash with a perfect delivery of his part of the song .
He then chose to cover MGMT ’s indie anthem Kids , and it was an absolutely fantastic performance .
On Kids B.o. B really displays his full range of talents , which are sometimes overlooked when he is merely described as a rapper .
A rapper with great vocals and the ability to play the guitar is a combination that is genuinely refreshing to see .
B.o.B – Nothin’ On You ( Live Lounge Version )
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
B.o.B – Kids ( MGMT Cover @ BBC Radio 1 ’s Live Lounge )
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
The BBC has announced a new series of Doctor Who Adventure games .
How does this fit in with where video game and TV technology are heading ?
The BBC has announced that it 'll be releasing four Doctor Who Adventure Games to tie in with the latest series of the hit sci - fi show .
Mac and PC owners will be able to download each episode from the Doctor Who website , starting in June .
Fans worried about the authenticity of the titles should be impressed by the involvement of senior Doctor Who staff .
Steven Moffat , the head writer and executive producer on the show will also be one of the executive producers on the games , and they 'll be scripted by Phil Ford ( co- writer of the Waters of Mars episode ) and James Moran ( Severance , Torchwood Children of Earth ) .
Plus , Matt Smith and Karen Gillan have provided full voice - overs , as have other members of the cast .
The games will be developed by Sumo Digital , the Sheffield - based studio behind the likes of Outrun 2006 and F1 2009 .
Hmm , a Doctor
Who racing game , then ?
Do n't be silly .
Charles Cecil the founder of Revolution Software is also onboard as a producer .
He created the excellent Broken Sword series of twisty , engrossing adventure games , suggesting the Doctor Who titles will work within a similar genre .
It also looks as though story threads will run between the TV episodes and the games , so narrative is clearly going to play a major part of the interactive editions .
As Piers Wenger , head of drama at BBC Wales put it : " There are n't 13 episodes of Doctor Who this year .
There are 17 – four of which are interactive .
Everything you see and experience within the game is part of the Doctor Who universe : we 'll be taking you to places you 've only ever dreamed about seeing – including locations impossible to create on television . "
And to further excite Timelord fanatics , the press release adds , " The exact titles of the four episodes are being kept secret for the time being , but the four original stories will take players on a journey throughout time and space , including one location from the Doctor Who series which has never been seen before on screen .
Players will encounter new and original monsters , in stories which form part of the overall Doctor Who canon . "
Of course , the BBC hinted in January that it would be looking at creating interactive content around its key brands , appointing ex-EA bigwig , Robert Nashak as EVP of digital entertainment .
Back then , however , it seemed that it would all be about the corporation 's commercial arm , BBC Worldwide , investigating the revenue - generating possibilities of games based around Dr Who , Top Gear , etc .
But the Doctor Who Adventures titles will be free .
Whatever the financial model , it 's reasonably impressive that the BBC , usually rather conservative with such technological initiatives , has leapt in to the emerging arena of cross- platform entertainment .
But it does have some catching up to do ...
The concept of movies and TV shows that cross over into the online interactive space is nothing new .
A growing range of digital media agencies and non-traditional development studios have been creating experiences like this for the last decade .
Channel 4 is hugely active in this space , and has been since running the experimental interactive show , Dubplate Drama in 2005 , which allowed viewers to vote on the outcome of each episode .
Nowadays , alongside its E4 Games site , it has a dedicated cross-platform development team that commissions interactive content to accompany its TV shows .
A key example is Misfits , the teen - orientated super hero comedy , which had a major online presence orchestrated by London developer , Six To Start .
" It was obvious to E4 that they should do something online , " says chief creative , Adrian Hon .
" It 's a young audience – the Skins audience – and a genre show .
If you want to engage with these people and get them excited , you have to do it online .
We worked with E4 to figure out the sort of community and experience that would really get people engaged , and to get fans of the show doing more stuff .
" The core of it was a website where you could get exclusive content and play games related to that week 's episode .
The element that people were really interested in was the social stuff where we tweeted as the characters both during the show and between shows .
Simon had a Facebook feed where he put up content – it was the first time a UK broadcaster had done that . "
Channel 4 Education is also a major experimenter with interactive content .
Commissioning editor , Alice Taylor , has overseen a range of fascinating projects , including the cautionary social networking adventure , Smokescreen – also by Six to Start – which has just won the Best Game award at the SXSW festival .
Right now Brighton - based digital entertainment studio , Littleloud , is filming a new interactive drama for the channel entitled The Curfew – written by games journalist Kieron Gillen .
It 's a genre that goes back to the groundbreaking YouTube ' reality ' show , LonelyGirl15 as well as Bebo's Kate Modern and Sofia 's Diary series ' , which placed linear narratives within the conventions of social networking and content sharing sites .
And in the US , there 's iCarly , a TV show in which a schoolgirl sets up her own web TV series .
The accompanying website is filled with games , as well as blog posts and photos added by the characters .
But the transformation of TV shows into games , and the development of online TV - style dramas , is just the beginning .
What we 're also seeing is a move in the opposite direction – with games becoming more like television .
This is sometimes very subtle – the use of an episodic structure in " interactive dramas " like Heavy Rain and Alan Wake for example .
This is also much more obvious in episodic , digitally distributed games like Telltale 's Sam & Max and Monkey Island series ' , and the Blue Toad Murder Files from Buzz - developer , Relentless Software .
The latter is a classic murder mystery thriller in the style of those Sunday afternoon Agatha Christie shows , and it consciously uses – and mutates – narrative devices taken from the TV format .
According to producer Jade Tidy this was a complex process , " We got a few early script drafts , including one from a TV script writer and what we found out very quickly is a complicated murder mystery script might work well for TV but is n't very fun when you add interactive elements , as it becomes frustratingly difficult to follow what 's really going on in the story .
" We decided early on in development that we wanted a story arc across all the episodes ( rather than standalone episodes with no connecting storyline ) , so we outlined the plot for the whole series before concentrating on the script for each individual episode .
The fact our puzzles are quite strongly connected to the storyline has proved more difficult to work with than the episodic nature of the storyline . "
When Relentless started focus testing the game they made an interesting discovery – participants were adapting their viewing behaviours , merging the relaxation of watching TV with the attentiveness of games playing .
" The first couple we watched play the game started off very analytical – almost how someone who has n't been a tester before would imagine they should be like .
Then after about 15 mins they sat back and snuggled up to each other , just as you might with your other half watching a film !
They were very engaging to watch , the girl would mimic the characters , repeating ' MURRRDER ' or the ' dun , dun , duhhh ' music and although they were quite supportive of each other when puzzle solving , there was still a lot of competitiveness between them . "
Through experiences like these , traditional barriers between interactive and linear broadcast content are crumbling .
And in the background , the delivery platforms are changing too .
A growing number of TV sets now come with internet connectivity ( Samsung 's Internet@TV range , for example , which even have their own app store ) , while more and more people are using services like iPlayer to watch traditional TV on the net .
Indeed , viewers are now creating their own converged entertainment experiences by texting , messaging and tweeting during shows – and this is something TV companies are keen to tap into ; " social viewing " is an emerging field , a means of employing audience chatter into the very makeup of the show .
In 2008 , for example , MTV in the US realised that around 40 % of 20 - year - olds were using the internet while watching television , and so launched Backchannel – a sort of competitive Twitter service , designed to run alongside its teen soap , The Hills .
Developed by New York agency Area / Code it allowed viewers to make snarky comments about characters – the funnier the remark , the more points they scored .
" Audiences are in the most part happy to use TV as a mild anaesthetic , but there are a growing number of people who have their laptops open at the same time as watching TV , " says Rik Lander , founder of cross - platform development company , You Are Here .
" These people are not simply seeking to turn their brains off with TV and we believe they should be served by TV offering them participation . "
Lander is veteran of the web drama genre , having worked on several examples , including the BBC 's 2006 interactive soap , Wannabes .
He runs a website named Vonviral , which collects and comments on web - based dramas – he also lectures on multi-platform drama at the National Film and Television School .
He uses the brain - twisting phrase 360 cross- platform pervasive transmedia to describe the burgeoning combination of TV and interactive mediums and sees a future in which interactivity becomes a staple element of familiar TV staples .
" When we watch TV we are passive , when we use internet enabled devices we are active – sending messages , bidding in auctions , buying things .
[ Last year ]
We used funding from Media Sandbox to devise formats for TV shows where audiences could have a massive impact on the outcome of the show through familiar forms of interaction .
We tested several types of formats .
A quiz show where studio contestants can buy answers from the audience .
An impro game where five actors are directed by the TV audience to create a drama over 25 minutes .
A reality show and a panel show . "
The latter , named Viral Spiral , is apparently with production company Leopard films who are presenting it to broadcasters .
In the very near future , Hon suspects the concepts of social viewing , interactivity and web functionality will all align to create fully synchronized multimedia assaults .
" If I was the BBC I 'd think it was really smart to start doing enhanced iPlayer shows , so you have your window showing video from the programme , then you 've got other stuff going on around it .
" The big problem is keeping up with all this .
Imagine if you 're watching Lost and you have to keep up with one guy 's Facebook and someone else 's twitter feed – it's too much of an effort .
It needs to be , push one button and it happens .
I would n't be surprised if something like that came out of the US soon , something for young adults like MTV or Nickleodean .
That would be a smart move – something truly , truly cross-media … "
So a game based on the series is a good beginning for the Doctor , but what he really needs is a converged , pervasive social transmedia experience - and he 'll need more than a ( obligatory Doctor Who reference coming up ) sonic screwdriver to build one of those ...
The British conservation group Born Free has joined the outcry against a plan by Zimbabwe to ship a “ Noah ’s Ark ” of wildlife , including two young elephants , to North Korea .
News reports last week said the animals , reportedly two of every species in Zimbabwe ’s 14,600 square kilometer Hwange National Park , are to be a gift from Zimbawean President Robert Mugabe to his North Korean counterpart , Kim Jong Il .
“ We can see no conservation benefit to these plans , and are concerned about the substantial threat to the welfare of the individual animals involved , ” Born Free said in a statement on its website .
The group said the 18 - month - old elephants are unlikely to fare well during the approximate 7,000 mile trip and afterward when they get to North Korea .
“ Baby elephants normally continue to suckle from their mothers for 4 years , so removal at this young age could have a severe physical impact in terms of nutrition , immunity and other developmental issues .
It is also certain to have a huge impact on the emotional and social development of the young animals , ” the group ’s statement said .
Other animals to be included in the transfer include black and white rhinos , cheetahs , lions , leopards , giraffes and zebras , according to news reports .
Johnny Rodrigues , head of the Zimbabwe Conservation Task Force , said teams of trappers are working in the Hwange park around the clock to fulfill the Mugabe order , according to a report in The Zimbabwean newspaper .
He said his group was trying to enlist international influence to block the transfer .
North Korea ’s zoos do not meet international standards , he said .
Born Free agreed .
“ Our fear is that the facilities in North Korea would fall far short of even the most basic requirements for the physical and psychological well - being of the animals , ” the organization said .
But according to a report from The Standard newspaper in Zimbabwe , the country ’s parks chief , Vitalis Chadenga , said Zimbabwe is sending experts to North Korea to be sure the animals are properly cared for .
Billion - dollar acquisitions are risky gambits that all too often do n't pay off .
EBay Inc.'s $ 1.5 billion purchase of PayPal in 2002 was not one of those cases .
On the contrary , the deal is looking smarter and smarter every quarter .
PayPal is the uncontested leader in online payments , with 84 million active customers in 190 markets using 24 currencies .
In the first three months of the year , its revenue rose 26 percent over the prior year to $ 809.3 million , 37 percent of the company 's total revenue .
By comparison , eBay 's marketplaces posted $ 1.4 billion in revenue , a gain of only 13 percent .
After those results were announced , PayPal President Scott Thompson answered three questions from The Chronicle about the division 's growth , role within eBay and looming competitive challenges .
Q:PayPal 's mobile payments were nearly as high in the first quarter as they were for all of 2009 , according to eBay 's earnings announcement last month .
What does that say about the shift in consumer shopping patterns ?
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
A : Consumers are clearly adopting mobile as a legitimate channel for shopping and payments .
From PayPal 's perspective , consumers are spot on - the future of money is mobile .
The wallet people carry in their pockets or purses today will be available virtually anytime and anywhere on many different devices - and mobile devices will be just one way consumers will use to access it .
Q:PayPal has been the fastest - growing segment of eBay for several quarters , representing nearly 37 percent of revenue in the latest .
Is eBay morphing from an e-commerce business into a payment business ?
A : No. EBay has two core businesses : marketplaces and payments .
With that said , PayPal 's growth has been astounding and is a vital part of the entire company 's success .
We 're committed to the success of all of eBay 's segments and look forward to continued growth in all the company 's business units .
Q: I realize PayPal does n't talk about specific competitors , but a number of credit card companies have made recent acquisitions and announcements in the online payment space .
Can you tell me in a general sense how PayPal is working to ensure its lead in the sector ?
A : While we can't comment on what other companies are doing , what I can tell you is that innovation is in the very DNA of PayPal .
In just the last six months , we 've announced a whole new way for developers to innovate with PayPal X ( which allows outside developers to create applications for PayPal ) ; partnerships with leading global companies such as China Union Pay , Facebook and IBM ; and a whole new way for consumers to pay from their iPhones .
This is building on PayPal 's capabilities that are unmatched in the industry .
While the iPad is probably a wonderful tool to do very cool things , like most technology it wo n’t work when it ’s forced upon an audience .
However , that ’s obviously a lesson many have n’t learned yet since this same thing happens again and again with each new technology out the door .
Female Professor does seem to be enjoying it a lot , though .
How I Keep My Buffer Account 100 % Filled With Great Content
Like you , I ’m always looking for ways to save time posting quality content to my social media channels .
So when I discovered Buffer , I thought all my problems were solved .
Just fill up the queues with all the content I wanted to run for the next week , set the schedule and watch it go – leaving me more time for social engagement .
But there was one thing I just could n’t get away from .
And the message came at the end of every week , loud and clear :
Archives : May 2004
Thanks for Dying
Memorial Day is supposed to honour soldiers who died in our nation ’s military adventures , just as Veterans ’
Day is supposed to honour those who survived .
Today we have the privilege of watching our rulers give earnest speeches expressing their “ gratitude ” to the victims of past policy even as they send thousands more to their deaths today .
As Dunoyer , Spencer , Molinari , and Oppenheimer have taught us , war and the state are two sides of the same phenomenon – and the only true Memorial Day will be the day of their joint funeral .
I ’ve blogged relatively little about the Iraq war lately ; outrage fatigue , I guess .
But Arthur Silber ’s blog usually does a pretty good job of analysing the current insanity .
Posted May 31st , 2004
Permalink : praxeology.net/unblog05-04.htm#16
Comment
Convention Newsflash
[ cross - posted at Liberty & Power ]
I ’ve just finished watching C - span ’s coverage of the Libertarian Party convention .
The three - way race for the top spot was the closest I ’ve seen ; most observers had been predicting a final showdown between Aaron Russo and Gary Nolan , but in a last - minute upset , Michael Badnarik squeaked through with the nomination .
( A vice - presidential candidate had not yet been chosen when C - span ’s coverage ended . )
While none of the three contenders has the glibness or the gravitas of Harry Browne , I had grown increasingly disenchanted with Russo , and Badnarik seems fine ( a bit weak on abortion – perhaps he needs to read today ’s post from Charles Johnson – but acceptable ) , so I am reasonably content with the outcome .
Badnarik for President !
Update :
Posted May 30th , 2004
Permalink : praxeology.net/unblog05-04.htm#15
Comment
Libertarianism in One Sentence
David Bergland once offered Libertarianism in One Lesson .
I would like to offer libertarianism in one sentence .
The most succinct formulation of libertarianism I can think of is this :
Other people are not your property .
To every individual in nature is given an individual property by nature not to be invaded or usurped by any .
For every one , as he is himself , so he has a self - propriety , else could he not be himself ; and of this no second may presume to deprive any of without manifest violation and affront to the very principles of nature and of the rules of equity and justice between man and man .
....
No man has power over my rights and liberties , and I over no man’s .
I may be but an individual , enjoy my self and my self - propriety and may write myself no more than my self , or presume any further ; if I do , I am an encroacher and an invader upon another man ’s right .... every man by nature being a king , priest and prophet in his own natural circuit and compass , whereof no second may partake but by deputation , commission , and free consent from him whose natural right and freedom it is .
[ A ] body of voters can not give into your charge any rights but their own ; by no possible jugglery of logic can they delegate the exercise of any function which they themselves do not control .
If any individual on earth has a right to delegate his powers to whomsoever he chooses , then every other individual has an equal right ; and if each has an equal right , then none can choose an agent for another , without that other ’s consent .
Therefore , if the power of government resides in the whole people , and out of that whole all but one elected you as their agent , you would still have no authority whatever to act for the one .
The individuals composing the minority who did not appoint you have just the same rights and powers as those composing the majority who did ; and if they prefer not to delegate them at all , then neither you , nor any one , has any authority whatever to coerce them into accepting you , or any one , as their agent ....
Posted May 29th , 2004
Permalink : praxeology.net/unblog05-04.htm#14
Comment
Towards Standards of Criticism
It is often said that a purely aesthetic or critical appraisal of a work of art should in no way turn on an evaluation of the artist ’s ideas , values , and commitments , but should take into account only the artist ’s success in embodying those ideas , values , and commitments , whatever they may happen to be , in artistic form .
Even Rand , in The Romantic Manifesto , endorses what we may call the Neutrality Rule :
The fact that one agrees or disagrees with an artist ’s philosophy is irrelevant to an esthetic appraisal of his work qua art .
One does not have to agree with an artist ( nor even to enjoy him ) in order to evaluate his work .
In essence , an objective evaluation requires that one identify the artist ’s theme , the abstract meaning of his work ( exclusively by identifying the evidence contained in the work and allowing no other , outside considerations ) , then evaluate the means by which he conveys it – i.e. , taking his theme as criterion , evaluate the purely esthetic elements of the work , the technical mastery ( or lack of it ) with which he projects ( or fails to project ) his view of life .
Posted May 28th , 2004
Permalink : praxeology.net/unblog05-04.htm#13
Comment
Fogbound
[ cross - posted at Liberty & Power ]
The latest issue ( Summer 2004 ) of the Laissez Faire Books catalogue carries , on p. 46 , a condensed version of my article “ Roads to Fascism : Sixty Years Later . ”
For the complete version , see here or here .
Lew Rockwell reminds us that while attention focuses on the Iraqi prisoners mistreated at Abu Ghraib , the thousands of Iraqi civilians slaughtered by U. S. troops pass unremarked in the press .
I ’m off to London tomorrow – back in a week !
Posted May 17th , 2004
Permalink : praxeology.net/unblog05-04.htm#12
Comment
The Thin Blue Line
... that protects us from linguistic anarchy :
Maria Cobarrubias ... has built her general store into a profitable fixture in the Atlanta suburb of Norcross by catering to a growing Hispanic community ....
Cobarrubias was stunned to receive a visit recently from the local marshal , who fined her for having a sign with the store ’s name – Supermercado Jalisco – in Spanish .
Supermercado is the Spanish word for supermarket , and Jalisco is the Mexican state where Cobarrubias was born .
...
Sgt. H. Smith , the Norcross marshal , said he has also issued citations to several Korean churches and an “ Oriental beauty shop . ”
Some Spanish words are “ acceptable , ” he said , while others , such as “ supermercado , ” must be changed .
“ The ‘ super ’ is English .
But I do n’t know what ‘ mercado ’ means , ” he said .
“ If an American was out there driving by , he would n’t know what that was . ”
– Washington Post , 6 February 1999
Posted May 17th , 2004
Permalink : praxeology.net/unblog05-04.htm#11
Comment
The Hoppriori Argument
In a number of publications ( see his website ) , Hans - Hermann Hoppe has argued that the denial of libertarian self - ownership involves a performative contradiction .
( A performative contradiction occurs whenever the act of asserting a proposition is incompatible with the truth , or justification , or both , of what is asserted ; an example is the statement “ Nothing is ever asserted . ” )
Hoppe ’s argument seems to inspire two principal sorts of reactions .
Some find it an ironclad demonstration of the truth of libertarianism .
Others find it a crazy , hopeless argumentative strategy that could never have had any chance of working .
My own response falls into neither category .
I do n’t think there ’s any reason to reject out of hand the kind of argument that Hoppe tries to give ; on the contrary , the idea that there might be some deep connection between libertarian rights and the requirements of rational discourse is one I find attractive and eminently plausible .
( See my articles “ Aristotle ’s Conception of Freedom ” ( Review of Metaphysics 49 ( June 1996 ) , pp. 775-802 ) , and “ The Irrelevance of Responsibility ” ( Social Philosophy and Policy 16 , no. 2 ( Summer 1999 ) , pp. 118-145 ) . )
But I am not convinced that the specific argument Hoppe gives us is successful .
Hoppe offers a number of different formulations of his argument ; here is a condensed reconstruction of the argument as I understand it :
1 . No position is rationally defensible unless it can be justified by argument .
2 . No position can be justified by argument if it denies one or more of the preconditions of interpersonal argumentative exchange .
3 . Interpersonal argumentative exchange requires that each participant in the exchange enjoy exclusive control over her own body .
4 . To deny the right of self - ownership is to deny exclusive control over one ’s own body .
5 . Therefore , the denial of the right of self - ownership is rationally indefensible .
Posted May 15th , 2004
Permalink : praxeology.net/unblog05-04.htm#10
Comment
Faith of the Heart
What do the writers of Star Trek : Enterprise have against Vulcans ?
The Vulcans used to be the coolest denizens of the Star Trek universe : aliens who , like the ancient Stoics , repressed their emotions in the name of an all - consuming devotion to rationality and logic .
From an Aristotelean perspective , the notion that a commitment to reason involves the repression of emotion is of course a mistaken one ; but there are worse mistakes one can make , and this one has at least a certain dignity and nobility .
And that is indeed how Star Trek has always portrayed the Vulcan lifestyle : as admirable and noble , though tragically mistaken .
But the portrayal of Vulcans has taken a troubling turn on the latest Star Trek series .
Vulcan repression of emotion is now presented less as a means to clarity of understanding and purpose , than as a mere response to psychological insecurity .
The emphasis is all on repression and hardly at all on logic .
Indeed , the Vulcans on Star Trek : Enterprise are represented as dogmatically refusing to acknowledge overwhelming evidence ( e.g. , of time travel ) and as practising unjust discrimination against their own telepathic minority .
On previous shows the Vulcans could often be arrogant and inflexible – but their conclusions were at least based on rational argument .
The Vulcans also used to be scientifically curious , celebrating “ infinite diversity in infinite combinations ” ; remember how Spock found everything “ fascinating ” ?
On the current show , however , the Vulcans display little curiosity , instead condemning the exploration of the unknown as risky and imprudent .
One might say in the show ’s defense that Enterprise takes place about a century earlier than the original Star Trek ; perhaps Vulcan society was ( will be ? ) less advanced in that era .
But that ’s not a very plausible response ; Vulcans have supposedly been following the Way of Surak more or less unchanged for centuries .
I think it ’s more likely that the Vulcan ideal simply does n’t resonate at all with the current show ’s writers .
This , after all , is the show whose theme song runs :
I ’ve got faith of the heart
I ’m going where my heart will take me
I ’ve got faith to believe
I can do anything
I ’ve got strength of the soul
no one ’s gonna bend or break me
I can reach any star
I ’ve got faith
I ’ve got faith
faith of the heart
Posted May 14th , 2004
Permalink : praxeology.net/unblog05-04.htm#09
Comment
Are We All Consequentialists Now ?
[ cross - posted at Liberty & Power ]
The current ( June 2004 ) issue of Reason magazine carries the following letter to the editor .
( I ’ve restored my original formatting , plus a section – marked in brackets – that Reason deleted for space . )
To the Editor :
In “ Coercion vs. Consent ” ( March ) , Randy Barnett writes that “ there are very few libertarians today for whom consequences are not ultimately the reason why they believe in liberty , ” while Richard Epstein cheerfully agrees that libertarians are “ all consequentialists now . ”
Fortunately , it is not true that we libertarians are all consequentialists now .
I say “ fortunately , ” because consequentialism is philosophically indefensible as a normative theory .
The basic problem with consequentialism is that it recognizes no limit in principle on what can be done to people in order to promote good consequences .
Now consequentialists insist that in the vast majority of cases , killing , torturing , or enslaving innocent people is not the best way to get good results .
And of course they are right about that .
But by the logic of their position the consistent consequentialist ( happily a rara avis ) must always be open to the possibility that killing , torturing , or enslaving the innocent might be called for under special circumstances , and this recognition necessarily taints the character of even one ’s ordinary relations to other people .
[ If the only reason I do not steal is that I ’m afraid of being caught , then how am I morally superior to the thief ?
Likewise , if the only reason I do n’t slaughter my neighbors is that doing so happens not to maximize social utility at the moment , then how am I morally superior to a mass murderer ? ]
As Immanuel Kant pointed out more than two centuries ago , to subordinate – or even to be prepared to subordinate – one ’s fellow human beings to some end they do not share is to treat them as slaves , thereby denying both their inherent dignity and one ’s own .
Many consequentialists will say that they too can accommodate ironclad prohibitions on certain actions , on the grounds that utility will be maximized in the long run if people internalize such prohibitions .
This is true , but it misses the point .
Once one has internalized an ironclad prohibition , one is by definition no longer a consequentialist .
One cannot treat certain values as absolute in practice and still meaningfully deny their absoluteness in theory ; a belief that is not allowed to influence one 's actions is no real belief .
Most consequentialists are morally superior to their theory and , thankfully , pay it only lip service .
David Friedman is quite right to point out , in the same issue , that “ concepts such as rights , property , and coercion ” are complicated and not always susceptible to clear and easy rules .
But this is not an argument for making consequences the sole test of right action .
What it does mean is that non-consequentialist moral considerations establish only certain broad parameters , leaving it to consequences , custom , and context to make them more specific .
The parameters are not infinitely broad , however ; and I do not see how they could be broad enough to license one group of people , called the government , to reassign title to the fruits of another group 's labor at the first group ’s sole discretion .
Hence even if taxation and eminent domain had good results – which in the long term they rarely do – they would stand condemned on non-consequentialist grounds as slavery and plunder .
Roderick T. Long
Department of Philosophy
Auburn University
Auburn AL
Posted May 10th , 2004
Permalink : praxeology.net/unblog05-04.htm#08
Comment
Tolle , Lege
This list of books has been circulating through the blogosphere .
I do n’t know who compiled it , but one is supposed to post it with the titles of books one has read in boldface .
Since I always comply with posted signs and placards , here ’s my list :
Beowulf
Achebe , Chinua - Things Fall Apart
Agee , James - A Death in the Family
Austen , Jane - Pride and Prejudice
Baldwin , James - Go Tell
It on the Mountain
Beckett , Samuel - Waiting for Godot
Bellow , Saul - The Adventures of Augie March
Brontë , Charlotte - Jane Eyre
Brontë , Emily - Wuthering Heights
Camus , Albert - The Stranger
Cather , Willa - Death Comes for the Archbishop
Chaucer , Geoffrey - The Canterbury Tales
Chekhov , Anton - The Cherry Orchard
Chopin , Kate - The Awakening
Conrad , Joseph - Heart of Darkness
Cooper , James Fenimore - The Last of the Mohicans
Crane , Stephen - The Red Badge of Courage
Dante - Inferno
de Cervantes , Miguel - Don Quixote
Defoe , Daniel - Robinson Crusoe
Dickens , Charles - A Tale of Two Cities
Dostoyevsky , Fyodor - Crime and Punishment
Douglass , Frederick - Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass
Dreiser , Theodore - An American Tragedy
Dumas , Alexandre - The Three Musketeers
Eliot , George - The Mill on the Floss
Ellison , Ralph - Invisible Man
Emerson , Ralph Waldo - Selected Essays
Faulkner , William - As I Lay Dying
Faulkner , William - The Sound and the Fury
Fielding , Henry - Tom Jones
Fitzgerald , F. Scott - The Great Gatsby
Flaubert , Gustave - Madame Bovary
Ford , Ford Madox - The Good Soldier
Goethe , Johann Wolfgang von - Faust
Golding , William - Lord of the Flies
Hardy , Thomas - Tess of the d’Urbervilles
Hawthorne , Nathaniel - The Scarlet Letter
Heller , Joseph - Catch 22
Hemingway , Ernest - A Farewell to Arms
Homer - The Iliad
Homer - The Odyssey
Hugo , Victor - The Hunchback of Notre Dame
Hurston , Zora Neale - Their Eyes Were Watching God
Huxley , Aldous - Brave New World
Ibsen , Henrik - A Doll ’s House
James , Henry - The Portrait of a Lady
James , Henry - The Turn of the Screw
Joyce , James - A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man
Kafka , Franz - The Metamorphosis
Kingston , Maxine Hong - The Woman Warrior
Lee , Harper - To Kill a Mockingbird
Lewis , Sinclair - Babbitt
London , Jack - The Call of the Wild
Mann , Thomas - The Magic Mountain
Marquez , Gabriel García - One Hundred Years of Solitude
Melville , Herman - Bartleby the Scrivener
Melville , Herman - Moby Dick
Miller , Arthur - The Crucible
Morrison , Toni - Beloved
O’Connor , Flannery - A Good Man is Hard to Find
O’Neill , Eugene - Long Day ’s Journey into Night
Orwell , George - Animal Farm
Pasternak , Boris - Doctor Zhivago
Plath , Sylvia - The Bell Jar
Poe , Edgar Allan - Selected Tales
Proust , Marcel - Swann ’s Way
Pynchon , Thomas - The Crying of Lot 49
Remarque , Erich Maria - All Quiet on the Western Front
Rostand , Edmond - Cyrano de Bergerac
Roth , Henry - Call It Sleep
Salinger , J.D. - The Catcher in the Rye
Shakespeare , William - Hamlet
Shakespeare , William - Macbeth
Shakespeare , William - A Midsummer Night ’s Dream
Shakespeare , William - Romeo and Juliet
Shaw , George Bernard - Pygmalion
Shelley , Mary - Frankenstein
Silko , Leslie Marmon - Ceremony
Solzhenitsyn , Alexander - One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich
Sophocles - Antigone
Sophocles - Oedipus Rex
Steinbeck , John - The Grapes of Wrath
Stevenson , Robert Louis - Treasure Island
Stowe , Harriet Beecher - Uncle Tom ’s Cabin
Swift , Jonathan – Gulliver ’s Travels
Thackeray , William - Vanity Fair
Thoreau , Henry David - Walden
Tolstoy , Leo - War and Peace
Turgenev , Ivan - Fathers and Sons
Twain , Mark - The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn
Voltaire - Candide
Vonnegut , Kurt Jr. - Slaughterhouse - Five
Walker , Alice - The Color Purple
Wharton , Edith - The House of Mirth
Welty , Eudora - Collected Stories
Whitman , Walt - Leaves of Grass
Wilde , Oscar - The Picture of Dorian Gray
Williams , Tennessee - The Glass Menagerie
Woolf , Virginia - To the Lighthouse
Wright , Richard - Native Son
Those I feel impelled , mostly by inclination , to read eventually : The Last of the Mohicans , The Red Badge of Courage , Don Quixote , The Great Gatsby , Madame Bovary , Tess of the d’Urbervilles , Their Eyes Were Watching God , The Portrait of a Lady , The Magic Mountain , One Hundred Years of Solitude , War and Peace .
Those I feel impelled , mostly by duty , to read eventually : As I Lay Dying , The Sound and the Fury , Tom Jones , The Good Soldier , Catch 22 , A Farewell to Arms , To Kill a Mockingbird , Beloved , All Quiet on the Western Front , The Catcher in the Rye , Uncle Tom ’s Cabin , Slaughterhouse - Five , Native Son .
Those I do not feel particularly compelled ever to read : A Death in the Family , Go Tell
It on the Mountain , The Adventures of Augie March , An American Tragedy , Long Day ’s Journey into Night , Doctor Zhivago [ though I loved the movie ] , The Bell Jar , The Crying of Lot 49 , Call It Sleep , The Color Purple .
Those I never heard of before this list : The Woman Warrior , Ceremony .
Posted May 8th , 2004
Permalink : praxeology.net/unblog05-04.htm#07
Comment
Let ’s Do the Time Warp Again
Guess who ’s to blame for the mistreatment of Iraqi prisoners in Abu Ghraib .
Would you believe – feminists and gays ?
Yep , George Neumayr of The American Spectator explains it all for us .
An evil lesbian force field , generated at the March for Women ’s Lives in DC last month , traveled backwards in time and apparently hit Abu Ghraib prison like Frank N. Furter ’s sonic transducer on a Saturday night .
I am not making this up .
Oddly enough , it also turns out , apparently , that the same evil lesbian force field has long been in charge of the Texas prison system .
I look forward to Neumayr ’s explanation of this curious turn of events .
But like the man said : it ’s astounding ; time is fleeting ; madness takes its toll ....
Posted May 8th , 2004
Permalink : praxeology.net/unblog05-04.htm#06
Comment
No War , No State , No War Between the States
The following letter appeared in this morning ’s Opelika - Auburn News :
To the Editor :
Proponents of the Union often seem to think the Civil War was almost entirely about slavery , while proponents of the Confederacy often seem to think it had almost nothing to do with slavery .
I highly recommend to both sides historian Jeffrey Rogers Hummel ’s book Emancipating Slaves , Enslaving Free Men .
He makes a persuasive case for what is , alas , the interpretation least flattering to both sides : the desire to extend the institution of slavery to the western territories was one of the South 's chief reasons for seceding , while antislavery sentiment was not at all central to the North 's reasons for trying to prevent secession .
Both sides were fond of quoting the Declaration of Independence – yet hypocritically so .
The South claimed the right to secede from the Union , but denied slaves the right to secede from their masters .
Abraham Lincoln for his part declared that he would hold the Southern states in the Union by force even if slavery were abolished .
Neither position can be squared with the Declaration ’s emphasis on the “ consent of the governed . ”
There certainly were people with admirable motives on both sides of the Civil War – but for the most part such folks were exploited by , rather than influential on , their respective political leaderships .
It ’s time we stopped romanticising a bloody conflict that was waged for largely ignoble reasons on both sides .
“ Lost Cause , ” “ Won Cause ” – either way , an unjust cause .
Roderick T. Long
Posted May 8th , 2004
Permalink : praxeology.net/unblog05-04.htm#05
Comment
No Thinking , Please
Just caught a clip on MSNBC of Guy Womack , attorney for one of the soldiers accused of mistreating prisoners in Iraq .
He was giving the usual “ just following orders ” defense ; when interviewer Deborah Norville raised the question of the Nuremberg Trials , he answered : “ We do n’t want soldiers in war to debate philosophical issues . ”
Maybe we should start wanting that ?
A good start would be to give each new recruit a copy of Stanley Milgram ’s Obedience to Authority .
Posted May 4th , 2004
Permalink : praxeology.net/unblog05-04.htm#04
Comment
Separate But Equal ?
In those days ... men were real men , women were real women , and
small furry creatures from Alpha Centauri were real small furry creatures from Alpha Centauri .
– Hitchhiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy
Posted May 3rd , 2004
Permalink : praxeology.net/unblog05-04.htm#03
Comment
Anti-Feminism Is Anti-Liberty
Brad Edmonds has followed up his column on Real Men vs. Progressive Men ( see my reply here ) with a sequel , Real Women vs. Feminist Women .
I wo n’t go through his new list point by point , because , well , ugh .
But I ca n’t resist responding to the accompanying commentary .
Edmonds expresses surprise that his first column was attacked for expressing “ disrespect for women , ” since he had “ said nothing at all about women . ”
Now , c’mon .
When someone writes that “ real men ” prefer one - career families to two - career families , and attacks day care to boot , it ’s pretty obvious that he is defending traditional gender roles .
This time around he tells us :
Notice I included armpits and legs for women , but did not mention body parts for men .
…
Women are supposed to be pretty , and just about all of them can be if they want .
Men are supposed to be strong , and just about all of them can be if they want .
Posted May 3rd , 2004
Permalink : praxeology.net/unblog05-04.htm#02
Comment
Finding the Brake
In his 1815 Principles of Politics , French liberal author Benjamin Constant defended the monarch ’s “ right to dissolve representative assemblies . ”
Constant ’s position might seem surprising .
Was n’t securing the independence of parliaments from the royal will one of liberalism ’s hard - won victories ?
His reasoning ran as follows .
The “ tendency of assemblies to multiply indefinitely the number of laws ” is the inevitable result of “ two natural inclinations in the legislators , the need to act , and the pleasure of believing themselves necessary . ”
Hence it is only to be expected that legislators should “ share out amongst themselves human existence , by right of conquest , in the same way as Alexander ’s generals shared out the world . ”
The function of the monarch is to serve as a check against this tendency .
This is why the political executive is customarily entrusted with the power of vetoing legislation ; but , Constant maintains , the veto is not enough :
The veto is precisely a direct means of repressing the indiscreet activity of representative assemblies but , when employed too often , it irritates without disarming them .
Thus dissolution is the only remedy whose effectiveness is assured .
It is not the troops on horseback , it is not the companies afoot , it is not arms that defend the tyrant .
This does not seem credible on first thought , but it is nevertheless true that there are only four or five who maintain the dictator , four or five who keep the country in bondage to him .
Five or six have always had access to his ear , and have either gone to him of their own accord , or else have been summoned by him , to be accomplices in his cruelties , companions in his pleausres , panders to his lusts , and sharers in his plunders .
These six manage their chief so successfully that he comes to be held accountable not only for his own misdeeds but even for theirs .
The six have six hundred who profit under them , and with the six hundred they do what they have accomplished with their tyrant .
The six hundred maintain under them six thousand , whom they promote in rank , upon whom they confer the government of provinces or the direction of finances , in order that they may serve as instruments of avarice and cruelty , executing orders at the proper time and working such havoc all around that they could not last except under the shadow of the six hundred , nor be exempt from law and punishment except through their influence .
...
And whoever is pleased to unwind the skein will observe that not the six thousand but a hundred thousand , and even millions , cling to the tyrant by this cord to which they are tied .
The property of mass is inertia .
In politics , inertia is the veto .
A function or factor can only be found where it is .
No plan or edict can establish it where it is not .
... [ In the Roman Republic ] the tribunes of the people [ were ] invested with the formal veto power .
...
At one time , the tribunes of the people ‘ stopped the whole machine of government ’ for a number of years , refusing to approve and thus permit any act of government whatever ... until their grievances were redressed .
They were able to do so because the power they exercised did inhere in the body they represented .
It was there .
If the people will not move the government cannot act .
Though laws are passed and orders given , if mass inertia is found opposed , the laws and orders will not be carried out .
... [ T ]he function of mass , which is taken for granted by mechanical engineers , and usually ignored by political theorists , was understood by the Romans .
They used it where it belongs for stability , by attaching to it directly that part of the mechanism proper to the factor of inertia , the device to ‘ cut ’ the motor when necessary .
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers By Er-ca Watch
57 Favourites 19 Comments 6 K Views
Go , go Power Rangers !
So anyways , this is it ( My Super Amzing Power Rangers cake ) !
I made this for my friend who just turned 20 and happens to love Power Rangers .
Definitely the hardest cake I 've ever decorated .
It took me about 2 or 3 tries to get the fondant on it and then cutting out all the shapes just right took forever to do !
I would n't say its the best cake I 've ever made , but its one of my favorite cakes I 've ever made .
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 416x382px 87.54 KB
Make EASTMAN KODAK COMPANY Model KODAK EASYSHARE M863 DIGITAL CAMERA Shutter Speed 1/58 second Aperture F/ 2.8 Focal Length 6 mm ISO Speed 200 Date Taken Dec 18 , 2007 , 10:40:20 AM
Show More
I decided to do a QR Code 4 koma .
For those of you that may not know , a QR Code is like a very complex bar code that can contain whole URLs or chunks of text .
And in Japan QR Codes are .
It 's like the bridge between print and web .
If something is printed there 's a 99.9 % chance it has QR Code on it .
And if you have a mobile phone , odds are you can take a snapshot of a QR Code and decode what it says .
So if you have a smart phone , either download or use the built in QR Code decoder and see what this 4 koma 's QR Code decodes to .
I loved the colors in this 4 koma so much that I created a brand new color palette for this accompanying post .
Not sure if I will ever use this color scheme again , but if I do there 's a theme to go with it .
Many CEOs are doubtful their enterprises can handle a volatile , increasingly complex business environment , according to an IBM survey being revealed on Tuesday .
The biennial IBM Global CEO Study was conducted late last year and early this year and featured interviews with 1,541 CEOs , general managers , and senior public sector leaders from 60 countries and 33 industries worldwide .
Eight in 10 CEOs , the survey found , expect their environment to grow more complex , while only 49 percent believe their organizations are equipped to deal with it , IBM said .
This factor represented the largest leadership challenge identified in eight years of research , IBM said .
[ Get expert networking how - to advice from InfoWorld 's Networking Deep Dive PDF special report .
|
Keep up on the latest networking news with our Technology : Networking newsletter . ]
" Less than half feel prepared for the complexity ahead , " said Ragna Bell , a partner in the IBM Strategy & Change Consulting group .
Successfully navigating an increasingly complex world will require creativity , IBM said .
Overall , the expected impact of technology on organizations has risen from sixth place to second place in the last four studies .
The survey also found that in North America , CEOs are more wary of " big government " than elsewhere .
This follows on the heels of governments becoming major stakeholders in private enterprises after the recent financial crisis .
Some 87 percent of CEOs surveyed in North America anticipate greater government intervention and regulation in the next five years , thus compounding a sense of uncertainty .
North American executives demonstrated " a very strong sense that increased government is impacting their environment , " Bell said .
But the executives were not queried about whether they thought more government was good or bad .
" We did not ask them for value judgments , " she said .
Complexity of an interconnected world is exacerbated by different factors , IBM said .
Seventy percent of CEOs in the study said they have to double revenue from new sources in the next five years , while 65 percent foresee a shift of economic power to rapidly developing markets .
In other findings :
Top - performing organizations are 54 percent more likely than others to make quick decisions and predict outcomes
Ninety - five percent of top - performing organizations cited getting closer to customers as their most important strategic initiative for the next five years , using Web , interactive , and social media channels to rethink engagements with customers and citizens
Having proven more resilient than developed nations during the economic downtown , CEOs in China are less concerned about volatility than CEOs in other regions
Executives were not asked about technological preferences .
This article , " IBM survey : CEOs say they can't handle growing complexity , " was originally published at InfoWorld.com .
Follow the latest developments in business technology news and get a digest of the key stories each day in the InfoWorld Daily newsletter and on your mobile device at infoworldmobile.com .
Open Studios are a wonderful opportunity for the public to meet local artists , see their artwork , learn about their creative processes , purchase work and perhaps even commission new work .
The inaugural Watertown and Belmont Open Studios has been organized by a committee comprised of artists from both communities , working in collaboration with representatives of the Arsenal Center for the Arts and the Belmont Gallery of Art.
Please join us by participating in art events associated with the First Annual Watertown and Belmont Open Studios .
Watertown / Belmont Open Studios , April 24 - 25 , 11 am - 6pm
Exhibiting artists at the following venues :
Arsenal Center for the Arts
321 Arsenal St , Watertown , MA
http://www.arsenalarts.org/
Belmont Gallery of Art
Town Hall Complex , Homer Municipal Building
19 Moore St , 3rd floor , Belmont , MA
http://www.belmontgallery.org/
Turtle Studios
268 Arlington Street , Watertown MA
http://www.turtlestudios.org/
Ningyo Editions Print Studio
81 Sprint Street , Watertown , MA
http://ningyoeditions.com/
Private studios & residences
View Maps of all locations :
Watertown jpeg | pdf
Belmont jpeg | pdf
************************
Ongoing Exhibitions related to Open Studios :
Arsenal Group Exhibition
The Arsenal Center for the Arts
321 Arsenal Street , Watertown , MA
– Ongoing from April 15 - May 28 , 2010 .
Gallery hours , Tuesday - Sunday from 12 - 6 pm .
Belmont Group Exhibition
The Belmont Gallery of Art
Town Hall Complex , Homer Municipal Building
19 Moore St , 3rd floor , Belmont , MA
– Ongoing from April 1 - April 30 , 2010 .
Gallery hours , Thursday 10 am - 4 pm , Friday 10 am - 4 pm & 6 - 9 pm , and Sunday 1 - 4 pm .
Alpha Kit .
Get Alpha Access PLUS a super limited edition kit with all the parts to make a laser cutter from motors , frame , and laser !
This will dramatically reduce the complexity of sourcing all the parts .
We even might have a challenge who can first encrave their name into a slab of marble .
Less
Just a few weeks ago we brought you the news of the unofficial Lib Dem Facebook group that was growing by 1,000 members an hour .
Now its members are enthusiastically promoting a series of flashmobs .
There ’s been one scheduled for London for some time , but I know many of us discounted going to that on the simple horror of getting to London on a bank holiday , whilst we should be shoving leaflets through letterboxes in our various provincial locations .
The prospect of a series of nationwide flashmobs , however , makes attendance just a little easier , no ?
Here ’s the details from a thread in the facebook group :
Vicky Blake
There is a growing number of Flashmobs !!!
Please help us Tweet them and ATTEND ONE IF YOU CAN !!
It will be a great chance to do consciousness raising and talk to people who get interested , to demonstrate support on the streets , cheer people up with yellowness and to meet fellow LibDemmers !
Paxo is currently finishing off Gordy , so let ’s get out there and convince any remaining floating votes , convince wibblers that LibDems are the way to go , and help people who are on the fence between Lab / Lib and Lib / Con make an informed decision !
If you can , after the Flashmob in yourarea , get to the local LibDem HQ and help them out with leaflets , canvassing , etc !
So far there are the following Flashmobs following the same basic plan ( most are at 3 pm but I think Manchester and Deby are slightly different and Derby is being finalised ) .
Plese help the organisers of your most local one out if you possibly , possibly can !
# LibDemFlashmob LONDON Flashmob : http://tinyurl.com/35bbwao
NEWCASTLE Flashmob : http://tinyurl.com/34m9lv6
GLASGOW Flashmob : http://tinyurl.com/363k5p2
MANCHESTER Flashmob : http://tinyurl.com/39v6384 DERBY Flashmob : http://tinyurl.com/35at3b3
BRISTOL Flashmob : http://tinyurl.com/33aztyw
And now also : BIRMINGHAM Flashmob : http://tinyurl.com/32ortwb
PLEASE TWEET AND RETWEET ALL on #libdemflashmob & other libdem hashtags !
Now .
If only there were some way to channel all these enthusiastic flashmobbers into productive campaign activity … something like a minibus pressgang to shuttle the mobbers from their location to a Lib Dem HQ …
Our solar system is pretty neat and orderly .
Yeah , it has some issues , but in general we can make some broad statements about it : the planets all orbit the Sun in the same direction , for one thing , and they also orbit pretty much in the same plane .
If you look at the system from the side , the orbits would all look flat , like a DVD seen from the side .
That 's left over from the formation of the solar system itself , which happened when a cloud of dust and gas collapsed into a disk .
The planets formed from that disk , so they all orbit in roughly the same plane .
We see other systems forming in the same way , so we assume that when we look at those planets , they 'll also have all their planets in a plane .
Oops .
Maybe not so much .
Astronomers have just announced that they 've confirmed a system where the planets are not all aligned this way , and in fact the planets are titled relative to each other by as much as 30° !
Ironically , the parent star is Upsilon Andromedae -- that made me chuckle , because it was one of the very first stars found to have planets orbiting it , back in 1996 .
It 's actually a binary star , two stars orbiting each other ; one is a star slightly more massive and hotter than the Sun , and the other a dinky red dwarf orbiting pretty far out ( well outside the frame of that illustration of the system above ) .
Three planets ( called Upsilon Andromedae b , c , and d ) at least are known to orbit the primary star .
The planets were initially detected by their gravitational pull on the star ; as they orbit they move the star in a mutual tug - of - war .
We can't ( usually ) see that motion directly , but it can be detected as a Doppler shift in the star 's light .
Due to the physics of the situation , that method only gives us a minimum mass for a planet .
The actual mass might be much higher .
It also does n't tell us the tilt of the orbit of the planet , or of any of the other planets in the system .
What 's new here is that astronomers used telescopes on Hubble called the Fine Guidance Sensors , which are incredibly accurate and highly precise .
The FGSs are so accurate that they could see the physical motion of the star on the sky , the wobbling as the planets tugged on it this way and that .
Think of it like a harried parent at a mall with two little kids holding her hand .
As the kids see one store or another they want to visit , they pull on her in different directions as she walks with them , so her path down the mall corridor shifts left and right .
Combining the new Hubble data with the older Doppler data has revealed a wealth of information about the planets in that system .
For one thing , it nailed the masses .
Instead of lower limits , we now have accurate masses for planets : Ups
And c is 14 times the mass of Jupiter , and Ups And d is 10 times Jupiter 's mass * .
Mind you , Jupiter is a bit of a bruiser , so these are hefty planets .
These masses are far larger than thought before , so the new observations really changed our thinking here .
But the amazing thing is that it looks like Ups And c and d are in wildly different orbits : instead of being almost exactly in the same plane as expected , they are tilted relative to one another by 30° !
The illustration on the right compared those orbits with those of planets in our own solar system , and you can see how weird this is .
But does this mean astronomers are wrong about how planets form ?
Probably not .
We 're pretty sure we understand how planets form , at least in general terms .
What this does mean is that something happened to the planets after they formed , something that tossed one or both of these planets into different orbits than the ones they were born in .
This is n't a huge surprise .
Pluto may or may not be a planet by your definition , but it orbits the Sun at an angle of 17° with respect to the Earth .
Sedna , an object about the same size as Pluto in the outer solar system , also has a large tilt .
We know there is some mechanism that can change the orbits of big objects in the solar system , so why not in other systems , too ?
In the case of Upsilon Andromedae , we have some culprits .
The data hint that there may be a fourth planet orbiting the star .
It 's not clear if it 's there or not , but if it has an elliptical orbit it could gravitationally affect the inner planets .
There 's also the red dwarf star orbiting farther out .
Far more massive than a planet , its gravity may have some effect on the system as well .
It 's also certainly possible that there are other influences we have n't seen or thought of yet .
[ Update : I just got off the phone with the team who did this research , and Rory Barnes told me that a strong possibility as well is that there were more planets in the system initially .
They would have interacted via gravity , and affected each others ' orbits .
A likely scenario is that a planet with about ten times the mass of Jupiter could have messed up the orbits of the other two , then been ejected out of the system .
This is a common outcome when you have lots of massive objects in one system . ]
The point here is that in general , our theories of how planets form is pretty good .
As we study more of these systems , we 'll get more and more data under our belts that will help us catalog and understand where these systems follow our theories , and where they seem to diverge .
That 's all good news !
Theories only go so far in explaining everything , and as we observe more we modify those ideas , add to them , so they better represent the Universe around us .
That 's how science works , and that 's how we learn .
^* Unfortunately , Ups
And b orbits too close to its parent star to get an accurate mass for it .
That 'll have to wait for the future , with new techniques and better instruments .
Related posts :
Wrong way planets screw up our perfectly good theoriesA tiny wobble reveals a massive planet
Image credit : NASA , ESA , and A. Feild ( STScI )
Vegetarian Diet Deficiencies
Are a Proven Fact
News You Can Use
Click here to read the " Medical Disclaimer . "
New Study : Vegetarians Less Healthy , Lower Quality Of Life Than Meat - Eaters
Typical One Day Vegetarian Diet Food Name Servings Serving Size Cals Fat Carb Prot Orange juice , freshly squeezed cup fl oz Juice of 1 orange ( 2 - 5/8 " dia ) Quantity not specified 112 0 26 2 Bagel , oat bran extra large ( 4 " to 4 - 1/2 " dia ) small ( mini ) ( 2 - 1/2 " or less dia ) medium ( 2 - 3/4 " to 3 - 1/4 " dia ) large ( 3 - 1/2 " to 3 - 3/4 " dia ) Quantity not specified 227 1 47 10 Bagel , whole wheat , 100 % extra large ( 4 " to 4 - 1/2 " dia ) small ( mini ) ( 2 - 1/2 " or less dia ) medium ( 2 - 3/4 " to 3 - 1/4 " dia ) large ( 3 - 1/2 " to 3 - 3/4 " dia ) Quantity not specified 235 1 50 10 Apple juice cup fl oz drink box ( 8.45 fl oz ) Quantity not specified 117 0 29 0 Lentils , dry , cooked , NS as to fat added in cooking cup , dry , yield after cooking cup oz , dry , yield after cooking Quantity not specified 716 12 108 49 Green or yellow split peas , dry , cooked , NS as to fat added in cooking cup , dry , yield after cooking cup oz , dry , yield after cooking Quantity not specified 738 14 113 45
White potato , cooked , with sauce , NS as to sauce cup Quantity not specified 212 7 33 6 Caesar salad ( with romaine ) cup Wendy 's side salad Quantity not specified 167 14 6 5 Totals 2524 50 413 126
Calories Eaten Today grams cals % total Total : 2524 Fat : 50 448 20 % Sat : 12 112 5 % Poly : 10 89 4 % Mono : 23 210 10 % Carbs : 413 1241 57 % Fiber : 103 0 0 % Protein : 126 503 23 % Alcohol : 0 0 0 % Fat Carbs Protein Alcohol
Am I meeting my nutrient requirements ?
Fat -Soluble Vitamins Nutrient Units Intake RDA % RDA Vitamin A mcg_RE 456.65 1000 45.66 Vitamin D mcg 1.06 10 10.62 Vitamin E mg_ATE 8.34 10 83.45 Vitamin K mcg 6.1 80 7.63
Water - Soluble Vitamins Nutrient Units Intake RDA % RDA Vitamin C mg 166.02 60 276.7 Thiamin mg 3.07 1.2 255.56 Riboflavin mg 1.7 1.3 130.92 Vitamin B - 6 mg 2.12 1.7 124.97 Vitamin B -12 mcg 0.465 2.4 19.38 Niacin mg 22.36 16 139.73 Folate mcg 1645.8 400 411.44 Trace Minerals Nutrient Units Intake RDA % RDA Iron mg 33.83 10 338.32 Zinc mg 16.53 15 110.22 Selenium mcg 107.28 70 153.26 Copper mg 3.23 --- ---
Major Minerals Nutrient Units Intake RDA % RDA Calcium mg 493.01 1200 41.08 Phosphorus mg 2158.4 700 308.34 Magnesium mg 594.22 420 141.48 Sodium mg 4672.3 --- ---
Potassium mg 5966.3 --- ---
Results shown in red are deficiencies .
Analyze your diet on www.fitday.com
Vitamin Deficiencies and Vitamin Toxicities .
Analysis and Discussion of the Vegetarian Diet Shown Above .
The vegetarian diet is dangerously deficient in all fat soluble vitamins , A , D , and K , because of the low 10 to 20 % fat content and the typical vegetarian foods normally eaten .
The vitamin E content is marginal , which is surprising given the generous amount of whole grains in the typical diet above .
Vegetarian typically think they get a lot of vitamin E in the grains .
This is not the case .
Vegetarian women suffer worse deficiencies than those shown above because they may eat only half as much as the 2524 calories .
A typical vegan diet is high in grains which should contribute to higher than necessary levels of iron and phosphorus , but hair analysis proves the iron and phosphorus are not absorbed on a cellular level .
The excess iron in the digestive tract also prevents the uptake of selenium and zinc even when the intake of these minerals is near normal .
The high phytic acid intake increases the likelihood of deficiencies of chromium , vanadium , lithium , and zinc .
The RDA ( recommended daily allowance ) on the food label does n't mean much when the minerals cannot be absorbed by the body .
Whole grains cause mineral deficiencies .
Trace Elements , Inc. - Hair Analysis and Testing Customers in a health food store who are vegetarians can easily be identified .
They simply look malnourished .
Muscle tone is poor .
The arms on women and children look like sticks with skin , but the biggest giveaway is the skin tone .
They are a ghostly gray .
One glance at them reveals they are iron deficient .
They should n't bother with a blood test .
Heme iron gives the skin a pink or reddish tone .
Iron in the meat gives supermarket beef the rich red color .
The iron deficiency in a vegan can be seen by the gray skin tone .
Initial Vegetarian Euphoric Surge of Energy : People often report a awesome surge in energy and mental euphoria when they become a vegetarian .
This is true , and for good reason .
The euphoric surge is due the sudden jump in carbohydrates in the diet to about 80 % of the calories .
Fruits and vegetables are 100 % carbohydrate .
Grains and legumes have some protein and fat , but the majority of calories are from carbohydrates .
They eat soy products in an attempt to prevent a protein deficiency , but most soy products are also high in carbohydrates and low in fats .
The vegetarian diet naturally shuns protein and fats when they eliminate meat from the diet .
Meat is all protein and fats without any carbohydrates .
The outrageously high level of carbohydrates in the vegetarian diet gives a blood sugar high causing insulin and adrenal hormones to spike .
They feel awesome for a while , until they burnout the adrenal and thyroid glands .
Adrenal and Thyroid Burnout : Vegetarians eventually blow out their adrenal , thyroid , and pancreatic glands .
Adrenal exhaustion and hypothyroidism occur quickly , usually before the vegetarians reach the fifth - year anniversary of their religious diet .
The development of diabetes takes a few more years .
Vegetarians who eat more fruits and grains become sick faster than those who emphasize low - carbohydrate vegetables .
The vegetarian diet causes the balance of minerals to become abnormal as can be revealed by hair analysis .
Vegetarianism and Body Chemistry --- A Research Report based on Hair Analysis .
The iron , zinc , phosphorus , sodium , and potassium are generally low in the hair analysis of a vegetarian .
The elevated minerals are generally copper , calcium , and magnesium .
Adrenal burnout is indicated when sodium and potassium levels are both low , and the sodium - to - potassium ratio is less than 2.3/1 .
Iron deficiency in vegetarians is common because they do not get the healthy heme iron from meat .
Vegetarians attempt to correct the mineral abnormalities by taking supplements of the minerals that test low .
This approach consistently shows poor results .
The high - fiber , high - carbohydrate diet of the vegetarian continually works against a normal , healthy mineral balance .
Collapse of Little Miss Vegan College Coed : Little Miss Vegan College
Coed did n't eat much meat in high school .
Upon entering college she was finally on her own , free to finally live the " healthy lifestyle " without condemnation from her family .
At last she could become a true VEGAN - yeah !
Meat , saturated fat , cholesterol , and all animal products would be barred from her life .
She was exuberant , ecstatic , and bubbling over with her new religion -- the worship of animals and Mother Earth .
Free at last !
Little Miss Vegan College
Coed got lots of support on campus for her new lifestyle .
Her biology professor ( female ) confirmed that humans evolved from pot -bellied vegetarian apes .
She also said humans cannot digest meat , that It actually putrefies in the gut after many days , where it causes heart disease and cancer .
She had more books in the campus library about her new vegan lifestyle than she could ever read , in addition to hundreds of Internet websites .
Her on - campus vegan support group was a big help too .
She took up jogging like everyone else -- run , run , run .
Her new diet was yummy tofu spinach and lettuce salad , rice milk , low - fat soy milk , whole grain cereals , pasta , bagels , beans , barley grass , baked rice , and tempeh casserole , French lentils with onions and carrots , Basmati rice , black - eyed peas with sunflower seeds , tofu fajitas , sugar plum tofu with udon , green tea , and tamarind - marinated tofu with vegetables , 100 % pure fruit juice , and more fruit , fruit , fruit .
All of her new foods were organic so she would n't get cancer .
She did n't eat any meat because it causes cancer and heart disease .
She avoided fat whenever possible because it causes heart disease .
Nuts were a special treat , but she severely limited them because they have fat , you know .
She felt very guilty when she ate an egg at her friend 's apartment , but she loved her new lifestyle .
It was " Earth friendly , " and her energy was awesome .
In her sophomore year she began to develop the first negative symptom on her new vegan diet .
She missed a menstrual period .
She knew she could n't be pregnant because she had broken up with her boyfriend two months previously .
He was a jerk anyway .
They had a big fight because he had eaten a bacon cheeseburger and an apple that was not organic .
Good riddance .
He will be dead soon anyway from heart disease and cancer .
Out on her daily afternoon , run Little Miss Vegan College Coed felt a little tired for no reason .
She 'd gotten plenty of sleep the night before .
A few blocks from her apartment she literally collapsed on a bus stop bench .
What was wrong ?
She thought she must be coming down with the flu or something worse , but a few days later she knew it was n't the flu .
After several weeks she went to a special vegan doctor ( female , of course ) .
Her new doctor was highly qualified , with a medical degree and special training in naturopathic , holistic , Chinese medicine .
A few tests showed she was iron , vitamin A , vitamin D , vitamin K and vitamin B12 deficient .
Her total cholesterol was great , but her HDL was low and her triglycerides and LDL were high .
Her doctor gave her a diet and nutrition booklet and instructed her to eat tofu spinach and lettuce salad , rice milk , low - fat soy milk , whole grain cereals , pasta , bagels , beans , barley grass , baked rice and tempeh casserole , French lentils with onions and carrots , Basmati rice , black - eyed peas with sunflower seeds , tofu fajitas , sugar plum tofu with udon , green tea , and tamarind - marinated tofu with vegetables , 100 % pure fruit juice , and more fruit , fruit , fruit .
She was also advised to take a multiple vitamin and mineral supplement with additional vitamin B - 12 and iron tablets , but the iron only made her constipation worse .
Her doctor told her all would be OK .
She simply had to increase her fiber intake to combat the constipation .
That was a " girl thing " anyway .
" We are all that way , " her doctor said .
Her energy did not return , so she stopped jogging .
Then the bottom fell out of her health .
She had diarrhea big time .
Jumping from her seat in the middle of class she ran out , barely making it to the restroom .
She was afraid to leave the building , fearing she could not make it back to her apartment without messing her pants .
Little Miss Vegan College
Coed did n't know that her diet was composed of 80 % carbohydrates or that it was killing her .
She was deficient in cholesterol , fats , proteins , vitamins , and minerals .
Now she had developed an autoimmune inflammatory bowel disease .
Yikes !
Her 98 - pound skinny frame was in severe catabolism .
Every joint was sore .
She was depressed and tired .
Her sex drive was zero , and she did n't care about meeting any of the men on campus .
" Maybe I am a lesbian , " she thought .
Her inflammatory bowel disease had begun to control her relationships with people and interfere with her education .
She continued with her thinking , " I feel dirty inside and an intimate relationship is a big turnoff . "
Feeling she was dirty inside was the first and only thought about her health and nutrition that Little Miss Vegan College Coed had gotten right .
Yes , she was dirty inside .
Her high - carbohydrate diet had turned her colon into a fermentation system and a smelly sewage treatment process .
The explosion of pathogenic ( disease causing ) yeast , fungi , bacteria , and parasites had given her " leaky gut syndrome " that leads to autoimmune diseases .
Her vegan diet was destroying her health and happiness .
She loves lettuce and raw spinach salads , not realizing they are almost impossible to clean .
Insects and birds deposit their feces on the vegetables while they are still in the field .
E-coli and other bacteria become trapped within the cell structure of the vegetable as it grows .
She insists on organic food , not realizing that the restriction of insecticides during the growing season makes the food more contaminated .
This is the reason that salad bars are the most common cause of food poisoning .
Leaky Gut Syndrome .
Exposing the Myths , Dangers , and Lies About Organic Food .
Inflammatory Bowel Diseases , IBD , IBS , Crohn's , Ulcerative Colitis , Candida , and Others .
She found this website while surfing the Internet .
Amused , she continued reading the recommendations that she should deliberately eat high - cholesterol foods , saturated fat , and meat .
" No way , " she thought .
" I am not going to eat the leg of a chicken including the greasy skin .
A chicken has a face and a mother .
They are also kept in little pens . "
" All her professors , doctors , and the nutritional authorities from the United States , Canada , United Kingdom , and Australia could not be wrong , " she thought .
" Why am I reading this stuff ? " she asked herself , knowing she should have called her poor mother who has diarrhea as well .
" That 's it , " she said as the light in her head went off .
" I have inherited my health problems from my mother .
It 's in my genes .
I know my diet is perfect , " she said to herself .
She quickly clicked the little " X " in the top right corner of the web page , blurted a few insulting curse words out loud , and left for her meeting with the vegan support group .
Her tummy was rumbling and gurgling as she walked to the meeting building on campus .
" Oh , oh , I better locate the bathroom before going into the meeting , " she reasoned .
Testimonials A college student 's mother writes .
" By the way , my daughter is much better … she ’s stopped being a vegetarian ( yay ! ) , cut way back on the jogging , got her period back ( after 8 months ! ) and her bowels seem better too …
Thanks for all your encouragement . "
A Pescatarian Writes
A pescatarian diet does not include mammalian animals ( mammals ) or fowl .
It does include vegetables , fruit , grains , nuts , legumes , fish , sea food , eggs , and dairy products .
This person obviously has severe brainwashing and worships animals .
" I have been a veggie / vegan for about 20 years and I am unhealthy .
I am 44 and have such low energy ( I could sleep for a sport ) .
I have bouts of depression and my teeth are rotten to the core .
I fell for the propaganda being pumped out by all these health gurus and veggie organizations .
I became a veggie purely based on emotive reasons after watching animals being slaughtered .
I recently have got back on dairy products , eggs and all fish as a compromise .
I am struggling psychologically to return to eating meat .
Is it possible to be healthy long term on a pescatarian diet , or will this just be compromised health ?
I still really do n't want anything to do with the slaughter of animals and birds . "
Woman 's teeth fall out due to her raw vegan diet .
" Thanks a lot for your diet information .
I need your help after losing a lot of my teeth since going raw and vegan .
It also caused me to rejected my implants .
I hope to stop the trend as I only have three grinding teeth left plus all the front ones . "
A wife and husband describe their " miracle " baby .
" We were thrilled to hear from you both and appreciate your kind interest in us and our ' miracle baby ' Rachel !
She will be 1 year old on July 21st !
What a year it has been and she is such a blessing !
Sure , I will be happy to re-tell our little story as we are so thankful and I am eternally grateful for all of the works that you have published regarding human health and pregnancy .
God guided me to you and to one of the best decisions of my life .
About a year after my husband and I had been married , we made the decision to be free of birth control methods and allow our plans to have children to take its course .
Unfortunately , after 2 years of no luck with conception , we both became discouraged .
Not realizing the barrier I was creating for myself ( at that time ) , I had been a vegetarian for the prior 18 years .
I spent nearly a year reading , researching and praying for all that we could do to assist our attempts at pregnancy .
During this time of intense study , I stumbled upon your website and numerous articles related to human health , food choices and fertility .
At that time , I had the free use of office equipment and I printed page after page of your reports , organized them all by subject matter and read them each twice .
I prayed over what God was trying to tell me : " I know that you have been a vegetarian for many years and you have felt that was the right lifestyle for you , but that lifestyle choice may be the very thing that is keeping your body in hibernation as far as fertility is concerned . "
I finally listened to my Heart on the matter and let my husband know of my decision .
Within 6 months of my husband and I bringing meat and full fat dairy foods back into our home and back into our daily meals , we were Blessed with Conception !
I continued your recommended diet plan ( for pregnancy and conception ) throughout the pregnancy , did n't gain too much baby weight and was back to my pre-pregnancy weight within the first month .
Since our baby girl 's birth I have nursed her only ; she never consumed commercial baby formula and now in her nearly 12th month she is making her conversion to whole cow 's milk , both fresh and powdered .
When we began introducing table foods ( at about 6 months ) she was offered only high - protein foods ( eggs , meats ) , vegetables , few carbohydrate foods and yogurt .
I have prepared nearly all of her foods at home with a mini food processor and she basically eats what we eat , just chopped or pureed as necessary .
Rachel is a picture of health and has never been treated by a doctor for illness .
She has never experienced the frequent ear aches , fevers , sore throats , colds , etc. shared by so many children that I hear about .
She has been saying words for several months , sings / dances , " reads " books , has been walking since her 10th month and tries to lift every ( heavy ) thing she finds interesting !
One of her Grandmothers calls her " little BamBam " sometimes because she is so strong !
Click on the image to see an enlargement .
Click on the image to see an enlargement .
We are so proud !
and we are so thankful to you for helping us see the error in some of our ways , I am especially thankful to have been " redirected " about how vegetarianism was no longer the way for me or my family . "
Please send your success story by clicking the mail box below .
Mineral Toxicity : Vegetarians often reach toxic levels of copper and a deficiency of zinc because their diet has excessive levels of grains .
Copper and zinc are antagonistic .
In other words , they oppose each other in the body .
The high level of copper in grains depletes the already low level of zinc in the diet .
Meat is the best source of zinc , but that does n't help the vegetarian .
To make matters worse , vegetarians have difficulty eating meat again .
They can not quit the vegetarian diet easily .
The vegetarian diet suppress the secretion of hydrochloric acid by the stomach , thereby making digestion of meat more difficult .
This occurs when a person decides to reduce meat intake without becoming a full - fledged vegetarian .
The resulting decrease in stomach acid makes the digestion of meat problematic .
They develop a heavy , sluggish feeling in the intestinal tract that prompts them to reduce meat farther .
They are literally forced into a vegetarian diet because it initially makes them feel better .
This is a trap .
It will ruin your health .
The vegetarian has trouble breaking out of the declining health spiral because it takes a 180 degree , instantaneous turnaround .
Most vegetarians have become brainwashed and refuse to eat " flesh " no matter how sickly they become .
The vegetarian diet is the religious worship of animals .
They refuse to eat their " god . "
Vegetarians often have abnormal mineral tests using the hair analysis methods that show a long - term problem .
They are often shocked to find toxic heavy metals in the analysis as well .
Vegetarians who eat organic foods only are completely baffled by the test results .
A closer review of the reasons for heavy metal contamination in the body shows why this occurs .
Toxic Heavy Metal Poisoning , Contamination , Symptoms , Testing , Chelation , and Detox Protocols .
Analytical Research Labs , Inc. - Phoenix , AZ - Hair Testing .
Vitamin Deficiencies : Numerous studies confirm that vegans who do not supplement their diets with vitamin B - 12 are at definite risk for deficiency of vitamin B12 .
The effects of vitamin B - 12 deficiencies may appear as soon as 6 months after adopting a purely plant - based diet , or may not appear for 10 years or more following consumption of an exclusively vegan diet .
Vitamin A deficiency : Vitamin A one of the fat soluble vitamins .
The other two are vitamins D and K .
People who restricts themselves to a low - fat vegetarian diet are putting themselves at risk for a deficiency in all of these vitamins .
Vitamin B - 12 deficiencies : Vitamin B12 deficiency has numerous negative health consequences .
Artery Damage :
When vitamin B12 levels fall , homocysteine levels in the blood begin to rise .
Homocysteine is a waste product of the metabolism of the amino acid , methionine .
Elevated levels of homocysteine can damage the inner surfaces of arteries and in doing so promote deposition of cholesterol plaques - thus elevating the risk of heart attacks and strokes .
Neurological Damage : Peripheral nerves - numbness , tingling , and burning sensations in extremities and profound muscular fatigue .
Spinal cord injury - a serious form - subacute combined degeneration - may cause paralysis and be irreversible .
Other neurological hazards of vitamin B12 deficiency : dementia and depression in adults .
Risks to children :
If mother is B - 12 deficient while pregnant : birth defects .
If mother is B - 12 deficient while breastfeeding : nerve and brain damage , poor weight gain and " failure to thrive syndrome . "
If child is B - 12 deficient during infancy and adolescence : impaired intellectual function impairment .
Blood system damage : Vitamin B12 deficiency leads to macrocytic anemia ( abnormal shape and function of red blood cells ) , causing weakness , fatigue , irritability , and inability to concentrate .
Vitamin D deficiencies : Vegans who have a limited exposure to sunshine , such as those living in northern climates , as well as those who have dark skin , and older adults , are at increased risk for vitamin D deficiency , leading to weakened bones .
The vegetarian form of vitamin D ( vitamin D2 ) is only 60 percent available as compared to the animal form ( vitamin D3 ) .
The vegetarian diet can be as low as only 10 % of the RDA .
This increases the necessity for vegetarians to take vitamin D supplements or eat vitamin D fortified foods .
Vitamin K deficiency :
The low - fat vegetarian diet leads to a vitamin K deficiency .
Mineral deficiencies : High - fiber diets prevent effective mineral absorption because ( a ) minerals are bound tightly to phytate molecules in the plant fibers and ( b ) because the food mass moves through the intestine so quickly that there is less time for mineral absorption .
In addition , some minerals like iodine , magnesium , and zinc simply exist in far lower concentrations in plant - based foods than in animal - derived foods .
Minerals Commonly Inadequate in Vegan Diets Iodine : Vegans who do not include iodized salt or seaweed in their diet appear are at increased risk for a deficiency of iodine , needed for production of vital thyroid hormones .
Minerals Sometimes Inadequate in Vegan Diets Iron : Vegan iron intakes are often higher than that of non-vegetarians and lacto - ovo vegetarians , yet many vegans and vegetarians can show low levels of iron in the tissues ( as ferritin ) , indicating low absorption of the iron they consume .
Beef and other red meats are some of the healthiest foods one could eat .
Beef and other red meats are naturally loaded with essential vitamins , minerals , enzymes , and a multitude of other dietary supplements needed for optimal health .
Red meat is rich in heme - bound iron , the natural form of essential iron in the body .
People who avoid red meat and vegetarians who avoid all meat often have an iron deficiency .
The body can also eliminate excess heme iron naturally , unlike elemental iron which can become toxic when it is obtained from supplements .
Nutrition books typically underplay or ignore the broad spectrum of nutritional elements in red meat .
Zinc :
A significant percentage of vegans have zinc intakes below the RDA as well as a suboptimal zinc status .
Absorption of zinc in vegan diets is reduced as compared to those consuming non-vegetarian diets .
Vegan diets are higher in phytates , which can significantly compromise zinc absorption , and lower in animal protein , which would significantly enhance zinc absorption .
Sodium :
The vegetarian diet can be very high in added sodium , but deficiencies on a cellular level are commonly found by hair analysis .
The deficiency of protein and fats in the diet simply causes the sodium to be flushed from the body in the urine .
Potassium :
The vegetarian diet can contain an adequate amount of potassium , but deficiencies on a cellular level are commonly found by hair analysis .
The deficiency of protein and fats in the diet simply causes the potassium to be flushed from the body in the urine .
Calcium : Vegetarians who refuse to drink milk or eat cheese for religious reasons are at risk for calcium deficiency .
Essential fat deficiencies : Long - term vegans commonly have low tissue levels of highly unsaturated fatty acids ( HUFA ) of the omega - 3 family - namely , EPA ( eicosapentaenoic acid - 20 carbon atoms in length ) and DHA ( docosahexaenoic acid - 22 carbon atoms in length ) .
Cholesterol , Energy , Healing , Sex , and Babies .
Deficiencies in these fatty molecules can lead to dry skin and low energy levels , as well as increased risk for : cardiovascular disease , cancer , diabetes , osteoporosis , obesity , neurological / behavioral disorders such as Alzheimer 's disease , depression , ( possibly ) attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) , schizophrenia , immune / inflammatory disorders such as asthma , rheumatoid arthritis , lupus , inflammatory bowel diseases , psoriasis , and atopic dermatitis .
Also , deficiencies of EPA and DHA can lead to sub-optimal infant development , with compromised brain function and reduced visual acuity .
The primary reasons for the depressed omega - 3 fatty acid status in vegans are twofold : First , vegans consume insufficient amounts of alpha- linolenic acid ( the essential omega - 3 fatty acid found primarily in flaxseeds , hempseeds , canola oil , walnuts , green vegetables ) relative to their intake of linoleic acid ( the omega - 6 fatty acid found in margarines , commercial mayonnaise and many salad dressings , crackers , chips , cookies , and snack foods , as well as cooking and other oils like safflower , grape seed , sunflower , corn oil [ 60 - 75 % n - 6 ] soy , cottonseed oil and sesame [ 45 - 50 % n - 6 ] ) .
Second , vegans seldom consume the long - chain omega - 3 fatty acids , EPA and DHA , which in non-vegetarian diets come mainly from fish .
More deaths for caesarean babies - September 7 , 2006 .
" Babies born by caesarean are nearly three times more likely to die in the first month than those born naturally , US research shows . "
A vegetarian diet puts a woman at higher risk of having to deliver by Caesarean section because her hormones are not normal .
She is exceedingly fortunate her unbalanced hormones allowed her to get pregnant in the first place and not suffer a miscarriage thereafter .
In addition , the baby is likely to be underweight and sickly .
The vegetarian mother has a greater risk of being unable to breastfeed the baby because of the disruption to her hormones caused by the deficiency of fat , cholesterol , and protein in the vegetarian diet .
She is also more likely to suffer from postpartum depression .
The hormones in the body are made from cholesterol .
One vegetarian named Paula from Australia , went ballistic at the suggestion that her diet caused all of these symptoms in her and her baby .
She did n't realize it was not my assertion but the result of a study announced on BBC News in the United Kingdom .
" Re : Your idiotic assertion that babies born by caesarean section are 3 times more likely to die in the first month after birth . "
" I am the sad statistic of a mother who was pushed into a caesarean section by my OB / GYN due to my daughter 's low birth weight which caused me to be unable to breastfeed my daughter and sent me into a severe state of post natal depression .
I intend to have a VBAC with my next baby . "
Protein deficiencies :
Although the majority of reports suggest adequate protein intakes in vegans , the Vegan Health Study has found that sub-optimal amino acid status ( the " building blocks " of protein ) is relatively common among vegans , and many vegans have low levels of branched - chain amino acids ( valine , leucine , and isoleucine ) due to insufficient protein intake .
Vegans who do not consume enough sulfur - containing amino acids , particularly cysteine and methionine , are at risk for reduced production of carnitine , a protein necessary for metabolizing fats for energy .
Low levels of carnitine can lead to fatigue and reduced physical performance .
A lack of these sulfur - containing amino acids also reduces the production of glutathione , a powerful antioxidant needed for detoxification of tissue - damaging free radicals , which can accelerate aging of tissues and increase cancer risk .
Caution :
Do not supplement the diet with methionine amino acid .
The metabolism of methionine produces homocysteine which is a sulfur - containing amino acid .
It exists at a critical biochemical juncture between methionine metabolism and the biosynthesis of the amino acids cysteine and taurine .
Homocysteine is used to build and repair tissues , but an excess of homocysteine has been shown to be a major factor in hardening and obstruction of the arteries , causing full - blown heart disease .
Vegetarians will have you believe that eating fish , red meat , fowl , and cheese greatly increases the risk of becoming contaminated with toxic heavy metals .
They cite examples like mercury in ocean fish or cows eating grass that has been contaminated by agriculture chemicals .
They sometimes cite examples of the ingestion of pesticides and herbicides as the source of heavy metal in supermarket meats .
This is not the case .
Actually , vegetarians are much more likely to be contaminated with toxic heavy metals for proven scientific reasons .
Fruit , vegetables , legumes , nuts , and seeds commonly eaten by vegetarians can become easily contaminated by heavy metals occurring naturally in the soil or the air .
Vegetarians are placed at higher risk because their diet contains fewer natural chelators than does the diet of meat eaters as we shall see below .
Whole grains and other high - carbohydrate foods hold toxic metal ions for release within the body .
The high level of carbohydrates in the diet results in a heavy load of glucose in the blood , and glucose has no chelating properties .
The high level of glucose causes a rise in insulin , a powerful anabolic hormone .
The insulin forces glucose into the cells , turns excess glucose into triglycerides , and deposits the triglycerides in the body as saturated fat .
The anabolic nature of insulin opposes the catabolic nature of chelators .
Eating meat detoxes heavy metals from the body naturally using amino acids , but eating fruit and whole grains causes the accumulation of heavy metals and prevents their discharge .
Analytical Research Labs , Inc. - Phoenix , AZ - Hair Testing .
Toxic Heavy Metal Poisoning , Contamination , Symptoms , Testing , Chelation , and Detox Protocols .
Conjugated Linoleic Acid - CLA Deficiency CLA ( Conjugated Linoleic Acid ) is a natural fatty acid found in dietary meat and dairy products .
Cows produce CLA naturally , but humans cannot .
CLA inhibits the conversion of dietary fat to body fat and promotes the growth of lean body muscle .
CLA deficiency may be one of the contributing factors in the obesity epidemic .
Therefore , it has become a major supplement used by bodybuilders to show off those 6 - pack abs .
CLA also inhibits the growth of cancer tumors .
Vegetarians are naturally deficient in CLA .
USDA Food Guide Pyramid
The vegetarian diet appears to be in perfect conformance to the professional dietary and medical advice given by the United States Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) and the United States Food and Drug Administration ( USFDA ) when analyzed for percentage of fat , carbohydrates , and protein .
The USDA has published the official diet in the form of an icon called the USDA Food Guide Pyramid .
The USFDA has published the official USFDA Recommended Daily Allowance ( RDA ) for carbohydrate , protein , and fat .
However , therein lies a big flaw .
Neither the Food Guide Pyramid nor the RDA is based on scientific facts .
If you follow the Food Guide Pyramid as your daily nutritional guide , you will encounter many related degenerative diseases like diabetes , heart disease , cancer , bowel disease , autoimmune diseases , and many more .
The USDA Food Guide Pyramid and FDA Recommended Daily Allowance are solely responsible for the current high incidence of adult onset Type II diabetes which has tripled in the last 30 years .
Type II diabetes is becoming common among teenagers , who were once thought to be excluded from this " age related " disease .
People with diabetes have a significantly increased risk of cancer and heart disease .
USDA - Dietary Guidelines for Americans , 2005 .
Mom 's Vegan Diet May Put Baby at Risk - January 20 , 2003 .
Children ' harmed ' by vegan diets US scientist claims - February 21 , 2005 .
Vegan Parents Charged With Manslaughter of Child Because of Vegan Diet - June 4 , 2002 .
The vegetarian diet is dangerously deficient in essential omega - 3 fatty acids .
Some vegetarians realize this fact and supplement their diet with flax seed because of the alpha- linolenic fatty acid ( ALA ) content .
Vegetarians in past centuries did not know about flax seed and suffered greatly from omega - 3 essential fatty acid deficiency .
The three most nutritionally important omega - 3 fatty acids are alpha- linolenic fatty acid , eicosapentaenoic acid ( EPA ) , and docosahexaenoic fatty acid ( DHA ) .
No plant source contains EPA and DHA fatty acids directly .
The body can normally change plant sources of ALA fatty acid into both EPA and DHA fatty acids .
However , consuming EPA and DHA fatty acids in the form of cod liver oil or cold water fish is a much better option .
Alpha-linolenic fatty acid is one of two fatty acids traditionally classified as " essential . "
The other fatty acid traditionally viewed as essential is an omega - 6 fat called linoleic acid .
These fatty acids have traditionally been classified as essential because the body is unable to manufacture them on its own and because they play a fundamental role in several physiological functions .
As a result , we must be sure our diet contains sufficient amounts of both alpha- linolenic acid and linoleic acid .
Vegetarianism is a religion , the worship of animals .
It is not a healthy way of eating .
The Vegetarian Diet Will Blow Your Guts Out .
Huh , Dave ?
Vegetarian Diet Caused Degenerative Disc Disease , Leaky Gut Syndrome , Systemic Candida Yeast Infection , and Constipation " Dear Mr. Rieske , How can I ever thank you ?
Your knowledge , insight , honesty , and courage contained in your articles have significantly improved the quality of my life !
I am now 37 years old .
From the ages of 25 to 36 I had adopted a predominantly vegetarian lifestyle .
Over the years I have developed a mild case of degenerative disc disease , constant headaches , and a severe case of Candida ( and perhaps leaky gut ) .
I started to figure out that something was definitely wrong .
The mainstream nutritional advice had definitely steered me in the wrong direction .
I have been eating a " clean " and " natural " diet for several months now on red meat , fish , fowl , a small amount of veggies and berries ( I can't help it , I love berries ) .
My headaches have disappeared !
I went from 172 lbs ( at 5 ' 8 " tall ) to 158 lbs !
I have no constipation nor diarrhea ( which was at one time constant ) !
I think clearly , my mood is better , and I feel great !
You have made a huge impact on my life , and I am grateful .
I have discussed your information with every person in my social circle as it is all I can seem to do to help others as you 've helped me .
Thanks again , and God Bless , Stuart "
Frail Children -
Some vegan kids look like hyper stick figures with no muscle mass because of the low - fat , low - protein diet , while others become fatties from eating the excess carbohydrate diet .
The difference depends on the amount of refined vegetable products like sugar and fruit juices .
The vegetarians of Southern India eat a low - calorie diet very high in carbohydrates and low in protein and fat .
They have the shortest life span of any society on Earth , and their bodies have an extremely low muscle mass .
They are weak and frail , and the children clearly exhibit a failure to thrive .
Their heart disease rate is double that of the meat eaters in Northern India .
HL Abrams .
Vegetarianism : An anthropological / nutritional evaluation .
Journal of Applied Nutrition , 1980 , 32:2:53 - 87 .
The optimal diet for humans can be determined by anthropological research studies that show humans have primarily been meat - eaters .
Mr. Robert McCarrison , a nutritionist from Scotland , studied the nutrition and health of the peoples of India for many years during the early twentieth century .
His laboratory later became known as the India National Institute of Nutrition .
He reported in 1921 , during a lecture at the University of Pittsburgh , that the vegetarians of Southern India suffered greatly from cancer .
They ate a high - fiber , organic diet of fruits , vegetables , and whole grains .
They religiously abstained from meat and all animal products , yet the people of Southern India suffered greatly from many forms of cancer and intestinal disease .
He reported that the people of Northern India near the Himalayas were much healthier without finding a single case of cancer .
These Northern Indians has a diet of milk , butter , fresh red meat , fruits , vegetables , and whole grains ; although the amount of fruits , vegetables , and whole grains was much more limited because the people live in the rugged mountains at a high elevation .
This extensive study proved that eating fresh red meat and saturated animal fats does not cause cancer .
In fact , these years of study proved that eating fresh red meat and saturated animal fats actually prevents cancer .
If you believe fresh red meat and saturated animal fats cause cancer , you have been brainwashed .
If you believe a vegetarian , high - fiber , organic diet of fruits , vegetables , and whole grains does not cause cancer , you have been brainwashed .
The three most nutritionally important omega - 3 fatty acids are alpha-linolenic fatty acid ( ALA ) , eicosapentaenoic acid ( EPA ) , and docosahexaenoic fatty acid ( DHA ) .
Alpha-linolenic fatty acid is one of two fatty acids traditionally classified as essential .
The other fatty acid traditionally viewed as essential is an omega - 6 fat called linoleic acid .
These fatty acids have traditionally been classified " esssential " because the body is unable to manufacture them on its own and because they play a fundamental role in several physiological functions .
As a result , we must be sure our diet contains sufficient amounts of both alpha- linolenic acid and linoleic acid .
Flax seed as recommended by vegetarians is not a good substitute for cod liver oil because many people lack the ability to break the alpha- linolenic fatty acid down into the two components , EPA and DHA fatty acids .
The infant also needs essential omega - 3 and omega - 6 fatty acids .
Where is your infant getting these essential fats ?
Omega - 3 fatty acids are NOT available to the infant from rice cereal , fruit juices , fruits , or vegetables .
The infant can suffer from autism , low - immune system , low - growth rate , poor brain development , and many other health problems as a result of the switch to high - carbohydrate foods .
This is one of the reasons autism , attention deficient hyperactivity disorder , child obesity , allergies , and many other childhood diseases are expanding at an epidemic rate .
All commercial infant formula and food is seriously lacking in essential omega - 3 fatty acids .
They are not included because of expense , lower shelf life , and because the fats tend to stick to the side of the container .
Even dog food is fortified with omega - 3 fatty acids because dogs get sick if they are not added .
Commercial infant food also contains an excessive amount of omega - 6 fatty acids from safflower , sunflower , soybean , corn , and similar nut , seed , and grain oils that are unhealthy .
Many commercial infant formulas now contain a compound they claim is DHA docosahexaenoic omega - 3 fatty acid .
However , this is a form of DHA called crypthecodinium cohnii oil that is obtained from algae in a factory ( yucky ) .
It is not the same as natural DHA docosahexaenoic omega - 3 fatty acid as found in unprocessed products like Carlson 's Lemon Flavored Cod Liver Oil .
Real DHA docosahexaenoic omega - 3 fatty acid is not used in infant formula because it reduces the shelf storage life , has a liquid oil form , sticks to the container , and is rejected by religious vegetarians who will not buy anything from animal sources .
Cod liver oil contains both both forms of omega - 3 fatty acids , eicosapentaenoic acid ( EPA ) and docosahexaenoic fatty acid ( DHA ) .
Commercial baby formula does not contain eicosapentaenoic acid ( EPA ) because they can't manufacture it in a dry powder form .
Cod Liver Oil : The Number One Superfood .
The arachidonic fatty acid ( ARA ) also added to commercial infant formula is sourced from the mortierella alpina fungus ( yucky ) .
The ingredient list on the containers of commercial infant formula conveniently hides the fact that factory forms of DHA and ARA are obtained from algae and fungus .
Cod liver oil contains unprocessed healthy alpha- linolenic fatty acid that the body uses to obtain arachidonic fatty acid ( ARA ) .
Do n't let the vegetarians control the food your child eats .
Testimonials A college student 's mother writes .
" By the way , my daughter is much better .
She 's stopped being a vegetarian ( yay ! ) , cut way back on the jogging , got her period back ( after 8 months ! ) and her bowels seem better too .
Thanks for all your encouragement . "
A wife and husband describe their " miracle " baby .
" We were thrilled to hear from you both and appreciate your kind interest in us and our ' miracle baby ' Rachel !
She will be 1 year old on July 21st !
What a year it has been and she is such a blessing !
Sure , I will be happy to re-tell our little story as we are so thankful and I am eternally grateful for all of the works that you have published regarding human health and pregnancy .
God guided me to you and to one of the best decisions of my life .
About a year after my husband and I had been married , we made the decision to be free of birth control methods and allow our plans to have children to take its course .
Unfortunately , after 2 years of no luck with conception , we both became discouraged .
Not realizing the barrier I was creating for myself ( at that time ) , I had been a vegetarian for the prior 18 years .
I spent nearly a year reading , researching and praying for all that we could do to assist our attempts at pregnancy .
During this time of intense study , I stumbled upon your website and numerous articles related to human health , food choices and fertility .
At that time , I had the free use of office equipment and I printed page after page of your reports , organized them all by subject matter and read them each twice .
I prayed over what God was trying to tell me : " I know that you have been a vegetarian for many years and you have felt that was the right lifestyle for you , but that lifestyle choice may be the very thing that is keeping your body in hibernation as far as fertility is concerned . "
I finally listened to my Heart on the matter and let my husband know of my decision .
Within 6 months of my husband and I bringing meat and full fat dairy foods back into our home and back into our daily meals , we were Blessed with Conception !
I continued your recommended diet plan ( for pregnancy and conception ) throughout the pregnancy , did n't gain too much baby weight and was back to my pre-pregnancy weight within the first month .
Since our baby girl 's birth I have nursed her only ; she never consumed commercial baby formula and now in her nearly 12th month she is making her conversion to whole cow 's milk , both fresh and powdered .
When we began introducing table foods ( at about 6 months ) she was offered only high - protein foods ( eggs , meats ) , vegetables , few carbohydrate foods and yogurt .
I have prepared nearly all of her foods at home with a mini food processor and she basically eats what we eat , just chopped or pureed as necessary .
Rachel is a picture of health and has never been treated by a doctor for illness .
She has never experienced the frequent ear aches , fevers , sore throats , colds , etc. shared by so many children that I hear about .
She has been saying words for several months , sings / dances , " reads " books , has been walking since her 10th month and tries to lift every ( heavy ) thing she finds interesting !
One of her Grandmothers calls her " little BamBam " sometimes because she is so strong !
Click on the image to see an enlargement .
Click on the image to see an enlargement .
We are so proud !
and we are so thankful to you for helping us see the error in some of our ways , I am especially thankful to have been " redirected " about how vegetarianism was no longer the way for me or my family . "
Please send your success story by clicking the mail box below .
Vegan Mommies Have Boy Babies With Deformed Sex Organs
The vegetarian diet is disastrous for the developing male fetus .
The vegetarian diet is typically very high in soy products such as : Soy milk as a substitute for cows ' milk .
Soy enriched cereal with soy milk , of course .
Soy enriched bread .
Soy enriched flour for baking .
Soy bagels .
Soy cookies .
Soy tofu .
Soy veggie burgers as a substitute for beef burgers .
Soybeans roasted as a substitute for nuts .
Soy infant formula for baby .
Soybean oil salad dressings .
Soy enriched ice cream .
Soy enriched pudding .
Soy energy bars .
Soy enriched potatoes .
Cholesterol , Energy , Healing , Sex , and Babies .
Do not eat any food containing soy , soybeans , soy protein , tofu , or any other soy products .
Soy causes birth defects in unborn babies .
The plant estrogens in soy , called phytoestrogens , cause massive hormone disruptions in the fetus , babies , infants , and adults .
People of all ages should avoid eating all products that contain soy or soy protein .
The following are the sad regrets sent to us by a mother who ate soy tofu during her pregnancy .
Soy prevents conception and causes birth defects .
" I agree with much of your sites philosophies .
Soy is awful stuff .
I was a vegan for 10 years .
I blame soy protein for causing a 3rd degree hypospadias in my lovely son.
10 surgeries were required to repair it .
I am an advocate of a high animal protein diet now .
I purchase natural meat when I can for my family .
We eat pork , lard , beef suet , beef , whole milk , etc .
I feel my health is better than it ever was .
I eat carbohydrates in very limited quantities .
Mainly in the form of vegetable and fruit .
We never eat any form of flour , wheat or refined carbohydrates , sugar , etc .
It 's poison .
Thanks for helping to get the message out to our suffering obese country .
One person at a time . "
Note : Hypospadias is a condition where the outlet of the penis is not at the end .
It is caused by a male fetus receiving excessive amounts of phytoestrogens .
Males can become sterile as a result of the mother eating soy during pregnancy .
Female fetuses are damaged as well causing hormone problems during puberty and later life .
" I feel 100 % certain it was the phytoestrogens in the tofu I ate DAILY during pregnancy that created Gabriel 's hypospadias .
I 've done a lot of research on estrogen since , and I 've found that it 's pretty toxic stuff !
Being a woman , I make enough of it as it is , and I added more to my taxed system .
Wish I knew then what I know now .
But I can not blame myself .
I had no idea what I was doing to myself and my son .
I have been reading your site for some weeks now , honestly , every free moment I get I read the articles and the links you posted .
Thanks a bunch ! "
Soy causes the early maturation of females who are beginning to develop as early as eight years of age .
Soy phytoestrogens increase female infertility and have caused a plunge in the male sperm count .
Soy products are being added to all kinds of food to the extent that escaping from the consumption of soy is nearly impossible .
Reading every nutritional label is necessary .
Unprocessed foods should always be the first choice .
Meat , fowl , fish , and seafood should be unprocessed and in the natural state .
Bread , cookies , crackers , candy bars , and special drinks are prime candidates to avoid .
Never feed a baby soy - based formula .
Mommy Goes Shopping for Baby Food
Are professional nutritionists , doctors of gynecology , and pediatric physicians warning women about the health hazards to themselves and their offspring from eating soy ?
No ! No ! No! Sssshhhhhhhhh .
Vegan Acid - Alkaline
Theory is Nonsense Vegetarians falsely claim that eating meat increases the body 's acid level .
This is nonsense .
Vegetarians typically suffer from acid reflux because they do not eat meat .
Simply breathing properly can change the blood pH drastically within minutes .
Deep breathing discharges carbon dioxide from the blood which reduces the blood acid and increases the pH level .
The body normally controls the acid - alkaline balance within a very narrow range .
A diet devoid of meat is unhealthy because the stomach normally excretes a large amount of hydrochloric acid during a meal in preparation for the digestion of meat .
Introduction : Acid-Base Balance : Merck Manual Home Edition .
Acidosis : Acid-Base Balance : Merck Manual Home Edition .
Alkalosis : Acid-Base Balance : Merck Manual Home Edition .
Meat does not " putrify " in the digestive tract as claimed by vegetarians .
Do n't believe their nonsense and lies .
The Latest News in Vegetarian Diet and Health Concerns
Reference Books and Online Support Groups : Good Calories , Bad Calories by Gary Taubes Good Calories , Bad Calories is a must - read book .
Gary Taubes is an award - winning scientist who has specialized in exposing misleading , incorrect , or fraudulent science .
His seven - year research in every science connected with the impact of nutrition on health shows us that almost everything we believe about the nature of a healthy diet is wrong .
For decades we have been taught that fat is bad for us , carbohydrates are better , and that the key to a healthy weight is eating less and exercising more .
Yet with more and more people acting on the advice , we have seen unprecedented epidemics of obesity and diabetes .
Taubes argues persuasively that the problem lies in refined carbohydrates ( white flour , sugar , easily digested starches ) via their dramatic effect on insulin -- the hormone that regulates fat accumulation -- and that the key to good health is the kind of calories we take in , not the number .
There are good and bad calories .
Taubes traces how the common assumption that carbohydrates are fattening was abandoned in the 1960s when fat and cholesterol were blamed for heart disease and then -- wrongly -- were seen as the causes of a host of other maladies , including cancer .
He shows us how these unproven hypotheses were emphatically embraced by authorities in nutrition , public health , and clinical medicine in spite of how well - conceived clinical trials have consistently refuted them .
He also documents the dietary trials of carbohydrate - restriction which consistently show that the fewer carbohydrates we consume the leaner we will be .
With precise references to the most significant existing clinical studies , he convinces us that there is no compelling scientific evidence demonstrating that saturated fat and cholesterol cause heart disease ; that salt causes high blood pressure ; and that fiber is a necessary part of a healthy diet .
Based on the evidence that does exist , he leads us to conclude that the only healthy way to lose weight and remain lean is to eat fewer carbohydrates or to change the type of carbohydrates we do eat and , for some of us , perhaps to eat virtually none at all .
Active Low - Carber Forums - Atkins & low - carbohydrate Diet Support Group
You can talk with others who have bowel diseases or candida about their experiences .
Registration is free but required before you can post your own message or question .
You can click above to visit and read posts by others .
Look for the " Candida Yeast & IBS " topic link .
Life Without Bread : How a Low - Carbohydrate Diet Can Save Your Life Life Without Bread is an important addition to the growing body of literature on the benefits and importance of low - carb diet .
Written by Christian Allan , Ph.D. , and Wolfgang Lutz , M.D. , the book is based on Dr. Lutz 's experience using carbohydrate - restricted diets with thousands of patients for more than 40 years .
It is based on extensive research in the medical and scientific literature and provides ample references .
The book presents a unified theory of how high ( and even moderate ) levels of dietary carbohydrate cause or exacerbate various health problems and how carbohydrate restriction can help people to recover from those problems .
The book Life Without Bread by Christian Allan , Ph.D. and Wolfgang Lutz , M.D. has a chapter on gastrointestinal diseases .
Do n't be mislead by the title to believe the cure is the simple elimination of bread .
Mr. Lutz 's older book is out of print but has essentially the same information .
It may even contain more detail than his new book above .
Fortunately , Chapter VII : Gastro - Intestinal
Tract of the older book can be read online .
Dr. Atkins ' New Diet Revolution - Revised and Improved The Atkins ' New Diet Revolution is the best book for an initial dietary change and quick weight loss , reduced blood pressure , and reduced cholesterol .
Look for the companion book for recipes .
It has some very interesting case studies from the doctor 's patients .
It includes data from past civilizations proving the low - carbohydrate diet is the most healthy .
Robert C. Atkins , M.D. ISBN : 006001203X .
Dr. Atkins ' Age - Defying Diet Revolution
This is Dr. Atkins newest book .
The main topics are the cause , prevention , and cure for diabetes and heart disease which have become major health concerns in the United States and many other developed countries .
Robert C. Atkins , M.D. with Sheila Buff ISBN : 0312251890 .
Protein Power Lifeplan
This book by Dr. Michael and Dr. Mary Dan Eades has an excellent chapter on " Leaky Gut Syndrome " which describes the cause of bowel diseases and autoimmune diseases .
Why Stomach Acid is Good for You
This groundbreaking book unleashes a brilliant new plan for permanently curing heartburn by relieving the root cause of the problem : low stomach acid .
The fact is that heartburn is caused by too little stomach acid -- not too much , as many doctors profess .
Book by Jonathan V. Wright and Lane Lenard .
Three Books Are Now Available !
Click here to review and order !!
The books are more complete than the web pages !!
Join me on Facebook and ADD me as your friend .
To support this website just place 1 or 2 dollars in an envelope and send it to : Kent R. Rieske
5086 Cottonwood Drive
Boulder , CO 80301 USA
MEDICAL DISCLAIMER :
All information is intended for your general knowledge only and is not a substitute for medical advice or treatment for specific medical conditions .
You should seek prompt medical care for any specific health issues and consult your physician before starting a new fitness or nutrition regimen .
The information contained in this online site and email is presented in summary form only and intended to provide broad consumer understanding and knowledge of dietary supplements .
The information should not be considered complete and should not be used in place of a visit , call , consultation or advice of your physician or other health care provider .
We do not recommend the self - management of health problems .
Information obtained by using our services is not exhaustive and does not cover all diseases , ailments , physical conditions , or their treatment .
Should you have any health care related questions , please call or see your physician or other health care provider promptly .
You should never disregard medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read here .
We strongly suggest you select a physician who is knowledgeable and supportive of the low - carbohydrate diet .
Many of the physicians listed on this page have health clinics .
Drugs and Doctors May be the Third Leading Cause of Death in U.S. Why Most Published Research Findings Are False .
Pharmaceutical firms are inventing diseases to sell more drugs .
The following sites have excellent information on a good diet for healing and health preservation .
The World 's Most Popular Diet & Nutrition Message Board
You can contact the author by clicking the mailbox above .
Copyright © 2001 - 2016 by Kent R. Rieske , B.Sc. , and Bible Life Ministries .
All Rights Reserved .
Permission is granted to copy this information in whole and without revision providing that full credit is given to the author .
This information may not be copied in part and the information may not be included in any material that is offered for sale .
You are encouraged to place a link to this article on your website .
This is the most accurate search for Bible Life Ministries .
Powered by FreeFind
Search Bible Life Ministries Search WWW
Search Bible Life Ministries Search WWW
Join me on Facebook and add me as your friend .
Kent R. Rieske , Ministry Director
5086 Cottonwood Drive
Boulder , CO 80301 USA
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Pope Benedict 's personal preacher has compared criticism of the pontiff and Church over child abuse to " collective violence " suffered by the Jews .
The Rev Raniero Cantalamessa was speaking at Good Friday prayers in St Peter 's Basilica , attended by the Pope .
In his sermon , he quoted a Jewish friend as saying the accusations reminded him of the " more shameful aspects of anti-Semitism " .
His comments angered Jewish groups and those representing abuse victims .
Father Cantalamessa said Jews throughout history had been the victims of " collective violence " and drew a comparison with recent attacks on the Roman Catholic Church .
He read the congregation part of a letter from a Jewish friend who said he was " following with disgust the violent and concentric attacks against the Church , the Pope ...
" The use of stereotypes , the shifting of personal responsibility and guilt to a collective guilt remind me of the most shameful aspects of anti-Semitism , " he quoted from the letter .
Father Cantalamessa , the preacher to the papal household , is the only person allowed to preach to the Pope .
The BBC's David Willey , in Rome , says the comments show the Church is continuing to defend itself rigorously and outspokenly against accusations of having systematically covered up cases of sexual abuse by priests in recent decades .
Vatican spokesman the Rev Federico Lombardi later contacted the Associated Press news agency to say Father Cantalamessa was not speaking as a Vatican official .
He said such a comparison could " lead to misunderstandings and is not an official position of the Catholic Church " .
In pictures : Good Friday Church ' needs fresh start '
But Stephan Kramer , general - secretary of Germany 's Central Council of Jews , described the remarks as offensive and repulsive .
" So far I have n't seen St Peter 's burning , nor were there outbursts of violence against Catholic priests , " he said .
" I 'm without words .
The Vatican is now trying to turn the perpetrators into victims . "
Peter Isely , spokesman for the US victim support group Snap , said the sermon had been " reckless and irresponsible " .
He said : " They 're sitting in the papal palace , they 're experiencing a little discomfort , and they 're going to compare themselves to being rounded up or lined up and sent in cattle cars to Auschwitz ?
" You can not be serious . "
Rabbi Gary Greenebaum , of the American Jewish Committee , called Father Cantalamessa 's comments " an unfortunate use of language " .
" The collective violence against the Jews resulted in the death of six million , while the collective violence spoken of here has not led to murder and destruction , but perhaps character assault , " he said .
Pope accused The Roman Catholic Church has been embroiled in fresh allegations of child sex abuse by priests , most recently in Germany .
The Pope has been accused of failing to take action against a suspected abuser during his tenure as archbishop of Munich - a claim the Vatican strongly denies .
Critics also say that when he was head of the Vatican office dealing with sex abuse , he did not act against a US priest who is thought to have abused some 200 deaf boys .
Thousands of pilgrims are in Rome for the Easter rituals .
Following the service at St Peter 's Basilica , the Pope went to Rome 's Colosseum for the Way of the Cross procession commemorating Christ 's crucifixion .
During the procession , the Pope spoke briefly about the evening 's religious observances before blessing the crowd , prompting cheers and some shouts of " Long live the Pope " .
On Saturday , he is to lead an Easter vigil service in St Peter 's and on Sunday he is due to deliver his traditional Urbi et Orbi - to the city and the world - message and blessing .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
On election day David Hoffman had a knock on his door by the police , who instructed him to take down a poster he had in his window of David Cameron with the word ' wanker ' written on it .
Moments later he was handcuffed and threatened with arrest
WARNING : contains explicit language
Letterpress and Letter Bulge Effect using Photoshop and CSS
Graphic design is an ever - growing industry .
With the trends toward more modern and sophisticated design , letterpress and letter bulge effects are popular .
Designing the effects in Photoshop is simple , but transforming them into code used to be impossible .
Now it ’s possible to transfer the effect from Photoshop to CSS nearly effortlessly , streamlining the design process .
This tutorial will show you how to create letterpress and letter bulge effects in Photoshop and transfer them to a CSS file .
The first step is to create the design in Photoshop .
Start a new file :
Now , fill the entire background area with the color # 3c3c3 c .
This is to highlight the text while we apply the effects .
Now pick up the Typing tool and write some thing ( eg : psd-tutorial ) .
Make sure that the font color is # 7b7b7b .
This will give a nice look to the text while we apply the effects .
Right - click the text layer ( psd- tutorial ) in the Layer Panel and select Blending Options .
We are giving the magical touch to the text in this window .
Tick the Inner Shadow and set the attributes to the following values :
Opacity : 80 %
Angle : 120
Distance : 2
Choke : 0
Size : 3 and press OK .
Now you can see the amazing text - press effects for your text just like the following image .
🙂
Is n’t it amazing ?
Now we ’ll move on to the text bulge effect .
For that , again select the type tool and make another text :
Here I just typed ‘ complete psd tutorials ’ .
Make sure that the font color is again # 7b7b7b .
Now again , go to the newly created text layer in the layer panel and right click , choose Blending Options .
This time , tick the Drop Shadow effect instead of Inner Shadow and set the values :
Opacity : 83 %
Angle : 120
distance : 1
Spread : 0
Size : 3
Make sure that the color selected is black .
Now press OK .
Here we go .
That ’s all about the Text bulge effect .
How is this going ?
Interesting right ?
Okay , now we are moving on to the second part , that is coding of these letters .
I ’m using Adobe Dreamweaver for that .
First , create a new HTML page :
You will get a page like this .
Here , we are doing the html codes for the page .
Save this file as index.html
Now put the following codes in between < body > and </ body >
< link href=”style.css ” rel=” stylesheet ” type=” text/css ” />
<h1> PSD - Tutorial</h1 >
<h2 > Complete Psd Tutorials </h2 >
Next , we will have to create the CSS file for the same .
So Take a new CSS page .
You will get a page like this .
You can write the code after the default texts .
Just copy and paste this code in to the file .
body {
background : # b1b1b1 url( bg.png ) ;
}
h1 {
font - size :80 px ;
text - align : center ;
font - family : Rockwell ;
color : # 7b7b7 b ;
text - shadow : 0px 2px 1px # bbbaba ;
}
h2 {
font : 60 px Rockwell ;
text - align : center ;
color : # 7b7b7 b ;
text - shadow : 0px 2px 5 px # 000000 ;
}
If you do n’t have the Rockwell font in your list , try to add the font to the font - family .
You can simply click the Edit font list and add the new font to the list .
Just select the rockwell font from the available fonts category and click the insert button pointed by the arrow in the image .
That ’s all with the CSS styling .
Save the file as style.css in the same folder where you saved the index.html .
The main code behind the effect is the text - shadow attribute .
So here is the final screenshot of what you get when you double click the index.html
I hope you enjoyed the tutorial .
Please feel free to ask any questions in the comment area , and I will answer them as best I can . 🙂
2.1 TB of storage ought to be enough for anybody .
At least , that 's what IBM and Microsoft must have been thinking when they set the maximum supported size drive of the venerable Logical Block Addressing ( LBA ) standard that 's now embedded in motherboards , RAID drivers and firmware , and operating systems across all segments of the PC industry .
So when Seagate confirmed longstanding rumors that the drivemaker is prepping a 3TB drive for the end of the year , it also had to give a number of caveats along with the news .
" Nobody expected back in 1980 when they set the standard that we ’d ever address over 2.1TB , " Seagate 's Barbara Craig told Thinq .
That was the year that IBM introduced the world 's first gigabyte drive at a retail price of $ 40,000 ( about $ 68,300 in 2009 dollars ) and a weight of 550 lb ; it was also the year that Seagate introduced the first 5.25 - inch hard drive for the IBM PC - XT , the 5MB ST - 506 .
Given those data points , it 's easy to see how 2.1TB was essentially just an arbitrarily large number of bytes , sort of like " a gazillion . "
So if you 're in the market for a new system as we head into the summer , you 'll want to keep an eye out for hardware that can support the larger drives .
And you 'll also want to keep an eye out for the next version of our long - delayed System Guide , which we 're currently working on .
While the doctors can not pinpoint exactly how far along in pregnancy she is , they can and do estimate it based on the growth rate and size of the baby .
They can easily be off by as much as a week ( maybe two since we 're talking about the pregnancy being half way through already ) .
So if the doctor says she is 5 months pregnant , and you only had sex with her for the 1st time 3 months ago , I 'm willing to believe the doctor more than her .
Sounds like you need to have a really serious conversation with her , and be willing to take a paternity test to prove the baby is n't yours before you get stuck paying for his collage education .
When the iPad was announced last January , starry - eyed Apple fans ( including Intrideans ) rushed to get their orders in .
Some Apple fans grumbled about the iPad being just an oversized iPhone , but many of the out - spoken protestors were also quietly trying to justify the impending purchase they were about to make .
After all , how could an Apple fan turn their back on such an exciting device ?
Sure , it might just be a huge iPhone , but you have to have it — because it ’s a HUGE iphone !
In an effort to find out how well the iPad holds up for professional use , I asked three Intrideans to share their user experiences .
I gave enough time for the initial euphoria to wear off , and now we ’ve got some great insight into how a developer , designer and QA manager are using the iPad at work !
Our Director of Mobile Development , Brendan Lim , shares his observations on how the portability of the iPad has changed his day to day routine :
Being a gadget - head , self - proclaimed Apple fanboy , and a developer , I could not help but be excited when the iPad was released .
There have been other attempts at making a tablet computer , all of which have been failures , including Newton , Apple ’s first attempt at this kind of device .
But times have changed and due to the success of the iPhone , the world was finally ready for a device such as the iPad .
Bridging the gap between a laptop and a smartphone , the iPad aims to help bring ubiquitous computing to the masses .
All of us with iPhones or other multi - touch devices were ready to interact with a device such as the iPad .
The iPhone and other smartphones were great but you would never want to spend too much time browsing the internet with them I use my iPhone when I have a quick moment to check up on something , post or share small amounts of content , but I would never use it to do any kind of long term computing .
For work , the iPad is a dream .
Around my home - office I use the iPad as a device for managing all of my tasks within Things for iPad .
I can keep my tasks synced between my laptop so I know exactly what I have to accomplish for any project that I am working on wherever I am as long as I have my iPad .
I also will use my iPad to keep up with our conversations in Present.ly on a separate screen .
With the iPad , I ’ve replaced my laptop as my go - to device when I ’m not working and want to do some quick browsing or reading around my home .
My laptop functions as a desktop in my office .
I used to have to disconnect all my wires , grab my extra power brick , and drag that into the living room .
I certainly do n’t miss doing that anymore .
My laptop is now mainly for work and writing / composing heavy content and doing photo / video editing .
Portability with the iPad is a big win .
I now have a device that I can use anywhere without having to worry about lugging around my big 17 ″ laptop .
I have spoken at two conferences since buying my iPad and I love that I can work on my slides on my iPad using the Keynote application and even display my presentation to the audience with it .
Having a 3G iPad really opens up the places where I can stay connected and continue to work and keep up with everybody in my social circle .
As a developer , the iPad opens up a whole new world of possibilities .
The iPhone was a huge success for app developers around the world .
The iPad is already proving to be the same .
With so much real - estate , new user - interface elements to work with , and new ways that people interact with the device , the future is exciting .
Right now there are only about 4,000 - 5,000 iPad specific apps , which means there are so many great apps waiting to be created .
Apple truly has created something that has changed the mobile landscape .
Brendan Lim , Director of Mobile Development
Our incredibly talented designer , David Potsiadlo , talks about the bright future of the iPad , how it has affected his productivity , and shares his musings on how the iPad will change web design in general .
As both a designer and general web & tech enthusiast , the introduction of an iPad into my daily life has been a wholly terrific experience .
It ’s like that cliche saying , “ throwing a wrench in the gears ” , but the exact opposite : instead , it makes everything to do with the web that much more exciting .
This enthusiasm applies to tablet and touchscreen computing in general .
I am quite certain this has a tremendously bright future , as the overall joy of this new user experience is something special to behold .
As a designer , this is quite the exciting time .
A few weeks into the post - iPad world , I am most fascinated with the shift in UX context introduced by this new medium .
No longer can we assume users are either “ sitting at a desk ” or “ browsing on their phone . ”
The iPad falls somewhere in between , and now “ web view ” and “ mobile view ” will both need to reexamine themselves to account for this new user type .
We are also looking at a whole new world of interface interaction .
For example , websites whose UIs depend on hovering are in trouble , as this basic behavior is n’t possible without a mouse .
Will we see iPad specific versions of each website ?
I would n’t necessarily count on it .
Why not just make your standard website iPad friendly ?
Finally , from a designer productivity point of view , the iPad has been a pleasant surprise .
I ’ve found the iPad has almost entirely replaced my laptop ’s presence in my living room , but this has n’t stopped me from needing a quick outlet to get a design idea down in visual form .
The app Adobe Ideas ( free ) has some basic sketching capability which has allowed me to get some very basic wireframe ideas down quickly .
I can then email these to myself , and skip the whole would - be process of sketching on paper , not losing that paper , digitizing that paper ’s content , etc .
Overall , very excited about the floodgates this device has opened .
I am sure we will all be surprised how this will change things in the next year and beyond .
David Potsiadlo , Web Designer
Our QA Manager , Maggie Lubberts , talks about justifying the purchase and how the iPad assists her in task management .
When Steve Jobs announced the impending arrival of the iPad I began doing what many gadget geeks began doing : justifying .
If you have an iPhone , and you have a MacBook , why on earth do you need an iPad ?
It ’s a difficult question to answer ( especially when answering your spouse ) , and if I ’m honest , I knew I was being a tiny bit ridiculous when I bought it .
I could come up with a hundred different use case scenarios to justify my purchase ( what if my laptop AND my iPhone were malfunctioning … and I needed to check my checking account balance and play Settlers of Catan ?!? )
At the time I thought I was being a silly early adopter ( not the first time ) .
After using one for a few weeks though , I can honestly say that I still use it daily , it ’s my preferred method of accessing data online , and It has actually improved my workflow !
Many users have lamented over the lack of multitasking , but for me , this “ missing ” feature is a bonus all on its own .
Whenever I want to get something done , compose an extended email , read through a technical manual , or organize a daily to - do list without interruption I pick up the iPad .
I can complete a task , using the full depth of my attention , without being distracted by the million different social networks begging my attention at once .
There are n’t any notifications from Instant Messaging or Present.ly to get in the way , and I can work from start to finish on a task which is n’t often something I can do on my laptop .
I ’m in the business of QA , and it ’s been nice to be able to give feedback to developers based on an iPad ’s browsing experience ; but even beyond that , I ’ve started using it as an extension of my desktop .
I ’m constantly having to refer to lists , whether it ’s a to - do list of the different projects I need to handle throughout the day or a list of release notes or tickets filed in Unfuddle or Pivotal .
It ’s nice to be able to have my lists on the iPad , almost as if it were another display .
Since I work for the most part without an external monitor , the 13 inches of my laptop screen turns into pricey real - estate once I ’m logged into all the tools I need to use daily .
Being able to view a list of bugs on the iPad while verifying they ’ve actually been fixed on my laptop means I have to spend far less time using spaces to find my list in another browser window .
This has been a huge time - saver that I did n’t really expect , but have been genuinely enjoying .
Also , if you ’re someone who thrives on to - do lists , Things for the iPad is amazing .
It syncs wirelessly to your desktop list as well , and it has a super simple and incredibly user friendly interface for organization .
It feels better being able to check the items off on the iPad , and displaying the list throughout the day where I can see it has been endlessly useful .
I never reach for a pen and paper to jot down a note or an idea anymore ; I pick up the iPad and use Adobe ’s free “ Ideas ” app to sketch it out and then email it to myself .
I ca n’t lose an email as easily as I can a tiny note card , or a list scribbled on the back of an old envelope , and it keeps my lists / ideas accessible from the cloud at all times , so I ’m never caught without the information I need .
As long as I have the iPad with me , I can update the information as the need arises .
I ’m really excited to continue figuring out how the iPad can help me in my daily work life , and I ’m still learning all the ways it is useful in my non -work life as well .
My initial impression is this :
If you like using the internet , you ’ll like using an iPad .
It feels like my mouse and keyboard have only been in the way of my accessing the www up to this point , and getting them out of the equation has allowed me to connect with the content I love to browse in a whole new and immersive way .
Maggie Lubberts , QA Manager
All three Intrideans dote on the portability of the device , the ease of task management , and how the iPad has placed itself in their homes as a bridge between an iPhone ( which is too small to do any extended work on ) and a laptop ( which can be a beast to lug around all the time ) .
In the last month , I ’ve been watching people working on their iPads at bus stations , airports , restaurants , and coffee shops .
It ’s like the iPad was a device we never knew that we needed .
Until Apple gave it to us .
For those unaware , Dropbox.com is an online file storage service that gives users a free account to store up to 2GB of files .
As you install the client software on other systems , your files become instantly accessible , providing a very convenient way to share data between home , work , and mobile devices ( an official iPhone client was released on September 29 , 2009 ) .
You can pay for additional storage if 2GB is n’t enough , or you can refer others to Dropbox which will give you an additional 250 MB per user , up to an additional 8GB .
I ’ve been a Dropbox user since the fall of 2009 , when a coworker gave me a demo of how he used his account to synchronize files between a Linux and Windows system for doing web development .
I was instantly hooked , and found ways to integrate it into my own development environment .
What The Dropbox Android Client Has To Offer
I was in the right place at the right time when the Dropbox team announced via Twitter last Friday that the next 500 users headed to a sign up page would be added to the open beta of the official Dropbox client for the Android platform .
I was accepted and got my hands on the client v0.9 , which I am reviewing today .
Dropbox 's own beta review can be found at http://blog.dropbox.com/.
Introduction
When you start the app for the first time , you see a splash page ( image 1 ) , then prompted for your credentials , then you ’re immediately shown a list of your files .
You ’ll need to go into the application menu to access the help screens ( image 2 and 3 ) , or you can read a PDF file which Dropbox installs for you at the root level of your shared drive ( image 4 ) .
The help screens are well written and there ’s a tutorial video to watch that helps explain how to use Dropbox on multiple systems to share your data .
Browsing Files
As you scroll through your folders and files , Dropbox does a fine job of showing icons for common file extensions ( image 1 ) .
Holding down a tap on a folder has no effect ( image 2 ) – you are unable to rename , move , delete or create folders .
You will need a full client installed on another system to make any modifications to folders themselves .
A long tap on a file will prompt you for an action ( image 3 ) : open the file , or copy , Email or share a public URL link to the file .
Empty folders will announce themselves with a “ left intentionally blank ” notification ( image 4 ) .
You can refresh your current file list at any level by selecting the application menu and pressing the Refresh icon ( image 5 ) .
I created a new folder on my laptop which , you can see , appears at the top of my file listing ( image 6 ) as all file lists are first sorted by folders then files , each in alphabetical order .
Opening Files In Dropbox
It ’s important to note the main difference between a full Dropbox client and the mobile Dropbox client applications , such as the Android version : the mobile clients do not download all of your files .
Rather , they download them as you request them , or allow you to access a public URL to share via Email , SMS / text , etc. if you need to share something publicly .
When you long - tap a file , you are prompted with an action dialog ( image 1 ) where you can open the file or share a link to the file via public URL .
When you opt to open a file , the client connects to Dropbox ( image 2 ) , downloads a fresh copy of the file ( image 3 ) , and then prompts you for how you want to use the file ( image 4 ) .
Note that files are not cached on the device - a whole copy is downloaded every time you open a file .
In my case , opening a Jpeg graphic prompts me to use the Android Gallery app , or to view the image in ASTRO which I have installed .
PDF files ( image 5 ) prompt for a built - in PDF viewer or Quickoffice , music files are streamed into a built - in audio player ( not shown ) , and text files allow a few extra options ( image 6 ) .
If you select the Dropbox Text Editor , you are able to modify the file at your leisure ( image 7 ) .
It ’s also interesting ( to say the least ) to note that viewing a Word document ( .doc extension ) in Quickoffice will remove some of your formatting ( image 8 ) and does not allow you to edit the file .
Dropbox Settings Menu
The Settings menu can be accessed through the application menu ( image 1 ) .
I ’ve included two screenshots ( images 2 and 3 ) because the menu is just slightly longer than one full screen .
Some of the “ settings ” are just informative lines showing your username , disk usage , and the client application version .
The selectable settings allow you to unlink your Dropbox account ( presumably to switch to another account ) , watch a tutorial video about Dropbox , access the same help menu as the main application menu ’s
Help icon , an option to “ share ” a note about Dropbox with your phone contacts , and a feedback form .
Incidentally , the Dropbox client switches from portrait to landscape mode ( image 4 ) just fine in every screen I tested .
Uploading Files To Dropbox
It ’s all fine and good to retrieve your files , but how about adding the photos or music from your Android device back to your Dropbox account ?
From the application menu , you can select the Upload icon ( image 1 ) , and will be presented with an options dialog .
From here , you can take a new photo or record a new video and immediately send it to Dropbox , import existing photos and videos already on your microSD card , select an audio or media file , or upload a text file .
Taking a new photo ( image 2 ) or video will immediately switch to your default camera app – if you opt to record video and have additional video apps installed such as Qik or Ustream , you will be prompted whether to use the Android Camcorder app , or any other third - party app .
For still photos , once you take a photo and tap your Back button , you will immediately see your photo available within your Dropbox account , though depending on your bandwidth , it may take a few moments to fully upload and be available on your other Dropbox installations .
I ’m going to jump ahead on the upload menu for a moment , and show the audio upload options ( image 5 ) .
I chose the “ Select Music Track ” option , which generated a very long list of every audio file on my device .
I selected a rockin’ tune ( image 6 ) , tapped Ok , and immediately saw the file in my Dropbox file list ( image 7 ) .
Finally , uploading a text file seems broken in this version ( image 8 ) .
Finally , I wanted to note that the Import Pictures or Video option is currently broken in the v0.9 beta client :
When you select the Import Photos or Video option , you are taken to what appears to be your gallery browser , however nothing is drawn on my Nexus One device ( image 9 ) .
Tapping around the screen eventually showed some checkboxes and a secondary options menu along the bottom of the screen ( image 10 ) .
Selecting a checkbox and the More option shows a Details feature ( image 3 ) which reveals that the checkboxes are selecting entire albums on your device and will , presumably , show some additional information ( image 4 ) in a future release .
Selecting multiple albums and selecting the Share feature does absolutely nothing .
Overall , two upload bugs seem relatively minor for my personal use , as I tend to use the mobile client for accessing files I already have in my Dropbox account .
Conclusions And Availability
There are other Dropbox clients in the Android Market , such as an existing app named Dropbox , Droidbox ( Free and Pro ) and Droid Box .
However , the availability of a client app directly from the service provider gives a user comfort level , especially when having to enter user credentials for a third party service which may hold sensitive information .
I ’m excited to see a fully functional Dropbox app from their development team .
Their blog site indicates a full release will come in “ a few months . ”
I hope you enjoyed this review and will follow us on twitter ( @AndroidPolice ) and subscribe to our RSS feed .
The story of the ‘ Fish ’ pepper is about bee stings and black history , and a delicious hot white sauce .
All the ‘ Fish ’ peppers now sold by seed companies trace back to seed I shared many years ago through Seed Savers Exchange .
From my grandfather ’s little seed jar , this unique variegated - leaf pepper spread to the world of pepper aficionados and , because of its ornamental character , to landscape gardeners .
My grandfather acquired the seed in the 1940s from Horace Pippin , a black folk painter in West Chester , Pa. Mr. Pippin suffered from a war injury that he referred to as “ the miseries . ”
Because the miseries were of an arthritic nature , he would beg my grandfather to let him counter the pain with honeybee stings .
My grandfather ’s bee hives were his pride and joy , and the idea of killing bees ( honeybees die shortly after stinging ) in the name of an old wives ’ remedy did not sit well with him .
So to humor my grandfather and “ pay ” for the dead bees , Pippin would bring seeds , sometimes wonderfully rare varieties from old - time gardeners in his far - flung network of friends stretching from Philadelphia to Baltimore and beyond .
The ‘ Fish ’ peppers came from Baltimore , where they had been employed by black caterers to make white paprika for the cream sauces then popular with fish and shellfish cookery .
In terms of heat , they are like cayenne , but are more mellow when cooked .
The white pods were also used in soups where red peppers would have created a muddied appearance .
As far as Mr. Pippin could tell , these peppers had been in use since the 19th century , one of those secret heirloom ingredients that never showed up in cookbooks .
They were simply part of oral tradition .
Today , ‘ Fish ’ peppers are popular for their ornamental qualities and because the 2 - foot plants are easy to grow in containers .
The leaves , with their patches of white and gray - green , derive their unique appearance from the same recessive genes that cause albinism .
This results in a curious combination of striped pod colors , from white to red .
‘ Fish ’ peppers make perfect accent plants in the landscape .
Of course , they ’re also grown for cooking , and are perfect for drying into wonderful hot - hot chili powder .
- Advertisement -
Some seed companies are now selling “ off ” seeds , with leaves that are not multi-colored enough and pods of the wrong shape .
So stick to the sources listed in the Mother Earth News Seed and Plant Finder .
The pods should be short , pendant and pointed , ideally about 1 1 ⁄2 to 2 inches long .
Saving seed from ‘ Fish ’ peppers is both easy and complicated .
Seed must come from fully ripened fruit and from plants that are not growing near other Capsicum annuums ( common peppers such as bell peppers , cayennes , etc. ) .
The reason for the latter is that as insects and wind move pollen around , the recessive gene in ‘ Fish ’ peppers will spread to other peppers in the area .
So you may end up with variegated bell peppers and who knows what else !
Bokor resort Hotel / casino
The following description is from Mark M. :"
I went to Cambodia and one of the highlights of my trip was a night 's stay on Bokor Mountain to see the abandoned resort up there .
It was built by the French in the 20's and then expanded much later ( evidenced by some sleek and modern architecture ) , but was abandoned due to the war in the 70's and was used as a hold out for the Khmer Rouge for a while .
An important battle happened there , I believe .
The main building is intact , overlooking a dramatic cliff toward the distant ocean .
There are several other buildings including a catholic church , a casino , some homes .
" The following description comes straight out of wikipedia : " The town was built as a resort by the colonial French settlers to offer an escape from the humidity and general insanity of Phnom Penh .
The centrepiece of the resort was the grand Bokor Palace Hotel & Casino , complemented by shops , a post office , a church and the Royal Apartments .
It is also an important cultural site , showing how the colonial settlers spent their free time .
Now abandoned , most of the buildings are still standing .
The strategic importance of the location is underlined by the fact that the Cambodian authorities maintain a Ranger Station on the site .
" coordinates : 10°37'19.78 " N 104°01'34.61 " Epictures sources : 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13
A group of psychologists believe that emotional insecurity may actually be a survival advantage .
So now you can blame evolution for the fact that you 've never had a relationship last longer than six months .
Thanks , Charles Darwin !
Basically , there are two types of people in the world :
Those with " secure attachment styles , " also known as " suckers , " who believe the world is a fundamentally safe place , and those with " insecure attachment styles , " also known as " nutjobs , " who know the truth :
No one actually loves you , you do n't deserve success , and the world is out to get you .
Can you guess which one is better at staying in relationships ?
That 's right , the ones who are n't positive that their significant others secretly hate them and think they 're ugly .
But even if one type is better at being in a relationship , both types are apparently necessary for collective human survival :
Evolution would have favored a mix of these so - called attachment styles if mixed groups were more likely to survive than groups of only secure or only insecure individuals .
" Secure people have disadvantages , " experimental psychologist Tsachi Ein-Dor of the New School of Psychology in Herzliya , Israel , told LiveScience .
" They react slowly and then act slowly because they need to first get organized . "
In the study , Ein-Dor and his colleagues placed subjects in mixed groups in a room together and then " simulated a fire " by starting a smoke machine .
Those with " secure attachment styles , " fundamentally trustful of the world , tried to befriend the smoke .
Those with " insecure attachment styles " were convinced the smoke was cheating on them .
( Actually , the " insecure attachment style " types just noticed the smoke more quickly , and were more likely to leave the room . )
To better illustrate the difference between attachment styles , let 's see what the typical reaction to this study from each group would be :
Secure Attachment Style : " Hmm , how interesting !
I 'm glad all types of people are able to work together to better our collective chances of survival . "
Insecure Attachment Style : " I knew I was right to be anxious about Karen . "
[ LiveScience ]
When a mouse catches a whiff of a cat or a rat , it cautiously steps away from the direction of the scent , generally backward so it can keep an eye on the predator .
Then it stands on tiptoe , ears perked up , ready to make a dash if need be .
Researchers report that what triggers this fear is the scent of urinary proteins excreted by the predators .
The scents are picked up by neurons in the vomeronasal organ inside the mouse ’s nose .
Previously , the communication of information to one species through the excretion of a chemical from another was only fully understood in insects , said Lisa Stowers , a researcher at the Scripps Research Institute in California who led the study .
In their research , Dr. Stowers and her colleagues first identified the urinary proteins as the source of fear for the mice .
Then , they disabled the vomeronasal organs of lab mice and placed the mice in a cage with a live but anesthetized rat .
Rather than expressing fear and caution as they typically would , the mice instead showed no signs of being scared .
My subversive attempts to do something useful .
The rotary piston array ( RPA ) is the possibly most compact and most elegant machine to transform the volumetric change of gas into shaft work and vice versa .
It can be used as pneumatic motor , steam engine , gas compressor , vacuum pump and the like , but also as part of new heat or combustion engines which  like the Stirling engine  open new ways to harvest renewable energy .
Other possible uses are refrigeration and air - conditioning .
The idea has been overlooked for at least 110 years , as some old patents indicate , and it seems to have been reinvented several times ( e.g. DE131392 , DE19738132 , FR1199521 , US2410341 ) .
The earliest patent I know of is by Adolf Wünsche from 1901 .
The machine comprises an array of equally shaped twisted rotors with parallel axes .
The rotors constitute the walls of sealed cavities or working chambers , which move axially from one end of the array to the other in response to synchronized rotor rotation .
The cavities may change their volume during their travel and thereby compress or expand the air enclosed .
The rotors do not touch one another to avoid wear and friction , but the gaps are narrow enough to keep the loss of gas neglectable above a certain rotational speed .
Below is a simple RPA air compressor with six rotors shown in three different sections .
Note how the cavities develop and move and change their volume and finally vanish .
One of my own contributions is the synchronization mechanism shown below , the synchronization rings .
The rings roll on one another with very low friction .
The picture does also show one of my other inventions , namely the rotating valves where the air bubbles emerge .
They ensure optimal sealing while being robust against the thermal dilatation of machine parts .
The RPA can be used in several ways to convert temperature differences into electricity .
A not so straightforward technology is the following Brayton cycle heat engine with two RPA's , which uses atmospheric air as a working fluid .
This will work even in situations when conventional steam technology fails or does not pay .
The machine is analogous to a jet engine , but the compressor and expander turbines are replaced by RPA's , and the burner is replaced by a long subsea tube , which constitutes a heat exchanger in the sea water .
Compared with a turbine , the RPA has fewer and less complex parts .
The machine will run in both directions , when the air is warmer than the water , but also when it is colder .
Depending on location and season , one may often observe temperature differences of 5 to 15 K or more .
Under such conditions , the conversion efficiency is only a few percent .
But on the other hand , the amount of heat contained in the sea and the atmosphere is so huge , that these few percent can be a lot , and the energy is for free .
The machine will be profitable if tubes are cheap enough .
A Stirling engine of given power is the larger , the smaller the temperature difference is .
And it needs to be large as a whole , with large pistons and cylinders and everything .
Perhaps too large and expensive for this application .
And it would need some extra device to extract the heat from the water .
In contrast , the only thing that becomes large in the RPA machine is the heat exchanger tube , which also collects the heat .
A great advantage .
The RPA heat engine may also be useful to recover waste heat from all kinds of industrial processes .
The almost same RPA heat engine as the one above can convert solar radiation into electricity .
Just the heat exchanger is replaced by an absorber tube , onto which the sunlight is concentrated by a parabolic through .
This is a Stirling engine based on the RPA .
The middle sections of the rotors are inside an oven , they are hot .
The ends of the rotors are outside and cold .
The transparently shown rotors can , but do n't need to be made of fused quartz .
Fused quartz has almost no thermal expansion .
The rotors are actually hollow , squashed tubes .
Between the rotors there is air enclosed .
When the rotors orbit , the enclosed air oscillates between the hot and the cold sections , and it is also being compressed and expanded .
It performs a Stirling process and generates useful power .
The novel design overcomes a grave drawback of conventional Stirling engines , namely the inefficient heat transfer to and from the working gas by conduction in heat exchangers .
The RPA does not have this problem , because it transports heat by intermediately storing it on its moving surfaces , which alternatingly are in contact both with the working gas and then with the surrounding atmosphere .
The materials to be used are no longer required to be good heat conductors , but can instead be better at withstanding high temperatures , which in turn allows achieving better thermal efficiencies with the machine .
Moreover , one can expect that power control is easier .
The Rotary Stirling Engine is compact and light .
Its gearings can be made with a 3D milling machine , and so can the moulds for the rotors .
More information is in the documents below .
Patents are pending .
Stirlingmotor_mit_umlaufenden_Drehkolben.pdf ( German ) ...
Drehkolben-Stirlingmotor_mit_dynamischer_Abdichtung_und_dynamischer_Aufladung.pdf ( German ) ...
Ofen_fuer_einen_Drehkolben-Stirlingmotor.pdf ( German ) ...
This is a wave - driven drainage pump with no moving parts .
It can cheaply be made of concrete and may be useful where the sea level is rising .
The shown device pumps rain water from below sea level ( small waves ) into the sea ( big waves ) .
The left side is an OWC - type wave chamber whose oscillating air pressure drives the cascade of artesian wells on the right side .
Given enough basins and a large wave chamber , the water can , in principle , climb to any height .
Together with a water turbine , the wave pump can be used for electric power generation .
The higher the water is pumped , the smaller the turbine can be .
This is an advantage over other wave power technologies such as the tapered channel , which can elevate the water only to a limited height .
Another advantage is that the wave pump may elevate freshwater , in a closed loop , which is less corrosive to the turbine than sea water .
More information is in the documents below .
Patent is pending .
Wellenpumpe.pdf ( German ) ...
Wellenpumpe_mit_nichtlinearem_Luftspeicher.pdf ( German ) ...
Below a picture from testing a protype :
Here is a video :
wpum_209.mov ( 37 MB , QuickTime , best ) ...
wpum_209.avi ( 25 MB , Windows Media ) ...
wpum_209.mpg ( 8.4 MB , small ) ...
I have tested a wave pump prototype at the Hydraulics and Maritime Research Centre ( HMRC ) in Cork , Ireland , under MARINET funding .
A detailed report is here :
Wave_Pump_Optimization_Study.pdf ...
Below are some pictures .
My latest designs look like this :
Unlike most other heat engines , this one has no compressor and no expander .
Its thermodynamic cycle consists of two isochoric and three isobaric steps .
One advantage is that the working fluid is not constrained to be a gas , but it can also be a liquid , or even a solid .
It can , for example , directly use the hot water in a geothermal borehole as its working fluid .
Its basic component is a special pump that allows an efficient heat transfer to and from the working fluid while the fluid is enclosed in the pump at a constant volume .
The pump can be a simple gear pump with thin heat conducting walls .
Two of these pumps ( 1 , 2 ) are coupled mechanically as well as thermally .
One pump ( 2 ) is slightly bigger than the other ( 1 ) .
The bigger pump pumps a slightly bigger volume of fluid than the smaller pump , and it generates a slightly bigger torque under the same pressure difference so that it will drive the smaller pump .
Both pumps are split into a large number of layers that are alternatingly arranged with a lot of heat conducting walls between .
The other components are heat exchangers .
The pumps perform the isochoric steps ( A , C ) of the thermodynamic cycle whereas the heat exchangers do the isobaric steps ( R , B , D ) .
The following diagrams show the flows of heat and working fuid .
Pump C must get rid of a slightly bigger amout of heat than pump A can absorb , the difference is put into the recuperator R .
The other two heat exchangers B and D exchange heat with the outer world .
The working fluid does , of course , change its volume during the process , because otherwise the engine would not be able to do any work .
But the change of volume takes place between the two slightly different pumps , not in a compressor or expander device .
The change of volume moreover takes place outside the pumps , for example in a kilometer - long borehole B , which allows for working fluids with a relatively small thermal dilatation such as water .
With gear pumps , the proposed heat engine can easily be constructed of laser - cutted plates .
The animation below shows the plan .
The red plates are heat conducters that consist of pure copper , the grey plates are heat isolaters that consist of ceramics .
The blue tubes represent the heat exchangers B and D , which should in reality be much longer , of course .
However , the proposed heat engine can better be constructed with the rotary piston array as pumps , which can efficiently transfer heat between neighbouring working chambers on the rotor surfaces .
But it also saves weight and space and the expensive copper plates .
The rotors are twisted at a constant pich to avoid compression .
Below , the letters indicate the usage of the working chambers .
The next example shows the same heat engine with a solid working fluid , a tensioned steel wire , and cable pulleys serve as pumps .
The two middle pulleys A and C are mechanically and thermally coupled and have slightly different diameters .
Heat and cold , respectively , are applied at the heat exchangers B and D , the wire that is wound many times between the double pulleys .
Heat can be applied with a flame , for example .
Different temperatures at B and D will change the tensions there , and the relaxation of these drives the machine .
The arrows show the directions in which the wire moves .
More information is in the document below .
Patent is pending .
Waermekraftmaschine.pdf ( German ) ...
BTW - this engine can be used as a cooling pump that is driven by the heat difference to be cooled down , e.g. with cooling water as a working fluid ... and with no electricity needed ...
Fukushima would have not exploded if there had been such cooling pumps ...
A less scientific invention .
But helps to avoid paying money to rich land owners when traveling .
The portable tent platform makes it possible to build a tent well above humpy or sloping ground , especially when traveling with a car and off the designated campsites .
Together with an ordinary camping tent it constitutes a cheap and space - saving alternative to a campmobile , or even to a roof tent .
It can be packed densely enough to be kept in the narrow cellar of a city apartment .
The tent platform is being assembled from multiple parts , which are carried in a frame on the car roof .
The assembly takes only a few minutes .
The tent platform has height - adjustable feet .
Unevenness , water , dirt and bugs are being kept under and outside the tent .
The tent platform has multiple extensions to fasten the tent on , which make it unnecessary to drive tent pegs into the ground .
Erecting the tent becomes easy even on hard ground such as rock or asphalt .
The tent platform can be manufactured in any better carpenter 's workshop or furniture factory .
It is made of varnished plywood and a few standard screws .
Read more ( German ) ...
The Real Results series is supported by Gist , an online service that helps you build stronger relationships .
By connecting your inbox to the web , you get business - critical information about key people and companies .
See how it works here .
Journalists are , by nature , crafty folk who are wonderfully adept at stalking — I mean , finding sources and relevant information for various and sundry stories .
Well , the advent of social media has made the process of reporting all the more nuanced , and has served as a vital channel for everything from finding leads to contacting sources to sharing and furthering one 's brand .
Still , as the Internet continues to expand , it can be difficult to pick and choose which tools are right for you as a journalist — it can be daunting to litter one 's desktop with Twitter applications , social networks , location - based tools and blogs .
At times , it 's tempting to throw one 's laptop into the sea and return to the days of notepads and typewriters .
Still , if one can manage to circumvent the information overload and pick and choose which tools are most effective for which purposes , social media can be an extremely effective .
Mashable spoke with an array of journalists and industry folks to see how they 're using social media in their day - to - day work .
Here 's what we dug up .
Finding Leads , Noticing Trends
The Internet is , in essence , a huge hive of simultaneous conversation that reflects the populace 's pressing concerns — from health care reform to this week 's episode of Glee .
Therefore , it can be quite difficult to cut through the static and put one 's finger on the pulse of the story .
That 's where social media comes in : Tools such as Facebook and Twitter serve as excellent filters for the masses of information circulating on the web .
Aaron Lazenby , DJ for Pirate Cat Radio , was scanning Twitter one night last year when he noticed #iranelection trending .
Curious , he clicked on the hashtag , and started poring over the flood of tweets about the " stolen " election .
Lazenby became fascinated with the situation , and stayed up all night talking with people in Iran and reading up on the subject .
The next day , he was hanging out with a Pulitzer Prize - winning AP reporter who was completely unaware of what was going on in Iran — news of the protests had not reached the mainstream news .
Lazenby seized the opportunity to tell the story .
He contacted one of his Twitter sources , who agreed to do an interview over Skype for Lazenby 's radio show .
The interview , in turn , was picked up by CNN's iReport , a citizen journalism portal .
" Our interactions on Twitter built enough trust between us where he was comfortable talking to me and I was comfortable using him as a source , " Lazenby says .
" Reading through tweet histories really can give you a good idea if the person is for real or not .
I think that was critical for us getting the interview done , " he says .
Brian Dresher , manager of social media and digital partnerships at USA TODAY , agrees that Twitter is an excellent source for journalists looking for leads .
In fact , throughout 2009 , he conducted bi-weekly training sessions with the paper 's journalists in order to teach them how best to use the microblogging site .
" I think the most vital [ aspect of the ] tool is the engagement with the audience , " he says .
" To not participate in conversations that are taking place or to avoid monitoring trends is going to result in lost opportunities .
[ By keeping up with Twitter ] , journalists are able to take a trend they first spot on Twitter and the real - time Internet and continue to develop it in more detail . "
Dresher remembers one such journalist , Kitty Bean Yancey , who was able to write a comprehensive story about hotel price gouging by turning to Twitter .
After a huge snow storm last year , Yancey entered the terms " snow " and " hotel " into search and came up with scores of tweets in which people were complaining about hotels doubling their prices for snowbound guests who had to stay another night .
Although many journalists swear by Twitter as a method of spotting and filtering out trends , Facebook can also function as a reporting tool .
Elliot Volkman , grad student and Play This Magazine founder , has been using Facebook as a source since his undergrad days at Georgia Southern University .
After a friend told Volkman about the sorry state of a local apartment complex in which several students resided — her roommate fell through the floor of the living room — she sent him several pictures via Facebook depicting the run-down condition of the building .
Volkman also used Facebook to find more residents of the building , along with various groups dedicated to the apartment complex .
Word spread that he was writing a story for the campus newspaper , and more residents — and two employees — sent him photos and information via Facebook .
Volkman won a journalism award from the Georgia College Press Association for his efforts , and prompted the building to shell out more than $ 20,000 in repair fees .
" I did a lot of my information gathering via social networking sites .
I would not have been able to do so without them , " he says .
Finding Sources
There are more ways than ever to get in touch with sources — from Facebook to Twitter to MySpace to e-mail to good old - fashioned phone calls .
Still , it can be difficult to find the right sources for your particular story when there are so many people out there and so many channels to go through .
Facebook , obviously , is an excellent resource for finding sources .
With more than 400 million people searchable by name , occupation , network , etc , Facebook is like modern - day phonebook — just with more photos and biographical details .
Tracy Swartz , a writer for Chicago 's RedEye paper who reports on the transit system , uses Facebook to communicate with bus drivers .
These city employees friended her on Facebook so that they could send her information about city transportation — which has been in flux as of late — without leaving an e-mail trail .
Lauren McCullough , social networks and news engagement manager for The Associated Press , can also attest to the importance of Facebook when looking for sources .
" Virginia Tech was sort of a pivotal moment for the AP and social networks , because that news event tied so closely to Facebook because it was on a college campus , " she says , referring to the shooting that occurred there in 2007 .
" At that point , Facebook was still very heavily used by students .
There were a lot of instances where we were looking on Facebook to find information , to identify possible people who had been affected by what had happened .
So this was a moment where the company realized , ' Wow , these networks have some purpose . '
Since 2007 , it has been an important part of our newsgathering process . "
Crowdsourcing
Hand - in - hand with sourcing comes crowdsourcing .
In addition to talking with specific sources via Facebook , Swartz also reaches out to a wider web of people via Twitter — i.e. , her readers .
" Everybody knows about their own commute best , so they 'll be the ones who will tell me if the sign is wrong on the number 151 bus or the Orange Line should be arriving at this time , but it 's not , " she says .
She 's also one of the few journalists that we spoke to who has figured out how to use Foursquare to her advantage ; she scours the tips linked to checkins at certain stations to find out about fare jumpers and building conditions .
McCullough also testifies to the importance of crowdsourcing in the newsgathering process .
" There are a lot of famous AP photos of news events that were not taken by AP photographers , but were taken by just average people , " she says .
" When the [ US Airways flight 1549 ] crashed into the Hudson River , I very quickly was on Twitter and Facebook and Flickr and YouTube and very quickly stumbled on Janis Krum 's iconic photo and began a process to get in touch with him and to find out where he was and where he had taken the photo and whether it was something that we could distribute . "
Now , thanks to Twitter and McCullough 's efforts , that photo has become an exemplary piece of citizen journalism .
Crowdsourcing does n't always have to be about breaking news or investigative intrigue , however , it can also serve as a creative way to tell a story .
Susanna Speier , a writer for The Huffington Post , employs an interesting brand of crowdsourcing in order to pen Politiku , a column that deals with current and political events and includes a collection of crowdsourced haikus .
After coming up with a topic for her column — either via gauging the cultural zeitgeist or seeing what friends are chatting about on Facebook and Twitter — Speier reaches out to people via calls for submission on her blog , Twitter or Facebook , or by using resources like HARO .
HARO , or Help a Reporter Out , is a website that helps sources and reporters connect .
It started out as a Facebook group , but soon grew too big for the social networking site — according to founder Peter Shankman , more than 50,000 journalists use the site .
Speier also delves into her friends ' networks to find potential poets .
For example , she found one poet to contribute to a column she wrote about Supreme Court Justice David Souter 's retirement and his replacement , Sonia Sotomayor . " [ I approached ] a conservative attorney who I had never met and was not in my [ Facebook ] network , " she explains .
" I saw that he had organized a New York - based attorney networking group on Facebook and figured he would therefore be an interesting candidate , " she says .
This was contributor Ron Coleman 's addition to the story : " Do judges feel things ? / Marshall , Holmes , Hand , Brandeis , Hand .../ Do feelings judge things ? "
Giving the Voiceless a Voice
Crowdsourcing can also be extremely important in situations in which you 're dealing with subjects who lack the power to speak out for themselves .
By now , most of us have heard of James Karl Buck , a graduate student from the University of California - Berkeley , who was arrested along with his translator , Mohammed Maree in Mahalla , Egypt , while covering an anti-government protest in 2008 .
Buck was able to call attention to his plight by simply tweeting the word " arrested , " which alerted his followers to his situation and prompted Hossam el - Hamalawy , a blogger from UC - Berkeley , to cover Buck 's Twitter updates on his own blog .
Buck 's tweet led his university to hire a lawyer for the boy , helping extricate him from prison .
" I 'm not naturally a social media or technology junkie , " Buck says .
" I do n't always know what 's newest or jump on the newest thing .
I went to Egypt to report on the press there and I found out that the major newspapers and journalists were really restricted in what they could publish , so a lot of what was the more daring journalism was really coming from the blogs . "
While in Egypt , Buck used Twitter to find out where protests were going down .
" That was how people were telling people what was going on , " he says .
" Kind of like in an old newsroom , an AP wire coming in over the printer , telling you what was happening . "
And , in the same way that el - Hamalawy was able to alert readers to Buck 's situation by sharing his tweets via his blog , Egyptian citizens were also able to make their troubles known via the microblogging site and the journalists who followed their tweets .
" Twitter gives voice to people who would n't otherwise be able to be heard , " Buck says .
( This is assuming , of course , the government in question does not block the usage of such sites . )
" More people around the world have access to a cellphone than they do to a computer , much less than to a politician with a sympathetic ear or a legitimate vote or to a reporter that will report their stories .
Rather than sending a reporter who may not be trained in a given language or issue to ask people what they 're thinking , people can directly tell you what they 're thinking . "
Along the same lines , YouTube became an amazing resource during the protests following the Iranian elections back in June .
Olivia Ma , news manager at the video - sharing site , recalls seeing thousands of videos being uploaded to the site depicting upheaval in the streets , clashes between dissenters and police , as well as gruesome killings .
" Not only did we see hundreds of these videos being uploaded to the site , we also saw many copies being made , " she adds .
" So there was almost this ecosystem of videos that were being shared among social networks .
And what we found is that people were adding things into the descriptions of their videos saying things like , ' Share this with your friends — you are the media . '
People wanted these copies of these videos to be spread as far as possible because they wanted the word to get out about what was happening inside of the country . "
" Because journalists have been banned from operating inside Iran , these videos are providing the only window into what 's really happening there , " Ma says .
And after more and more media channels out of Iran came to be blocked in the wake of the protests , Ma says people in the embattled country started sending videos to friends and family abroad , who uploaded the footage to the sites themselves .
One of YouTube 's most recent initiatives , YouTube Direct , speaks to this burgeoning realm of citizen reporting .
YouTube Direct , according to the blog , is " a new tool that allows media organizations to request , review and rebroadcast YouTube clips directly from YouTube users . "
Several news outlets such as NPR , The Washington Post and ABC News have started using this tool , which launched in version one back in November .
Although some journalists may be reticent to give over a measure of power to their sources , such down - and - dirty footage and information can be invaluable in telling a multifaceted , accurate story .
Sharing / Vetting Stories
Yes , social media is an excellent tool for getting a story , but it can also be a wonderful way to share and expand upon your work .
After all , we have the luxury in this Internet - driven world to edit our thoughts almost instantly , so it behooves us to take advantage of the great fact - checker that is our public .
Brian Stelter , a reporter for The New York Times , uses both Twitter and his blog to get the word out about his articles .
" The best way for me to do it is to write a rough draft of a story , put it on one of our blogs , tweet about that rough draft , ask people for feedback , ask them for questions and comments , and then improve my story based on what they say before it gets into print , " he says .
Stelter stresses that his stories do not change drastically after such efforts — but he can improve them subtly .
One should still strive to get the facts as straight as possible before presenting them to one 's readers .
For example , last month Stelter broke the news that Hulu was losing The Daily Show and the Colbert Report .
He posted a rough draft of his story online , and was able to gather reader opinions and add a paragraph to the final story detailing what people thought .
" It would be hard to survey random readers about that information in the hour that I had to improve the story .
But thanks to Twitter and Facebook and other websites , I was able to tap into reader opinions and I was able to subtlety improve the story , " he says .
As for sharing stories , if you 're a reader of Mashable , you probably already know that we share our stories widely via Facebook , Twitter and Google Buzz .
Individual writers will also share stories on their blogs and to their Twitter followers , meaning that our stories reach a much more diverse and far - reaching audience than just the readers of our blog .
While we take such sharing for granted — being a website focused on social and digital media — we understand that other publications are just learning to use such channels of communication .
" This stuff is second nature to the Mashables and the Gawkers of the world , " Stelter says .
" It 's a little less natural for The New York Times , but it 's getting more natural and reporters are getting more comfortable doing it . "
When you share your stories online , you have the ability to reach far more people than , say , your magazine 's 50,000 subscribers .
You can also get a discussion going by asking questions on Facebook or Twitter .
In this way , you can gauge how your readers are reacting to your stories and get a sense of what they like — and do n't like — about your coverage .
Creating Communities / Branding
Branding .
It 's a word that sends shivers down the spine of many a serious journalist .
Well , let us recast how we see the word for a spell and think of it rather as connecting to your community and establishing yourself as an expert in your field .
Social media , naturally , is a wonderful resource for making connections with your readers and really cementing your brand .
The RedEye has been extremely successful with reaching out to readers and creating a community .
According to Steph Yiu , the web editor for RedEye , the publication utilizes everything from Facebook to Google Wave to make connections .
They also have tweet - ups with readers and a special social media posse called RedEye Royalty , made up of particularly active readers .
There readers get access to their own blog , special Twitter badges and a whole community of engaged readers .
Their thoughts are also often printed in the paper itself .
" Our reader community talks to us as if we were their friends — more so than with other newspapers , because we do n't have that barrier to entry , " Yiu says .
" We really try to interact with our audience and build a connection and relationship with them . "
Similarly , Francesca Stabile , the social media coordinator for the Village Voice , uses Twitter to connect with her readers .
Among other things , Stabile runs the @VoiceStreet account , which serves as a connection between the publication and its Street Team .
She mostly uses the account to promote shows , openings and other happenings in the city .
Still , instead of just alerting people to these events , Stabile really tries to engage with her followers .
" I am really trying to target a much younger group of people and have them consider us a source for these things , especially if they are n’t picking up a physical copy of the Voice , " she says .
" I would like to think that people follow [ my feed ] for more of a conversation — if they like something I tweet about , they can start a dialogue with me , and I ’m more than happy to engage in that dialogue . "
Stabile went about building up her following in a rather interesting manner .
" My method was to find the cultural tastemakers on Twitter , and just try to make them involve me in their conversations , " she says .
" A lot of those people were bloggers and show - goers , and it took a little while , but eventually people began to realize I knew what I was talking about when I suggested shows , and that I was linking to cool things like free food and cheap events and funny articles .
I got a lot of people who were surprised that the Voice was following them , and I got a lot of people that were confused why I was so personal and opinionated on things , but I think people have grown to like that about me . "
Moving Forward
Now that you 've heard how these various journalists utilize social media , you 're probably feeling a little overwhelmed .
Well , take a deep breath .
According to Sree Sreenivasan , dean of student affairs at Columbia Journalism School , " Things should fit into your work flow and your life flow . "
Even Sreenivasan , who calls himself a technology evangelist / skeptic , does n't use every social media tool on the block .
" I am an early tester , late adopter of technology , and I believe everyone in journalism should think about being that .
Test it , understand it , know what it can do , and then use it when you are ready , " he says .
Rich Gordon , director of digital innovation at the Medill School of Journalism at Northwestern University , for his part stresses the importance of sticking to the tried and true tenants of journalism .
One could hypothetically report a story from the comfort of one 's living room , but diverse stories still require boot leather .
" If everyone types a term into Google , everyone 's going to get the same top 10 results , " he says .
Therefore , he would advise journos to use social media as a tool — but not a wholesale toolbox .
So , fellow muckrackers and pavement - pounders , we advise you to take these pearls and anecdotes and do with them what you will , and if you have your own tales of journalistic artistry , let us know in the comments .
( We 're totally going to crowdsource the hell out of you . )
Disclosure : Lauren McCullough is married to Mashable Associate Features Editor Matt Silverman .
Series supported by Gist
Gist helps you build stronger professional relationships by bringing together information from across the web for all your contacts and their companies giving you the right information at the right moment to get a first meeting , deliver an amazing pitch , or just find a better way to make a connection .
Gist does all the work for you , assembling a dynamic collection of all your contacts and their companies from your email inbox , your social networks , or even your CRM system automatically building and updating their profiles as new content is published – by them or about them .
For more social media coverage , follow Mashable Social Media on Twitter or become a fan on Facebook
[img credit : r3v || cls , The TruthAbout ...'s ]
Are you an attorney licensed to practice law in the United States ?
If you are , EFF needs your help to fight spam-igation .
The U.S. Copyright Group has quietly targeted 50,000 Bit Torrent users for legal action in federal court in Washington DC .
The defendants , all Does , are accused of having downloaded independent films such as " Far Cry , " " Steam Experiment , " and " Uncross the Stars " without authorization .
U.S. Copyright Group has recently announced that it will also be targeting unauthorized downloaders of the film " Hurt Locker . "
News reports suggest that the attorneys bringing these suits are not affiliated with any major entertainment companies , but are instead intent on building a lucrative business model built from collecting settlements from the largest possible set of individual defendants .
The lawsuits proceed similarly to the RIAA lawsuits against unauthorized music downloaders : US Copyright Group files a copyright infringement suit in federal court in Washington DC , against thousands of Does , identified by IP address .
Then it presents ISP's with the list of IP's and dates and subpoenas the billing address of the user who had that IP at that date .
The ISP 's then contact then contact their customers , inform them of the subpoena , and give them an opportunity to file a motion to quash .
In the event that no motion to quash is filed , the ISP gives up the identity of the user .
US Copyright Group 's attorneys then contact the user and offer a settlement , usually starting at $ 2500 .
EFF is seeking as many attorneys as possible to advise the targets of these lawsuits and , where appropriate , file motions to quash .
Respondents ' contact information would be added to a website that will act as a resource for the targets of these lawsuits .
If interested , please contact Rebecca Reagan at rsreagan@eff.org with your contact information or the contact information for your firm , and the states in which you are licensed to practice law .
The July issue of Wani Books ' Comic
Gum magazine is announcing on Wednesday that Azure Konno 's Koe de Oshigoto !
manga is getting adapted into anime .
The story follows a high school girl named Kanna Aoyagi who becomes a voice actress for adult games .
More details will be provided in the next issue of Comic Gum magazine .
The manga has been running in Comic Gum since 2008 , and the fourth volume will ship in July .
The limited edition of the fourth volume will bundle a DVD with a picture movie ( a series of still pictures set to music and dialogue ) by the musical artist duo MOSAIC .
WAV .
( The picture drama is separate from the upcoming anime adaptation . )
[ Via Moon Phase ]
Update : More background and story information added .
CHICAGO – Talib Kweli named his second solo album “ The Beautiful Struggle ” and that ’s what it looked like when hundreds of high school students rallied May 5 , protesting teacher layoffs and program cuts to public schools .
Students of all hues , schools and neighborhoods peacefully marched , ran and skipped to the State of Illinois Thompson Center to protest the massive cuts caused by state lawmakers ’ inability to solve a huge budget crisis .
“ You cut , we cut ” one handmade sign read .
Close to 1,000 students , mainly from Whitney Young High School , walked out of their classrooms , at 10:20 a.m. for the downtown rally .
Chanting “ Save our schools , ” the 14 - to 18 - year - olds took to the streets .
“ We are speaking out for a unified Chicago student body , ” said one student speaker .
The state budget cuts mean :
• 20,000 teachers and staff laid - off statewide ,
• 37 students per classroom ,
• no sophomore sports ,
• cuts to programs including after - school , summer , full - day kindergarten , magnet , Montessori , charters and International Baccalaureate .
First Lady Michelle Obama graduated from Whitney Young , a magnet school considered to be one of the best public schools Chicago has to offer .
Two weeks ago , one - fifth of its teaching staff received pink slips .
Freshman Mia Espivo said , “ With 37 [ in a class ] , it ’ll be loud , crowded and hot .
And the less we will want to learn . ”
Students were also outraged by the 51 percent dropout rate in Chicago Public Schools .
“ Where ’s our bailout ? ” they chanted .
Outside the state office building , they turned the plaza ’s benches into a makeshift platform and spoke from a bullhorn .
“ I wrote this last night , ” said Whitney Young ’s Hilario , pulling a folded up piece of notebook paper from his pocket .
Shaking it out , he began , “ Nelson Mandela once said , ‘ Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate .
Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure . ' ”
That power surged through the crowd .
Students said their collective and unified voice made them strong .
Another student took the bullhorn and asked for a moment of silence for all the young murder victims across the city .
The rally fell silent .
“ Chicago is the murder capital of the world , but look at us , we are united , ” the student said , referring to the horrific number of young people killed in the last years by shootings .
Organizer Diana Rosen made it clear the city administration and school did not support the students ’ action , although , she said , they supported their right to organize .
The students knew there would be a consequence for walking out of class .
“ And we ’ll all be going to Saturday school , right ? ” Rosen asked the crowd .
( Having to go to school on Saturday was the punishment for cutting classes , students said . )
“ Saturday school !
Saturday school ! ” they cheered .
Whitney Young student Nico Segal played a bluesy - jazz version of the “ Star Spangled Banner ” on his trumpet .
It was reminiscent of another generation with Jimi Hendrix galvanizing take on the national anthem .
Yet this rally had all the markings of a new generation coming of age and forced to fight for the future .
With cell phones in hand , the protest en masse called the governor ’s office after his Springfield office number was read aloud .
One girl got through .
She reported , “ The woman said it was too loud .
She could n’t hear what I was saying .
But she heard the youth of Chicago , united ! ”
Musician Segal put it this way : “ Something needs to be said about the youth .
Such a diverse crowd coming together .
This is what democracy looks like . ”
As the students began to leave and return to school , another demonstration began to march on the state ’s massive office building .
This one was for mental health funding .
The budget crisis makes for a busy spring and a hard , difficult , yet “ beautiful struggle . ”
Photo : Whitney Young student Hilario speaks through a bullhorn to some 1,000 CPS students at the state of Illinois building in Chicago on May 5 . ( PW )
But the Northwest pilots were on their laptops , Mr. Babbitt said , doing work unrelated to the flight , a prohibited activity .
“ It does n’t have anything to do with automation , ” he said .
“ Any opportunity for distraction does n’t have any business in the cockpit .
Your focus should be on flying the airplane . ”
Automation is generally considered a positive development in aviation safety because it reduces pilot workload and eliminates errors in calculation and navigation .
“ The introduction of automation did good things , ” said Key Dismukes , chief scientist for aerospace human factors at NASA .
But it changed the essential nature of the pilot ’s role in the cockpit .
“ Now the pilot is a manager , which is good , and a monitor , which is not so good . ”
Hugh Schoelzel , the vice president of safety at Trans World Airlines — a carrier acquired by American Airlines in 2001 — said most pilots had at one time or another lost track of where they were in flight .
“ Anyone who says they have n’t is either being disingenuous , or has n’t been paying attention , ” he said .
The episode in which the returning captain had to act quickly to save the airliner from a near stall was discovered by the Commercial Aviation Safety Team , an airline industry group , as it reviewed thousands of reports filed by pilots to NASA ’s Aviation Safety Reporting System to see if automation caused pilots to mishandle problems or to become confused or distracted .
The group ’s study , which ran from 2005 to 2008 , highlighted 50 events in the five years prior to 2005 .
In 16 of them , the pilots ’ failure to monitor the automation or the location of the aircraft was cited .
Image Frank Chapman , a test pilot , before the control panel in the cockpit of an Airbus A380 superjumbo jet in Frankfurt .
Credit ...
Thomas Lohnes / Agence France - Presse — Getty Images
“ I ’m inclined to say it ’s the very reliability of something that takes us out of the loop , ” said Mr. Dismukes , who has written about the effects of automation on safety .
“ You may know , ‘ Never turn your back , always check , ’ and people may have that intention .
But it ’s hard to maintain that in practice when you ’re not physically controlling the aircraft . ”
Finding the balance between too much technology and too little is crucial , according to William B. Rouse , an engineering and computing professor at the Georgia Institute of Technology .
“ Complacency is an issue , but designing the interaction between human and technical so the human has the right level of judgment when you need them is a design task in itself , ” Mr. Rouse said .
“ When the person has no role in the task , there ’s a much greater risk of complacency . ”
Posted on by storagedepotuk
Equipped with Broad berry Cyber Serve server dual 2.8 Ghz X5560 and 12GB DDR3 memory is become much faster than its predecessor with read and write speeds of 50MB / sec and 27MB / sec drag –n - drop copies of a 2.52 GB video clip .
The installation with QNAP TS - 219 wo n’t take long as it load its firmware and provides quick access to its web interface .
Client support extends to Windows , Linux , Unix and Mac .
The Surveillance Station on the TS - 219 two IP cameras offers live view , recording and motion detection services .
The 213PTZ camera remotely controls its pan , tilt and zoom functions .
The TwonkyMedia UPnP media server , an iTunes server and a Multimedia Station that make you store and view photographs and run slideshows .
The appliance can also function as a full web server as it offers an integral MySQL server plus support for PHP4 .
The iSCSI feature target ’s IQN to decide on a size and CHAP authentication .
Complete Backup Solution
QNAP Backup Software – NetBak Replicator
3rd Party Backup Software Ready
Encrypted Remote Replication -
The data on the NAS can be backed up to or from another Turbo NAS over the network securely .
The data on the NAS can be backed up to or from another Turbo NAS over the network securely .
One Touch USB Auto Copy
Powerful System Management Tools
Smart Fan : auto adjusted rotation speed , system temperature maintenance
Instant SMS / Email Alert
SSL Secure Certificate
Syslog Settings :
All the system event logs and connection logs can be saved to a remote syslog server .
All the system event logs and connection logs can be saved to a remote syslog server .
Network Recycle Bin
Comprehensive Event Log System :
The logs of connections to the NAS via samba , FTP , AFP , HTTP , HTTPS , Telnet , and SSH , and networking services accessed by online users are all recorded .
logs of connections to the NAS via samba , FTP , AFP , HTTP , HTTPS , Telnet , and SSH , and networking services accessed by online users are all recorded .
DDNS Support
Find the more details about QNAP TS - 219 on the website : http://www.storagedepot.co.uk/
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Computer Products , QNAP NAS Derives | Tagged : Qnap is a NAS drive , Qnap TS - 219 , Qnap TS - 219P , Qnap TS - 459 Pro |
WSGI on Python 3
Yesterday after my talk about WSGI on Python 3 I announced an OpenSpace about WSGI .
However only two people showed up there which was quite disappointing .
On the bright side however : it was in parallel to some interesting lighting talks and I did not explain to well what the purpose of this OpenSpace was .
In order to do better this time around , I want to summarize the current situation of WSGI on Python 3 , what the options are and why I 'm at the moment thinking of going back to an earlier proposal that was dismissed already .
So here we go again :
Language Changes
There are a couple of changes in the Python language that are relevant to WSGI because they make certain things harder to implement and others easier .
In Python 2.x bytestrings and unicode strings shared many methods and Python would do a lot to make it easy for you to implicitly switch between the two types .
The root cause of the unicode decode and unicode encode errors everybody knows in Python are often caused by the implicit conversion going on .
Now in Python 3 the whole thing looks a lot different .
There are only unicode strings now and the bytestrings got replaced by things that are more like arrays than strings .
Take this Python 2 example : >>> ' foo ' + u ' bar ' u'foobar ' >>> ' foo %s ' % 42 ' foo 42 ' >>> print ' foo ' foo >>> list ( ' foo ' ) [ 'f ' , 'o ' , 'o ' ]
Now compare that to the very same example on Python 3 , just with syntax adjusted to the new rules : >>> b ' foo ' + ' bar ' Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " " , line 1 , in TypeError : can't concat bytes to str >>> b ' foo %s ' % 42 Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " " , line 1 , in TypeError : unsupported operand type(s ) for % : ' bytes ' and ' int ' >>> print ( b ' foo ' ) b' foo ' >>> list ( b ' foo ' ) [ 102 , 111 , 111 ]
There are ways to convert these bytes to unicode strings and the other way round , there are also string methods like title ( ) and upper ( ) and everything you know from a string , but it still does not behave like a string .
Keep this in mind when reading the rest of this article , because that explains why the straightforward approach does not work out too well at the moment .
Something about Protocols WSGI like HTTP or URIs are all based on ASCII or an encoding like latin1 or even different encodings .
But all those are not based on a single encoding that represents unicode .
In Python 2 the unicode situation for web applications was fixed pretty quickly by all frameworks in the same way : you as the framework / application know the encoding , so decode incoming request data from the given charset and operate on unicode internally .
If you go to the database , back to HTTP or something else that does not operate on unicode , encode to the target encoding which you know .
This is painless some libraries like Django make it even less painful by having special helpers that can convert between utf - 8 encoded strings and actual unicode objects at any point .
Here a list of web related libraries operating on unicode ( just a small pick ) : Django , Pylons , TurboGears 2 , WebOb , Werkzeug , Jinja , SQLAlchemy , Genshi , simplejson , feedparser and the list goes on .
What these libraries can have , what a protocol like WSGI does not , is having the knowledge of the encoding used .
Why ?
Because in practice ( not on the paper ) encodings on the web are very simple and driven by the application : the encoding the application sends out is the encoding that comes back .
It 's as simple as that .
However WSGI does not have that knowledge because how would you tell WSGI what encoding to assume ?
There is no configuration for WSGI so the only thing we could do is forcing a specific charset for WSGI applications on Python 3 if we want to get unicode onto that layer .
Like utf - 8 for everything except headers which should be latin1 for RFC compliance .
Byte Based WSGI
On Python 2 WSGI is based on bytes .
If we would go with bytes on Python 3 as well , the specification for Python 3 would look like this : WSGI environ keys are unicode WSGI environ values that contain incoming request data are bytes headers , chunks in the response iterable as well as status code are bytes as well
If we ignore everything else that makes this approach hard on Python 3 and only look at the bytes object which just does not behave like a standard string any more , a WSGI library based on the standard libraries functions and the bytes type is quite complex compared to the Python 2 counterpart .
Take the very simple code commonly used to reproduce a URL from the WSGI environment on Python 2 : def get_host ( environ ) : if ' HTTP_HOST ' in environ : return environ [ ' HTTP_HOST ' ] result = environ [ ' SERVER_NAME ' ] if ( environ [ ' wsgi.url_scheme ' ] , environ [ ' SERVER_PORT ' ] ) not \ in ( ( ' https ' , ' 443 ' ) , ( ' http ' , ' 80 ' ) ) : result += ':' + environ [ ' SERVER_PORT ' ] return result def get_current_url ( environ ) : rv = ' %s :// %s / %s%s ' % ( environ [ ' wsgi.url_scheme ' ] , get_host ( environ ) , urllib .
quote ( environ .
get ( ' SCRIPT_NAME ' , '' ) . strip ( '/' ) ) , urllib . quote ( '/' + environ .
get ( ' PATH_INFO ' , '' ) . lstrip ( '/' ) ) ) qs = environ .
get ( ' QUERY_STRING ' ) if qs : rv += '?' + qs return rv
This depends on many string operations and is entirely based on bytes ( like URLs are ) .
So what has to be changed to make this code work on Python 3 ?
Here an untested version of the same code adapted to theoretically run on a byte based WSGI implementation for Python 3 .
The get_host ( ) function is easy to port because it only concatenates bytes .
This works exactly the same on Python 3 , but we could even improve that theoretically by switching to bytearrays which are mutable bytes objects which in theory give us better memory management .
But here the straightforward port : def get_host ( environ ) : if ' HTTP_HOST ' in environ : return environ [ ' HTTP_HOST ' ] result = environ [ ' SERVER_NAME ' ] if ( environ [ ' wsgi.url_scheme ' ] , environ [ ' SERVER_PORT ' ] ) not \ in ( ( b ' https ' , b ' 443 ' ) , ( b ' http ' , b ' 80 ' ) ) : result += b ' :' + environ [ ' SERVER_PORT ' ] return result
The port of the actual get_current_url ( ) function is a little different because the string formatting feature used for the Python 2 implementation are no longer available : def get_current_url ( environ ) : rv = ( environ [ ' wsgi.url_scheme ' ] + b '://' get_host ( environ ) + b '/ ' urllib .
quote ( environ .
get ( ' SCRIPT_NAME ' , b '' ) . strip ( b '/' ) ) + urllib .
quote ( b '/' + environ .
get ( ' PATH_INFO ' , b '' ) . lstrip ( b '/' ) ) ) qs = environ .
get ( ' QUERY_STRING ' ) if qs : rv += b '? ' + qs return rv
The example did not become necessarily harder , but it became a little bit more low level .
When the developers of the standard library ported over some of the functions and classes related to web development they decided to introduce unicode in places where it 's does not really belong .
It 's an understandable decision based on how byte strings work on Python 3 , but it does cause some problems .
Here a list of places where we have unicode , where we previously did not have it .
Not judging here on if the decision was right or wrong to introduce unicode there , just that it happened :
All the HTTP functions and servers in the standard library are now operating on latin1 encoded headers .
The header parsing functions will assume latin1 there and pass unicode to you .
Unfortunately right now , Python 3 does not support non ASCII headers at all which I think is a bug in the implementation .
The FieldStorage object is assuming an utf - 8 encoded input stream as far as I understand which currently breaks binary file uploads .
This apparently is also an issue with the email package which internally is based on a common mime parsing library .
object is assuming an utf - 8 encoded input stream as far as I understand which currently breaks binary file uploads .
This apparently is also an issue with the email package which internally is based on a common mime parsing library .
urllib also got unicode forcely integrated .
It is assuming utf - 8 encoded string in many places and does not support other encodings for some functions which is something that can be fixed .
Ideally it would also support operations on bytes which is currently only the case for unquoting but none of the more complex operations .
The about - to - be Spec
There are some other places as well where unicode appeared , but these are the ones causing the most troubles besides the bytes not being a string thing .
Now what later most of WEB - SIG agreed with and what Graham implemented for mod_wsgi ultimately is a fake unicode approach .
What does this mean ?
Make sure that all the information is stored as unicode but not with the proper encoding ( which WSGI would not know ) but just assume latin1 .
If latin1 is not what the application expected , the application can encode back to latin1 and decode from utf - 8 .
( As far as I know , this is loss - less ) .
Here what the current specification looks like that is about to be crafted into a PEP :
The application is passed an instance of a Python dictionary containing what is referred to as the WSGI environment .
All keys in this dictionary are native strings .
For CGI variables , all names are going to be ISO - 8859 - 1 and so where native strings are unicode strings , that encoding is used for the names of CGI variables .
For the WSGI variable ' wsgi.url_scheme ' contained in the WSGI environment , the value of the variable should be a native string .
For the CGI variables contained in the WSGI environment , the values of the variables are native strings .
Where native strings are unicode strings , ISO - 8859 - 1 encoding would be used such that the original character data is preserved and as necessary the unicode string can be converted back to bytes and thence decoded to unicode again using a different encoding .
The WSGI input stream ' wsgi.input ' contained in the WSGI environment and from which request content is read , should yield byte strings .
The status line specified by the WSGI application should be a byte string .
Where native strings are unicode strings , the native string type can also be returned in which case it would be encoded as ISO - 8859 - 1 .
The list of response headers specified by the WSGI application should contain tuples consisting of two values , where each value is a byte string .
Where native strings are unicode strings , the native string type can also be returned in which case it would be encoded as ISO - 8859 - 1 .
The iterable returned by the application and from which response content is derived , should yield byte strings .
Where native strings are unicode strings , the native string type can also be returned in which case it would be encoded as ISO - 8859 - 1 .
The value passed to the ' write ( ) ' callback returned by ' start_response ( ) ' should be a byte string .
Where native strings are unicode strings , a native string type can also be supplied , in which case it would be encoded as ISO - 8859 - 1 .
The letter , obtained by the Associated Press news agency , could provide the first direct evidence to undermine the Vatican ’s insistence that the Pope was never involved in blocking the removal of paedophile priests during his two decades as head of the Catholic Church ’s Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , the department that deals with sex abuse cases .
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan — Pakistani authorities broadened what started as a ban on a social networking site on Thursday , blocking YouTube and about 450 individual Web pages over what they described as “ growing sacrilegious content . ”
The Pakistan Telecommunication Authority blocked YouTube after a special Internet monitoring unit within the agency determined that “ objectionable content ” was increasing , according to a spokesman , Khurram Mehran .
“ Earlier we were blocking the links , ” he said of YouTube , “ but when content increased we had to block the whole Web site . ”
The ban , which also included certain pages on the Flickr and Wikipedia sites , occurred a day after access to Facebook was suspended on orders from a Pakistani court .
A group of Islamic lawyers won that injunction , arguing that a contest , started by users for drawings of the Prophet Muhammad and called “ Everybody Draw Muhammad Day , ” was offensive .
Depiction of Muhammad is considered blasphemous by some Muslims .
A model of Europa 's interior , including a global ocean .
If a 100 kilometer - deep ocean existed below Europa 's ice shell , it would be 10 times deeper than any ocean on Earth and would contain twice as much water as Earth 's oceans and rivers combined .
There may be enough oxygen in the waters of Jupiter 's moon Europato support millions of tons worth of fish , according to a new study .
And whilenobody is suggesting there might actually be fish on Europa , this findingsuggests the Jovian satellite could be capable of supporting the kinds of lifefamiliar to us here on Earth , if only in microbial form .
Europa , which is roughly the size of Earth 's moon , is enveloped bya global ocean about 100 miles deep ( 160 km ) , with an icy crust that may beonly a few miles thick .
From what we know of Earth , where there is water , thereis a chance at life , so for many years scientists have speculated that thisJovian moon could support extraterrestrials .
As we learned more about Jupiter ?s effect on its moons , thepossibility for life on Europagrew even more likely .
Studies showed the moon could have enough oxygen tosupport the kind of life we are most familiar with on Earth .
The ice on the surface , like all water , is made from hydrogen andoxygen , and the constant stream of radiation pouring in from Jupiter reactswith this ice to form free oxygen and other oxidants such as hydrogen peroxide .
The reactivity of oxygen is key to generating the energy that helped multi-cellularlife flourish on our planet .
Still , researchers had thought there was no effective method fordelivering any of this oxygen - rich matter into Europa 's ocean .
Scientists hadassumed the primary way for surface materials to migrate downward was from theimpacts it would suffer from cosmic debris , which regularly bombards everythingin our solar system .
?[ Photosof Jupiter 's moons . ]
However , past calculations suggested that even after a few billionyears , such " impact gardening " would never lead to an oxygenatedlayer more than some 33 feet ( 10 meters ) deep into the ice shell , nowhere farenough down to reach the underlying ocean .
However , the new study suggests this oxygen - rich layer could befar thicker than before thought , potentially encompassing the entire crust .
Thekey is looking at other ways to stir Europa 's crust , explained researcherRichard Greenberg , a planetary scientist at the University of Arizona 's Lunar and Planetary Laboratory at Tucson .
The gravitational pull Europa experiences from Jupiterleads to tidal forces roughly 1,000 times stronger than what Earth feels fromour moon , flexing and heating Europa and making it very active geologically .
This could explain why its surface appears no older than 50 million years old ?its surface underwent complete turnover in that time .
A major resurfacing process on Europa seems to be the formation ofdouble ridges , which cover at least half of its surface .
Tidal forces may becausing fresh ice from below ?
probably newly frozen ocean water ?
to pushupward and over the surface , where it would slowly get oxygenated .
As ridges pile on top of ridges , older material gets buried , shoving this oxygen - rich matter downward .
After one or two billion years , thisprocess alone could spread oxidants throughout the entire crust , thus reaching the ocean , Greenberg calculated .
Other mechanisms could help stir Europa 'scrust also .
Parts of the surface could partially melt from below , leadingrafts of ice to break loose and tumble around before they froze back in place .
Roughly 40 percent of Europa 's crust appears to be covered withthe ensuing " chaotic terrain . "
Also , as matter comes up from belowand widens cracks , the nearby surface crumples , burying some material .
Theseextra processes could help push some oxidants downward , but it would still takeat least two billion years or so before radiation loaded the entire crust withoxygen .
As ice on the base of this oxygenated crust melts , even with themost conservative assumptions , after only a half - million years oxidant levelsin the ocean would reach the minimum oxygen concentration seen in Earth ' soceans , which on Earth is enough to support small crustaceans , Greenberg found .
In only 12 million years , oxidant concentrations would reach thesame saturation levels of Earth 's oceans , enough to support our largest sealife .?
Given the cold temperatures and high pressures likely seen in Europa ' socean , it could actually take in more oxygen than Earth 's oceans could beforeits water reached its saturation point .
" I was surprised at how much oxygen could get downthere , " Greenberg said .
One concern about all this oxygen was that it might actually domore harm than good .
The extraordinary reactivity of oxygen could in principledisrupt the chemical processes that are thought to lead to the origin of lifeand that may have been an aspect of early life .
On Earth , life had more than a billion years to evolve , beforeoxygen became plentiful in the atmosphere , and that delay gave organisms plentyof time to develop genetic mechanisms and physical structures that allowed themto use oxygen , instead of being destroyed by it .
The delay of 1 to 2 billion years before oxygen in Europa 's crustmade its way into its ocean is roughly the same amount of time it took life onEarth to develop before oxygen became a problem , so life might have enough of arespite to develop on the Jovian moon .
Assuming life on Europa respired atrates similar to fish on Earth , the continuous rate of oxygen delivery there couldsustain roughly 3 million metric tons of life , Greenberg said .
One might not have to wait for a probe to land on Europa to detectany oxygen there .
" Spectroscopy done by telescopes on Earth or in orbitcan tell what substances are mixed into the ice , " Greenberg said .
Greenberg detailed his findings May 6 in the journal Astrobiology .
Clever Southerners Will Fix The Oil Spill
The Hay Will Rise Again !
Robert E. Lee must be shedding a tiny tear of joy for these good - ol ' - boys .
Presenters Darryl Carpenter and Otis Goodson show how hay can help solve the oil spill in the Gulf Of Mexico .
( Via Matt Hurst . )
Today a new storage option for Amazon S3 has been launched : Amazon S3 Reduced Redundancy Storage ( RRS ) .
This new storage option enables customers to reduce their costs by storing non-critical , reproducible data at lower levels of redundancy .
This has been an option that customers have been asking us about for some time so we are really pleased to be able to offer this alternative storage option now .
Durability in Amazon S3
Amazon Simple Storage Service ( S3 ) was launched in 2006 as " Storage for the Internet " with the promise to make web - scale computing easier for developers .
Four years later it stores over 100 billion objects and routinely performs well over 120,000 storage operations per second .
Its use cases span the whole storage spectrum ; from enterprise database backup to media distribution , from consumer file storage to genomics datasets , from image serving for websites to telemetry storage for NASA .
Core to its success has been its simplicity : no matter how many objects you want to store , how small or big those objects are , or what object access patterns you have to deal with , you can rely on Amazon S3 to take away the headaches of dealing with the hard issues typically associated with big storage systems .
All the complexities of scalability , reliability , durability , performance and cost - effectiveness are hidden behind a very simple programming interface .
Under the covers Amazon S3 is a marvel of distributed systems technologies .
It is the ultimate incrementally scalable system ; simply by adding resources it can handle scaling needs in storage and performance dimensions .
It also needs to handle every possible failure of storage devices , of servers , networks and operating systems , all while continuing to serve hundreds of thousands of customers .
The goal for operational excellence in Amazon S3 ( and for all other AWS services ) is that it should be " indistinguishable from perfect " .
While individual components may be failing all the time , as is normal in any large scale system , the customers of the service should be completely shielded from this .
For example to ensure availability of data , the data is replicated over multiple locations such that failure modes are independent of each other .
The locations are chosen with great care to achieve this independence and if one or more of those locations becomes unreachable , S3 can continue to serve its customers .
Some of the biggest innovations inside Amazon S3 have been how to use software techniques to mask many of the issues that would easily have paralyzed every other storage system .
The same goes for durability ; core to the design of S3 is that we go to great lengths to never , ever lose a single bit .
We use several techniques to ensure the durability of the data our customers trust us with , and some of those ( e.g. replication across multiple devices and facilities ) overlap with those we use for providing high - availability .
One of the things that S3 is really good at is deciding what action to take when failure happens , how to re-replicate and re-distribute such that we can continue to provide the availability and durability the customers of the service have come to expect .
These techniques allow us to design our service for 99.999999999 % durability .
Relaxing Durability
There are many innovative techniques we deploy to provide this durability and a number of them are related to the redundant storage of data .
As such , the cost of providing such a high durability is an important component of the storage pricing of S3 .
While this high durability is exactly what most customers want , there are some usage scenarios where customers have asked us if we could relax the durability in exchange for a reduction in cost .
In these scenarios , the customers are able to reproduce the object if it would ever be lost , either because they are storing another authoritative copy or because they can reconstruct the object from other sources .
We can now offer these customers the option to use Amazon S3 Reduced Redundancy Storage ( RRS ) , which provides 99.99 % durability at significantly lower cost .
This durability is still much better than that of a typical storage system as we still use some forms of replication and other techniques to maintain a level of redundancy .
Amazon S3 is designed to sustain the concurrent loss of data in two facilities , while the RRS storage option is designed to sustain the loss of data in a single facility .
Because RRS is redundant across facilities , it is highly available and backed by the Amazon S3 Service Level Agreement .
More details on the new option and its pricing advantages can be found on the Amazon S3 product page .
Other insights in the use of this option can be read on the AWS developer blog .
Eternal Embrace Volume 61 Number 1 , January / February 2008 by Jason Urbanus
A rare double burial in Italy evokes romantic images and a line or two from Romeo and Juliet .
Excavations near Mantua , Italy , revealed the remains of a young man and woman buried in an embrace more than 5,000 years ago .
( Pasquale Sorrentino )
Archaeologists were suddenly quoting lines from Shakespeare 's Romeo and Juliet .
Digging in the Italian village of Valdaro - - near the city of Mantua , a setting for the famous Elizabethan tragedy -- they uncovered a startling double burial .
Dubbed the " Lovers of Valdaro " by the media , the pair were huddled close together , face to face , their arms and legs entwined , seemingly in an eternal embrace .
The burial , which dates to the Neolithic period ( 5000 - 4000 B.C. ) , caused an immediate stir among its discoverers .
" I am so thrilled at this find , " says archaeologist Elena Maria Menotti , who led the excavation .
" I have been involved in lots of digs all over Italy , but nothing has excited me as much as this .
I 've never been so moved , because this is the discovery of something special . "
Although it is not the only Neolithic burial to contain more than one person , double burials are rare , and the pose and the positioning of this couple are unique .
After an initial examination of the bones , experts determined that the man and woman were no more than 20 years old , and both around 5 feet , 2 inches tall .
Researchers removed skeletons from the cemetery in blocks of sediment , which were crated and sent to an archaeological laboratory .
( Marco Merola )
Answering more detailed questions about the pair will be difficult .
Excavating any burial is a time - consuming undertaking , moreover , normal excavation of a burial entails documenting and removing each bone for study .
In the case of the " lovers , " this would have destroyed their unique , intertwined position .
In the end , Menotti decided that the two would not be separated , but removed and preserved intact .
The block of earth in which they rested was lifted out of the ground with large belts , placed in a yellow wooden box , and sent to an archaeological laboratory at the Musei Civici in Como .
At the lab , the remains have been undergoing several forms of analysis--DNA testing , a 3 - D laser scan , and X rays -- from which archaeologists hope to learn more about the relationship between the two individuals , their cause of death , and more details about how they lived .
While the team awaited results of of the skeletons .
No evidence of a Neolithic settlement has been found in Valdaro , but in antiquity the area was crisscrossed by small waterways and the nearby River Po , making it geographically ideal for hunting , fishing , and agriculture .
Neolithic Valdaro would have been a very developed community , with easy access to important trade routes and close ties to neighboring populations .
As for the " lovers " themselves , archaeologists may not be able to determine their exact relationship or cause of death , but their discovery is one of the most remarkable finds in Neolithic archaeology .
Science aside , for some they will remain forever embracing , a symbol of eternal love that echoes the doomed Shakespearean couple .
Jason Urbanus is a doctoral candidate at the Joukowsky Institute for Archaeology and the Ancient World at Brown University .
http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/CreatorsPet
This is based on opinion .
Please do n't list it on a work 's trope example list .
There are certain characters who receive a lot of hatred from the fanbase for one reason or another .
Most often , when their creators pick up on the hate , they have a couple options .
They can ignore it , tweak the character into a more likable version , or even play it for laughs .
Sometimes , however , the creator (s ) have become so attached to this character for whatever reason , whether because they see something of themselves in the character or the character reminds them of someone they were close to or the character represents something they admire , that they decide to increasingly focus on him , magnifying the importance of his role , and having the other characters talk about how awesome he is , in painful ignorance of — or sometimes in spite of — the fans ' obvious hatred .
Advertisement :
That 's the Creator 's Pet in a nutshell .
The main characteristic of the Creator 's Pet is that the writers ' focus on him is detrimental to the show .
It 's not that the parts featuring this character necessarily suck more than the rest , but that so much effort is being directed to him that it detracts from the quality of the series as a whole .
It 's as if the writers think that there 's nothing more important than browbeating the viewers into falling in love with this one character .
And it never works .
In fact , shilling a character excessively can cause other characters to be drawn into the hatred .
Keep in mind that this is n't " The Scrappy with a big role " , nor is it the Canon Sue , although there 's a lot of overlap in both cases .
The Creator 's Pet is a combination of being :
Hated by fans ( The Scrappy )
Advertisement : Loved ( or worshipped ) by the writers ( Creator 's Favorite )
Put into big scenes for no reason ( Character Focus )
Talked up by the other characters ( Character Shilling )
Unless it meets all of these criteria , it does n't fit .
Compare Spotlight - Stealing Squad , which happens when Character Focus pushes a lot of the other characters out of the limelight for an extended period of time ; Periphery Hatedom , when this kind of character is hated by people he's not even targeted at ; the Canon Sue , which is frequently also this trope by default ; and the GMPC , which is often this in a Role - Playing Game .
Compare Character Shilling , which is unwarranted praise for one character by one or more other characters , regardless of fan reaction .
Contrast Shoo
Out the New Guy , whom the creators get rid of as quickly as possible , the Unpopular Popular Character and the Designated Monkey , who 's adored by fans despite being loathed in -universe .
Finally contrast Ensemble Dark Horse , a character who receives relatively little Character Focus but is adored by fans .
On the flip side , take note of Creator Breakdown and Artist Disillusionment , which can happen when the author vehemently disagrees with the fans and takes it out on the show .
Advertisement :
For cases when the character is heavily hyped out - of - universe as well as within it , see Wolverine Publicity .
If the " character " is a real person , that 's Billing Displacement .
Note : Although this is subjective , only blatantly obvious or creator - acknowledged examples should be listed in the pages below .
Examples :
TOKYO — At age 36 , Hello Kitty may be running out of product lives .
That is the fear of executives at the Sanrio Corporation , the Japanese company that created the cute , cartoonish white cat in 1974 , and groomed her into a global marketing phenomenon worth $ 5 billion a year .
In Japan and around the world , Hello Kitty has been licensed over the years for products that include dolls , clothes , lunch boxes , stationery , kitchenware , a Macy ’s parade balloon and even an Airbus owned by Taiwanese airline EVA Airways .
But amid signs that Hello Kitty ’s pop-culture appeal is waning , especially at home , where sales have shrunk for a decade , the company has struggled to find its next - generation version of adorable .
Sanrio ’s other flops include Spottie Dottie , a pink - frocked Dalmatian , and Pandapple , a baby panda .
Even the moderately successful My Melody ( a rabbit ) and TuxedoSam ( penguin ) show no signs of achieving global Kitty - ness .
“ We badly need something else , ” said Yuko Yamaguchi , who has been Sanrio ’s top Hello Kitty designer for most of its 36 years .
“ Characters take a long time to develop and introduce to different markets , ” Ms. Yamaguchi said .
“ But Kitty has been so popular it ’s overshadowed all our other efforts . ”
Advertisements
Karl Rove was on Fox News last night discussing the recent incident where Code Pink co-founder Jodie Evans tried to make a citizen ’s arrest against him because of his crimes during the Bush administration at a California book signing event , but instead of addressing or apologizing for his crimes , Rove told Fox News that he just wishes people would forget about them .
Here is video of the incident from CBS News :
Watch CBS News Videos Online
Advertisements
Here is Karl Rove on Fox News last night courtesy of Think Progress :
When asked about the incident by Bill O’Reilly , Rove said , “ Well , you know , what was interesting was I thought this was a well - organized event , it was supposed to be a prestige venue as my publisher said and it was the first and it will be the last book tour stop I have where there was not security .
But , you know what ?
I wish there was n’t so much attention paid to it .
Because I had a fantastic swing through California . ”
Rove then went on to tout how many books he sold in California .
This is a different tone from Rove than at the time of the confrontation on April 30 when he said that citizen ’s arrest attempt “ shows the totalitarianism of the left . ”
At this point we all need to stop and ask ourselves how a democratic concept like the citizen ’s arrest could possibly reflect totalitarianism .
Keep in mind that Rove was confronted by a woman in a pink hat not the secret police .
( Although judging from his Bush administration track record , a secret police is an idea that would tickle Rove ’s fancy ) .
The idea that Karl Rove of all people would complain about totalitarianism is absurd to say the least .
Here are just a few of the highlights from Rove ’s Bush years , secret prisons , never charging detainees , torture , the outing of a CIA agent , lying to lead the United States into an unnecessary war , and a secret illegal wiretapping of his fellow American citizens .
I am sure that Karl Rove does want the American people to go back to sleep , stop paying attention , and forget about his crimes .
In the case of Rove , Rumsfeld , Cheney and many others in the Bush Administration , I hope they get harassed every time they appear in public .
They will never face criminal charges , but the American people should never be allowed to forget what these individuals did in our names .
According to an Engadget source , the next Apple TV will be a totally reimagined device built upon the hardware and software architecture of the next iPhone .
And it 'll cost $ 100 .
Advertisement
This Is Apple 's Next iPhone
You are looking at Apple 's next iPhone .
It was found lost in a bar in Redwood City , camouflaged to …
Read more
Rather than relying on local storage — the next Apple TV is rumored to have just 16GB — Apple will offer network streaming from devices like Time Capsules while moving to cloud - based streaming that works within iPhone OS .
With just a power plug and video out , the next Apple TV will stream 1080P movies to your TV .
That 's right — no ethernet .
Advertisement
The rumor comes with no explanation on app support , nor does it explain whether or not the next iPod touch will feature all of the same capabilities ( frankly , there 's no reason it should n't ) .
And actually , it does nothing to explain why the next Apple TV will be any more appealing than the current Apple TV .
So what if Apple TV will have high def streaming — the current Apple TV does , too , even if the service is 720P ( nothing that 's Blu-ray quality is traveling from the cloud , through your Wi - Fi , onto your screen , trust me ) .
So what if Apple TV is cheaper ?
Nobody ever wanted it in the first place .
The key to any Apple TV relaunch will need to be , and will be , apps .
With apps , Apple TV becomes a game console that undercuts the Wii .
And with apps , Apple can advertise their iAds in the living room .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
I 'm taking bets :
How long until the iAd is the new commercial in the TV show you downloaded ?
How long until we 're right back at square one ?
[ Engadget ]
Brother Jed Smock is one of those campus preachers who goes around to different college campuses to “ spread the love ” by talking about how homosexuals are sinners .
You know the type .
He probably does more for the cause of atheism than Christianity , though … it helps that he brings out our creativity .
Case in point , a few months ago , when he was at the University of Arizona with his partner - in - crime Sister Cindy , this was the response from the school ’s Secular Student Alliance affiliate :
During Jed ’s recent solo appearance at the University of Oregon , the members of the Alliance of Happy Atheists took a slightly different approach .
On Day One of Jed ’s two - day preach - a - thon , members of the group stood right behind him holding atheist - friendly signs :
Those signs read :
“ Knowledge is Power ”
“ Trust Yourself ”
“ Atheists ♥ You ”
“ Do n’t believe in god ?
You ’re not alone ”
“ AHA ! : A Community of Atheists ”
According to Jed , they “ were not particularly vocal or argumentative ” but they clearly had an effect on him , judging by his thrilled reaction in the image .
…
On the Second Day , the group members one - upped themselves .
First , some background :
During one of their meetings earlier this school year , attendees were given a task by AHA board members Shireen Noroozi and Shannon McCormick :
They had to create their own religion , complete with a unique mythology , a deity to worship , prayers to say , etc .
To help facilitate this , the leaders gave each group a random household object to base their new religion around .
Greg Gant ‘s group received a boot .
Here ’s how it played out , in Greg ’s own words :
When it came time to explain to the larger group what our religion was about , Tony Dundon wanted to preach ( in a passionate faux southern Baptist manner ) about “ The Boot . ”
So when it came to our turn to present , we let Tony go for it .
Tony was quite hysterical as a southern Baptist minister , and exceptionally clever , responding to questions on the fly .
Someone would shout a question like , “ What about Uggs ? ” and Tony would rant about the deception of the false boots that were unable to protect one ’s feet from the wetness , and that the truth path was only found in the footwear that was capable of keeping your feet dry .
Needless to say , he had the audience cracking up .
So , when Brother Jed made his appearance , Tony set up shop right next to him and began preaching about The Boot .
Who would get more followers , Tony or Jed ?
Tony , of course 🙂
… Tony preached the way of the boot , and its great protection against the evil wetness .
It was very clear that Tony was drawing an audience , as students passing by stopped to witness
Tony preach , and Jed drew only glances .
Those remembered Jed , offered praise to Tony , there were more than a handful of students who laughed and offered support .
… … some non-members played along asking Tony questions about the ways of the Boot .
One person shouted , “ How do you start on the path of the boot ? ” and Tony retorted , “ You start one foot at time ! ”
Ultimately , Jed realized he could n’t compete :
Brilliant 🙂
Greg mentioned that the only thing Brother Jed managed to say to Tony this whole time was a hearty , “ You ’re all going to hell ! ”
The only thing to make this even better is hearing about the experience from Brother Jed ’s perspective , courtesy of his Facebook note :
At 1:50 a dozen or so atheists gathered close to where I was preaching .
Their leader held up an old rubber boot and mockingly encouraged his fellow infidels to worship the boot .
These God haters would respond by saying , “ Amen . ” After about 10 minutes of this distraction I stopped preaching since I did not have an audience .
The boot preacher went on and on blaspheming salvation , church , prayer , etc .
God will get the last laugh …
Wow .
Boots really * do* have magical powers !
What a wonderful way to counter Jed : Combatting his hatred with hilarity .
BP Oil Spill Destroying Coastlands ; Action Not Happening Posted by Pile ( 12215 views ) [ E - Mail link ]
[ Environment ]
Plaquemines parish president , Billy Nungesser makes a plea to the government to take over the project and stop British Petroleum 's control over the Deepwater Horizon oil spill as he watches the coastal marshes become irrevocably destroyed by the oil slick ...
District 1 Council Office
Updated 7:45 pm May 19 , 2010
Governor Bobby Jindal and Plaquemines Parish President Billy Nungesser took a boat trip to see the thick oil first - hand in the Pass A Loutre marsh today .
The Barrier Island Protection Plan , develop by President Nungesser , is an aggressive plan to add a new line of protection for coastal Louisiana 's unique estuaries , marshes , and wetland habitats which face devastating effects as the oil reaches the marsh and continues to leak from the well site .
The plan calls for the immediate utilization of the U.S. dredging fleet to begin dredge operations to build a " sand boom " along the existing barrier island chains .
The sand boom would stretch along the alignment of Chandeleur , Barataria Bay , and Timbalier Bay barrier islands to provide a more reliable means of protecting against oil intrusion as compared to the current booming methods .
The length of the barrier island project is approximately 80 miles .
The Louisiana Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority filed an emergency permit on Thursday , May 13 , 2010 with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and is still awaiting the Corps to issue the permit .
President Nungesser demands that the Corps issue the permit and the U.S. Coast Guard direct BP to initiate this plan .
In anticipation of receiving a permit from the Corps , the state has already begun steps to prioritize and determine the capacity of each sand borrow site needed to construct the sand boom .
The state has boats out conducting surveys .
Magnetometers were used to identify existing pipelines , and side - scan sonar used to develop images of the seafloor .
Sampling and assessments are being performed to identify contaminated sediments and to ensure that the materials are safe and the receiving areas are clean .
OIL IMPACT
According to NOAA , the total amount of Louisiana shoreline with oil impact to date is 34.52 miles .
DEQ has confirmed shoreline impacts to date on : the Chandeleur Islands , Whiskey Island , Raccoon Island , South Pass , East Fourchon / Elmers Island , Grand Isle , Trinity Island , Brush Island , and the Pass a Loutre area .
Name : ( change name for anonymous posting ) Title : Comments : 1 Article displayed .
Would n’t it be easier to stop the juggling act and be a housewife and a helpmate ?
Would n’t it be better for her spouse and children if she were to opt for a more traditional role — full - time wife , full - time mom , full - time writer of thank - you notes — a choice that continues to be embraced by many forces in our culture ?
Consider this :
Three - quarters of Americans believe both partners should contribute to the household income , according to a Pew Research Center study from October .
Meanwhile , only 37 % of mothers who work outside the home want to be working full time , that same study reported .
Maybe those women are just tired , stressed out by the complications of everyday life amid a recession .
Maybe it ’s easier to idealize so - called simpler times ( 1945 to ’ 65 anyone ? ) amid difficult ones .
Or perhaps we should examine the role of pop culture and TV , which has a tendency to clothe domestic life in perfect little cocktail dresses .
After all , the much watched women of Wisteria Lane seem to be more interested in “ feminine arts ” such as gossiping and scheming than in holding down a corporate gig .
The housewives of the Camelot - era “ Mad Men ” seem to have nothing better to do than mix martinis , look fabulous and inspire a partnership with Banana Republic and a slew of cocktail recipes that are listed on sites such as Oprah.com .
Whatever the source of their inspiration , a small contingent of women are turning to the Internet to champion the importance of being a good wife and partner .
Some of their voices are sincere and straightforward .
Others toy with the notion of 1950s housewifery , viewing it through a lens that seems clouded with nostalgia .
It seems doubtful any of them would endear themselves to the editors of Ms. Magazine , but they have tapped into a longing .
There are bloggers like Kathi Browne , a fortysomething mother of three in Maryville , Tenn. , who stopped working in the corporate world after her third child was born and summarizes her philosophy at Wingspouse.com as “ an alternative to the traditional career choices some executive spouses are forced to make .
Rather than requiring a choice between a career or family , the wingspouse career unites the two — creating a partnership between the executive and the spouse , and leading to mutual success . ”
A wingspouse can help analyze an executive ’s ideas without fear of reprisals — or theft .
A wingspouse might accompany his or her partner to a speaking event and help work the room — or simply stand back and read people to see if the message is getting across .
Or provide comfort on the home front .
“ Another wingspouse shared her secret to making her husband feel settled sooner , ” Browne blogged last December .
“ She hangs the same plaque in the front entrance of every home they move to . ”
A wingspouse can be a man or a woman , but Browne acknowledges that she believes she is writing primarily for women .
In the San Diego area , Kelley Lilien , 30 , a graphic designer and work - from - home mother of two , lets her inner eccentric housewife run free with MrsLilien.com .
Hers is a splashy website with themed posts on perfect picnic outfits and snacks or Grace Kelly tributes , each entry enhanced by a fanciful poem .
Keeping everything tongue - in - cheek , Lilien also extols the virtues of another nuclear family stereotype , the mother ’s little helper .
She is not afraid to mention booze , pills and retail therapy on her blog .
While her alter ego might be the one to show up at your cousin ’s wedding in a T - shirt - length magenta kaftan to match her super - sized Cosmopolitan cocktail , the real - life Mrs. Lilien is slightly more subdued , happily affixing her fingers with the cocktail rings her husband gives her each Valentine ’s Day , never leaving the house without lipstick and believing that a good dinner party “ is just what life ’s about . ”
And then there ’s Taryn Cox , who is n’t afraid to put it all out there , unabashedly writing about stereotypically uxorial topics ranging from themed baby showers and creating her own cocktail - style dresses to the art of ironing a newspaper and how to clean with vodka at a blog she has titled TarynCoxTheWife.com .
Cox ’s posts showcase classic glamour and gorgeous parties as songs such as “ Sunny Side of the Street ” play in the background .
“ I ’ve always just been so completely fascinated by the idea of marriage and dedication , ” says Cox , a trim 26 - year - old with a penchant for pastels and an e-mail address that starts with “ stepfordwife . ”
No , she ’s not married and she does n’t have kids , but “ this [ blog ] is for those dreams and fantasies .
I believe my own vision .
I believe there ’s an art to being a good wife . ”
Growing up in Newport Beach as an only child to a single mom , Cox says her enthusiasm for the wife - and - mother role grew when she saw all her elementary school friends getting picked up at the curb when school let out and she was shuttled off to the YMCA for after - school care .
Her blog , where the word “ wife ” is written in capital letters , includes rules for domestic bliss ( WIFE rule No. 17 : “ The perfect WIFE should shave her legs every day or every other day . ”
WIFE rule No. 14 : “ The perfect WIFE should have the most beautiful and neat handwriting .
This always comes in handy when writing Thank You notes , Addressing Cards , and Sharing Recipes ” ) .
While not blogging , she ’s parlayed years of personal assistant gigs for the likes of Lindsay Lohan and Scarlett Johansson into her current position as a domestic assistant and organizer for philanthropist Monica Rosenthal and her husband , TV producer Phil Rosenthal .
Cox says it should give her plenty of practice for her planned life , as she helps with grocery shopping , organizing dinner parties and other duties .
Cox says she ’s one of the first people her friends call when they get engaged , possibly because of her two giant binders of articles about wedding and party planning .
So , what ’s her dating life like ?
Cox is somewhat mum on that , saying she usually dates only men she meets through mutual friends .
" [ But ] I ’ve always been told I have very high expectations when it comes to dating men , which I always found to be an overexaggerated statement , ” Cox says .
“ I think my expectations are not over the top but should be the norm .
I think it ’s important for a man to practice opening doors , calling instead of sending a text , putting forth the effort to make plans in advance instead of waiting to the last minute .
It shows that he ultimately respects you and your time when paying attention to you and the small details . ”
While Cox and the other bloggers have n’t exactly hit the mainstream tipping point — their comparatively small number of monthly page views keeps them off the radar at ComScore , an Internet marketing research company — they do seem to have loyal readers and have encountered a few outside opportunities .
Lilien says she received personal e-mail compliments from retro-loving home design maven Jonathan Adler and she has parlayed the blog into a styling gig for Anthology , a home and lifestyle magazine launching this fall , and a partnership with Alexis Swanson Traina of Swanson Vineyards in collaboration with Andy Spade and Jean - Philippe Delhomme for a Napa Valley lifestyle - driven website and blog .
Cox and her fashion sense got some love from Elle magazine .
And in February , she taught the world how to bake a cake for the Style Network ’s “ What I Hate About Me ” program .
Browne has been on talk radio , and , although it was n’t in her Wingspouse capacity :
She recently spoke on the importance of social media at the American College of Physician Executives ’ annual meeting in Washington , D.C .
Perhaps their readers are just trolling the Internet on their lunch breaks , looking for a bit of a fantasy life they can’t have right now .
That Pew Research Center study , citing data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics , concluded that women now make up 47 % of the U.S. labor force , compared with 38 % in 1970 .
And in our stressed - out economy , most of those women probably have to stay employed .
Not surprisingly , feminists are not amused by the notion that women ’s roles in society are dictated in any way .
“ They want to live in this perfectly art - directed world , ” says Michele Kort , senior editor at Ms. “ It ’s an illusion that if you have all the right clothes and right accessories that your life will be perfect .
This is a throwback to stuff like [ Marabel Morgan ’s 1974 self - help book ]
‘ The Total Woman ’ … that a wife should be subservient and be all about making a man comfortable and having the perfect household … for the women of the ‘ 50s , it was n’t so happy - making . ”
The joys of domestic bliss have certainly moved the pop culture meter over the years .
Before Morgan ’s seminars and books , ( the first of which is possibly best remembered for the bit about greeting your man at the door clad in Saran wrap ) , there was Helen Andelin , who famously wrote and taught classes on how to be a domestic goddess and got the title of her 1963 book “ Fascinating Womanhood ” from a series of 1920s - era etiquette books with a similar name .
Andelin died last June , but her theories are still discussed on various blogs and in chat rooms .
Books such as Laura Doyle ’s “ The Surrendered Wife ” ( 2001 ) , that suggest women abstain from control over their husbands ’ lives in favor of practicing vulnerability and manners , have loyal followers , and proper wifely matters are discussed in the preachings of tough - love conservative radio host and author Dr. Laura Schlessinger ( whose 2009 book was titled “ In Praise of Stay - at - Home Moms ” ) .
Atlantic magazine essayist Caitlin Flanagan , who is fortunate enough to be able to retain hired help to assist in the running of her domestic life , stresses the rewards of being a traditional housewife .
“ The concept of the career woman has without question become the accepted societal norm , but the concept of the ‘ traditional stay - at - home mom ’ has still remained a part of our culture , ” says Jeremy Gutsche , founder of the online magazine TrendHunter.com .
“ What has changed is that the blogosphere and social media have connected many different groups , including … those that believe in a 1950s way of life , ” Gutsche says .
Also , “ the recent recession caused people to reassess what is really important in their lives , and we ’ve seen a rise in people prioritizing their personal fulfillment above their careers .
Even if one did n’t lose their job , when we see the chaos that surrounds us , it forces us to think about what is really important in our lives .
This manifests itself in the form of hobbies , experiential travel and spending more time with one ’s family … all things that are akin to the more traditional 1950s lifestyle . ”
Maybe the topic is popular because it ’s easy to put it down ?
In the Depression era “ there was n’t men ’s work or women ’s work , there was only work , ” says Erin Bried , who went on “ The Today Show ” in January to promote her book “ How to Sew a Button : And Other Nifty Things Your Grandmother Knew , ” only to get a bit of backlash in the online world , possibly because the segment ’s title “ 5 Things Every Woman Should Know ” suggested to some that sewing buttons , fixing martinis and hanging picture frames were women ’s work .
Then again , Bried recently got word that 14 bloggers whom she says seem to be from all ages and backgrounds have started the Button Club and are attempting to complete all 110 tips in her book .
Perhaps they ’ll be done by December when Bried ’s follow - up , “ How to Build a Fire : And Other Handy Things Your Grandfather Knew ” arrives in stores .
whitney.friedlander@latimes.com
Little Red Riding Hood and other tales of Aarne - Thompson - Uther type 333
translated and / or edited by
D. L. Ashliman
© 1999-2018
folktexts
Charles Perrault
One day her mother , having made some cakes , said to her , " Go , my dear , and see how your grandmother is doing , for I hear she has been very ill .
Take her a cake , and this little pot of butter . "
Little Red Riding
Hood set out immediately to go to her grandmother , who lived in another village .
As she was going through the wood , she met with a wolf , who had a very great mind to eat her up , but he dared not , because of some woodcutters working nearby in the forest .
He asked her where she was going .
The poor child , who did not know that it was dangerous to stay and talk to a wolf , said to him , " I am going to see my grandmother and carry her a cake and a little pot of butter from my mother . "
" Does she live far off ? " said the wolf
" Oh I say , " answered Little Red Riding Hood ; " it is beyond that mill you see there , at the first house in the village . "
" Well , " said the wolf , " and I 'll go and see her too .
I 'll go this way and go you that , and we shall see who will be there first . "
The wolf ran as fast as he could , taking the shortest path , and the little girl took a roundabout way , entertaining herself by gathering nuts , running after butterflies , and gathering bouquets of little flowers .
It was not long before the wolf arrived at the old woman 's house .
He knocked at the door : tap , tap .
" Who 's there ? "
" Your grandchild , Little Red Riding Hood , " replied the wolf , counterfeiting her voice ; " who has brought you a cake and a little pot of butter sent you by mother . "
The good grandmother , who was in bed , because she was somewhat ill , cried out , " Pull the bobbin , and the latch will go up . "
The wolf pulled the bobbin , and the door opened , and then he immediately fell upon the good woman and ate her up in a moment , for it been more than three days since he had eaten .
He then shut the door and got into the grandmother 's bed , expecting Little Red Riding Hood , who came some time afterwards and knocked at the door : tap , tap .
" Who 's there ? "
Little Red Riding
Hood , hearing the big voice of the wolf , was at first afraid ; but believing her grandmother had a cold and was hoarse , answered , " It is your grandchild Little Red Riding Hood , who has brought you a cake and a little pot of butter mother sends you . "
The wolf cried out to her , softening his voice as much as he could , " Pull the bobbin , and the latch will go up . "
Little Red Riding
Hood pulled the bobbin , and the door opened .
The wolf , seeing her come in , said to her , hiding himself under the bedclothes , " Put the cake and the little pot of butter upon the stool , and come get into bed with me . "
Little Red Riding
Hood took off her clothes and got into bed .
She was greatly amazed to see how her grandmother looked in her nightclothes , and said to her , " Grandmother , what big arms you have ! "
" All the better to hug you with , my dear . "
" Grandmother , what big legs you have ! "
" All the better to run with , my child . "
" Grandmother , what big ears you have ! "
" All the better to hear with , my child . "
" Grandmother , what big eyes you have ! "
" All the better to see with , my child . "
" Grandmother , what big teeth you have got ! "
" All the better to eat you up with . "
And , saying these words , this wicked wolf fell upon Little Red Riding Hood , and ate her all up .
Moral : Children , especially attractive , well bred young ladies , should never talk to strangers , for if they should do so , they may well provide dinner for a wolf .
I say " wolf , " but there are various kinds of wolves .
There are also those who are charming , quiet , polite , unassuming , complacent , and sweet , who pursue young women at home and in the streets .
And unfortunately , it is these gentle wolves who are the most dangerous ones of all .
Jacob and Wilhelm Grimm
One day her mother said to her , " Come Little Red Cap .
Here is a piece of cake and a bottle of wine .
Take them to your grandmother .
She is sick and weak , and they will do her well .
Mind your manners and give her my greetings .
Behave yourself on the way , and do not leave the path , or you might fall down and break the glass , and then there will be nothing for your sick grandmother . "
Little Red Cap promised to obey her mother .
The grandmother lived out in the woods , a half hour from the village .
When Little Red Cap entered the woods a wolf came up to her .
She did not know what a wicked animal he was , and was not afraid of him .
" Good day to you , Little Red Cap . "
" Thank you , wolf . "
" Where are you going so early , Little Red Cap ? "
" To grandmother 's . "
" And what are you carrying under your apron ? "
" Grandmother is sick and weak , and I am taking her some cake and wine .
We baked yesterday , and they should give her strength . "
" Little Red Cap , just where does your grandmother live ? "
" Her house is a good quarter hour from here in the woods , under the three large oak trees .
There 's a hedge of hazel bushes there .
You must know the place , " said Little Red Cap .
The wolf thought to himself , " Now there is a tasty bite for me .
Just how are you going to catch her ? "
Then he said , " Listen , Little Red Cap , have n't you seen the beautiful flowers that are blossoming in the woods ?
Why do n't you go and take a look ?
And I do n't believe you can hear how beautifully the birds are singing .
You are walking along as though you were on your way to school in the village .
It is very beautiful in the woods . "
Little Red Cap opened her eyes and saw the sunlight breaking through the trees and how the ground was covered with beautiful flowers .
She thought , " If a take a bouquet to grandmother , she will be very pleased .
Anyway , it is still early , and I 'll be home on time . "
And she ran off into the woods looking for flowers .
Each time she picked one she thought that she could see an even more beautiful one a little way off , and she ran after it , going further and further into the woods .
But the wolf ran straight to the grandmother 's house and knocked on the door .
" Who 's there ? "
" Little Red Cap .
I 'm bringing you some cake and wine .
Open the door for me . "
" Just press the latch , " called out the grandmother .
" I 'm too weak to get up . "
The wolf pressed the latch , and the door opened .
He stepped inside , went straight to the grandmother 's bed , and ate her up .
Then he took her clothes , put them on , and put her cap on his head .
He got into her bed and pulled the curtains shut .
Little Red Cap had run after flowers , and did not continue on her way to grandmother 's until she had gathered all that she could carry .
When she arrived , she found , to her surprise , that the door was open .
She walked into the parlor , and everything looked so strange that she thought , " Oh , my God , why am I so afraid ?
I usually like it at grandmother 's . "
Then she went to the bed and pulled back the curtains .
Grandmother was lying there with her cap pulled down over her face and looking very strange .
" Oh , grandmother , what big ears you have ! "
" All the better to hear you with . "
" Oh , grandmother , what big eyes you have ! "
" All the better to see you with . "
" Oh , grandmother , what big hands you have ! "
" All the better to grab you with ! "
" Oh , grandmother , what a horribly big mouth you have ! "
" All the better to eat you with ! "
And with that he jumped out of bed , jumped on top of poor Little Red Cap , and ate her up .
As soon as the wolf had finished this tasty bite , he climbed back into bed , fell asleep , and began to snore very loudly .
A huntsman was just passing by .
He thought it strange that the old woman was snoring so loudly , so he decided to take a look .
He stepped inside , and in the bed there lay the wolf that he had been hunting for such a long time .
" He has eaten the grandmother , but perhaps she still can be saved .
I wo n't shoot him , " thought the huntsman .
So he took a pair of scissors and cut open his belly .
He had cut only a few strokes when he saw the red cap shining through .
He cut a little more , and the girl jumped out and cried , " Oh , I was so frightened !
It was so dark inside the wolf 's body ! "
And then the grandmother came out alive as well .
Then Little Red Cap fetched some large heavy stones .
They filled the wolf 's body with them , and when he woke up and tried to run away , the stones were so heavy that he fell down dead .
The three of them were happy .
The huntsman took the wolf 's pelt .
The grandmother ate the cake and drank the wine that Little Red Cap had brought .
And Little Red Cap thought to herself , " As long as I live , I will never leave the path and run off into the woods by myself if mother tells me not to . "
They also tell how Little Red Cap was taking some baked things to her grandmother another time , when another wolf spoke to her and wanted her to leave the path .
But Little Red Cap took care and went straight to grandmother's .
She told her that she had seen the wolf , and that he had wished her a good day , but had stared at her in a wicked manner .
" If we had n't been on a public road , he would have eaten me up , " she said .
" Come , " said the grandmother .
" Let 's lock the door , so he can't get in . "
Soon afterward the wolf knocked on the door and called out , " Open up , grandmother .
It 's Little Red Cap , and I 'm bringing you some baked things . "
They remained silent , and did not open the door .
The wicked one walked around the house several times , and finally jumped onto the roof .
He wanted to wait until Little Red Cap went home that evening , then follow her and eat her up in the darkness .
But the grandmother saw what he was up to .
There was a large stone trough in front of the house .
" Fetch a bucket , Little Red Cap , " she said .
" Yesterday I cooked some sausage .
Carry the water that I boiled them with to the trough . "
Little Red Cap carried water until the large , large trough was clear full .
The smell of sausage arose into the wolf 's nose .
He sniffed and looked down , stretching his neck so long that he could no longer hold himself , and he began to slide .
He slid off the roof , fell into the trough , and drowned .
And Little Red Cap returned home happily and safely .
Lower Lusatia
Once her mother said to Red Hood , " Go ; here is a slice of cake and a bottle of wine ; carry them to old granny .
She is ill and weak , and they will refresh her .
But be pretty behaved , and do n't peep about in all corners when you come into her room , and do n't forget to say ' Good - day . '
Walk , too , prettily , and do n't go out of the road , otherwise you will fall and break the bottle , and then poor granny will have nothing . "
Red Hood said , " I will observe everything well that you have told me , " and gave her mother her hand upon it .
But granny lived out in a forest , half an hour 's walk from the village .
When Red Hood went into the forest , she met a wolf .
But she did not know what a wicked beast he was , and was not afraid of him .
" God help you , Red Hood ! " said he .
" God bless you , wolf ! " replied she .
" Whither so early , Red Hood ? "
" To granny . "
" What have you there under your mantle ? "
" Cake and wine .
We baked yesterday ; old granny must have a good meal for once , and strengthen herself therewith . "
" Where does your granny live , Red Hood ? "
" A good quarter of an hour 's walk further in the forest , under yon three large oaks .
There stands her house ; further beneath are the nut trees , which you will see there , " said Red Hood .
The wolf thought within himself , " This nice young damsel is a rich morsel .
She will taste better than the old woman ; but you must trick her cleverly , that you may catch both . "
For a time he went by Red Hood 's side
Then said he , " Red Hood !
Just look !
There are such pretty flowers here !
Why do n't you look round at them all ?
Methinks you do n't even hear how delightfully the birds are singing !
You are as dull as if you were going to school , and yet it is so cheerful in the forest ! "
Little Red Hood lifted up her eyes , and when she saw how the sun 's rays glistened through the tops of the trees , and every place was full of flowers , she bethought herself , " If I bring with me a sweet smelling nosegay to granny , it will cheer her .
It is still so early , that I shall come to her in plenty of time , " and therewith she skipped into the forest and looked for flowers .
And when she had plucked one , she fancied that another further off was nicer , and ran there , and went always deeper and deeper into the forest .
But the wolf went by the straight road to old granny's , and knocked at the door .
" Who 's there ? "
" Little Red Hood , who has brought cake and wine .
Open ! "
" Only press the latch , " cried granny .
" I am so weak that I cannot stand . "
The wolf pressed the latch , walked in , and went without saying a word straight to granny 's bed and ate her up .
Then he took her clothes , dressed himself in them , put her cap on his head , lay down in her bed and drew the curtains .
Meanwhile little Red Hood was running after flowers , and when she had so many that she could not carry any more , she bethought her of her granny , and started on the way to her .
It seemed strange to her that the door was wide open , and when she entered the room everything seemed to her so peculiar , that she thought , " Ah ! My God !
How strange I feel today , and yet at other times I am so glad to be with granny ! "
She said , " Good - day ! " but received no answer .
Thereupon she went to the bed and undrew the curtains .
There lay granny , with her cap drawn down to her eyes , and looking so queer !
" Ah , granny !
Why have you such long ears ? "
" The better to hear you . "
" Ah , granny !
Why have you such large eyes ? "
" The better to see you . "
" Ah , granny !
Why have you such large hands ? "
" The better to take hold of you . "
" But , granny !
Why have you such a terribly large mouth ? "
" The better to eat you up ! "
And therewith the wolf sprang out of bed at once on poor little Red Hood , and ate her up .
When the wolf had satisfied his appetite , he lay down again in the bed , and began to snore tremendously .
A huntsman came past , and bethought himself , " How can an old woman snore like that ?
I 'll just have a look to see what it is . "
He went into the room , and looked into the bed ; there lay the wolf .
" Have I found you now , old rascal ? " said he .
" I 've long been looking for you . "
He was just going to take aim with his gun , when he bethought himself , " Perhaps the wolf has only swallowed granny , and she may yet be released . "
Therefore he did not shoot , but took a knife and began to cut open the sleeping wolf 's maw .
When he had made several cuts , he saw a red hood gleam , and after one or two more cuts out skipped Red Hood , and cried , " Oh , how frightened I have been ; it was so dark in the wolf 's maw ! "
Afterwards out came old granny , still alive , but scarcely able to breathe .
But Red Hood made haste and fetched large stones , with which they filled the wolf 's maw , and when he woke he wanted to jump up and run away , but the stones were so heavy that he fell on the ground and beat himself to death .
Now , they were all three merry .
The huntsman took off the wolf 's skin ; granny ate the cake and drank the wine which little Red Hood had brought , and became strong and well again ; and little Red Hood thought to herself , " As long as I live , I wo n't go out of the road into the forest , when mother has forbidden me . "
Source : A. H. Wratislaw , Sixty Folk - Tales from Exclusively Slavonic Sources ( London : Elliot Stock , 1889 ) , no. 15 , pp. 97-100 .
( London : Elliot Stock , 1889 ) , no. 15 , pp. 97-100 .
Lower Lusatia ( German Niederlausitz , Polish Dolne Łużyce ) is a mixed German and Slavic historical and cultural region in today 's eastern German and western Poland .
, Polish ) is a mixed German and Slavic historical and cultural region in today 's eastern German and western Poland .
Note by Wratslaw : " Little Red Hood , " like many folklore tales , is a singular mixture of myth and morality .
In Cox 's Comparative Mythology , vol. ii. , p. 831 , note , Little Redcap , or Little Red Riding Hood , is interpreted as " the evening with her scarlet robe of twilight , " who is swallowed up by the wolf of darkness , the Fenris of the Edda .
It appears to me that this explanation may suit the color of her cap or hood , but is at variance with the other incidents of the story .
I am inclined to look upon the tale as a lunar legend , although the moon is only actually red during one portion of the year , at the harvest moon in the autumn .
Red Hood is represented as wandering , like Io , who is undoubtedly the moon , through trees , the clouds , and flowers , the stars , before she reaches the place where she is intercepted by the wolf .
An eclipse to untutored minds would naturally suggest the notion that some evil beast was endeavoring to devour the moon , who is afterwards rescued by the sun , the archer of the heavens , whose bow and arrow are by a common anachronism represented in the story by a gun .
Though the moon is masculine in Slavonic , as in German , yet she is a lady , " my lady Luna , " in the Croatian legend no .
53 , below [ " The Daughter of the King of the Vilas " ] .
In the Norse mythology , when Loki is let loose at the end of the world , he is to " hurry in the form of a wolf to swallow the moon " ( Cox ii. , p. 200 ) .
The present masculine Slavonic word for moon , which is also that for month , mesic , or mesec , is a secondary formation , the original word having perished .
In Greek and Latin the moon is always feminine .
Return to the table of contents .
Italy / Austria
After a while Little Red Hat set out for her grandmother 's house , and she met an ogre , who said , " Hello , my dear Little Red Hat .
Where are you going ? "
" I am going to my grandmother 's to take her some soup . "
" Good , " he replied , " I 'll come along too .
Are you going across the stones or the thorns ? "
" I 'm going across the stones , " said the girl .
" Then I 'll go across the thorns , " replied the ogre .
They left .
But on the way Little Red Hat came to a meadow where beautiful flowers of all colors were in bloom , and the girl picked as many as her heart desired .
Meanwhile the ogre hurried on his way , and although he had to cross the thorns , he arrived at the house before Little Red Hat .
He went inside , killed the grandmother , ate her up , and climbed into her bed .
He also tied her intestine onto the door in place of the latch string and placed her blood , teeth , and jaws in the kitchen cupboard .
He had barely climbed into bed when Little Red Hat arrived and knocked at the door .
" Come in " called the ogre with a dampened voice .
Little Red
Hat tried to open the door , but when she noticed that she was pulling on something soft , she called out , " Grandmother , this thing is so soft ! "
" Just pull and keep quiet .
It is your grandmother 's intestine ! "
" What did you say ? "
" Just pull and keep quiet ! "
Little Red
Hat opened the door , went inside , and said , " Grandmother , I am hungry . "
The ogre replied , " Go to the kitchen cupboard .
There is still a little rice there . "
Little Red
Hat went to the cupboard and took the teeth out .
" Grandmother , these things are very hard ! "
" Eat and keep quiet .
They are your grandmother 's teeth ! "
" What did you say ? "
" Eat and keep quiet ! "
A little while later Little Red Hat said , " Grandmother , I 'm still hungry . "
" Go back to the cupboard , " said the ogre .
" You will find two pieces of chopped meat there . "
Little Red
Hat went to the cupboard and took out the jaws .
" Grandmother , this is very red ! "
" Eat and keep quiet .
They are your grandmother 's jaws ! "
" What did you say ? "
" Eat and keep quiet ! "
A little while later Little Red Hat said , " Grandmother , I 'm thirsty . "
" Just look in the cupboard , " said the ogre .
" There must be a little wine there . "
Little Red
Hat went to the cupboard and took out the blood .
" Grandmother , this wine is very red ! "
" Drink and keep quiet .
It is your grandmother 's blood !
" What did you say ? "
" Just drink and keep quiet ! "
A little while later Little Red Hat said , " Grandmother , I 'm sleepy . "
" Take off your clothes and get into bed with me ! " replied the ogre .
Little Red
Hat got into bed and noticed something hairy .
" Grandmother , you are so hairy ! "
" That comes with age , " said the ogre .
" Grandmother , you have such long legs ! "
" That comes from walking . "
" Grandmother , you have such long hands ! "
" That comes from working . "
" Grandmother , you have such long ears ! "
" That comes from listening . "
" Grandmother , you have such a big mouth ! "
" That comes from eating children ! " said the ogre , and bam , he swallowed Little Red Hat with one gulp .
France
So the little girl set forth .
Where two paths crossed she met the bzou [ werewolf ] , who said to her , " Where are you going ? "
" I am carrying a hot loaf and a bottle of milk to my grandmother . "
" Which path are you taking ?
said the bzou .
" The one of needles or the one of pins ? "
" The one of needles , " said the little girl .
" Good !
I am taking the one of pins . "
The little girl entertained herself by gathering needles .
The bzou arrived at the grandmother 's house and killed her .
He put some of her flesh in the pantry and a bottle of her blood on the shelf .
The little girl arrived and knocked at the door .
" Push on the door , " said the bzou .
" It is blocked with a pail of water . "
" Good day , grandmother .
I have brought you a hot loaf and a bottle of milk . "
" Put it in the pantry , my child .
Take some of the meat that is there , and the bottle of wine that is on the shelf . "
While she was eating , a little cat that was there said , " For shame !
The slut is eating her grandmother 's flesh and drinking her grandmother 's blood . "
" Get undressed , my child , " said the bzou , and come to bed with me . "
" Where should I put my apron ? "
" Throw it into the fire .
You wo n't need it anymore . "
And for all her clothes -- her bodice , her dress , her petticoat , and her shoes and stockings -- she asked where she should put them , and the wolf replied , " Throw them into the fire , my child .
You wo n't need them anymore . "
When she had gone to bed the little girl said , " Oh , grandmother , how hairy you are ! "
" The better to keep myself warm , my child . "
" Oh , grandmother , what long nails you have ! "
" The better to scratch myself with , my child ! "
" Oh , grandmother , what big shoulders you have ! "
" The better to carry firewood with , my child ! "
" Oh , grandmother , what big ears you have ! "
" The better to hear with , my child ! "
" Oh , grandmother , what a big nose you have ! "
" To better take my tobacco with , my child ! "
" Oh , grandmother , what a big mouth you have ! "
" The better to eat you with , my child ! "
" Oh , grandmother , I have to do it outside ! "
" Do it in the bed , my child ! "
" Oh no , grandmother , I really have to do it outside . "
" All right , but do n't take too long . "
The bzou tied a woolen thread to her foot and let her go .
As soon as the little girl was outside she tied the end of the thread to a plum tree in the yard .
The bzou grew impatient and said , " Are you doing a load ?
Are you doing a load ? "
Not hearing anyone reply , he jumped out of bed and hurried after the little girl , who had escaped .
He followed her , but he arrived at her home just as she went inside .
Charles Marelles
Only listen .
The story begins something like the tale .
There was once a little peasant girl , pretty and nice as a star in its season .
Her real name was Blanchette , but she was more often called Little Golden - Hood , on account of a wonderful little cloak with a hood , gold - and fire - colored , which she always had on .
This little hood was given her by her grandmother , who was so old that she did not know her age ; it ought to bring her good luck , for it was made of a ray of sunshine , she said .
And as the good old woman was considered something of a witch , everyone thought the little hood rather bewitched too .
And so it was , as you will see .
One day the mother said to the child , " Let us see , my Little Golden - Hood , if you know now how to find your way by yourself .
You shall take this good piece of cake to your grandmother for a Sunday treat tomorrow .
You will ask her how she is , and come back at once , without stopping to chatter on the way with people you do n't know .
Do you quite understand ? "
" I quite understand , " replied Blanchette gaily .
And off she went with the cake , quite proud of her errand .
But the grandmother lived in another village , and there was a big wood to cross before getting there .
At a turn of the road under the trees , suddenly , " Who goes there ? "
" Friend wolf . "
He had seen the child start alone , and the villain was waiting to devour her ; when at the same moment he perceived some woodcutters who might observe him , and he changed his mind .
Instead of falling upon Blanchette he came frisking up to her like a good dog .
" ' Tis you ! my nice Little Golden - Hood , " said he .
So the little girl stops to talk with the wolf , who , for all that , she did not know in the least .
" You know me , then ! " said she .
" What is your name ? "
" My name is friend wolf .
And where are you going thus , my pretty one , with your little basket on your arm ? "
" I am going to my grandmother , to take her a good piece of cake for her Sunday treat tomorrow . "
" And where does she live , your grandmother ? "
" She lives at the other side of the wood , in the first house in the village , near the windmill , you know . "
" Ah ! yes !
I know now , " said the wolf .
" Well , that 's just where I 'm going ; I shall get there before you , no doubt , with your little bits of legs , and I 'll tell her you 're coming to see her ; then she 'll wait for you . "
Thereupon the wolf cuts across the wood , and in five minutes arrives at the grandmother 's house .
He knocks at the door : toc , toc .
No answer .
He knocks louder .
Nobody .
Then he stands up on end , puts his two forepaws on the latch and the door opens .
Not a soul in the house .
The old woman had risen early to sell herbs in the town , and she had gone off in such haste that she had left her bed unmade , with her great nightcap on the pillow .
" Good ! " said the wolf to himself , " I know what I 'll do . "
He shuts the door , pulls on the grandmother 's nightcap down to his eyes , then he lies down all his length in the bed and draws the curtains .
In the meantime the good Blanchette went quietly on her way , as little girls do , amusing herself here and there by picking Easter daisies , watching the little birds making their nests , and running after the butterflies which fluttered in the sunshine .
At last she arrives at the door .
Knock , knock .
" Who is there ? " says the wolf , softening his rough voice as best he can .
" It 's me , Granny , your Little Golden - Hood .
I 'm bringing you a big piece of cake for your Sunday treat tomorrow . "
" Press your finger on the latch , then push and the door opens . "
" Why , you 've got a cold , Granny , " said she , coming in .
" Ahem !
a little , a little . . . " replies the wolf , pretending to cough .
" Shut the door well , my little lamb .
Put your basket on the table , and then take off your frock and come and lie down by me .
You shall rest a little . "
The good child undresses , but observe this !
She kept her little hood upon her head .
When she saw what a figure her Granny cut in bed , the poor little thing was much surprised .
" Oh ! " cries she , " how like you are to friend wolf , Grandmother ! "
" That 's on account of my nightcap , child , " replies the wolf .
" Oh ! what hairy arms you 've got , Grandmother ! "
" All the better to hug you , my child . "
" Oh ! what a big tongue you 've got , Grandmother ! "
" All the better for answering , child . "
" Oh ! what a mouthful of great white teeth you have , Grandmother ! "
" That 's for crunching little children with ! "
And the wolf opened his jaws wide to swallow Blanchette .
But she put down her head crying , " Mamma ! Mamma ! " and the wolf only caught her little hood .
Thereupon , oh dear !
oh dear !
he draws back , crying and shaking his jaw as if he had swallowed red - hot coals .
It was the little fire - colored hood that had burnt his tongue right down his throat .
The little hood , you see , was one of those magic caps that they used to have in former times , in the stories , for making oneself invisible or invulnerable .
So there was the wolf with his throat burnt , jumping off the bed and trying to find the door , howling and howling as if all the dogs in the country were at his heels .
Just at this moment the grandmother arrives , returning from the town with her long sack empty on her shoulder .
" Ah , brigand ! " she cries , " wait a bit ! "
Quickly she opens her sack wide across the door , and the maddened wolf springs in head downwards .
It is he now that is caught , swallowed like a letter in the post .
For the brave old dame shuts her sack , so ; and she runs and empties it in the well , where the vagabond , still howling , tumbles in and is drowned .
" Ah , scoundrel !
you thought you would crunch my little grandchild !
Well , tomorrow we will make her a muff of your skin , and you yourself shall be crunched , for we will give your carcass to the dogs . "
Thereupon the grandmother hastened to dress poor Blanchette , who was still trembling with fear in the bed .
" Well , " she said to her , " without my little hood where would you be now , darling ? "
And , to restore heart and legs to the child , she made her eat a good piece of her cake , and drink a good draught of wine , after which she took her by the hand and led her back to the house .
And then , who was it who scolded her when she knew all that had happened ?
It was the mother .
But Blanchette promised over and over again that she would never more stop to listen to a wolf , so that at last the mother forgave her .
And Blanchette , the Little Golden - Hood , kept her word .
And in fine weather she may still be seen in the fields with her pretty little hood , the color of the sun .
But to see her you must rise early .
Beatrix Potter
-- Listen to the story of Jemima Puddle - duck , who was annoyed because the farmer 's wife would not let her hatch her own eggs .
Her sister - in - law , Mrs. Rebeccah Puddle - duck , was perfectly willing to leave the hatching to some one else -- " I have not the patience to sit on a nest for twenty - eight days ; and no more have you , Jemima .
You would let them go cold ; you know you would ! "
" I wish to hatch my own eggs ; I will hatch them all by myself , " quacked Jemima Puddle - duck .
She tried to hide her eggs ; but they were always found and carried off .
Jemima Puddle - duck became quite desperate .
She determined to make a nest right away from the farm .
She set off on a fine spring afternoon along the cart - road that leads over the hill .
She was wearing a shawl and a poke bonnet .
When she reached the top of the hill , she saw a wood in the distance .
She thought that it looked a safe quiet spot .
Jemima Puddle - duck was not much in the habit of flying .
She ran downhill a few yards flapping her shawl , and then she jumped off into the air .
She flew beautifully when she had got a good start .
She skimmed along over the tree - tops until she saw an open place in the middle of the wood , where the trees and brushwood had been cleared .
Jemima alighted rather heavily , and began to waddle about in search of a convenient dry nesting - place .
She rather fancied a tree - stump amongst some tall fox - gloves .
But -- seated upon the stump , she was startled to find an elegantly dressed gentleman reading a newspaper .
He had black prick ears and sandy coloured whiskers .
" Quack ? " said Jemima Puddle - duck , with her head and her bonnet on one side -- " Quack ? "
The gentleman raised his eyes above his newspaper and looked curiously at Jemima --
" Madam , have you lost your way ? " said he .
He had a long bushy tail which he was sitting upon , as the stump was somewhat damp .
Jemima thought him mighty civil and handsome .
She explained that she had not lost her way , but that she was trying to find a convenient dry nesting - place .
" Ah ! is that so ?
indeed ! " said the gentleman with sandy whiskers , looking curiously at Jemima .
He folded up the newspaper , and put it in his coat - tail pocket .
Jemima complained of the superfluous hen .
" Indeed ! how interesting !
I wish I could meet with that fowl .
I would teach it to mind its own business ! "
" But as to a nest -- there is no difficulty : I have a sackful of feathers in my wood - shed .
No , my dear madam , you will be in nobody 's way .
You may sit there as long as you like , " said the bushy long - tailed gentleman .
He led the way to a very retired , dismal - looking house amongst the fox - gloves .
It was built of faggots and turf , and there were two broken pails , one on top of another , by way of a chimney .
" This is my summer residence ; you would not find my earth -- my winter house -- so convenient , " said the hospitable gentleman .
There was a tumble - down shed at the back of the house , made of old soap - boxes .
The gentleman opened the door , and showed Jemima in .
The shed was almost quite full of feathers -- it was almost suffocating ; but it was comfortable and very soft .
Jemima Puddle - duck was rather surprised to find such a vast quantity of feathers .
But it was very comfortable ; and she made a nest without any trouble at all .
When she came out , the sandy whiskered gentleman was sitting on a log reading the newspaper -- at least he had it spread out , but he was looking over the top of it .
He was so polite , that he seemed almost sorry to let Jemima go home for the night .
He promised to take great care of her nest until she came back again next day .
He said he loved eggs and ducklings ; he should be proud to see a fine nestful in his wood - shed .
Jemima Puddle - duck came every afternoon ; she laid nine eggs in the nest .
They were greeny white and very large .
The foxy gentleman admired them immensely .
He used to turn them over and count them when Jemima was not there .
At last Jemima told him that she intended to begin to sit next day -- " and I will bring a bag of corn with me , so that I need never leave my nest until the eggs are hatched .
They might catch cold , " said the conscientious Jemima .
" Madam , I beg you not to trouble yourself with a bag ; I will provide oats .
But before you commence your tedious sitting , I intend to give you a treat .
Let us have a dinner - party all to ourselves !
" May I ask you to bring up some herbs from the farm - garden to make a savoury omelette ?
Sage and thyme , and mint and two onions , and some parsley .
I will provide lard for the stuff - lard for the omelette , " said the hospitable gentleman with sandy whiskers .
Jemima Puddle - duck was a simpleton : not even the mention of sage and onions made her suspicious .
She went round the farm - garden , nibbling off snippets of all the different sorts of herbs that are used for stuffing roast duck .
And she waddled into the kitchen , and got two onions out of a basket .
The collie - dog Kep met her coming out , " What are you doing with those onions ?
Where do you go every afternoon by yourself , Jemima Puddle - duck ? "
Jemima was rather in awe of the collie ; she told him the whole story .
The collie listened , with his wise head on one side ; he grinned when she described the polite gentleman with sandy whiskers .
He asked several questions about the wood , and about the exact position of the house and shed .
Then he went out , and trotted down the village .
He went to look for two fox - hound puppies who were out at walk with the butcher .
Jemima Puddle - duck went up the cart - road for the last time , on a sunny afternoon .
She was rather burdened with bunches of herbs and two onions in a bag .
She flew over the wood , and alighted opposite the house of the bushy long - tailed gentleman .
He was sitting on a log ; he sniffed the air , and kept glancing uneasily round the wood .
When Jemima alighted he quite jumped .
" Come into the house as soon as you have looked at your eggs .
Give me the herbs for the omelette .
Be sharp ! "
He was rather abrupt .
Jemima Puddle - duck had never heard him speak like that .
She felt surprised , and uncomfortable .
While she was inside she heard pattering feet round the back of the shed .
Some one with a black nose sniffed at the bottom of the door , and then locked it .
Jemima became much alarmed .
A moment afterwards there were most awful noises -- barking , baying , growls and howls , squealing and groans .
And nothing more was ever seen of that foxy - whiskered gentleman .
Presently Kep opened the door of the shed , and let out Jemima Puddle - duck .
Unfortunately the puppies rushed in and gobbled up all the eggs before he could stop them .
He had a bite on his ear and both the puppies were limping .
Jemima Puddle - duck was escorted home in tears on account of those eggs .
She laid some more in June , and she was permitted to keep them herself : but only four of them hatched .
Jemima Puddle - duck said that it was because of her nerves ; but she had always been a bad sitter .
Additional texts
Essays and Internet sites
Return to
The table of contents .
D. L. Ashliman 's folktexts , a library of folktales , folklore , fairy tales , and mythology .
Revised April 8 , 2018 .
It was Meryl Streep ’s idea to auction off The Devil Wears Prada ’s couture costumes to benefit women ’s charities at the St. Regis last week , but it was surprise lots from the stars that brought in the big bucks .
Christine Schwarzman ( wife of Steve ) paid $ 8,000 for drinks and shoe shopping with Stanley Tucci .
Then Anne Hathaway offered her baby - sitting services .
“ You have to prove you actually have children , according to my boyfriend , ” she joked .
“ Come on !
Give your kids a memory !
I ’ll bring cupcakes ! ”
Bidding was so furious that , at CAA honcho Kevin Huvane ’s request , Hathaway sold two two - hour gigs at $ 20,000 apiece ( the buyers were Dan and Cynthia Lufkin and Craig and Caryn Effron , whose East Seventies townhouse was Streep ’s home in the movie ) .
Streep offered to dish Hollywood dirt at tea ( “ mar - tea - ni ” ) at the St. Regis , but by then the room ’s fervor had died down .
“ Anne Hathaway , you paid more for her .
Do n’t think I did n’t notice , ” Streep said with a sigh , before raising her hand and volunteering “ $ 17,000 … to drink alone . ”
A minute later , a Public Theater board member bought the tea for $ 18,000 .
Next : Charlie Rose Getting Social Again
