Serb discusses 1999 downing of stealth SKORENOVAC , Serbia - Montenegro ( AP )  Col. Zoltan Dani was behind one of the most spectacular losses ever suffered by the U.S. Air Force : the 1999 shooting down of an F - 117A stealth fighter .
An F - 117A Nighthawk stealth fighter pilot lowers the plane 's landing gear and approaches the runway .
By Ellis Neel , Alamogordo Daily News via AP
Now , for the first time since that night six years ago , the former Serbian commander of an anti-aircraft missile battery has consented to speak publicly to Western media about the circumstances surrounding the unprecedented downing of a U.S. stealth plane .
The hit on the radar - evading plane on March 27 , 1999 , during the 78 - day NATO campaign over Serbia , triggered doubts not only about the F - 117s , but also about the entire concept of stealth technology on which the U.S. Air Force has based its newest generation of warplanes .
Military analysts debated how the planes would fare in a war against a militarily sophisticated opponent if an obsolescent air defense such as Serbia 's could manage to track and destroy them .
In an interview this week with The Associated Press , Dani said the F - 117 was detected and shot down during a moonless night — just three days into the war — by a Soviet - made SA - 3 Goa surface - to - air missile .
" We used a little innovation to update our 1960s - vintage SAMs to detect the Nighthawk , " Dani said .
He declined to discuss specifics , saying the exact nature of the modification to the warhead 's guidance system remains a military secret .
It involved " electromagnetic waves , " was all that Dani — who now owns a small bakery in this sleepy village just north of Belgrade — would divulge .
The F - 117 was developed in great secrecy in the 1970s .
It entered service in 1983 but was not revealed officially until 1988 .
It saw its first combat in the 1989 invasion of Panama and was a star of the 1991 Gulf War .
" Long before the 1999 war , I took keen interest in the stealth fighter and on how it could be detected , " said Dani , who has been hailed in Serbia as a war hero .
" And I concluded that there are no invisible aircraft , but only less visible . "
The F - 117 was one of only two allied aircraft shot down in the war .
The other was an F - 16 fighter , which the U.S. Air Force said was also hit by an SA - 3 .
Both pilots bailed out and were rescued by NATO helicopters .
Dani said his anti-aircraft missile regiment , tasked with the anti-aircraft defense of the Serbian capital , Belgrade , downed the F - 16 .
Several other NATO warplanes were damaged by missile hits but managed to struggle back to bases in neighboring Bosnia , Macedonia or Croatia .
At least one is said to have ditched into the Adriatic Sea as it attempted to regain its base in Italy .
Despite NATO 's near - total air supremacy , the alliance never succeeded in knocking out Dani 's batteries .
The Serb SAMs remained a potent threat throughout the conflict , forcing attacking warplanes to altitudes above 15,000 feet , where they were safe from surface - to - air missiles but far less effective in a ground attack role .
NATO won the war in June 1999 , after President Slobodan Milosevic decided to withdraw his largely intact army from Kosovo , following the destruction of numerous government buildings , bridges and other infrastructure targets throughout Serbia .
" The Americans entered the war a bit overconfident , " Dani said .
" They thought they could crush us without real resistance . "
" At times , they acted like amateurs , " Dani said , listing some ways the Serbs managed to breach NATO communications security , including eavesdropping on pilots ' conversations with AWACS surveillance planes .
" I personally listened to their pilots ' conversations , learning about their routes and bombing plans , " Dani said .
Dani said that his unit has had annual reunions on every March 27 since 1999 when a cake in the shape of the F - 117 is served .
Copyright 2005 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Nader explains how the Nuremberg Principles allow military personnel to refuse orders for illegal actions such as a war of aggression on Iran .
Questioner quotes Lt. Col. Bob Bowman , former director of Star Wars , who says impeachment proceedings would help military brass refuse orders to make an unprovoked attack on Iran .
Follow the links in the article to explore an interactive map of cancer survival rates
More : Explore our interactive map of cancer survival rates
Women with cancer of the breast , colon or rectum have the best chance of survival if they live in Cuba .
Algeria , in contrast , is one of the worst places to be if you have cancer .
Those are just two of many conclusions from a worldwide study comparing survival rates in nearly 2 million cancer patients .
In general , people in North America , Western Europe and other developed countries do better than people from Africa , South America and Eastern Europe .
Advertisement
Within the US , the analysis showed that black people with cancer have a worse chance of survival than white people .
For breast cancer , white women had an 84.7 % chance of surviving for five years after diagnosis , while for blacks the figure was 70.9 % .
The black - white disparity was also true of each of the smaller sub-populations within the US that the team were able to analyse .
New York was the worst overall city in the US to live in .
Michel Coleman of the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine , and colleagues from around the world , pulled together data from 31 countries across five continents .
They looked at cancer of the breast and prostate – in , respectively , women and men only – and of the colorectum in both sexes .
Countries vary in their background mortality rate for many reasons , including crime rates , food availability and water quality .
Accordingly , the team calculated “ relative survival rates ” , which attempt to eliminate variation caused by these factors .
Journal reference : The Lancet Oncology ( DOI : 10.1016/S1470-2045(08)70179-7 )
More : Explore our interactive map of cancer survival rates
Cancer – Learn more about one of the world ’s biggest killers in our comprehensive special report .
“ This is probably the most popular subject we are dealing with this year , ” said Mr. Barthassat , who has introduced a bill that would ban the import , export and domestic commercial trade in cat fur .
“ By this summer , it will be resolved .
It is very personal for many people because cats are more than animals to us . ”
Regardless of how common it is , news media reports over the past year across Europe portraying Switzerland as a cat - slaying haven have helped S O S Chats press its case .
“ The politicians must be careful what they say , but that they are helping us is a good thing , ” said Tomi Tomek , the director of S O S Chats , who has lived since 1981 at a 260 - cat shelter nestled in the rugged western Swiss mountains near Neuchâtel .
“ All of this publicity has driven the trade underground , and that is good , too . ”
The matter would most likely have reached the Swiss Parliament in some form this year regardless of the activism and publicity because the European Union has required member states to prohibit the import and export of cat fur by the end of 2008 anyway .
Switzerland is not a member of the Union but does have treaties that require it to adhere to many of its rules on trade matters .
Mr. Barthassat ’s effort to end the domestic trade , however , is a step beyond the European Union ’s demands .
Ms. Tomek said her organization had spent a decade trying to bring attention to the use of cat fur and the theft of domestic cats .
She said one of the biggest problems her group faced was to convince people that there really was a trade in cat fur .
“ For a long time , nobody believed us because we had no proof , ” she said .
“ We would call up the tanners and tell them who we were and ask them , and they would never admit they did this .
Then we started just pretending we wanted to order some cat fur , and they sold to us .
Now we are not seen as liars anymore . ”
Armed with a thicket of receipts showing purchases by S O S Chats of cat fur garments as recently as last August , Ms. Tomek approached journalists from across Europe , persuading several to look into the matter .
Until she saw the news reports , Mrs. Nydegger herself dismissed Mrs. Tomek and others as radicals .
But the loss of her third cat , Merlin , was particularly shocking because he was so loyal and well behaved , often taking walks with her and her dogs without a leash .
That Merlin would have wandered off , she said , is “ just completely impossible . ”
HuffPost is part of Verizon Media .
We and our partners will store and / or access information on your device through the use of cookies and similar technologies , to display personalised ads and content , for ad and content measurement , audience insights and product development .
Your personal data that may be used
Information about your device and internet connection , including your IP address
Browsing and search activity while using Verizon Media websites and apps
Precise location
Find out more about how we use your information in our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy .
To enable Verizon Media and our partners to process your personal data select ' I agree ' , or select ' Manage settings ' for more information and to manage your choices .
You can change your choices at any time by visiting Your Privacy Controls .
Americans ' unhappy birthday : ' Too much wrong '
Even folks in the Optimist Club are having a tough time toeing an upbeat line these days .
Eighteen members of the volunteer organization 's Gilbert , Ariz. , chapter have gathered , a few days before this nation 's 232nd birthday , to focus on the positive :
Their book drive for schoolchildren and an Independence Day project to place American flags along the streets of one neighborhood .
They beam through the Pledge of Allegiance , applaud each other 's good news -- a house that recently sold despite Arizona 's down market , and one member 's valiant battle with cancer .
" I did n't die , " she says as the others cheer .
But then talk turns to the state of the Union , and the Optimists become decidedly bleak .
They use words such as " terrified , " " disgusted " and " scary " to describe what one calls " this mess " we Americans find ourselves in .
Then comes the list of problems constituting the mess : a protracted war , $ 4 - a - gallon gas , soaring food prices , uncertainty about jobs , an erratic stock market , a tougher housing market , and so on and so forth .
One member 's son is serving his second tour in Iraq .
Another speaks of a daughter who 's lost her job in the mortgage industry and a son in construction whose salary was slashed .
Still another mentions a friend who can barely afford gas .
Joanne Kontak , 60 , an elementary school lunch aide inducted just this day as an Optimist , sums things up like this : " There 's just entirely too much wrong right now . "
Happy birthday , America ?
This year , we 're not so sure .
The nation 's psyche is battered and bruised , the sense of pessimism palpable .
Young or old , Republican or Democrat , economically stable or struggling , Americans are questioning where they are and where they are going .
And they wonder who or what might ride to their rescue .
These are more than mere gripes , but rather an expression of fears -- concerns reflected not only in the many recent polls that show consumer confidence plummeting , personal happiness waning and more folks worrying that the country is headed in the wrong direction , but also in conversations happening all across the land .
" There are so many things you have to do to survive now , " says Larue Lawson of Forest Park , Ill .
" It used to be just clothes on your back , food on the table and a roof over your head .
Now , it 's everything .
" I wish it was just simpler . "
Lawson , mind you , is all of 16 years old .
Then there 's this from Sherry White in Orlando , Fla. , who has a half - century in years and experience on the teenager : " There is a sense of helplessness everywhere you look .
It 's like you 're stuck in one spot , and you can't do anything about it . "
In 1931 , when the historian James Truslow Adams coined the phrase " The American Dream , " he wrote of " a land in which life should be better and richer and fuller for everyone , with opportunity for each according to ability or achievement . "
In 2008 , using history as a yardstick , life actually is better and richer and fuller , with more opportunities than ever before .
" Objectively things are going real well , " says author Gregg Easterbrook , who discusses the disconnect in his book " The Progress Paradox : How Life Gets Better While People Feel Worse . "
He ticks off supporting statistics : A relatively low unemployment rate , 5.5 percent in June .
( Employers did , indeed , cut payrolls last month by 62,000 jobs , but consider the 10.1 rate of June 1983 or the 7.8 rate of June 1992 . )
Declining rates of violent crimes , property crimes and big-city murders .
Declining rates of disease .
Higher standards of living for the middle class and the working poor .
And incomes that , for many , are rising above the rate of inflation .
So why has the pursuit of happiness -- a fundamental right , the Declaration of Independence assures us -- become such a challenging undertaking ?
Some of the gloom and doom may simply reflect a society that demands more and expects to have it yesterday , but in many cases there 's nothing imaginary about the problems .
Just listen to farmer Ricardo Vallot , who is clinging tight to his livelihood .
Vallot expects to spend hundreds of thousands of dollars on diesel fuel to plant and harvest his family 's sugar cane crop in Vermilion Parish , La .
His two combines burn up to 150 gallons a day , and with diesel running an average of $ 4.68 a gallon in the region , he sees his profits burning away , too .
" My God , it 's horrible , it really is , " the 33 - year - old says , adding : " If diesel goes north of five , it will be really difficult at the price we 're getting to stay in farming . "
Stay - at - home - mom Heather Hammack grapples with tough decisions daily about how to spend her family 's dwindling income in the face of rising food costs .
One day , she priced strawberries at $ 1.75 .
The next day , they were $ 2.28 .
" I could cry , " she responds when asked how things are .
" We used to have more money than we knew what to do with .
Now , I have to decide :
Do I pay the electric this week ?
Do I pay for gas ?
Do I get groceries ? " says Hammack , 24 , who lives with her boyfriend , a window installer , and their 5 - year - old son in a rented home in rural Rowlesburg , W.Va .
" You ca n't get ahead .
You can't save money .
You can't buy a house .
It just stinks . "
Those " right direction , wrong direction " polls -- the latest of which , in June , had only 14 to 17 percent of Americans saying the country is going the right way -- show a general level of pessimism that is the worst in almost 30 years .
Those feelings , coupled with government corruption scandals , lingering doubts over whether the Iraq war was justified , even memories of the chaotic response to Hurricane Katrina , have culminated in an erosion of our customary faith that elected leaders can get us out of a jam .
Says Arizona retiree Dian Kinsman : " You have no faith in anybody at the top .
I do n't trust anybody , and I 'm really disgusted about it . "
Stoking the furor is that Americans seem to feel helpless .
After all , how can the average Joe or Jane control the price of gas or end the war ?
" How am I , a little old West Virginia girl , going to go out and change the world ? " asks Hammack .
Still , others suggest a lack of perspective and a sense of entitlement among Americans today may make these times feel worse than they are .
At 82 , Ruth Townsend has experienced her share of downturns -- in her own life and that of the country .
She suffered a stroke years ago that left her in a wheelchair , and lives now in an assisted - living center in Orlando , Fla .
Townsend recalls World War II and having to ration almost everything : sugar , leather shoes , tires , gas .
" You made do with the little you had because you had to .
You shopped in the same stores over and over because you HAD to .
We had coupon books and stamps to figure out what we could have , " Townsend says .
Americans have gotten so used to " things , " she says , " that we can't take it when we hit a bad patch . "
Allison Alvin condemns an " out of style " values system , in which even kids have cell phones , credit card debt is out of control and families purchase four - bedroom homes they can't afford instead of the two - bedroom ones they could .
" I 'm mad at us ... all of my fellow Americans .
Maybe a little hardship would be good for us , " says Alvin , who at 36 has a job as a freight exporter in Cincinnati , a husband with a factory job , two healthy children , her own home and four cars , all paid off .
At the same time , she acknowledges feeling that " things are getting worse . "
" When you 're my age , you feel like you should be improving -- more financially stable , instead of hand - to - mouth .
It does n't matter that we 're better off than ( others ) .
It still hurts .
It 's still painful . "
Easterbrook ascribes some of this to the media , noting that talk of " crisis " has become almost trendy -- especially in an election year when politicians and pundits alike seem to feed on discontent as a catalyst for change , or ratings .
Round - the - clock saturation , shouting commentators and ceaseless images of " whatever 's burning or exploding , " he says , " give you the impression that the whole world is falling apart . "
Media reports noting that the world is n't rallying around U.S. policies also build frustration .
Perhaps that 's why one of the Arizona Optimists , Marilyn Pell , could n't help but raise her voice when referencing something she'd heard on the news :
That gas prices might rise to $ 7 a gallon by 2010 .
" What do you mean I 've gotta pay $ 7 a gallon ? " she exclaimed , even though it was just a prediction .
Such anxieties have concrete implications -- affecting how we spend , how we vote and whether we are willing to take risks .
These collective " bad moods " matter because they help steer the country 's direction just as the country 's direction shapes our mood .
Franklin D. Roosevelt expressed this when he said in the depths of the Depression : " The only thing we have to fear is fear itself . "
Perspective also varies between the haves and have - nots .
In California 's Silicon Valley , one of the wealthiest places , the nation 's housing crash can be seen as a healthy correction and a buying opportunity , and high gas prices are unpleasant , yes , but not unbearable .
Maybe it's no surprise that at Ferrari Maserati of Silicon Valley , where $ 200,000 models are still being snapped up , sales manager Larry Raphael says , " We really have n't been affected by what the media says is a low mood in the country . "
Yet in these rarefied ZIP codes , others are affected -- even if they feel personally secure .
" I worry about my gardeners and how they 're dealing with the cost of fuel , for example .
Floods , fires , there are so many things going on that are going to cost everyone money , " says Suzanne Legallet of Atherton , Calif .
Whether things are going well or not , it is part of human nature to be dissatisfied with the present state of things , says Arthur Brooks , professor of business and government policy at Syracuse University and the author of " Gross National Happiness : Why Happiness Matters for America -- And How We Can Get More of It . "
" Very few Americans wake up in the morning and say , ' This is an unbelievable country .
I 'm going to go to the supermarket , and there 's going to be food .
When I go and vote , nobody 's going to beat me up , ' " he says .
" We 're horrible at appreciating the status quo .
We 're really good at appreciating positive changes . "
With that in mind , then , Americans might take heart .
Throughout our history , tough times have proved to be learning moments that provoked course corrections .
The Civil War brought an end to slavery .
Sit-ins and mass demonstrations prompted anti-segregation laws .
Sept. 11 led to new anti-terrorism vigilance .
As Bob Dylan once said , " Chaos is a friend of mine . "
At least it can be .
Perhaps , out of these trying days , we may see a more comprehensive energy policy , a sooner - than - later resolution of the war and , even , a more profound sense of personal responsibility -- the motivation we needed to spend within our means , or make use of car - pool lanes and mass transit .
It 's happening already , in big ways and small .
Hammack planted a garden of lettuce , tomatoes , cucumbers , carrots .
" If I can save a few bucks , " she says , " I 'm going to . "
In Louisiana , Vallot buys fuel in bulk now and is looking at ways other farmers might pool together to bring the cost of diesel down further .
" We have to take matters into our own hands , " he says .
Many have , and that certainly erases some of the helplessness that begets despair .
But Americans also must recognize that happiness -- the stuff that truly fulfills and gratifies -- comes not from what we own but who we are , says Dr. David Burns , a psychiatrist at Stanford University 's School of Medicine .
" We tend to base our self - esteem on certain things that we think we need to be worthwhile as human beings .
A lot of us base it on achievement , intelligence , productivity .
Our sense of self - esteem gets tied up with our career , our income .
So when things start reversing , you begin to feel like less of a person . "
Nevertheless , says Burns , " Where joy comes from is a completely different place . "
For Ernestine Leach , it 's keeping the faith that this , too , shall pass .
" I think that it 's so deeply rooted in us , " the 59 - year - old substitute teacher says on a recent Sunday as sunlight filters through a stained - glass window at First Baptist Church in Raleigh , N.C. " It 's all that most Americans ... have ever known :
That things did get better . "
Her minister , the Rev. Dumas Harshaw Jr. , has noticed some new faces in his pews as troubles deepen .
He senses that more Americans are " in a wilderness , psychologically and spiritually , " and " are trying to find grounding . "
As Harshaw tells his congregation , we Americans are in a " season of testing . "
Katy Neild , the Arizona Optimist whose son fights on in Iraq , understands that better than most .
She worries about her child , and about the many other dilemmas confronting Americans .
" Did I cringe when I filled my car last week ?
Yes , " she says .
" But 100 years from now , if I were still alive , would I really care that I paid $ 4 a gallon for gas ?
No .
I care my grandbaby is safe and she 's well and she has a good place to live .
" Your joy ca n't be about your circumstances . "
As she says this , the other Optimists nod in agreement .
Then their president , Susan Kruse , begins reciting one of the 10 tenets of the " Optimist Creed , " and the others soon join in , their smiles returning .
" Forget the mistakes of the past , " they chime in unison , " and press on to the greater achievements of the future . "
In the end , that 's what the Optimists do .
They get their troubles off their chests , debate possible solutions -- and then move on to doing what they can to make some positive changes in their communities , and in their own lives .
A birthday lesson for all Americans , perhaps .
___ Contributing to this report were AP Writers Allen G. Breed , Martha Irvine , Todd Lewan , Martha Mendoza , Vicki Smith and Becky Bohrer .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Enlarge by Elaine Thompson , AP
In this June 10 , 2008 file photo , an American flag flutters within view of the posted prices for gasoline at a station in Cle Elum , Wash .
The nation 's psyche is battered and bruised , the sense of pessimism palpable .
The Independence Day holiday is typically a time to honor all that we are as a nation , but the feeling is there 's less to celebrate on this our 232nd birthday .
Happy ?
It would seem not .
( AP Photo / Elaine Thompson , file )
Being a Developer During a Recession
There is a growing fear that we are going into another recession if we are n't already there .
The mortgage finance issues , the massive losses that came to the hedge funds , many consecutive bad trading days , rumors of Yahoo about to layoff folks and so on .
The picture we are given is one that things are relatively bleak and that soon we will be homeless , jobless , the wife or girlfriend is ditching us and the dog is looking like he 's ready to go on the road and run with the pack .
The more immediate fear , for us developers , is being laid off because the company is n’t doing well for one reason or another .
It is reasonable to be scared but it is unreasonable to do nothing .
Now is the time to start planning for a lay - off and hopefully it will never come for you .
But I can assure you that some people reading this right now have been laid off in the past and it will probably happen to you too at some point .
It is n't the worst thing that can happen to you but you really do n't want to experience it without some kind of parachute .
First , layoffs are common .
In the late 80's and early 90's Digital Equipment Corporation ( DEC ) and Wang went through massive rounds of layoffs and saturated the market with developers .
It was difficult to get a gig during that period because of such tremendous competition .
Of course , many of the laid off guys founded new companies and hired old friends .
Second , most people remember the " Dot - com " bust that hit its peak some time during 2001 - 2002 and 2003 was the start of the recovery .
We should also remember that it was preceded by the mobile phone and telco bust that happened a year or two earlier .
The network hardware companies also took a beating as Dot - com companies stopped buying .
A lot of people were out of work but there were still jobs to be had .
You 'll hear a lot of stuff about how to avoid being laid off over the next few months .
Some will say that you need to work really hard and work on truly critical code .
Work so hard on critical items that the company can't afford to lay you off .
You 'll hear things like " keep your head down and just do what you are told " and " avoid arguing at all costs . "
Do n't take time off , do n't say no , do n't be too senior , do n't be paid too well , do n't be too junior , do n't be average , do n't stick out and be sure to stick out and get noticed for your work .
The truth : layoffs are fickle .
You can be laid off for a number of reasons completely out of your control , that of your manager and her manager .
There is no such thing as a person who can not be laid off .
You see C - level executives get ousted for just having a bad quarter or they fell out of favor with investors .
Are these people any less critical than even the best developer or architect ?
If they can go , then so can you .
The company , its investors and directors believe that they cannot succeed unless they make cuts and they can make cuts for unusual reasons regardless of how it will impact the company .
They believe that another employee will learn the work and pick up the slack , even if the product comes out later .
It 's true too , someone will learn the code and go from there .
With that , let 's talk about what to do before a layoff .
I 'm not a financial or credit adviser so take what I 'm about to say as my opinion alone .
You should contact an investment or financial adviser if you have any personal questions .
Saving some money every paycheck is critical .
That money is incredibly valuable later on down the line if you get laid off .
The cushion it provides is incredibly valuable , especially when you see your unemployment insurance check .
Some experts say that you need to have at least one year 's worth of salary saved .
This is obviously difficult , but every penny counts .
Homeowners are especially vulnerable .
In some states unemployment insurance may max out at only $ 1600 a month depending on your annual income .
Is your monthly mortgage payment more or less than that amount ?
How about your monthly living expenses : food , utilities , medical insurance and car related costs ( gas , state taxes , insurance ) ?
Can the unemployment insurance cover all that ?
No ?
Then you need savings and you need to start today .
One thing homeowners can do is refinance to a lower interest rate , but you usually need to be working to be eligible .
It may be worth your while to refinance and save the difference from your old payment and your new one .
The day you get laid off is terrible .
It truly sucks .
They hand you lots of paperwork and try to get you to sign everything .
They can often withhold severance packages until you agree not to sue them later .
Some companies do n't give severance except to executives who negotiated it in their employment agreement .
Other companies give as much as 6 months pay .
It varies but it is not required .
They can't withhold COBRA - your health insurance plan .
Most of the paperwork is pretty standard , of course , talk to a lawyer and be sure that you are comfortable signing away some rights .
The next thing you have to do is call the state and get your unemployment insurance going .
Most states require employers to put money into a pool as a part of their payrole taxes .
The state then pays the money back to laid off staff at whatever the state 's rate is .
Do n't worry so much about how much money your company paid into the fund , that does n't impact your payments .
However , the company 's unemployment insurance rate often goes up for every layoff .
It takes time for the state to process your unemployment request as they have to get in touch with the employer and verify the circumstances of your unemployment .
Being laid off and being fired are completely different in many states and it affects what your unemployment insurance rate will be .
Some states let you do the unemployment insurance registration over the phone while others require you go into an office .
You may feel like a failure in some way , but you are not .
Layoffs are supposed to be about the financial failure of the company , not your ability to perform .
If you were a poor performer they could have fired you or forced you to quit .
You are going to that office to get what taxes paid for .
It is owed to you .
The drive home after being laid off is terrible too .
You may have a wife and kids to tell and that 's a hard thing to face .
You may be single and you have to figure out how you are going to tell your parents and friends .
Its really depressing .
Now you are laid off and you have to sit at home .
You may have to make some cuts , like go out to dinner and lunch less , buy less beer or buy cheaper beer , buy less expensive clothes , go to the movies less or rent fewer movies .
The trend is clear : buy less if you can .
The first week of unemployment is hard because you may miss your friends from work .
It can be painful because one day you are having lunch with friends and then the next you are not allowed to see them at the office anymore .
You have been evicted from people that are important to you and a routine you live by .
Sure , you can still catch - up with them and have lunches and such , but it is n't the same .
Even the strong and reclusive people become depressed by these circumstances .
Looking for a new job is your new job .
It can be difficult for a number of reasons .
First , being pushed out of a job can leave you bitter and that shows up in an interview .
You have probably interviewed people that seemed angry and did n't hire them .
Second , layoffs at the height of a recession can leave you with few job options .
I checked for jobs through Hot Jobs during the Dot - com bust and saw very few postings and sometimes no postings in the Boston area .
Do a search today and you 'll find hundreds of Java developer positions in the same area .
Recruiters can be supremely helpful when they are being employed by companies .
They may be in a drought during a recession too though .
Next are the online ads .
I often wonder the value of ads on HotJobs and Dice whether the companies are showing off or are really hiring .
Craigslist.com seems to have ads from employers actively hiring .
Of course , your professional network is gold and you really should tell people about your situation .
They may get know of a company that 's hiring and get you in front of someone .
I 've painted a bleak picture so far and now I 'm going to talk about some of the joys of being out of work .
Yes , being unemployed and scraping by can be a wonderful life - changing thing that may bring you a lot of happiness .
And provided you can weather the financial drought , could be the best thing that ever happened to you .
Bear in mind that you are a developer .
You have all the skills to write your own application from scratch .
You can start your own company .
You can work for yourself and now is a good time to start .
Your skills will stay sharp and you can explore areas of application development that were not available to you in the past .
You can learn things outside of your old job too , like learning sales , marketing and finance .
It can be an incredibly valuable learning experience .
You do n't have to start your own company though .
Consider working on an OSS project fixing bugs and working your way up to being a mainline contributer .
The minimal goal is to ensure you do n't lose your valuable development skills .
There are lots of fun things you can do on the cheap too .
You can go out for a walk , a long walk , every day .
Reading is something you have plenty of time for .
And of course , you can code for several hours a day on things you are interested in .
You can also spend some time blogging ( aka writing skills ) , cooking and gardening .
You could probably paint your house too .
You can go on long drives and hikes .
One obstacle to overcome is the notion that you must get hired at your old salary , old title or even get a promotion .
It happens , but many developers will tell the tales of how employers snapped up highly skilled laid off folks on the cheap .
I talked to a manager at a defense research company during the beginning of the Dot - com crash who was excited by the layoffs happening in the area .
She was looking forward to hiring a couple of new people at lower salaries .
I lost interest immediately because I currently had a job and a front line manager probably should n't be so excited by how labor costs were coming down thanks to the misfortune of others .
Moreover , they should n't gleefully take advantage of the laid off when there is actually no financial benefit to the hiring manager .
An argument could be made that the manager can now hire a better engineer for the money , but that engineer probably has enough sense to leave when the market rebounds .
These managers are looking to cut labor costs and a laid off person has almost no room to negotiate salary or benefits .
There are some guys out there that have n't been laid off and they attribute it to their stellar performances and that 's great , good for them !
The risk is that you simply never know what is going to happen from one quarter or week to the next .
Preparing for a layoff is sort of like a squirrel preparing for winter , you hope it will never come , but you are ready if it does .
Now some of this sounds like words of experience .
I 've been laid off and it was n't a good time for about a week and I was bitter about it for a lot longer .
A few days after being laid off I started writing a lot of code every day , reading voraciously , dating more , watching a lot of movies , cooking , spending a lot of time outdoors , looking for a new job every day and met my future wife .
I had saved ahead of time and had a low mortgage .
I look back at that time as being one of the best times of my life , but only because I had the savings .
Imagine covering Fox News for a living
For some of us , keeping an eye on Fox News ’ partisan and unprofessional antics is a habit of morbid curiosity .
For the great folks at Media Matters , monitoring Fox News is part of an ambitious drive to bring some accountability to modern journalism .
But imagine being a media reporter for a legitimate news outlet , and trying to cover Fox News objectively .
That has to difficult .
The NYT ’s David Carr is a media columnist , and has to cover the Republican network as part of his duties .
He explained today what that ’s like to even consider writing about Fox News in a fascinating item .
Once the public relations apparatus at Fox News is engaged , there will be the calls to my editors , keening ( and sometimes threatening ) e-mail messages , and my requests for interviews will quickly turn into depositions about my intent or who else I am talking to .
And if all that stuff does n’t slow me down and I actually end up writing something , there might be a large hangover :
Phone calls full of rebuke for a dependent clause in the third to the last paragraph , a ritual spanking in the blogs with anonymous quotes that sound very familiar , and — if I really hit the jackpot — the specter of my ungainly headshot appearing on one of Fox News ’s shows along with some stern copy about what an idiot I am . [ … ]
Media reporting about other media ’s approach to producing media is pretty confusing business to begin with .
Feelings , which are always raw for people who make their mistakes in public , will be bruised .
But that does not fully explain the scorched earth between Fox News and those who cover it .
To hear Carr tell it , Fox News operates under a well - coordinated , omerta - like code , where “ media relations is a kind of rolling opposition research operation intended to keep reporters in line by feeding and sometimes maiming them . ”
( Carr noted , “ Earlier this year , a colleague of mine said , he was writing a story about CNN ’s gains in the ratings and was told on deadline by a Fox News public relations executive that if he persisted , ‘ they ’ would go after him .
Within a day , ‘ they ’ did , smearing him around the blogs , he said . ” )
We ’re talking about what is ostensibly a news network , not an organized crime family .
The point of Carr ’s piece , however , was n’t necessarily about Fox News ’ heavy - handed operations , but rather , to raise an interesting observation about the consequences of its defensiveness .
Fox News ’s amazing coup d’etat in the cable news war has very likely been undercovered because the organization is such a handful to deal with .
Fox is so busy playing defense — mentioning it in the same story as CNN can be a high crime — that its business and journalism accomplishments do n’t get traction and the cable station never seems to attain the legitimacy it so clearly craves .
There have been few stories about Bill O’Reilly ’s softer side ( I ’m sure he has one ) , and while Shepard Smith ’s amazing reporting in New Orleans got some play , he was not cast as one of the journalistic heroes of the disaster .
The fact that Roger Ailes has won both Obie awards and Emmys does not come up a lot , nor does the fact that he donated a significant chunk of money to upgrade the student newsroom at Ohio University , his alma mater .
Instead , Mr. Ailes and Brian Lewis , his longtime head of public relations , act as if every organization that covers them is a potential threat and , in the process , have probably made it far more likely .
And as the cable news race has tightened , because CNN has gained ground during a big election year , Fox News has become more prone to lashing out .
Fun is fun , but it is getting uglier by the day out there .
The notion of “ Fox News ” and “ journalism accomplishments ” appearing in the same sentence strikes me as inherently odd , in part because I ’m hard pressed to remember the last time the news network broke a story of consequence .
Nevertheless , while I find Carr ’s point compelling , I also find the whole dynamic confusing .
Fox News wants to be taken seriously as a professional , journalistic outlet .
So , when a reporter at another outlet starts taking a look at the network , Fox News freaks out , starts making threats , and panics at the notion of being treated unfairly , further undercutting its reputation .
But if Fox News has an inferiority complex , why not — and I ’m just throwing this out there — start trying journalism for a change ?
Perhaps , instead of simply being an extension of the Republican National Committee , Fox News could use its resources to become a cable news channel ?
But , no , it wants to stick with the ridicule style that ’s brought them ratings success and it wants to punish journalists who notice .
Mr. Lewis said that members of his staff were not in the business of altering photos , that they had no control over stories that appeared on “ Fox and Friends ” or other shows , and he pointed out that it makes their job harder when they go after reporters .
He called my suggestion that there was something anti-Semitic about the depiction of Mr. Steinberg “ vile and untrue . ”
Mr. Lewis denied that his staff had threatened one of my colleagues or planted private information about him on blogs .
That comes as a surprise to reporters I talked to who say they have received e-mail messages from Fox News public relations staff that contained doctored photos , anonymous quotes and nasty items about competitors .
And two former
Fox employees said that they had participated in precisely those kinds of activities but had signed confidentiality agreements and could not say so on the record .
What a sad , strange place .
In some respects , Wednesday ’s exchange closed a final chapter of the 2006 war .
But far from ameliorating the simmering hostility between the sides , the deal has further hardened the feelings of many Israelis who charged that Hezbollah toyed with the emotions of the families of the missing soldiers up to the very end .
Image Israel took the bodies of the soldiers at Rosh Hanikra .
Credit ...
The New York Times
For the last two years , Hezbollah had refused to clarify whether the soldiers  both reservists and students at the time of their capture  were dead or alive , although Israeli officials concluded that both were badly wounded in the ambush and most likely had not survived .
But the moment of truth came only after 9 a.m. on Wednesday as the first stage of the exchange got under way at Nakkoura , on the Lebanese side of the border .
A Hezbollah representative , Wafiq Safa , announced that the soldiers ’ fate would “ now be revealed ” and gestured toward the two coffins .
After the coffins were transferred to the Israeli side of the border , it took several hours for the military authorities to positively identify the soldiers ’ remains and to inform the bereaved families who were waiting in their homes .
Then , about 5 p.m. , Mr. Kuntar and the other prisoners were taken across the border .
Although Israel has a history of trading large numbers of prisoners to obtain the release of captured soldiers , the deal with Hezbollah has stirred an especially painful debate , with some feeling the price was too high .
The great fun of Christopher Hitchens is that the commentator so often says things in formal settings you 'd expect to hear around the dinner table after many hours of wine and whisky .
The Vanity Fair columnist usually pulls this off , in part because a ribald manner is now expected of him , but there 's always the risk of pushing it too far , as in the following clip from MSNBC's Tim Russert .
Just after Hitchens jokes with pundit Andrew Sullivan to get on with his point and " do n't be such a lesbian , " he takes a regretful look toward his navel , apparently realizing he may have just put his foot in it .
Ah , Hitch , your public expects nothing less .
If MSNBC gives you a hard time , the first ten rounds are on us .
Video and transcript ( via Media Matters ) after the jump .
Click to view
" As unfortunate as this incident is , I still find it troublesome that there was far more outcry for this puppy than the fact that this marine was sent to war in another country , " he said .
Cryptome DVDs are offered by Cryptome .
Donate $ 25 for two DVDs of the Cryptome 12 - years collection of 46,000 files from June 1996 to June 2008 ( ~6.7 GB ) .
Click Paypal or mail check / MO made out to John Young , 251 West 89th Street , New York , NY 10024 .
The collection includes all files of cryptome.org , jya.com , cartome.org , eyeball - series.org and iraq - kill - maim.org , and 23,000 pages of counter - intelligence dossiers declassified by the US Army Information and Security Command , dating from 1945 to 1985 .
The DVDs will be sent anywhere worldwide without extra cost .
6 June 2008
Attention Students : Should You Get Your Ph.D. and Become a Professor ?
DIGG THIS
Recently , appearing on these pages , are several columns that would appear to incline to the negative on this question .
A. Crovelli
First was the highly unfortunate story told by Mark Crovelli about his unjust mistreatment by the Department of Political Science at the University of Colorado , Boulder .
Our hearts can only go out to this young man , and hope and trust that he can put this horrid experience behind him .
The prognostication looks good : anyone who can write so eloquently , insightfully and movingly about his sad experiences surely has a rewarding and fruitful intellectual career ahead of him .
Mark intends to switch from political science to economics , which is all to the good : the latter is far more receptive to libertarian insights , of which his forthcoming paper in the Journal of Libertarian Studies is an excellent example .
We must all take our hats off to anyone who can apply praxeological insights to international relations .
The fact that Mr. Crovelli has had this brilliant paper accepted for publication by this prestigious journal so early in his career serves as only one more bit of evidence in this regard .
We can only apply the " sour grapes " insight sparingly , but in this case I think it fully applies : a masters degree in political science would probably not count at all toward a Ph.D. in economics .
So , bad cess to the Department of Political Science at the University of Colorado , Boulder ; onward and upward for Mark Crovelli .
This author in the course of his essay links to some publications written by my friend and colleague Gary North , who has on several occasions taken the view that a career as a professor is unwise , in the extreme .
Let us consider each of these essays of his in some detail , for Dr. North counsels young people to eschew the professoriate , and I take an entirely different stance on this matter .
B. North
Part I
In the first of his three op eds on this topic , Dr. North takes the view that the academic cartel will soon break down .
Since it was written in 2000 , eight long years ago , and this particular scheme to bilk the public is still very much alive and kicking , we must take his prediction as more of an expression of hope than an actual expectation .
( However , to be fair to him , he does say that " This will take less than two decades , " and we still have quite a ways to go until 2020 ; on the other hand , in the third publication of his which we will be considering below in full he states in this regard : " It is a self - policing , tax - funded system of indoctrination .
It has worked for seventy years .
This is unlikely to change in our time . " )
As for the actual analytics of higher education , I am in full accord with Gary ; this " industry " is one heavily protected by government favoritism .
Without the deleterious arm of the state , the academy would look very different .
There are no truer words than these of his :
" Whenever you find a cartel that has existed for several decades ( such as that in higher education ) , begin a search for State intervention : civil sanctions placed on non-members who seek to enter the market through price competition . "
Where he and I part company is not so much , indeed , not at all , with regard to his description of the present economic situation of universities , his yearning for statist protectionism to end , and for a truly free enterprise situation to take its place .
Rather , it is his advice , often merely implicit in this article , that young people would be unwise to enter this field : to obtain Ph.D.s , and become professors .
For example , in his view , the likely future for them is to be paid as full - time faculty members " a pathetic $ 24,000 a year to teach 8 classes . "
He opines that the colleges of the future will " hire an army of Ph.D - holding teaching assistants at $ 15 per hour . "
Not a very attractive prospect .
However , according to this source : " … most economists who graduated with a doctorate in 1996 — 97 found full - time career - tracking jobs that paid well ( those in permanent full - time jobs in the U.S. earned an average starting salary of $ 61,000 ) . "
This accords with the pay scale for starting assistant professors at my own school .
But ponder what this means on an hourly basis .
For round numbers , assume a salary of $ 60,000 , and a teaching load of 3 courses per semester , or a total of 6 per year .
Each course meets for 3 hours per week ( well , two and a half hours ; there are three weekly 50 minute periods for a total of 150 minutes , but let that pass ; we want to be conservative here ) for 15 weeks , or , for 45 hours per semester .
Round that up to 50 hours per semester per course , so as to include exam marking ( this would be a wild overestimate for multiple choice questions which are machine made and marked ) , and a few committee meetings .
That comes to 150 hours per semester or 300 hours per year .
Given an annual salary of $ 60,000 that amounts to $ 200 per hour .
Quite a difference from North ’s " $ 15 per hour . "
An hourly $ 200 smackeroos ai n’t chicken feed !
( This compares favorably — ( see here ) — with the much " higher " salaries typically paid by jobs on Wall Street , where you have to work , oh , 60 — 70 hours per week , 50 weeks per year . )
True , in order to gain tenure and promotion one must " publish or perish . "
But that is the fun part .
If you do not enjoy writing articles and books , and then going on radio and television to talk about them , giving public speeches about them ( usually for another $ 500 — $ 1,000 per hour , plus travel and hotel expenses ) maybe you should try a different profession .
Come to think of it , pretty much the entirety of a professor ’s life is a joy ( see here ) .
If you think that standing in front of a few dozen students , and pontificating about supply and demand , the business cycle , free enterprise , etc. , is work , you ’ve got another think coming .
For the overwhelming majority of us , this is pure pleasure .
In Misesian terms , this is play ; we would be glad to do it for free if we had to .
( Okay , okay , I admit that marking exams is not a pure unalloyed pleasure . )
Part II
In the second essay of North ’s ( January 24 , 2006 ) on this topic , he steps up his criticism of the decision to earn a Ph.D. and enter the professoriate .
His charge : that there is a Ph.D. glut , and newly minted holders of doctorates will be unable to land any academic job whatsoever .
This charge is crucial to his case ; for if new Ph.D. economists cannot land a faculty position , the $ 200 per hour salary , the long vacations , etc. , are entirely irrelevant .
As a good economist , North of course acknowledges that excess supplies of anything typically result in lower prices , which tends to reduce supply and increase demand , thus ending the glut problem .
Why does this not work in academia ?
In his view , this market mechanism only works with " Experienced sellers ( who ) do get the picture .
The problem is a continuing supply of new sellers who are unfamiliar with the market and ignorant of the past supply - demand conditions . "
Well , perhaps , this sounds like people with a doctorate in poetry , or feminist studies , but seems to ill fit those who have just completed a half decade of study of the dismal science .
Here is some evidence that applications for Ph.D. programs are dependent upon actual market conditions for graduates ( table 1 of these authors is most instructive in this regard ) :
A period of malaise in the mid-1990s led to a contraction in enrollment at many economics Ph.D. programs .
The resulting reduction in the supply of new Ph.D. economists , combined with a smaller contraction in demand for new Ph.D. economists , generated , as the Wall Street Journal reported , a “ hot pursuit ” for some economics Ph.D.s , with “ even low - level candidates [ being ] treated like big shots ” ( Jon E. Hilsenrath , 2001 , p. B1 ) .
As might be expected , the scarcity of new economics Ph.D.s that materialized at the end of the decade appears to have induced more enrollments in economics Ph.D. programs , with annual matriculations rising by about 25 percent between Fall 1998 and Fall 2002 ( Charles E. Scott and John J. Siegfried , 1999 — 2003 ) . "
North ’s analysis relies on the man who " first blew the whistle on the economics of the Ph.D. , David W. Breneman … in 1968 , the year prior to the beginning of the Ph.D. glut . "
North also refers to Allan Cartter ’s work in 1964 , and Clark Kerr ’s in 1966 .
But this , too , is more than passing curious .
We are now , presumably , discussing the excess supply of economics Ph.D.s in 2008 , or , even better , 2013 , the year those entering graduate study today will start rolling off the assembly line .
How can research some four decades ago be of much relevance to our present concerns ?
Dr. North also seems to posit some sort of iron law of growth in graduate departments , based on full - time equivalent ( FTE ) considerations :
We know from Parkinson ’s Law that growth is an institutional imperative .
Administrators advance their careers by expanding the number of subordinates in their department .
So , every academic department wants more students — students of a special kind .
Students are not of equal value to a department .
The lower - division student ( freshman or sophomore ) does not rate highly in the currency of academic resource allocation : the full - time enrollment , or FTE .
The FTE figure is what justifies the hiring of a full - time faculty member .
The lower the ratio , the better .
It may take 15 lower - division students to generate one FTE .
It may take only eight Ph.D. - level graduate students to generate an FTE .
The more Ph.D. students a department can attract , the faster the growth of that department .
This is the iron law of academia .
All other economic laws are sacrificed for it , as the economist says , other things being equal .
This fact of academic economic life creates an incentive for departments to enroll lots of graduate students .
It also rewards those departments that persuade M.A. students to go into the Ph.D. program .
The Ph.D. glut has existed ever since the fall of 1969 . "
But , this can not be all that there is to it .
If it were , Ph.D. programs would have grown , in the last 40 years , like Topsy , like the lizard that ate Tokyo .
An alternative perspective to North ’s pessimism may be found here .
According to this study ,
1 . The number of economics Ph.D. degrees awarded in the U.S. fell from 1008 in 1996 to 930 in 2001 .
2 . The number of Ph.D. degrees awarded to American citizens fell from 430 in 1996 to 350 in 2001 .
This number has not been so low since the Johnson administration …
5 . The median “ time to degree ” is 5.4 years …
7 . Only four percent of finishing Ph.D. students received no financial aid whatsoever .
8 . The unemployment rate for graduating Ph.D. students is projected at 2.1 percent .
9. 23 percent found jobs outside the U.S. , down from 31 percent five years earlier .
The biggest foreign employers are , in order , Canada , South Korea , the U.K. , and Brazil , Taiwan , and Turkey .
10 .
Only six percent of Ph.D. graduates in economics say they do not like their jobs .
The median salary is $ 74,000 , again noting that not everyone responded to the questionnaire .
The bottom line ?
It ’s a great life .
Sign up now .
Another study , by John Cawley ( his is the most comprehensive of those I have read ; I highly recommend this to all those contemplating a career in academia ) offers this assessment of the job market : " … almost everyone lands a job that they like .
In a survey of new economics Ph.D.s in 2001 — 2002 , Siegfried and Stock ( 2004 ) find that only 2.1 % were unemployed shortly after the job search season .
Moreover , 94 % of the new Ph.D. economists in 2001 — 2002 reported that they liked their jobs very much or fairly well ( Siegfried and Stock , 2004 ) . "
And here is quite an optimistic , and , I think , more realistic assessment from economist Bryan Caplan :
" … economists ’ wages are relatively high for the following reason .
Few people , as a teenager , say to their parents : u2018I want to be an economist when I grow up . ’
Yet many people wish to be writers , astronauts , professional athletes , scientists , psychologists , and so on .
I do n’t know of any situation comedy where the lead star is an economist .
So our relative lack of popularity keeps the supply low and our wages relatively high . "
I have on more than one occasion had friendly debates with Bryan regarding several technical issues in economics .
But on this matter , I am entirely in accord with him .
Gary North , Ph.D. , ( emphasis , mine ) continues with his pessimistic outlook claiming that new assistant professors are typically given large classrooms , which do not usually allow them to do the research necessary for acquiring tenure .
So they are let go after six years ( not eight , as per North ) , and then confined to the swamps of community colleges , there to earn that proverbial " $ 10 to $ 15 an hour . "
Well , let ’s see .
According to this source , the average salary for a community college faculty member … nationally … was $ 53,934 .
Round this up to $ 54,000 ( hey , give me a break , I ’m trying to make a point here ) .
Assume that the professor teaches 5 courses of 3 hours each for 30 weeks a year ( yes , these people get long vacations too ) .
That amounts to 450 hours per year ( we ignore publishing requirements , committee meetings , marking essays , since there are virtually none in this sector of academia ) , or $ 120 per hour , roughly 10 times North ’s estimate of " $ 10 to $ 15 an hour . "
I wonder at the source of his calculations .
Next , North asks : " Who gets an entry - level position at Boonsdocksville State University , which in 1960 was a public schools teacher training college ?
New graduates with Ph.D.s from the two - dozen major universities .
" Then what happens to graduates with Ph.D.s issued by Boonsdocksville State ?
They go straight into the community college circuit . "
Again , not so , not so .
In order to test this empirical claim of his , I wrote to a dozen or so institutions of higher learning .
It is a bit insulting to regard them as " Boonsdocksville State , " but these institutions were chosen since none of their Ph.D. programs is ranked very highly .
( For rankings of graduate programs in economics , see here , here , here and here . )
I sent them this letter :
Dear Colleague :
I am doing a bit of research regarding the placement of recent economics Ph.D. students in academia .
Could you please tell me the name of the universities or colleges or firms or government agencies that hired your recent graduates in the last 3 years ?
I also wish to test the hypothesis that the first jobs of newly minted doctoral students are at two year or community colleges .
So , second question , please tell me the ( rough , if need be ) proportion of your recent grads who took jobs at community colleges , vs. those who found positions at 4 - year colleges , or universities .
I would be very grateful for your cooperation , and shall not report your replies on an individual basis ; rather , I will aggregate the results .
Yours truly ,
Here are the responses I got .
( Collegeville , MN ) , Assistant Professor , Washington and Jefferson College ( Washington , PA ) , Assistant Professor ; Washington and Jefferson College ( Washington , PA ) , Assistant Professor ; State University of New York at Oneonta ( Oneonta , NY ) , Assistant Professor ; Florida Gulf Coast University ( Fort Myers , FL ) , Assistant Professor ; Georgia College and State University ( Milledgeville , GA ) , Assistant Professor ; New York ISO ( Albany , NY ) , Economist ; Indiana University ( Bloomington , IN ) , Assistant Professor ; Pacific Lutheran University ( Tacoma , WA ) , Assistant Professor ; Appalachian State University ( Boone , NC ) , Assistant Professor ; Beloit College ( Beloit , WI ) , Assistant Professor ; Southern New Hampshire University ( Manchester , NH ) , Assistant Professor . ; Chiang Mai University ( Chiang Mai , Thailand ) , Lecturer ; Central Washington University ( Ellensburg , WA ) , Assistant Professor ; Central Michigan University ( Mount Pleasant , MI ) , Visiting Assistant Professor ; University of Texas at El Paso ( El Paso, TX ) , Assistant Professor ; University of Louisville ( Louisville , KY ) , Assistant Professor ; BBVA Bank ( Lima , Peru ) , Assistant Manager Economic Research Department ; Northwestern University ( Evanston , IL ) , Lecturer ; Capital University ( Columbus , OH ) , Assistant Professor ; University of New Hampshire ( Durham , NH ) , Visiting Assistant Professor ; Duquesne University ( Pittsburgh , PA ) , Assistant Professor ; The Korea Institute for Industrial Economics and Trade ( Seoul , Republic of Korea ) , Associate Research Fellow ; University of the Pacific ( Stockton , CA ) , Regional Economic Analyst ; Shepherd University ( Shepherdstown , WV ) , Assistant Professor ; Gustavus Adolphus College ( St. Peter , MN ) , Assistant Professor ; Penn State University at Erie ( Erie , PA ) , Assistant Professor ; Boston Pacific Company , Inc. ( Washington , DC ) , Project Director ; St. Cloud State University ( St. Cloud , MN ) , Assistant Professor ; Western Illinois University ( Macon , IL ) , Assistant Professor ; Penn State University at Erie ( Erie , PA) , Assistant Professor ; Lawrence University ( Appleton , WI ) , Visiting Assistant Professor ; Washington and Jefferson College ( Washington , PA ) , Assistant Professor ; Office of the Prime Minister ( Seoul , Republic of Korea ) , Financial Supervisory Commission ; Utica College ( Utica , NY ) , Assistant Professor ; Youngstown State University ( Youngstown , OH ) , Assistant Professor ; Mahidol University ( Bangkok , Thailand ) , Lecturer ; The World Bank ( Washington , DC ) , Trade Economist ; University of Texas at El Paso ( El Paso , TX ) , Assistant Professor , Boise State University ( Boise , ID ) , Assistant Professor ; Kennesaw State University ( Kennesaw , GA ) , Assistant Professor ; Gonzaga University ( Spokane , WA ) , Assistant Professor ; University of Regina ( Regina , Canada ) , Assistant Professor ; California State University at Bakersfield ( Bakersfield , CA ) , Lecturer ; Rose - Hulman Institute of Technology ( Terre Haute , IN ) , Assistant Professor ; Chaoyang University of Technology ( Taichung , Taiwan ) , Assistant Professor ; Univers ity of Missouri at Rolla ( Rolla , MO ) , Assistant Professor ; Indiana University ( Bloomington , IN ) , Lecturer ; Western Illinois University ( Macon , IL ) , Assistant Professor ; Elgin College ( Illinois ) , Assistant Professor ; Ripon College ( Wisconsin ) , Assistant Professor ; Youngstown State University ( Ohio ) , Assistant Professor ; University of Kuwait , Assistant Professor ; World Bank , Consultant ; PriceWaterhouseCoopers , Chicago , Senior Associate ; Hope College ( Michigan ) , Assistant Professor ; University of Arkansas - Little Rock , Assistant Professor ; DePauw University ( Indiana ) , Assistant Professor ; Duquesne University ( Pennsylvania ) , Assistant Professor ; Cleveland State University ; then Keene University ( New Jersey ) , Assistant Professor ; WVU ( post - doc ) ; WVU ( post- doc ) ; then Kansas State University , Assistant Professor ; U.S. Representative City of Tianjin and Tianjin Economic Development Area ; University of North Dakota , Assistant Professor ; Marietta College ( Ohio ) , Assistant Professor ; Augustana College ( South Dakota ) , Assistant Professor ; Institute for Urban and Regional Research , Austrian Academy of Sciences , Vienna ( Research Scholar ) ; Center for Chinese Business at WVU , Research Assistant Professor ; Lingnan University , Hong Kong , Assistant Professor ; Fukuoka University ( Japan ) , Assistant Professor ; Salem - Teikyo University ( in WV ) , Assistant Professor ; University of Nebraska Extension ; Janus Pannonius University in Pecs , Hungary , Associate Professor ; Univ. of Hawaii at Manoa , Center for Labor Education and Research ; Allegany College ( in MD ) , Office of Institutional Research ; Frostburg State ( in MD ) ; State of Virginia Office of Revenue ; Post - doc at Univ. of Alabama ; then Univ. of Colorado at Denver ; Frostburg State ( in MD ) ; WVU Extension Service , Institute for Labor Studies ; I - Net , Inc. ( an accounting firm in Washington , DC ) ; then Coleman Research Corp. ( a defense company ) ; Fudan Univ. in Shanghai , China ; Waynesburg College ( in PA ) ; Washington Univ. ( St. Louis ) , post - doc ; U.S. General Accounting Office ; International Islamic Univ. , Malaysia ; Staffordshire Polytechnic Inst. , United Kingdom ; New York Institute of Technology ; returned to Thailand ; Korea University ; West Liberty State College ( in WV ) ; Univ. of Missouri at Rolla ; Nat’l.
Inst. of Development Admin . ( Thailand ) ; University of Southern Indiana ; Susquehanna University ; Kebargsaan University ( in Malaysia ) ; A small firm in Washington , DC ; Al - Azhar University , Cairo , Egypt ; A Saudi government agency ; A private company in Korea ; Georgia Southern College ; A private research institute under contract to Northwestern Univ ; Frostburg State University ( in MD ) ; City Administration of Alexandria , VA ; Somerset College ( in Kentucky ) ; WVU Institutional Analysis and Planning ; WVU Division of Applied Research ; Frostburg State Univ. ( in MD ) ; St. John Fisher College ( in Rochester , NY ) ; St. Augustine College ( in SC ) ; Univ. of Malaysia ; Grinnell College ( in Iowa ) ; State of WV Insurance Commisioner ’s Office ; Rutgers - New Brunswick , Ag. Ec. Dept. ; Allegheny College ( in PA ) ; American Electric Power ; Monmouth College ( in Illinois ) ; Government job in Thailand ; Glenville State ( in WV ) ; Limestone College ( in SC ) ; Shepherd College ( in WV ) ; Virginia Polytechnic Institute ; J.P. Morgan Chase ; U of Rochester , PhD program in political science ; St. Louis University ; Colgate University ; SUNY Cortland ; University of Southern Indiana ; University of Southern Indiana ; University of the West Indies
Note , that none of these lower - ranking Ph.D. - granting institutions placed any of their graduates at Harvard , MIT , Chicago , Princeton , Berkeley or Columbia .
( Repeat mention of colleges means that more than one student was placed there . )
On the other hand , not a single solitary new Ph.D. went to a community college .
As one of my correspondents put it : " As you can see , none of our students are placed at two - year community colleges . "
A personal note .
During this last academic year my own university was in the market for a starting assistant professor of economics .
We made offers of campus visits ( this means , typically , that you are a semi- finalist ; most hiring institutions offer fly - ins to three candidates , and make an offer to the best one of them ) to two recent graduates of the University of West Virginia .
Both turned us down , in favor of better options .
Based on this informal survey , it is fair to reject North ’s claim that " graduates with Ph.D.s issued by Boonsdocksville State … go straight into the community college circuit . "
Again , I would be interested to see the empirical basis for this contention of his .
North ’s next knock at a career as a university faculty member is this :
" For over three decades , all it has taken to generate 1,000 applicants was this ad in a professional journal in the humanities :
Tenure - track position Ph.D. required Teach 12 hours of the freshman course
If the ad said u2018 Ph.D. or ABD required , ’ it would generate 2,000 applicants .
ABD stands for u2018 all but dissertation . ’ "
Again , I query the source of these statistics .
My own experience on the hiring end is that North ’s numbers are somewhat inflated .
During our 2008 hire at Loyola we had only about 300 applications .
But , North ’s intention in bringing up these statistics is to buttress his claim that there is a glut in the market .
Not so fast ; there is a much more reasonable explanation for these large numbers : applicants make multiple submissions .
There are hundreds of jobs for economics professors ; applying for them through e-mail is very cheap .
Some applicants apply for each and every assistant professor job advertised .
Hence , the seeming excess of applicants compared to employment slots available .
According to Cawley : " In the Stock et al. ( 2000 ) sample of economics job candidates during 1995 — 96 , the average applicant sent 76 applications ; 25 % sent 100 or more . "
This author further states : " Although applicants attempt to signal their interest through cover letters and other communication , such signals are not credible because applicants can send an unlimited number of them ( i.e. they could carefully tailor hundreds of cover letters without regard to quality of match in an attempt to maximize their number of interviews ) . "
One divergence between my own views and those of Gary North : he focuses on all disciplines , and I am involved in this note with economics only .
Hence he tells us this :
" Graduate students do not learn about supply and demand , and it does not pay senior professors to teach them .
Here is evidence .
In response to the ever - growing glut of Ph.D. ’s , the American university system turned out about 30,000 Ph.D. graduates per year , 1969 to about 1975 .
Since then , it has increased the output .
In 1980 , it was 33,615 .
In 1990 , it was 38,371 .
In 2000 , it was 44,808 .
In 2003 , it was 46,024 .
( Statistical Abstract of the United States , 2006 , Table 290 . )
Despite this , we read on a website devoted to selling “ how to get higher learning degrees ” materials , …
" There ’s one born every minute . . . and two who will relieve him of his funds . "
It is unsurprising that " Graduate students ( in such fields as poetry , black studies , sociology and physics ) do not learn about supply and demand " but this is clearly untrue for the dismal science .
Cawley ( his table 2 ) supplies this information about recent doctoral awards in economics :
Economics Ph.D.s Granted by U.S. Universities : 2000 : ( 948 ) ; 2001 : ( 930 ) ; 2002 : ( 903 ) ; 2003 : ( 932 ) ; 2004 : ( 960 ) . "
In other words , the trend line numbers are pretty flat , not burgeoning , as depicted by North for all fields .
By no means all of these new Ph.D.s enter academia .
Rather , many choose the business world , or consulting , or government , or international organizations .
Cawley ’s table 3 is also most instructive ; it lists the number of academic jobs offered during these same years .
They are as follows :
2000 : ( 1,635 ) ; 2001 : ( 1,589 ) ; 2002 : ( 1,487 ) ; 2003 : ( 1,381 ) ; 2004 : ( 1,487 ) ; 2005 ( 1,715 ) .
There are several things to be noted about this latter statistical series .
First , although slightly V - shaped , the number of jobs offered , too , is for the most party pretty flat .
No increasing or decreasing glut in these figures .
Rather , demand and supply seem to be keeping pace with one another .
Second , the number of open employment slots is appreciably higher than the number of new entrants ( the previous statistical series ) .
If we assume that retirements roughly offsets the numbers of new Ph.D.s coming off the assembly line , again , it is difficult to discern any " glut " compatible with these figures .
Third , these figures include both junior and senior positions .
But , if we assume that for every non-entry level job slot there is someone vacating it as well as others seeking it , again it is not easy to reconcile these statistics with the claim of an over - supply .
In the view of North , " year after year , decade after decade , the supply of Ph.D. - holding students increases , despite an academic market that does not hire most of them , and hires a minority at wages that do not compensate them for the money and time invested in earning their degrees . "
This is not proper empirical economics .
At the very least claims of this sort should be accompanied by statistical support .
North ’s critique continues :
" At $ 20,000 or more per year in tuition and living expenses , plus the $ 35,000 + not earned in the job market , trying to earn a Ph.D. is a losing proposition . "
But , as we have seen " Only four percent of finishing Ph.D. students received no financial aid whatsoever . "
In my experience , the great majority receive partial and even complete tuition waivers , particularly after successfully completing the first year , and a significant percentage are given bursaries over and above that amount .
To conclude my comment on this section : North ’s claim of a Ph.D. " glut " is not demonstrated , certainly not , at least , in the field of economics , my own area of concern .
Part III
In the third and much more recent ( June 3 , 2008 ) of his essays on this topic , Gary North continues with his very explicit critique of the supposed foolishness of young people entering the professoriate .
He starts off with this sally : " After about six or seven years of teaching mainly lower - division classes that senior professors refuse to teach , an assistant professor comes up for tenure .
If he gets it , he can never be fired except for moral infractions far worse than adultery committed with female students .
Very few assistant professors are granted tenure .
The Ph.D. glut then consigns the losers to part - time work in community colleges for wages in the range of what apprentice plumbers receive . "
There are errors here .
The trial period in not seven years , as stated right here , nor eight , as mentioned above , but six .
In most schools , tenure will not protect a professor who commits adultery with a female student .
As to the claim that " Very few assistant professors are granted tenure , " this sounds more apocryphal than serious empirical analysis .
North continues by painting a very , very bleak , and , for the most part , highly accurate , portrayal of the job market at the top universities .
As he says , it will indeed be virtually impossible for any Austro - libertarian , even if he is a math whiz , and certainly if he is not , to attain tenure in an economics department at any of the top ( 20 ) ranked research universities ; e.g. , those that offer the Ph.D. degree .
So what ?
There are no Austro - libertarians at such exalted schools , and there never have been ( apart from Nozick at Harvard ) , to the best of my knowledge .
( For an eloquent and incisive explanation of this state of affairs , look here , here and here . )
Most of those actively promoting liberty on campus are located at far less prestigious institutions , and are doing reasonably well there , thank you very much .
Yes , indeed , " The losers … wind up at second - tier or third - tier universities . "
But , as I have taken great pains to say , life at these establishments is pretty good , in terms of promoting liberty , personal satisfaction , and pay .
Remember , the typical teaching load at these " lesser tier " places is nine hours per week .
Moreover , you get 22 weeks off per year , and , in most places , two full semesters every seven years .
This ai n’t chopped liver .
In North ’s view , " the limbo of academia … ( includes ) … a third - tier university that grants only the B.A. and a few M.A. students .
" Well , Loyola is one such , and , let me tell you , I am ecstatically happy here ( for more on that , see below ) .
North continues his critique : " If you are granted a Ph.D. by any lower - tier school , then you probably will not get a career job in academia , but if you do … ( y ) ou may get a tenure - track job at a college no one has heard of except its alumni , who do not have much money to donate to the endowment .
If a Ph.D. holder is granted tenure at one of these schools , he has lifetime employment in safety but obscurity .
No one ever hears about him or her again . "
Sadly , true , alas , all too true .
But , compared to what ?
If you go into the think tank world , or edit the Remnant Review , do you think you will win the Nobel Prize ?
Be featured on the front cover of Time Magazine ?
With the major media in present hands , which of us , except a Hayek or a Nozick , is on the lips of boobus americanas ?
Mises and Rothbard labored their entire lives , in some sense , in " obscurity . "
Yes , they were gigantic frogs in our own little Austro - libertarian pond , but , as far as the general populace is concerned , Mises might as well have been the editor of Ms. Magazine , and Rothbard a painter ( Rothko , anyone ? ) .
North also greatly regrets that " there has never been a… ( best selling ) … Austrian School economics textbook , " as do I .
His explanation for this fact are very much on target .
However , as more and more Austro - libertarian professors enter the lists , North ’s advice to the contrary notwithstanding , this will be become more and more a thing of the past .
At present , it is difficult to envision a national best seller Austrian economics text .
But , in most schools each instructor can choose his own textbook .
I think it is not too much to hope for that with more Austrian professors , our texts will sell better , too .
C. Conclusion
I have serious reservations about this bashing of the academic life that my good friend Gary North engages in from time to time .
How else are we to promote liberty ?
Let me count the ways :
1. Political action .
Fine .
I am all for it .
Whether the Libertarian Party , or a libertarian in the Republican ( or , indeed , Democratic ) party .
But , we now have Bob Barr running for the LP , and his connection to libertarianism can best be described as loose ( e.g. , he opposes the drug war not on principled rights grounds , but , because it " does n’t work " ) .
Ron Paul is a more consistent libertarian , and did wonderful work during his recent campaign , but that is now over , and the prospect for Ron Paul libertarians taking office as Republicans is not as bright as we would all like .
For example , consider the case of Murray Sabrin , who got only 14 % of the vote in the New Jersey primary for Senator .
2. The Free State project .
Again , fine .
I am all for this , too .
Let us by all means gather many libertarian voters into one small state , New Hampshire .
Perhaps , one day , that state will elect a proper congressional colleague for Ron Paul .
But there has been no success as of yet .
3. Libertarian think tanks .
Hooray .
What libertarian could oppose them ?
Practically all of the 50 states have one , focused on local issues .
There are numerous national and even international ones .
( This listing includes many , but somehow manages to ignore my favorite , the Mises Institute .
Here is a somewhat more inclusive listing . )
These organizations have done yeoman work in publicizing libertarian analyses , op eds , books , studies .
Many , such as the Mises Institute , have over the decades promoted the careers of numerous libertarian scholars and activists .
4. Gary North ’s own Remnant policy .
I support this , too .
Here , the concern is not so much for achieving liberty in our time — deemed an all but impossible task — as much as it is an effort to keep that flickering light of liberty alive , so that it can be better utilized in the future when perhaps the likelihood of its success will be greater .
And , the more Austro - libertarian professors there are in academia , the better the prospects for success in this regard .
5. Libertarian " special interest " groups .
By all means , let us try to legalize drugs , gold , prostitution , promote free speech on campus and elsewhere , support free trade , get rid of patents , attack critics of the Second Amendment , move in the direction of secession , peace , etc. , etc .
But none of these efforts have so far even come close to succeeding .
And again , the more Austro - libertarian professors there are in academia , the better the prospects for success in this regard .
6. Libertarian efforts to make " common cause " with other initiatives , where there is some overlap in interests : one the basis of religion , environmentalism , anti-imperialism , etc .
Again , applause from this quarter .
But , to repeat , the more Austro - libertarian professors there are in academia , the better the prospects for success in this regard .
7 . Last but not least , promoting the careers of those in the academic world , and encouraging young people to enter this field .
There are now hundreds of free - market - oriented economics professors teaching in colleges and universities in the U.S. and around the world .
They , too , have not yet succeeded in bringing about the free society , any more than the initiatives listed above .
But , surely , these free enterprise academics have all together moved us that one small part of an inch closer in this direction .
Why oh why single out this one avenue for opprobrium , as does North , is beyond me .
Yes , there are pitfalls and problems in university life ; there is dirty dealing and back stabbing in academia .
But that is the human condition .
It applies , also , to political action , think tanks , etc .
I follow " Uncle " Mao in this regard : " Let 1,000 flowers bloom . "
And , surely , encouraging young libertarians to take up careers in higher education is one such .
Let us not trample it down .
A lot of Gary ’s comments seem to be based upon his own experiences , not on objective data ; this being the case , perhaps my own story in academia will be of interest in this context .
I received the Ph.D. degree in 1972 .
From that time until 1979 , I taught at Rutgers University ( Newark ) , and the City College of New York ( Baruch ) .
I did n’t get tenure at either place ; this , for the most part was my own fault : I did not publish in refereed journals with any regularity .
From 1979 to 1991
I left academia for the think tank work , working at the Fraser Institute in Canada .
No students , just writing and editing .
One would think that this would be nirvana for a person such as myself who wants to publish , but it was not .
I could n’t write about anything really radical , except rarely , and in obscure journals ; my work for the FI mainly concerned very basic issues where my extremism would n’t arise to the fore : support of free trade ; anti—rent control , and minimum wage ; critiques of unions , socialism ; calculations of economic freedom ; privatization .
But , even here there were problems : I favored unilateral declarations of free trade with all countries , not Nafta .
I wanted to not only get rid of minimum wages , but incarcerate those responsible for this economic outrage .
Privatization did not extend to schools ; there , Milton Friedman ’s voucher plan was as radical a proposition as could be entertained .
Plus , my boss wanted to put his name on my work , and in other such ways take credit for my thoughts .
Not too pleasant .
I was fired in 1991 : I was asked to write a book about the benefits of government ; when I looked for another job , seeing the handwriting on the wall , I was fired for seeking employment elsewhere .
Off to Holy Cross it was for me , from 1991 — 1997 .
I was denied tenure on the grounds that my publications and teaching were not good enough .
But I published more than anyone else in my department ( in some years , almost as much as all of them put together ) and in many of the same journals as my colleagues .
Out of some 700 student evaluations , there were a half dozen that were highly critical ; I asked that my student evaluations be compared with those of the tenured members of the department , and / or with all those from any department who were being tenured that year ; this request was denied .
My department voted in my favor by a 7 — 4 majority , which is like a damning with faint praise ; the interdisciplinary committee on tenure voted against me 13—0 .
I then spent 1997 — 2001 as an untenured department chairman at the University of Central Arkansas , charged with getting the department ( which was underperforming in terms of refereed journal publication ) past the scrutiny of the AACSB evaluation committee .
I did so , but made more than a few enemies while cracking the whip .
I was offered tenure there , over the vociferous protests of my department , by the University president , with whom I was on good terms .
I turned this down in 2001 for an offer of an endowed chair , with tenure at Loyola University New Orleans .
So , finally , at age 60 , I had a tenured faculty position .
All of this , I hate to admit but I must , is entirely compatible with Gary North ’s pessimistic outlook on academia .
But , my story is one of the worst that I know about , of all my colleagues .
Many of them are they who obtained their Ph.D. without too much trouble , landed an acceptable academic job , and were awarded tenure after six years of satisfactory service .
Also , there are many non-Austrian , non-libertarians who had more than an aliquot share of disappointment .
No , everything is not wonderful in academia ; but , in the business world , no one at all has anything like tenure ; you can be let go on a few hours notice .
In the university , contracts are typically for an entire year .
And , how many lawyers failed to make partner in their law firms , and had to seek employment elsewhere ?
In any case , there is a happy end to my oft - times bumpy career .
I now have wonderful colleagues .
I am publishing up a storm .
My teaching load is three courses per year , not per semester .
That works out to a total of 3 courses x 15 weeks each x 3 hours per week = 135 teaching hours per year .
At an approximate salary of $ 150 k , that means for each class hour , where I plunk myself down and talk about things I love dearly , I earn a truly amazing ( at least to me ) $ 1,111.11 .
And that ignores a sabbatical every seven years .
Wow .
Sometimes I have to pinch myself to ensure myself that this is all real .
So , young students : Should you get your Ph.D. and become a professor of economics ?
You betcha .
There ’s no heavy lifting , the pay is excellent ( on a per hour worked basis ) , there are long , long vacations ( did I mention long ? ) , the work is meaningful , you are promoting liberty and good ( Austrian ) economics , you will inspire generations of students , some of them will follow you into the professoriate and that will increase your satisfaction even more , you will have plenty of time to publish , and , in general , to make of yourself a pain in the neck to the bad guys .
What more could anyone want from a profession ?
( Potential grad students are advised to seek my advice on an academic career here . )
Walter Block Archives
The Best of Walter E. Block
Von Boeselager obtained explosives used in the assassination attempt
The last known survivor of a group of German army officers who tried to assassinate Adolf Hitler in 1944 has died aged 90 , his family says .
Philipp von Boeselager provided the explosives used to pack a briefcase planted under a table in the Nazi leader 's East Prussia headquarters .
But the briefcase was moved behind one of the oak table 's wooden legs , and Hitler escaped with only slight wounds .
Most of the plotters were executed , but Mr Von Boeselager escaped detection .
Among those executed - just hours after the assassination attempt - was Claus Schenk Graf von Stauffenberg , who planted the briefcase and after whom the plot was named .
Mr Von Boeselager died overnight on Thursday , his family said .
PhD Student
Office : GS 718
Interests : Named data networking and content - centric networks , network architecture and protocol design , content delivery networks ( CDN ) , QoS of video streaming services , routing and forwarding in large - area networks , computer networks security
If there is one thing I always loved about the Albert Wesker character , it was his precise and callous voice , as introduced in Code Veronica .
A far cry from the gruff and gravelly voices of most videogame characters , the voice provided by Richard Waugh was a very smooth and subtly threatening one , which suited the character perfectly .
Sadly however , even though Albert Wesker is confirmed for Resident Evil 5 , Waugh 's talents are no longer wanted , as Umbrella Chronicles players will know by now .
" It 's weird because I did the voice recordings for Wesker in Umbrella Chronicles .
However Capcom has decided that they want to hire non-union actors in California instead , so my voice was replaced , " explained Waugh in an interview .
" Which became sort of funny when I heard that the replacement tried sounding like me . "
From what I saw , I felt that D.C. Douglas did a good job of portraying Wesker in Umbrella Chronicles ( I read somewhere that Douglas tried to ape David Bowie in his performance , which is an extra point from me ) , but Waugh really is the definitive Wesker .
It 's a shame he wo n't be in RE5 , but I personally have no problem with Douglas , as it was still a pretty good ( if slightly sillier ) turn .
If you feel more strongly than I do , however , Waugh apparently encourages fans to let Capcom know .
City housing should work for middle class , too
San Francisco has a huge problem with getting people into housing .
But not in the way you think .
The homeless guy living under the freeway underpass ?
We know about him .
The city , prompted by an outcry from the progressive community , has taken steps to get that person - the extremely poor , unemployed , impoverished homeless camper - into some kind of housing .
But while the city spends hundreds of millions of dollars to house the extremely poor , there is a large segment of its population - hard - working , fully employed and stable - that makes too much money to get the help they need to find affordable housing .
" If the city only sees the people on the streets , that is a reality , " said Father Gabriel Flores , pastor at St. Anthony 's Catholic Church in the Mission .
" But this is another reality . "
The range is stunning .
A family of four that makes more than $ 24,850 - which is 30 percent of San Francisco 's average median income - will be unable to find any subsidized housing , according to local experts .
Instead , the family can either cram into a tiny studio or flee the city - along with the better - paid teachers , firefighters and police officers who have already done so .
Unfortunately , all of these people made a single , critical mistake :
They got a job .
In a system set up to lend a hand to those well under the poverty line , someone forgot to factor in the price of living in San Francisco .
The San Francisco branch of ACORN , a national grassroots organization of low - and moderate - income people , says that 80 percent of those who receive subsidized housing in the city are making $ 17,400 or less for a one - person household .
So if a person finds a job at the city 's minimum wage ( $ 9.36 an hour ) he 's almost certainly out of luck when it comes to the city 's vaunted housing assistance programs .
Working a 40 - hour week for 52 weeks a year , he will make over $ 19,000 .
Too much to get help .
Ask Jackie Phillips , a lifelong Bayview - Hunters Point resident whose son's family , including three children , recently moved in with her .
Their problem ?
Both her son and his wife work .
" Their income is not low enough to qualify for the programs , but not high enough to buy at market rate , " Phillips said .
" So we 're saying : Be all you can be , but do n't be too much , or you will have to move out . "
As a recent Chronicle story reminded us , the middle class is fleeing the city in droves .
Even well - educated professionals are unable to buy entry - level property .
" It 's ridiculous when you are trying to do the right thing , " said Eleanor Williams , another Bayview resident who works on housing issues with the local Baptist church .
" What we want is to make it possible for teachers , firefighters and policemen to live in San Francisco . "
Sounds like a job for the most progressive city in the United States , does n't it ?
San Francisco is the city that never met a social ill it did n't want to correct , an injustice that it does n't yearn to take on .
And the response so far ?
Crickets .
" A lot of progressives mean well , " said ACORN organizer John Eller , " but they are not listening to what people are really saying . "
For example , Supervisor Bevan Dufty proposed an initiative that would provide a " density bonus . "
The idea is that , if developers created below - market family units - rather than tiny studio apartments , for example - they 'd get a break on zoning regulations .
The idea was to encourage families to stay in the city by increasing the amount of family - sized subsidized housing with two or more bedrooms .
It sounded like a good idea , but progressive members of the board got cold feet after some pushback and pulled their support .
That 's unacceptable .
The left may be concerned about the guy camping on the street , but where 's the help for the family that is working hard to earn enough for a home ?
Krys Burgos , an ACORN member , came to San Francisco from the Philippines .
He and his family lived 10 to a single room , working at all hours and saving money to buy a home .
A year later they bought one .
But that was in 1981 and the house sold for $ 98,000 .
" Given that scenario today , even if 20 of us were working we could n't afford the down payment , " Burgos said .
" It is not that I am complaining about the extremely poor .
They need help , too .
But that 's the goal .
You work hard , you save , and in a year or two you can own your own home .
" Today I can not tell that to my daughter . "
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Energy Secretary Sam Bodman said on Monday he is concerned that average U.S. gasoline pump prices could hit $ 3.50 a gallon this summer , and said he is “ optimistic ” that OPEC will come to the rescue of U.S. drivers .
The U.S. retail price of gasoline set a new high of $ 3.29 a gallon last week , and some analysts say prices could hit the $ 4 mark this summer as U.S. families take to the highways for vacation travel .
“ I ’m concerned that we could hit $ 3.50 ” per gallon , Bodman told reporters at an energy conference hosted by the Energy Information Administration .
“ I would like to think that we ’re not going to get to $ 4 ( a gallon ) but I do n’t make forecasts -- whatever it is , it is , ” Bodman said .
Soaring pump prices this summer will reduce U.S. gasoline by 85,000 barrels per day versus a year ago , according to EIA administrator Guy Caruso .
“ We see a slowdown in gasoline demand , ” Caruso told - reporters .
The EIA -- the Energy Department ’s statistical arm - predicts that prices could average above $ 3.60 a gallon this summer but will not top $ 4 a gallon on a nationwide basis .
The EIA will release a closely watched report on summer driving demand on Tuesday .
As oil prices climb toward their March 17 record high of $ 111.80 a barrel , OPEC has continued to view the market as well - supplied even as the United States -- the world ’s biggest oil consumer -- calls for more supplies .
“ I have repeatedly asked that there be an increase , ” Bodman said .
“ They have so far chosen not to do it .
I remain optimistic . ”
U.S. President George W. Bush called on OPEC to boost supply earlier this year when he visited Saudi Arabia -- the cartel ’s de-facto leader .
OPEC Secretary - General Abdullah al - Badri on Monday said the producer ’s group is under no pressure to boost capacity , and blamed high prices on a falling U.S. dollar , tight refining capacity and geopolitical tensions .
OPEC countries produce about 40 percent of the globe ’s oil supply .
The EIA ’s Caruso said OPEC needs to boost supply .
“ We think the market is still very tight , ” he said .
Bodman also said the Energy Department could move forward this summer with a plan to purchase $ 584 million worth of crude for the reserve to help replace 11 million barrels of oil sold to refiners after the 2005 hurricanes .
Rove refuses to appear before House Judiciary panel
Karl Rove , former White House deputy chief of staff and President Bush 's top political adviser , is refusing to appear before the House Judiciary Committee to testify on " politicization " within the Justice Dept .
Rove had been scheduled to appear next Thursday , July 10 .
Rove 's refusal to respond to a Judiciary Committee subpoena drew a stern response from Judiciary Committee Chairman John Conyers ( D - Mich . ) and Rep. Linda Sanchez ( D - Calif. ) , chairwoman of the Commercial and Administrative Law subcommittee .
" We want to make clear that the subcommittee will convene as scheduled and expects Mr. Rove to appear , and that a refusal to appear in violation of the subpoena could subject Mr. Rove to contempt proceedings , including statutory contempt under federal law and proceedings under the inherent contempt authority of the House of Representatives , " Conyers and Sanchez wrote in a letter to Rove 's attorney , Robert Luskin .
Luskin , in a letter to the two Democratic lawmakers on Monday , pointed out that the committee is already involved in a civil lawsuit against the Bush administration over the White House 's claim of " absolute immunity " from having to respond to subpoenas issued to current or former senior aides once the president has asserted executive privilege .
According to Luskin , Rove " is simply not free to accede to the Committee 's view and take a position inconsistent with that asserted by the White House in the litigation . "
Luskin has offered to make Rove available to the committee in private , without taking an oath and with not transcript kept , or would allow him to respond to written questions from the panel .
But Conyers and Sanchez have rejected the offer as inadequate .
Judiciary Committee Democrats want to question Rove about his knowledge of the prosecution of former Alabama Democratic Gov. Don Siegelman , as well as the firing of nine U.S. attorneys back in 2006 .
Rove has denied a report on the CBS show " 60 Minutes , " which aired a claim by GOP lawyer Dana Jill Simpson that Rove was behind the Siegelman case .
Rove has denied the allegation .
A " super - witness " who was due to testify on the links between politicians and mafia mobsters in Naples was gunned down in the street yesterday - the fourth victim in a month of shootings directed against witnesses who turn state 's evidence .
The killing of Michele Orsi , the 47 - year - old boss of a waste disposal firm , highlighted the Italian state 's inability to protect people prepared to give evidence against organised crime .
As security officials yesterday held crisis talks , Orsi 's murder gave a new and sinister twist to the Naples garbage crisis , where rubbish is still piled high on streets and roads in Campania , the region that includes the city .
Since the emergency began last December one of the worst - affected provinces has been Caserta , where Orsi was shot dead in a bar in the town of Casal di Principe yesterday afternoon .
The Carabinieri , the military police , said yesterday the killing was impossible to reconstruct because no one would admit to having seen it .
However , after a search for bullets and casings , they concluded that at least 18 shots were fired from two 9 mm - calibre automatics .
Orsi was hit twice in the chest and once in the head , suggesting that , in classic mafia style , he was given a " coup de grace " by one of the killers as he lay dying .
Casal di Principe is the home town of the author Roberto Saviano and features prominently in his best - selling book , Gomorrah .
Saviano , who lives under round - the - clock protection because of death threats , said yesterday Orsi was a " leading entrepreneur in the waste sector who did millions of euros ' worth of business with the [ mafia ] clans " .
Orsi's lawyer , however , described him as a victim whose company had been paying at least € 15,000 a month to the Camorra , the mafia of Naples and Campania .
The murdered businessman was to have given evidence on Thursday in a trial in which the defendants include a prominent member of Silvio Berlusconi 's governing Freedom People alliance .
Franco Roberti , the chief anti-mafia prosecutor of Naples , said : " A formidable opportunity to strike at the clans has been lost . "
He told the daily La Repubblica paper that Orsi " had decided to talk [ and ] denounce all the bonds that link politics to the Camorra .
His words would have angered many people .
Too many of them had an interest in taking him out . "
Roberti said the only effective way to protect witnesses was to move them out of territory controlled by the mob , and Orsi had not applied for inclusion in a programme that would have enabled that to happen .
However , the dead man 's lawyer said : " Orsi was frightened .
He came to my office every day because it was the only place he felt safe . "
Camorra gangs are themselves leading players in the waste disposal sector - illegally dumping toxic waste , usually trucked down from the more industrialised north of Italy .
Their presence is also a key reason why people in Campania are so opposed to the construction of incinerators that would provide them with a long - term solution to the region 's waste problems .
They fear the facilities would come under the control of the Camorra and be used to burn toxic waste .
Orsi's death also appeared to form part of a killing spree intended to stem the flow of secrets of the mob clans operating in and around Casal di Principe .
It began on May 2 when Umberto Bidognetti , the father of a mobster turned state 's witness , was shot dead at nearby Castelvolturno .
Two weeks later hitmen killed a businessman who gave vital evidence against racketeers in a trial in 2001 .
Then , on Friday night , mobsters disguised as police officers demanded to be let into a flat owned by relatives of another state witness , Anna Carrino .
The former partner of a " godfather " her testimony has led to the arrest of several of his henchmen .
Her niece opened the door and was shot in the stomach .
She is expected to live .
Backstory
Campania has been the scene of intermittent rubbish crises for 14 years .
The latest started in December 2007 , when all of the region 's landfill sites were full .
The sight of piles of garbage on the streets of Naples was for many symptomatic of the country 's apparent inability to reform itself .
It was one reason for the fall of the government of Romano Prodi in April .
On May 21 Silvio Berlusconi's new government approved the opening of eight dumps to deal with the immediate problem and the building of four incinerators as a longer - term solution .
Protests by residents against the opening of dumps continue , however .
On Sunday 10,000 protesters held a rally at one site .
DIGG THIS
During the recent meeting of the Democratic Party ’s rules committee , television showed a woman blubbering uncontrollably , tears pouring down her face , as she moaned about the Florida - Michigan delegate settlement that caused her to lose her vote .
I was struck by a fantasy .
Would n’t it be good if we had a few men dressed in SS uniforms who could burst into the room , grab this lady and heave her into a military truck ?
The shock of this little charade , I thought to myself , might help her get her priorities in order .
Politics is a game like baseball and basketball .
The prizes are offices and patronage .
There is no reason to cry — ever .
No one is being executed or tortured , no one is drowning in a flood , and no one is being gassed , shot or burned alive .
Nothing of any real importance is occurring .
It ’s just a roomful of like - minded people quarreling over counting delegates .
You get counted or you do n’t get counted .
It does n’t matter in the long run .
I suppose it is OK that some people get emotional about elections and choose their champions based on feelings and illusions .
If people made a cold , logical decision , " none of the above " would likely win by a landslide .
Despite all that , Americans should approach a political contest intellectually and analytically .
They should carefully consider evidence of intelligence and honesty .
They should carefully evaluate the candidates ’ proposals .
In short , they should act like serious citizens instead of like a mob of Hannah Montana fans .
I do n’t see anything lovable about any of the candidates .
They are all flawed .
Underneath their public congeniality , they all have a hard edge and a ruthless ambition that has nothing to do with the public welfare or the good of the country .
They want to win .
Right now , that ’s their obsession .
It is n’t necessary to fall in love with a candidate .
It is n’t necessary to imagine that he or she is your friend .
All people have to do is make a calculated decision that this particular candidate is more likely to make a better president than the others .
Then , having cast your vote , you go about your business , because the American people have virtually no control of their government once Election Day passes .
Our republican form of government gives complete power to the officeholders for their full terms .
Unless you contributed big , big bucks , you are n’t likely to receive any personal attention from any of them except on his or her terms .
Another point to keep in mind is that all of the problems the candidates are now afield promising to solve are problems they themselves created .
Who failed to seal our borders ?
Congress .
Who voted for ruinous deficits , now totaling $ 9 trillion ?
Congress .
Who voted to forbid the government from negotiating lower prices for the Medicare drugs ?
Congress .
Who authorized a war on false pretenses ?
Congress .
Who set Medicare and Social Security on the road to bankruptcy ?
Congress .
Who votes to give billions of your tax dollars away to foreign governments ?
Congress .
Who voted for free - trade agreements that have virtually destroyed America ’s manufacturing base ?
Congress .
I have an extremely low opinion of politicians because they took a once grand country full of good people and have run it into the ground to the point that it requires a lot of optimism to see even a bleak future .
I would like to see all incumbents except Virginia Sen.
James Webb defeated .
Actually , what I ’d really like to see happen to them is probably against the law to say .
At any rate , tar and feathers would be hard to find in most communities .
Charley Reese [ send him mail ] has been a journalist for 49 years .
The Best of Charley Reese
Some short - sighted individuals will point out that these programming techniques , while certainly laudable for their increased clarity and efficiency , would fail on compiled code .
Sadly , this is true .
At least two of the above techniques will send most compilers into an infinite loop .
But it is already known that most lisp compilers do not implement full lisp semantics -- dynamic scoping , for instance .
This is but another case of the compiler failing to preserve semantic correctness .
It remains the task of the * compiler implementor * to adjust his system to correctly implement the source language , rather than the user to resort to ugly , dangerous , non-portable , non-robust ``hacks ' ' in order to program around a buggy compiler .
I hope this provides some insight into the nature of clean , elegant Lisp programming techniques .
- Olin Shivers
While Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton and her advisers insist that she is determined to win the Democratic nomination , friends of the couple say that former President Bill Clinton , for one , has begun privately contemplating a different outcome for her : As Senator Barack Obama ’s running mate .
The reports about Mr. Clinton ’s musings surface as the Obama camp has quietly begun the process of searching for a partner on the Democratic ticket .
The prospect of an Obama - Clinton ticket has been fodder for political gossip for months , with some Democratic leaders pushing the idea as a way to unify the party .
The Obama and Clinton campaigns have consistently shrugged off the idea , however , and Mrs. Clinton has been adamant that she is only interested in the presidency .
Yet anyone who knows the Clintons is well aware that , at times , they come to politics with different motivations .
Both of them want to return to the White House ; Mrs. Clinton , of New York , also enjoys being a senator , while Mr. Clinton , according to associates , sees the vice presidency as perhaps her best path to becoming president someday if she loses the nominating fight .
And Mr. Clinton has his own ideas about his wife ’s best interests  even if she sometimes does not share them .
New here ?
You may want updates via email or RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
This is a guest post from Amanda , a Colorado tech writer and an activist for children with congenital heart disease .
This article is about Amanda 's personal experience with insurance .
It 's not a prescription for other people , but insights into the value of insurance in her own life .
It 's her hope that it will get you thinking .
There was a time in my life when the thought of insurance made my eyes glaze over .
I 've never been one to want to read details in insurance contracts , license agreements , etc .
I also do n't always enjoy thinking through potential unpleasant situations .
So , when it comes to buying and using insurance , I 've learned some lessons the hard way .
I 've made some mistakes with my car insurance , for instance .
When I bought a second car to drive to grad school several years ago , I thought , “ No , I do n't want to pay $ 3 extra a month for rental car coverage because we have two cars . ”
A few months later , I rear - ended a woman on the highway going 45 mph .
It took a while to get my car back , and my insurance went up a lot .
But it also made it difficult for my husband Jim to get back and forth to work while I used the other car for work and school .
I had thought I did n't need rental car coverage , because I figured , “ Oh , I wo n't be the one to cause an accident . ”
Ha !
There is a reason it 's called an “ accident . ”
So , lesson learned — I needed rental car coverage .
I learned was to understand what I was buying .
Insurance details can be a pain :
How high of a deductible can I actually afford ?
What kind of impact will that have on my emergency savings if I have to pay it ?
How much will I save by trimming features ?
Recently I got a notice that wet - and dry - rot are no longer covered in my homeowners policy — do they know something I do n't ?
I 'm still trying to figure out what this means to me , but I did notice that the price did n't go down .
Also , it took me five months to update the beneficiary information with the insurance company ; I finally got it done right before Christmas .
So , I 'm not an insurance expert by any means , but I am a consumer and I have to make choices .
You 've got my back — right ?
In the early 1980s , my dad had his left foot crushed in a construction accident , and he nearly had it amputated .
He could n't work for two years , during which our family of six lived on workers ' compensation wages of less than $ 1000 / month .
My sister was still a toddler and my dad could n't walk , much less care for her or pick us up from school , so my mom could n't get a job that paid enough to cover daycare .
When I was 19 , working at McDonald 's I spent two months on workers ' comp after a pot of McHot McCoffee broke open and burned the skin right off my left foot .
I was paid 75 % of my wages , but did not have to pay taxes .
Still , it was really hard to live on what amounted to less than minimum wage that summer .
When I was 21 , my dad was diagnosed with esophageal cancer .
For nine months , he lived off of his paid disability insurance through work .
For his last nine months , he lived off of Social Security .
There was a substantial difference in coverage .
I have never been confused by an AFLAC commercial — I know exactly what that duck is quacking about .
I do n't buy their product , but I appreciate what they 're selling .
When they offer disability insurance at work , I buy the maximum allowed .
It 's a few bucks out of my pay check , but I ate enough government cheese in my childhood to know the value of this coverage .
At least I 've still got my health
I could write a book on health insurance .
( Maybe someday I will . )
When my dad fought cancer in the mid-nineties , he had over one million dollars in medical bills .
At the time , all but $ 4,500 were covered by his insurance .
From 2003 - 2007 , my own nuclear family paid out about $ 58,000 for insurance deductibles , copays and prescriptions ; yet our insurance company has come closer to $ 3 million dollars ( before their contractual discounts with hospitals and doctors ) .
There are a lot of open - heart surgeries and a couple of c-sections , and an ambulance ride and a lap - coli in that tally , but as much as I might complain about my part :
It 's not $ 3 million , and
At least much of it was tax - deductible .
Once when I was sitting in the waiting room with my son at the cardiologist , a woman asked the receptionist how much an echocardiogram costs .
The receptionist did n't know ; the nurses did n't know ; the doctor certainly did n't know .
It was early in my cardiology adventures , but now I could tell her it's roughly $ 900 - $ 1200 , with another $ 200 for the cardiologist visit and $ 300 facility fee ; so at least $ 1500 to tell her where her son 's murmur was on the spectrum of “ let 's watch this ” to “ he needs a transplant or he 'll die . ”
This woman , who ran a small business with her husband , had no insurance on her eight - year - old son .
She had to talk to the finance department before she could decide whether she could afford to have this ultrasound to learn the secrets in her son 's heart .
I do n't know what happened to her after that , but from what I know about congenital heart disease , she could easily be owing the hospital and doctors over a million dollars today .
If their business was remotely successful they would not have qualified for Medicaid until a year after they went completely bankrupt .
Today 's bankruptcy laws make it even harder for families to recover from these setbacks .
Your money or your life
Growing up , my father always emphasized the value of insurance .
I knew our family 's insurance agent personally — he came to our house twice a year .
When my dad was ten , his own father dropped dead of a heart - attack .
My grandma lost the house , and they were forced to stay with relatives until she remarried .
Like his father before him , my dad died young .
He was only 48 when his battle with cancer ended — clearly cancer won .
My parents never had a lot of money , but my dad always made room in the budget for life insurance .
My mother , who had been a stay - at - home mom since she was 17 , had no work experience or job skills , but when my dad died , she was able to pay off their modest home and create retirement accounts for herself .
Eventually , she used the care - giving skills she acquired as a parent , and taking care of my dying father , to start a career caring for the elderly .
If my dad had n't obtained solid life insurance , my mother would have struggled to keep her house , and would n't have had the luxury to try out a few different jobs before she found the right fit for her .
Those were my early life - and disability - insurance lessons .
So , when we were 21 and 22 , Jim and I bought our first life insurance policies .
It 's no coincidence that my dad was going through chemo at the time .
We started with $ 100,000 each .
For a 21 - year - old non-smoking woman , that was pretty cheap !
Now I have a little over $ 1,000,000 and Jim has about half that ( work does n't offer as much for the spouse as the employee ) .
We pay about $ 80 a month for all of that life insurance .
I 've worked it out , and with my son's heart condition and the cost of our mortgage , we may be slightly over - insured for me , but not for Jim .
If he died and I took a leave of absence ( or worse if I were in an accident with him and incapacitated ) that money could handle our mortgage until I was able to get back to work and childcare after it , but that 's all .
Also , if we both died , a trust would be created for our kids that would not be eaten up by our son 's medical expenses , so at least our kids could still go to college and have essentials during the rest of their childhoods .
I think I 'll always carry enough life insurance to pay for my funeral and settle immediate , because insurance usually pays out faster than investment funds .
I learned this when both of my grandparents died last year .
The insurance check came six weeks before the investment money .
They had actually pre-paid for their funerals , but they were both in their late - 70s and did that as a favor to their grandchildren ( my dad was their only child ) so we would n't have to deal with those details or expenses .
This I would n't do at age 33 , but I 'd start thinking about it when I get north of 70 .
We finally had our wills done last year , and it feels good to take care of that too .
It cost $ 500 , but that buys a lot of peace - of - mind knowing my kids will never end up in foster care while a court takes several months in probate to settle our estate .
Pick your poison
Everyone has unique insurance needs .
These are my own family 's experiences .
If I had two cars again , I 'd buy a used one and carry liability based on it .
If I were a single woman with no kids , I would probably rent or own a small condo , and have only enough life insurance to pay for my funeral and settle my estate so my mom would n't have to do it for me .
If we did n't have dependent children , I would n't have as much life or health insurance coverage as I do .
When we 're older and have more money in retirement , we 'll carry less insurance .
None of this stuff is fun to think about .
But it 's a simple and unavoidable fact that we all die .
You may die from a car accident , a work accident , cancer , heart attack , infectious disease , or just old age .
Most of the time , you do n't get to chose when or how you check out .
You also do n't get to choose whether or not you or your children will get seriously ill .
I 've known lots of healthy people who 've lived well and still gotten cancer , and I know great parents whose children have died from brain tumors , leukemia , and heart disease .
You can control what you eat and whether you exercise , and that will mitigate your risk , but it does n't eliminate it .
I think the trick is to choose all of your insurance coverage options carefully based on where you are in life today , and who would be impacted if you were hurt , fell ill , or died .
But do not forget to update your coverage based on your own needs and circumstances as you move forward and experience changes .
Sometimes you will need more ; sometimes you will need less .
I did n't share all this to scare people into wasting money on insurance , but to encourage them to think seriously and realistically about what would happen if the roof caved in , the car got wrecked , a foot got lost , you find a lump somewhere it should not be , or you just never make it home one night .
The most expensive mistake we can make is believing it wo n't ever happen to us or someone we love .
Amanda 's previous articles at Get Rich Slowly include :
Look for more from her in the future .
Auto accident image by Incase Designs .
Gottfried Svartholm
Warg , one of four founders of The Pirate Bay , said Monday that " record companies can go screw themselves " in response to a music - industry demand for $ 2.5 million in damages .
The International Federation of the Phonographic Industry made the compensation claim Monday in a Swedish court , where the torrent - tracking site 's developers have been indicted for copyright violations related to the sharing of 24 music albums , nine films and four videogames using the service .
The head of the Swedish chapter of IFPI described the $ 2.5 million sum as representational of greater damage , according to The Local :
This damages now being demanded are based on the albums which the prosecutor has included in his indictment .
The injury to the record companies , the artists and the copyright holders caused by The Pirate Bay ’s illegal activity is many times greater .
However , Svartholm Warg ( pictured ) claims that the $ 2.5 million figure , which the labels most likely reached by multiplying the number of times the albums were traded by their retail price , is too high .
He said that when presented with the claim , he and Pirate Bay 's three other developers " mostly laughed at it . "
" As usual , we 're not too concerned , " he said .
" [ The IFPI 's ] numbers are pure fantasy , " he explained , probably because most downloaders would not have paid full price for what they were downloading .
Photo courtesy Steal This Film
See also :
Several interesting technical ejabberd modules have been released lately : Rest module , Atom pubsub bridge , XMPP / AMQP gateway
Here is a short description of this new modules :
mod_rest :
This module has been developed by Nolan Eakins .
This is an ejabberd module that adds an HTTP handler that allows HTTP clients to literally post arbitrary message stanzas to ejabberd .
The original annoucement is here .
The code is now available in ejabberd - modules subversion repository .
: This module has been developed by Nolan Eakins .
This is an ejabberd module that adds an HTTP handler that allows HTTP clients to literally post arbitrary message stanzas to ejabberd .
The original annoucement is here .
The code is now available in ejabberd - modules subversion repository .
Atom Pubsub bridge :
This module have been developed by Eric Cestari .
It allows any AtomPub clients to post to a specific node in your PubSub tree .
The reverse is also possible : the ejabberd PubSub tree will also be available as an AtomFeed .
The original annoucement is here .
For more information on XMPP publish and subscribe features you can read the specification : XEP - 0060 : Publish - Subscribe .
The code is now available in ejabberd - modules subversion repository .
: This module have been developed by Eric Cestari .
It allows any AtomPub clients to post to a specific node in your PubSub tree .
The reverse is also possible : the ejabberd PubSub tree will also be available as an AtomFeed .
The original annoucement is here .
For more information on XMPP publish and subscribe features you can read the specification : XEP - 0060 : Publish - Subscribe .
The code is now available in ejabberd - modules subversion repository .
XMPP / AMQP gateway : AMQP stands for Advanced Message Queuing Protocol .
This is a message queue protocol for business messaging .
The AMQP gateway allows to mix XMPP presence , federation and internet scale network , with AMQP queueing mecanism .
The original annoucement about the ejabberd gateway for RabbitMQ AMQP implementation is here .
You can browse the extra ejabberd modules on ProcessOne forge .
There are currently more than 25 extensions and the list is growing .
Please , contact me if you would like to get a write access to this subversion repository to add and manage your ejabberd extensions .
WASHINGTON  When Central Intelligence Agency interrogators used waterboarding and other harsh techniques on Qaeda suspects , agency rules required detailed records of each method used , its duration and the names of everyone present , according to one of three heavily redacted government documents made public on Thursday .
The documents , obtained by the American Civil Liberties Union under a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit , add details to the picture of the exchanges between the C.I.A. and the Justice Department over the legal status of the C.I.A. ’s methods .
For decades before 2002 , the United States had considered several of the methods to be illegal torture .
The rule requiring interrogation logs is from a three - page memorandum signed on Jan. 28 , 2003 , by George J. Tenet , then the C.I.A. director , that appears to lay out rules for harsh interrogations .
A one - page attachment has a space for C.I.A. officers in the program to sign , stating , “ I have read and understand and will comply with ” the rules .
The document says that “ unless otherwise approved by headquarters , ” C.I.A. officers “ may use only Permissible Interrogation Techniques , ” which include “ ( a ) Standard Techniques and ( b ) Enhanced Techniques . ”
How bad is it ?
Patent Failure : How Judges , Bureaucrats , and Lawyers Put Innovators at Risk ( buy )
James Bessen and Michael Meurer
Princeton University Press
352 pages
Anyone who has paid the slightest bit of attention to the technology press in recent years knows that the patent system is out of control .
Barely a week goes by here at Ars that we do n't report on an absurd patent application or a frivolous patent lawsuit .
And we 're no longer surprised when an innovative technology company is forced to write an 8 - or 9 - figure check as a result of a frivolous patent lawsuit .
But although there 's now plenty of anecdotal evidence that patents are harming innovation , especially in software , there has been little hard data on the subject .
Most people in the software industry suspect something is wrong , but we have n't been able to prove it , much less quantify the extent of the problem .
A new book by James Bessen and Michael J. Meurer , both of Boston University , aims to fill this gap with one of the most comprehensive empirical analyses of the patent system that has been performed in decades .
Rather than piling up anecdotes of beleaguered innovators and rapacious patent trolls , Bessen and Meurer have done the hard work of collecting detailed data about the patent system .
And the findings documented in Patent Failure : How Judges , Bureaucrats , and Lawyers Put Innovators at Risk are sobering .
Measuring patent performance
Patents are supposed to create a positive incentive for innovation by enhancing the profits of companies that develop new technologies .
If the patent system is working properly , the average firm 's patent portfolio should generate more profits than the total cost of defending against patent infringement lawsuits from other firms .
If , in contrast , litigation costs exceed patent profits , that suggests the patent system is actually creating a net dis-incentive to innovation .
In that case , innovative companies would be better off with no patent system at all .
Focusing on public companies , Bessen and Meurer use several sources — including the results of patent auctions , the rate of patent renewals , and the effect of patent portfolios on market capitalizations — to determine the value of public firms ' patent portfolios .
They estimate the costs of patent litigation ( which can include factors such as business uncertainty , executive distraction , and bad publicity in addition to attorneys ' fees ) by observing how defendant firms ' stock prices changed on the day the patent lawsuits were announced .
They also divide their study into two categories of patents : chemical and pharmaceutical patents in one category , and all other patents in the other .
Their data suggests three broad conclusions .
First , patent litigation began rising sharply in the early 1990s .
The costs of defending against patent litigation for non-chemical firms held steady at about $ 2 billion per year during the 1980s , but by 1999 ( the last year for which they have reliable data ) , patent litigation was costing defendants more than $ 10 billion annually .
Second , while the chemical and pharmaceutical industries also experienced increased litigation during the 1990s , the problem was much less dire ; the patent system still appeared to offer positive innovation incentives for drug and chemical firms .
Patent profits and litigation costs for publicly - traded US companies
Most shockingly , Bessen and Meurer 's data suggest that outside of the chemical and pharmaceutical industries , litigation costs for the average public firm actually exceed profits from their patent portfolio by a wide margin .
By 1999 , the last year in their sample , defendending against patent lawsuits cost non-chemical public firms about $ 12 billion , while their patent portfolios generated only about $ 3 billion in profits .
This data suggests that outside the chemical and pharmaceutical industries , the patent system actually reduces the net returns to innovation ; firms do n't earn enough from their patents to offset the costs of defending themselves against patent infringement lawsuits brought by other firms .
Patent profits and litigation costs for publicly - traded US companies
These results come with an important caveat : Bessen and Meurer focus was on publicly traded companies , not privately - held firms or individual inventors .
The data does show that the patent system works relatively better for smaller firms , so including private firms in the calculation might mitigate the patent system 's negative effect somewhat .
But even if the patent system works relatively better for such firms , the net effect is still likely to be negative because public companies perform the lion 's share of research and development .
Moreover , the evidence suggests that the patents held by small firms are actually less valuable than patents held by large firms .
The patent system may be a net positive for smaller firms , but the overall impact outside the chemical and pharmaceutical industries is still likely to be negative .
BENNETT —
Just four days after escaping a federal minimum - security work camp , “ Spam King ” Eddie Davidson shot his wife and child and wounded a teen - age girl before turning the gun on himself .
Sheriff ’s deputies responded to a report of gunfire in the small plains town of Bennett at about 11:15 a.m. today and found Davidson , 29 - year - old Amy Lee Ann Hill and their 3 - year - old daughter shot to death .
Davidson ’s most recent spam business , Power Promoters , was based in Bennett .
Arapahoe County Undersheriff Mark Campbell said the bodies were found laying near a Toyota Sequoia SUV in the driveway .
Davidson ’s body was beside the driver ’s door , a pistol nearby , and his wife ’s body fell near the passenger side .
The 3 - year - old girl was found dead in the vehicle .
A boy , about 7 months old , was found unharmed in a car seat in the SUV , Campbell said .
A teenage girl , shot in the neck , escaped by running to a neighbor ’s home , the Sheriff ’s Office said .
The teenager was taken to University of Colorado Hospital in Denver for treatment for her serious wound , and the infant to The Children ’s Hospital in Aurora to be examined .
Ken Deal , chief deputy U.S. marshal in Denver , said that hours after Davidson ’s escape Sunday , his wife , Amy Hill , told Lakewood police he had forced her to take him to the Denver area in the same SUV .
Hill told police Davidson had slapped or back - handed her during the two - hour drive from Florence .
U.S. Attorney Troy Eid said Thursday night that Davidson drove the SUV from Florence to Lakewood , where he got a change of clothes and cash before disappearing .
Neighbors in Bennett said Davidson and his family had moved from the house more than six months ago .
The family was known in Bennett as “ the Hills ” and “ stayed to themselves , ” a neighbor said .
Media and prosecutors have dubbed Davidson “ The Spam King ” for years for his prolific anonymous e-mails selling a raft of products .
Davidson had pleaded guilty to tax evasion and falsifying information about the sender of e-mail pitches for low - cost , high risk stocks .
He was sentenced in April to 21 months in federal prison camp in Florence and reported to begin his sentence in late May .
Assistant U.S. Attorney Tim Neff said Davidson had become a “ consultant ” to the FBI investigating other spammers .
Bob Cambron , who lives about a half - mile away , said he was working in the yard when he heard the sound gunshots carried on the wind .
“ Immediately after the shots , there was intense screaming , ” Cambron said .
He drove to the house right away .
“ I did n’t have any idea what I was driving into , ” he said .
“ I just saw the vehicle in the driveway with bodies . ”
He said he was reluctant to get close “ because I did n’t want to be the next victim . ”
He said a neighbor who called 911 also helped the teenage gunshot victim .
“ What a nightmare , and such a coward , ” Eid said .
“ Davidson imposed the ‘ death penalty ’ on family members for his own crime . ”
Staff Writer Joey Bunch contributed to this report
Howard Pankratz : hpankratz@denverpost.com ; 303-954-1939
Advertisements
Earlier this morning , the United States Supreme Court gave the Constitution , which had become much attacked under the Bush Administration , a boost of high octane gas ( at $ 5.65 a gallon…ok , kidding ) .
The Court ruled that foreign terrorism suspects being held at Guantanamo Bay do in fact have rights under the Constitution and they are able to challenge their detention in U.S. civilian courts .
Justices Stephen Breyer , Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Anthony Kennedy , John Paul Stevens and David Souter stood together to protect the US Constitution from being further stripped and burned by the Bush Administration .
Together , they were the majority .
And in no surprise whatsoever to anyone , Justices Samuel Alito , Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas joined Chief Justice John Roberts in dissent .
Advertisements
Chief Justice Roberts not only dissented but roundly castigated the majority justices for striking down what he deemed “ the most generous set of procedural protections ever afforded aliens detained by this country as enemy combatants . ”
Apparently Roberts and the openly neo -con cabal of justices believe that being drug into an island fortress of hostile captivity in a random dragnet , and then being held without any right for seven long years is generous and humane .
I wonder if this is what Bush meant by compassionate conservatism ?
This ruling is the third time the high court has stricken down and pushed back against the Bush Administration ’s rampant and wanton destruction of the Constitution , and for its unlawful treatment of prisoners .
Frankly , it ’s astonishing that in seven years of criminal and lawless behavior , there has only been three instances of push back from the Supreme Court .
This administration has been allowed to get away with illicit , and often , sinister acts for far too long .
Thank goodness for the five justices who are still sane , who still possess reason , for protecting the Constitution , an idea totally foreign to the Bush folks .
Justice Kennedy wrote in his ruling , “ The laws and Constitution are designed to survive , and remain in force , in extraordinary times . ”
He should have added : especially , in extraordinary times .
So plain .
So clear .
So simple .
And yet , sadly , totally ignored and forgotten by both the Bush Administration as well as too many Americans .
Weighing the balance between military readiness and environmental protection , the Supreme Court said Monday that it would decide whether the U.S.
Navy must limit its use of high - powered sonar off the California coast to protect whales and other marine mammals .
The justices voted to hear the Navy ’s appeal of a judge ’s order that requires ships to turn down their sonar whenever whales or dolphins are spotted within 2,200 yards -- 1.25 miles .
A modified version of the judge ’s order will remain in effect during the appeal , but the high court ’s decision to hear the case is a victory for the Navy and a setback for environmentalists .
The intense sound waves from the sonar are believed to frighten , injure and possibly kill whales .
But the two sides differ greatly on the extent of the effects .
Environmentalists point to studies of dead whales that washed ashore in the Bahamas , Canary Islands and Madeira islands after the Navy conducted war games nearby .
Some of the animals appeared to have died of hemorrhages in and around their ears , brains and lungs .
They also said the Navy ’s own studies forecast that training exercises off the California coast would “ significantly disturb ” an estimated 170,000 marine mammals .
But the Navy said training exercises using sonar have been conducted for 40 years off California , and they “ produced no evidence of sonar - related harm to any marine mammal . ”
Of special note , there are no reports of dead whales after these exercises , they said .
In their appeal , administration lawyers argued that the judges in California had overstepped their authority by restricting the Navy ’s operations .
They described “ anti- submarine warfare [ as ] a high - stakes cat - and - mouse game ” that requires days of carefully tracking sound waves .
A requirement to suddenly shut down its sonar equipment “ cripples the Navy ’s ability to conduct realistic ” training exercises , they told the court .
Last year , the Natural Resources Defense Council in Santa Monica and four other environmental groups went to court in Los Angeles seeking limits on the Navy ’s use of sonar during a series of exercises planned off the California coast .
They relied heavily on the Navy ’s own studies to show the probable harm to marine mammals , including the vulnerable beaked whale .
U.S. District Judge Florence - Marie Cooper agreed with the NRDC that use of the mid-frequency sonar would create a “ near certainty ” of harm to the mammals .
In January of this year , she handed down an order that limited the Navy ’s use of sonar when marine mammals came within 2,200 yards of a vessel .
She said sonar could not be used with 12 miles of the coast , nor near the Catalina Basin , where whales congregate .
Navy leaders took particular exception to the requirement to power down the sonar whenever the mammals came within 1.25 miles of a ship .
“ Imposing that restriction means a complete loss of training in that environment , ” Vice Adm. Samuel J. Locklear , commander of the U.S. 3rd Fleet in San Diego , said Monday .
“ It would effectively eliminate any productive anti-submarine rehearsals . ”
In February , the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals upheld Cooper ’s order but modified it somewhat .
During a “ critical point ” in a training exercise , the Navy may use the sonar at a lower decibel level even when mammals are spotted within a mile of the ship , the appeals court said .
But the administration appealed on behalf of Navy Secretary Donald C. Winter and said that even the modified order “ jeopardizes the Navy ’s ability to train sailors or Marines for wartime deployment during a time of hostility . ”
The judge ’s order appears to stand on a weak platform , the administration lawyers said .
It rests on an alleged violation of the National Environmental Policy Act , which requires the government to conduct environmental impact studies .
That law does not forbid the government from taking action , they said .
Separately , the Marine Mammal Protection
Act protects whales and other marine mammals , but it includes an exception for “ military readiness activity . ”
And in this case , the Defense Department exempted the Navy from complying with this measure during its California training exercises .
Lawyers for the NRDC said they were not surprised by the court ’s willingness to hear the Navy ’s appeal but said they remained confident of winning .
Richard B. Kendall , a Los Angeles lawyer who represented the NRDC , pointed out that the justices had recently rejected a similar claim from the administration that the military ’s need to hold “ enemy combatants ” at Guantanamo Bay trumps the detainees ’ right to go to court .
“ We expect that the Supreme Court will again hold that the military must obey our nation ’s laws , including the National Environmental Policy Act , and reinforce the message that the Navy should train using sonar , but train responsibly so that it causes the least possible harm to whales and other marine life , ” Kendall said .
The high court will hear arguments in Winter vs. NRDC in the fall .
david.savage@latimes.com
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet
Wednesday , May 28 , 2008
Nearly four years after Benjamin Vanderford hoodwinked the global media by manufacturing a fake Al - Qaeda beheading tape , America ’s corporate press whores are once again gearing up to fearmonger about the prospect of mushroom clouds over American cities by instantly ascribing gospel status to a dubious " Al - Qaeda fan " Internet videotape that encourages the use of WMD in a terrorist attack .
" Intelligence and law enforcement sources tell ABC News they are expecting al Qaeda supporters will post a new video on the Internet in the next 24 hours , calling for what one source said is " jihadists to use biological , chemical and nuclear weapons to attack the West , " according to the report .
" There have been several reports that al Qaeda will release a new message calling for the use of weapons of mass destruction ( WMD ) against civilians , " FBI spokesman Richard Kolko told ABC News in an e-mail .
Since the dubious series of beheading videos , which coincidentally came to a stop when one of our readers managed to expose the ludicrousness of accepting such propaganda at face value by hoodwinking the world media with a fake beheading tape , " Al - Qaeda " has been resigned to spreading its message through Mossad agents like Adam Pearlman and alleged sketchy Bin Laden audio recordings .
It was back in August 2004 that 22 - year - old aspiring video game designer Benjamin Vanderford posted a 55 second clip on the Internet filmed at his friend ’s house which depicted himself being crudely beheaded while fake blood spurted for visual effect .
Vanderford ’s buddy dressed up like the infamous Abu Musab al - Zarqawi , barked out a template terrorist screed , and the press bought it hook , line and sinker .
The corporate media lapped up the phony tape and within hours of it being uploaded serious analysts on Fox News were citing the footage as further evidence to prove we were in a war against bloodthirsty terrorists .
Vanderford said he made the tape " to just make a statement on these type of videos and how easily they can be faked . "
Benjamin Vanderford ’s " Abu Musab al - Zarqawi Slaughters an American " hoax was accepted at face value by a feverish corporate media who instantly afforded credence to the fraud .
Vanderford single - handedly proved that anyone in the world can dress up as an Arab terrorist , fake a beheading scene or a speech , upload it to the Internet , and have the global media obsessing about the deadly threat of Al - Qaeda within hours .
The latest " Al - Qaeda WMD " sideshow is no different .
This could have been made by the tooth fairy for all the corporate media cares .
It fills up the headlines , it attracts viewers and it pleases their military - industrial complex sponsors who make a killing out of artificially inflating the scope of the phantom war on terror for increased weapons sales and fighter jets .
The lesson that the Internet is an anonymous free - for - all medium has still not been learned four years later as the media seizes upon the latest offering which provides them with an ample opportunity to fearmonger about biological attacks turning American cities into quarantine camps this summer .
One wonders if the new tape will feature original rhetoric or whether it will just be lifted almost entirely from a satirical spoof website , as was the case with the previous " Al - Qaeda tape " .
You know it ’s bad when even IntelCenter , the Pentagon front group that routinely releases fake " Al - Qaeda " propaganda videos of Bin Laden speeches cobbled together from 5 - year - old footage , is denouncing the new tape as inconsequential .
" Supporter videos are made by fans or supporters who may not have ever had any contact with a real terrorist , " IntelCenter ’s CEO Ben Venzke told ABC News .
" These videos almost always are comprised of old video footage that is edited together to make a new video . "
( Takes one to know one , Ben ! )
" Considering them so would be the equivalent of considering a 10 - year - old ’s homemade fan video of his favorite sports team to be an official team message , " Venzke said .
" IntelCenter is not aware of any new imminent message by al - Qaeda or any other leading jihadist group in audio or video form that will call for the use of WMD against civilians . "
Venzke makes a good point but he might just be upset that the " Al - Qaeda fan " did n’t go through his military - industrial complex front in releasing the tape .
If you ’re wondering why the boys at IntelCenter always know when an " Al - Qaeda " video is set to be released two days before it pops up , the answer is simple – they are manufacturing the entire fraud .
Similar to the need to create a PR buzz before the release of a new DVD or a movie , IntelCenter makes sure its customers know ahead of time in order to cash in on a lucrative scheme that services client subscribers from governments and intelligence agencies around the world .
The franchise of hawking terrorist propaganda is no doubt a multi-million dollar cash cow , which is why Venzke seems upset that he ’s not got his hand in the pie on this one , but money is n’t the only agenda behind IntelCenter ’s operation .
As we have exhaustively documented , Intelcenter is an offshoot of IDEFENSE , which was staffed by a senior military psy - op intelligence officer Jim Melnick , who has worked directly for Donald Rumsfeld .
The organization released the " laughing hijackers " tape and claimed it was an Al - Qaeda video , despite the fact that the footage was obtained by a " security agency " at a 2000 Bin Laden speech .
IntelCenter was recently caught adding its logo to a tape at the same time as Al - Qaeda ’s so - called media arm As - Sahab added its logo , proving the two organizations were one and the same .
The Pakistani based Al - Qaeda group Jundullah , formerly headed by the alleged mastermind of 9/11 , an organization which enjoys the funding , support and protection of the CIA , also produces propaganda tapes and literature for As - Sahab and in turn IntelCenter .
Perhaps the latest Al - Qaeda - WMD fraud denotes that IntelCenter has some good old fashioned competition on its hands in the emerging market of terrorist propaganda tapes , but for the rest of us it ’s another painful reminder that the corporate media has abandoned any pretense of investigative journalism in favor of acting as a mere relay circuit for Neo - Con black propaganda .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Other times , however , you really get the feeling that 100 percent of a character 's fighting ability is due to clever editing and a script that calls for his opponents to fall down at his touch .
With that in mind , here are seven supposed badasses who we 're pretty sure you could take in a fight :
Some fictional badasses come with a certain level of credibility .
Watching a dead eyed Sylvester Stallone machine gun an entire Vietnamese village to shreds , we had no trouble believing John Rambo could rip our throats out if the situation called for it .
6 The Karate Kid
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Strengths :
Good handyman abilities ; high tolerance for menial , mind - numbing work , creative costume designer ; able to take a good beating .
Weaknesses :
Fairly limited formal instruction in martial arts , little to no musculature , fighting techniques consist of " special " moves of questionable usefulness .
How You Can Beat Him :
The Karate Kid is hardly an imposing specimen , and his fighting style consists mostly of looking scared while trying to remember the four actual moves he was taught .
While he gets props for being able to take a punch -- repeatedly and to many different areas of his body -- such a fighting style is generally not conducive to winning a fight .
We like your chances .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
He relies heavily on some obscure technique that seems to require his opponent to rush blindly into it .
So when you see him propped up on one leg , your obvious strategy would be to go low and kick his other leg out from under him .
That should be followed by a righteous stomping from the top .
This should provide a better chance of success than the Cobra Kai 's favored tactic of running at him chin - first with their arms behind their back .
Further research ( that is , watching the second film ) should teach you not to make the opponent 's mistake of falling for the same trick ... 50 times in a row .
Yes , while the old block - and - punch maneuver is mighty clever , we 'd suggest changing the approach once you get hit by it once , and not allow yourself to be knocked unconscious by getting smacked with the same move for five straight minutes .
We learned our lesson on that back in 5th grade .
“ I ’m not sure he ’s the optimal messenger , ” said Charlie Cook , the political analyst .
But there is the Libertarian Party and then there is the libertarian  small - “ L ”  state of mind .
Those who do not necessarily vote with the party but identify with some of the core libertarian philosophy  a small government with minimal reach into people ’s personal lives , and minimal foreign entanglements  may be a potent , if unpredictable , group of voters .
“ I think one problem the Republican Party is facing in the Mountain West is that the social , cultural and religious emphasis of Republicans in the last five , six , eight years has run against the libertarian grain , ” Mr. Cook said .
“ When these people signed onto small government , they were n’t just talking about money .
They were talking about small government , period .
So when government dictates anything , whether social , cultural , religious or anything else , they take a dim view of that . ”
Libertarians trace their historical roots back to the Enlightenment and views of the rights of the individual that informed the Constitution , which they say should be strictly interpreted .
As might be expected from a group placing a high value on individual freedom , they are a diverse bunch , animated by different issues , whether gun rights or drug legalization or cutting taxes .
When libertarian ideas gained in popularity in the 1970s , it was in part from public discontent with big - government efforts like the Vietnam War .
Lately , libertarians have focused on issues like the war in Iraq , which they oppose in common with many Democrats , and school choice , which they favor along with social conservatives .
Many view Mr. McCain , the presumptive Republican nominee , with suspicion if not disdain , despite his opposition to government pork , a maverick image and roots in Arizona , home of the Republican Senator Barry Goldwater ( he of “ extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice ” ) .
They oppose Mr. McCain ’s support both of the war and campaign finance restrictions , which they see as a curb on free speech .
Meanwhile , liberal Democrat though he may be , Senator Barack Obama , Mr. McCain ’s likely foe , may attract libertarians not only because of his antiwar views but because , like Mr. Paul , he has had great success organizing support via the Internet , where a libertarian spirit thrives .
Mr. Boaz of the Cato Institute said he already detected some movement to Mr. Barr .
“ I ’ve had friends e-mail me over the last few days and say , ‘ I want Barr to keep McCain out of the White House , ’ ” he said .
“ So there definitely are some libertarians who object to McCain and want to see Barr siphon votes away from him . ”
Mr. Barr is expected to attract votes in libertarian strongholds like Colorado , Idaho , New Mexico and New Hampshire .
One recent poll suggested that Mr. Barr could do the most serious damage in his native Georgia , where Mr. Obama , with his wide support among black voters , could perform well , too .
At least one in 12 patients who die has been diagnosed incorrectly , according to a 2003 analysis in The Journal of the American Medical Association .
When trying to figure out the occasional difficult case , doctors sometimes get it wrong .
Yet they rarely use the highly accurate computer systems designed to help with the identification of ailments .
Take the example of DXplain , one of the more popular diagnostic software tools around for physicians .
DXplain is available for free on the Internet to every licensed health care professional in the United States .
Yet fewer than one in 10 physicians has used the program during its more than 20 years on the market , estimated Dr. Edward Hoffer , a key DXplain developer and professor of medicine at the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston .
Many of these computer programs , like DXplain , allow the clinician to plug in patient symptoms and demographic information such as sex , age , race and geography .
The computer then compiles a list of possible diagnoses , and the doctor can click away for more information on each medical condition .
Using these programs is time - consuming and cumbersome , and there is not enough evidence that using them improves patient care , noted Dr. Peter Stetson , professor of clinical medical informatics at Columbia University in New York .
He views these challenges as opportunities for researchers to improve these products .
But doctors ’ psychological barriers may be even harder to overcome than these technical issues .
“ The problem with diagnosis is we do not know when we do not know , ” said Dr. Joseph Britto , co-founder and developer of a new diagnosis program called Isabel .
He estimated that doctors are wrong in about one in 15 cases .
The vast majority of cases doctors see are clear - cut , explained Dr. Michael Cantor , chief medical information officer at Bellevue Hospital in New York .
“ You do n’t need a diagnosis system to tell you that a 55 - year - old smoker coming in with chest pain is probably having a heart attack , ” added Cantor .
But when a case is not so run -of - the - mill , DXplain ’s Hoffer said , physicians may “ pigeonhole ” it without considering all the evidence .
“ Doctors who ’ve practiced for a long time tend to assume that patients have a common disease they ’ve seen before , ” said Hoffer .
Physicians also get inadequate feedback on their diagnostic mistakes , explained Eta Berner , an expert on diagnostic support systems and professor of health informatics at the University of Alabama at Birmingham .
“ They can make the wrong diagnosis , treat it fine and never realize that they made an error . ”
Another possible factor leading to mistakes is that doctors are often overconfident in their diagnoses , according to research published in the Journal of General Internal Medicine in 2005 .
In this study , a group of physicians were asked to list possible diagnoses for some challenging cases and if they would have sought help with their decisions .
When they were wrong , they would not have looked for assistance in more than one in three instances .
Given these pitfalls , one way to improve diagnostic accuracy may be to work with doctors ’ existing attitudes instead of trying to change them .
“ Make it easy for me to do the right thing .
Make it hard for me to do the wrong thing , ” explained Dr. Abha Agrawal , director of medical informatics at Kings County Hospital Center in Brooklyn .
For instance , researchers are exploring the possibility of integrating DXplain so that it can scan electronic patient records and then pop up with a note when the symptoms and the diagnosis do not match , said Hoffer .
But even then , physicians might ignore these digital reminders , as was shown in a 2005 study in the Journal of the American Medical Informatics Association .
“ My favorite analogy is the little paper clip guy in Word , ” said Berner .
“ There ’s no one I know who does n’t turn him off immediately . ”
Another solution might be to require doctors to consult a computer on every case .
“ Physicians should not be allowed to make a diagnosis without using a checklist , ” said Isabel ’s Britto , comparing such a list to take - off and landing protocols in aviation .
In his system , such a list can be just one click away from the patient ’s record .
Attitudes about computer - assisted diagnosis could also change naturally as a new generation enters the medical field .
Younger doctors are more eager to use the technology , according to Dr. Stephen Borowitz , a pediatrician who oversaw the adoption of Isabel at the University of Virginia Health System in Charlottesville , Va .
“ That cultural shift is already happening , ” he said .
Meanwhile , if you are uneasy about your own diagnosis , what should you do ?
Share your concerns with your doctor and ask for other possibilities .
If she ca n’t provide one , it may be time to get a second opinion .
Related on Scienceline :
Read about the risks and benefits of prescribing off - label drugs .
Learn about drug industry oversight .
Find out how researchers are battling hospital - acquired pneumonia .
SALT LAKE CITY - Researchers have been unable to build an ideal " photonic crystal " to manipulate visible light , impeding the dream of ultrafast optical computers .
But now , University of Utah chemists have discovered that nature already has designed photonic crystals with the ideal , diamond - like structure :
They are found in the shimmering , iridescent green scales of a beetle from Brazil .
" It appears that a simple creature like a beetle provides us with one of the technologically most sought - after structures for the next generation of computing , " says study leader Michael Bartl , an assistant professor of chemistry and adjunct assistant professor of physics at the University of Utah .
" Nature has simple ways of making structures and materials that are still unobtainable with our million - dollar instruments and engineering strategies . "
The study by Bartl , University of Utah chemistry doctoral student Jeremy Galusha and colleagues is set to be published later this week in the journal Physical Review E .
The beetle is an inch - long weevil named Lamprocyphus augustus .
The discovery of its scales ' crystal structure represents the first time scientists have been able to work with a material with the ideal or " champion " architecture for a photonic crystal .
" Nature uses very simple strategies to design structures to manipulate light - structures that are beyond the reach of our current abilities , " Galusha says .
Bartl and Galusha now are trying to design a synthetic version of the beetle 's photonic crystals , using scale material as a mold to make the crystals from a transparent semiconductor .
The scales can't be used in technological devices because they are made of fingernail - like chitin , which is not stable enough for long - term use , is not semiconducting and does n't bend light adequately .
The University of Utah chemists conducted the study with coauthors Lauren Richey , a former Springville High School student now attending Brigham Young University ; BYU biology Professor John Gardner ; and Jennifer Cha , of IBM 's Almaden Research Center in San Jose , Calif .
Quest for the Ideal or ' Champion ' Photonic Crystal
Researchers are seeking photonic crystals as they aim to develop optical computers that run on light ( photons ) instead of electricity ( electrons ) .
Right now , light in near - infrared and visible wavelengths can carry data and communications through fiberoptic cables , but the data must be converted from light back to electricity before being processed in a computer .
The goal - still years away - is an ultrahigh - speed computer with optical integrated circuits or chips that run on light instead of electricity .
" You would be able to solve certain problems that we are not able to solve now , " Bartl says .
" For certain problems , an optical computer could do in seconds what regular computers need years for . "
Researchers also are seeking ideal photonic crystals to amplify light and thus make solar cells more efficient , to capture light that would catalyze chemical reactions , and to generate tiny laser beams that would serve as light sources on optical chips .
" Photonic crystals are a new type of optical materials that manipulate light in non-classic ways , " Bartl says .
Some colors of light can pass through a photonic crystal at various speeds , while other wavelengths are reflected as the crystal acts like a mirror .
Bartl says there are many proposals for how light could be manipulated and controlled in new ways by photonic crystals , " however we still lack the proper materials that would allow us to create ideal photonic crystals to manipulate visible light .
A material like this does n't exist artificially or synthetically . "
The ideal photonic crystal - dubbed the " champion " crystal - was described by scientists elsewhere in 1990 .
They showed that the optimal photonic crystal - one that could manipulate light most efficiently - would have the same crystal structure as the lattice of carbon atoms in diamond .
Diamonds cannot be used as photonic crystals because their atoms are packed too tightly together to manipulate visible light .
When made from an appropriate material , a diamond - like structure would create a large " photonic bandgap , " meaning the crystalline structure prevents the propagation of light of a certain range of wavelengths .
Materials with such bandgaps are necessary if researchers are to engineer optical circuits that can manipulate visible light .
On the Path of the Beetle : From BYU to Belgium and Brazil
The new study has its roots in Richey 's science fair project on iridescence in biology when she was a student at Utah 's Springville High School .
Gardner 's group at BYU was helping her at the same time Galusha was using an electron microscope there and learned of Richey 's project .
Richey wanted to examine an iridescent beetle , but lacked a complete specimen .
So the researchers ordered Brazil 's Lamprocyphus augustus from a Belgian insect dealer .
The beetle 's shiny , sparkling green color is produced by the crystal structure of its scales , not by any pigment , Bartl says .
The scales are made of chitin , which forms the external skeleton , or exoskeleton , of most insects and is similar to fingernail material .
The scales are affixed to the beetle 's exoskeleton .
Each measures 200 microns ( millionths of a meter ) long by 100 microns wide .
A human hair is about 100 microns thick .
Green light - which has a wavelength of about 500 to 550 nanometers , or billionths of a meter - cannot penetrate the scales ' crystal structure , which acts like mirrors to reflect the green light , making the beetle appear iridescent green .
Bartl says the beetle was interesting because it was iridescent regardless of the angle from which it was viewed - unlike most iridescent objects - and because a preliminary electron microscope examination showed its scales did not have the structure typical of artificial photonic crystals .
" The color and structure looked interesting , " Bartl says .
" The question was : What was the exact three - dimensional structure that produces these unique optical properties " "
The Utah team 's study is the first to show that " just as atoms are arranged in diamond crystals , so is the chitin structure of beetle scales , " he says .
Galusha determined the 3 - D structure of the scales using a scanning electron microscope .
He cut a cross section of a scale , and then took an electron microscope image of it .
Then he used a focused ion beam - sort of a tiny sandblaster that shoots a beam of gallium ions - to shave off the exposed end of the scale , and then took another image , doing so repeatedly until he had images of 150 cross-sections from the same scale .
Then the researchers " stacked " the images together in a computer , and determined the crystal structure of the scale material : a diamond - like or " champion " architecture , but with building blocks of chitin and air instead of the carbon atoms in diamond .
Next , Galusha and Bartl used optical studies and theory to predict optical properties of the scales ' structure .
The prediction matched reality : green iridescence .
Many iridescent objects appear that way only when viewed at certain angles , but the beetle remains iridescent from any angle .
Bartl says the way the beetle does that is an " ingenious engineering strategy " that approximates a technology for controlling the propagation of visible light .
A single beetle scale is not a continuous crystal , but includes some 200 pieces of chitin , each with the diamond - based crystal structure but each oriented a different direction .
So each piece reflects a slightly different wavelength or shade of green .
" Each piece is too small to be seen individually by your eye , so what you see is a composite effect , " with the beetle appearing green from any angle , Bartl explains .
Scientists do n't know how the beetle uses its color , but " because it is an unnatural green , it 's likely not for camouflage , " Bartl says .
" It could be to attract mates . "
###
The study was funded by the National Science Foundation , American Chemical Society , the University of Utah and Brigham Young University .
University of Utah Public Relations
201 Presidents Circle , Room 308
Salt Lake City , Utah 84112-9017
( 801 ) 581-6773 fax : ( 801 ) 585-3350
www.unews.utah.edu
A 16 - year - old Jordanian boy has been charged with murder after his 23 - year - old sister was stabbed to death in an apparent " honour " killing .
The unnamed suspect allegedly stabbed his sister 10 times in the heart yesterday in a village in the northeastern province of Mafraq , an official said .
" He has confessed to murdering his sister because she disappeared from home for a month with a boyfriend , " the official added .
It was the seventh reported so - called " honour " killing this year , according to security officials .
Jordanian authorities recorded 17 such murders in 2007 , slightly up on previous years .
Killers in such cases often receive light sentences if convicted , as parliament has twice refused to reform the penal code despite pressure from human rights groups to end the near impunity of the perpetrators .
AFP
General Motors Corp. ( GM ) CEO Rick Wagoner announced Tuesday that the struggling automaker is taking steps to cut costs , including a 20 percent reduction in salaried employment costs , suspending its dividend , and boost its liquidity by $ 15 billion into 2009 .
The automaker has been hit hard by $ 4 per gallon gasoline , as the rising fuel prices turned the trickle of Americans seeking fuel efficient vehicles into a deluge , and GM drowning in their decision to market gas - guzzling SUVs and trucks .
Complicating things further is a weak U.S. , shifts in consumer vehicle preferences , and the lowest U.S. industry sales volumes in a decade .
GM stock has been trading at 50 year lows , closing down 54 cents Monday to $ 9.38 per share .
" Since the first of this year , our progress has been threatened as U.S. economic challenges become ( more ) difficult , " Wagoner said .
" In the past six weeks , U.S. market and economic conditions have continued to decline .
These require us to take further actions . "
GM said that the actions announced today , including the sale of up to $ 4 billion in assets and borrowing $ 2 billion in capital , would have a cumulative impact of approximately $ 15 billion on its cash through 2009 .
The company forecasts sales of 14.7 million vehicles in 2008 .
Through a number of internal operating changes and other actions , GM expects to generate approximately $ 10 billion of cumulative cash improvements by the end of 2009 , versus original plans .
GM plans further salaried headcount reductions in the U.S. and Canada in the 2008 calendar year .
In addition , care coverage for U.S. salaried retirees over 65 will be eliminated .
These benefit changes , salaried headcount reductions and other related savings will result in an estimated reduction in cash costs of more than 20 % , or $ 1.5 billion in 2009 .
Further , truck capacity is expected to be reduced by 300,000 units by the end of 2009 , half of which is from acceleration of prior announced actions , and half from new capacity actions .
In addition , GM will reduce and consolidate sales and marketing budgets , with a focus on protecting launch products and brand advertising .
These operating actions , combined with the benefits of the 2007 GM - UAW labor agreement , are targeted to reduce North American structural cost from $ 33.2 billion in 2007 to approximately $ 26 - 27 billion in 2010 , a reduction of $ 6 - 7 billion .
In addition , the GM Board of Directors has decided to suspend future dividends on common stock , effective immediately , which is expected to improve liquidity by approximately $ 800 million through 2009 .
GM is undertaking a broad global assessment of its assets for possible sale or monetization , which is expected to generate approximately $ 2 - 4 billion of additional liquidity .
For comments and feedback contact : editorial@rttnews.com
Konqueror session management + crash handler
So as it was promised , konqueror session management is already done .
I ’ve just sent an email to kfm - devel with the patch attached and hopefully the patch will enter into trunk before the hard feature freeze ( next monday ) so that we get it in Konqueror 4.1 .
The session management support is pretty similar to the one that Opera has .
Let ’s say it ’s inspired in Opera = ) .
And as everyone likes screenshots , here there is one that shows the new menus for session management :
So you can easily save current session , open one of the saved sessions , or manage current sessions .
And only one more item was added to the File Menu , which is the same menu where session management resides in Opera .
The Manage sessions dialog lets you save current session in a new session or in an existing session ( overwriting it ) .
It also can rename an existing session , or delete it .
Or even open one of those sessions .
Quite straightforward if you look at it , actually :
And I have reserved the best part for the end .
Proper crash session recovery !
Because Konqueror should n’t , but it can crash sometimes .
And it crashes even more when you use KDE trunk .
Until now , the only option you had to recover from a crash was using the crash plugin which is sub-optimal .
What I ’ve done is something similar to what Opera , Firefox and many others browsers do :
Save session every X seconds ( it ’s configurable via konquerorrc , 10 seconds by default as in firefox ) .
This is done for all konqueror processes , and it ’s saved in ~/.kde/share/apps/konqueror/autosaved /.
Each process saves its session timely there in a file with a name similar to “ : 1.114 ” which identifies it .
When a konqueror instance is closed cleanly , its file is removed .
Thus , every time a new window or konqueror process is launched , Konqueror reads that directory and asks to DBus if there ’s any service registered with the name “ : 1.114 ” , for example , or whatever name have the autosaved files .
This is done very fast , because no text parsing or waiting is needed , so the user does n’t feel any delay .
If for some reason there ’s a file with a name that is not related to a registered dbus service , that means that something wrong happened i.e. a konqueror process crashed or froze .
And in that case , you get this nice dialog :
Which allows you to restore session if you want , or not , or even not restoring it now but restoring it later ( opening a new konqueror process / window ) .
As David Faure suggested me , it also allows you to check “ do not ask again ” and always do whatever you choose automatically without asking everytime .
Nice is n’t it ?
There ’ still some related fixes I want to add to SVN before hard feature freeze , like adding a KAction menu to “ Hibernate konqueror ” , i.e .
Save current session and close konqueror , so that next time you open konqueror it can be restored .
Also listing the crashed and still not restored sessions ( i.e. you clicked in “ ask me later ” ) in the sessions menu .
Oh and adding an option to undo closed tab to right click menu of the konqueror tabbar is a must too , I use that option a lot now in firefox and we need it too ;-) .
Searching for Number Plates
Below is a list of popular girls names , to check availability on numbers relating to a private name plate please click on the below options .
If the name you are looking for is not listed please try the search box or call us to find something suitable for you .
Speedy Registrations offer some of the best deals and lowest prices in the industry for private number plates .
We also offer a wide variety of personalised plates and helpful ways of finding suitable numbers .
About Speedy Reg
We pride ourselves on our highly competitive prices , matched equally by our professional customer care service .
We have a large selection of private number plates ranging from our cheap dateless Northern Irish plates to personalised prefix and current style numbers and of course the classic dateless plates with two or three digits .
Please click on the link relating to what you are looking for and browse at your leisure .
If you cannot find the private plate you are looking for please call us on 02866 387124 and we will offer you a personal service using over 30 years of experience in the industry to find the private number plate suitable for you .
Please select one of the girl 's names below to check the availability of the car registration plate :
The CPS wants all cases involving anonymous witnesses adjourned New laws on anonymous court witnesses could be proposed within days , the government has promised .
It follows a Law Lords ruling that defendants need to know the identity of those testifying against them - making the use of anonymous witnesses illegal .
In the latest case a £ 6 m trial of two men accused of murder was halted at the Old Bailey , and must be retried .
Senior police officers said the Law Lords ' decision , covering England and Wales , was " potentially disastrous " .
' Difficult balance ' Justice Minister Maria Eagle told the BBC : " We 're looking very urgently at the implications of the judgement .
We are working now ... to look at what we need to do to put this right
Home Secretary Jacqui Smith
Mother defends secret witnesses " There is a difficult balance to strike here , as the Law Lords themselves recognised , between giving witnesses who fear for their safety the confidence to give their evidence , and making sure that innocent people are n't convicted in the courts and that we have the right to a fair trial . "
" We 're considering this matter urgently and hopefully within the next few days we 'll be able to announce the way forward .
" But obviously the issues raised here are very serious . "
The Crown Prosecution Service revealed it was seeking to put on hold all cases relying on anonymous evidence .
A CPS spokesman said : " We 've asked our prosecutors to seek an adjournment in all cases using anonymous witnesses to allow us to assess the implications of the House of Lords judgement in each particular case . "
' Case by case basis ' Reports that the Metropolitan Police had scrapped its anonymous witness programe as a result of the Lords ' ruling were denied however .
A police spokesman said that requests by witnesses to give evidence anonymously were still being considered " case - by - case basis " .
Home Secretary Jacqui Smith said : " I certainly accept , and I said some time ago , that there is a problem here that we need to solve .
" We are working now ... to look at what we need to do to put this right . "
In their ruling last week , the Law Lords argued it has been a fundamental principle of English Law that the accused should be able to see his accusers and challenge them .
They said in their ruling : " No conviction should be based solely or to a decisive extent upon the statements and testimony of anonymous witnesses . "
HAVE YOUR SAY
I find the justice system in this country little more than a farce Andrew , Sidcup Derailed On Tuesday , Judge David Paget said the Old Bailey murder trial had been " derailed " by last week 's ruling .
The case , the first to be affected following the ruling , will be retried in February 2009 .
Four witnesses had given evidence under false names and from behind screens during the two - month trial over the murder of Charles Butler in Dagenham , east London , in 2004 .
Douglas Johnson , 27 , and David Austin , 41 , both of south London , have denied murder .
Several recent , high - profile trials have also used anonymous witness testimony , including those following the murders of schoolboy Michael Dosunmu and care worker Magda Pniewska .
The solicitor for two of the four men found guilty of murdering Birmingham teenagers Charlene Ellis and Letisha Shakespeare in 2003 has said they will also appeal against the convictions , because anonymous witnesses were used .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The U.S. Supreme Court ordered federal regulators Thursday to revisit a decision upholding high - priced electricity contracts that California utilities and others signed amid the chaos and soaring prices of the state ’s 2000 - 01 energy crisis .
The move gives officials from California , Washington and Nevada another chance to convince the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission that the long - term deals should be nullified or renegotiated because the terms were based on electricity prices that were grossly inflated by illegal trading schemes carried out by Enron Corp. and others .
But the chance is a slim one , because the high court ’s 5 - 2 decision asks only that FERC rework its analysis on two points it used to justify its position that no changes are needed in the contracts .
And , judging from the comments of two FERC commissioners following the ruling , a reversal seems unlikely .
FERC ’s refusal to void the contracts years ago stemmed from what the agency called a “ long - standing policy . . . to recognize the sanctity of contracts . ”
The commission held to that position throughout the six - year court battle over the energy contracts and it appears unwilling to change its tune now .
Advertisement
“ The court recognized the importance of contract certainty to both buyers and sellers in competitive wholesale power and gas markets , ” FERC Chairman Joseph Kelliher said in a statement .
“ The court has directed the commission to ‘ amplify or clarify ’ its findings on two specific points , so the commission will have further work to do in reviewing these contracts . ”
A second member of the commission , Philip Moeller , also applauded the court ’s decision , noting that , “ contract uncertainty can have a chilling effect on needed investment in the energy industry and may deter parties from entering into long - term arrangements . ”
Roger Berliner , an attorney who worked on the case for Nevada utility Sierra Pacific Resources , said he was disappointed by the ruling : “ This decision is not a positive decision for consumers . ”
California had hoped to renegotiate a handful of long - term contracts between the state Department of Water Resources and several power providers that are in still in force and were never renegotiated .
Advertisement
The California Public Utilities Commission and state officials believed that crisis - era pacts with San Diego - based Sempra Energy and others were costing consumers an extra $ 1.45 billion to $ 3.08 billion -- an amount they had hoped to return to electricity customers , possibly by reducing or eliminating future charges .
A Washington utility had hoped to get relief from a nine - year power contract with Morgan Stanley Capital Group .
Under that contract , the Snohomish County Public Utility District is paying $ 105 a megawatt - hour , well above the historic norm for the Pacific Northwest of $ 24 a megawatt - hour , but also well under the $ 3,300 a megawatt - hour hit at the peak of the energy crisis that spread beyond California ’s borders , according to the court ’s synopsis .
FERC and the power providers argued that the deals were set based on market prices at the time and that the contracts should stand .
They lost that argument at the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals , which ruled in late 2006 that power deals could be overturned if manipulation skewed market prices , then sought a reversal at the Supreme Court .
In the majority opinion authored by Justice Antonin Scalia , the high court described the utilities ’ objections as a form of “ buyers remorse ” after the crisis was over and did n’t constitute grounds for reversal .
The court said federal regulators should reevaluate the contracts with an eye toward whether the contract costs imposed an “ excessive burden ” on customers and should opine on the merits of allegations that some power providers involved in the contracts engaged in market manipulation that boosted electricity prices .
Advertisement
Two justices dissented and two recused themselves .
Attorney Walter Dellinger , who argued on behalf of Morgan Stanley , said he was “ very gratified ” by the decision .
“ It set aside a lower court opinion which would have destabilized long - term contracts for energy . . . by having those contracts subject to revision whenever market conditions change , ” Dellinger said .
“ The Supreme Court was emphatic that buyers remorse was not a basis for revising contracts . ”
Berliner rejected the comparison to buyers remorse .
Advertisement
“ It was the failure of regulators to protect consumers from market manipulation ” that caused the utilities to overpay for power .
“ I do n’t think the court appreciated the extent to which the dysfunction in the market made it impossible for there to be just and reasonable contracts . ”
California utility regulators nonetheless struck an optimistic tone .
“ We are pleased the Supreme Court agrees that FERC needs to take another look at this case , ” the state Public Utilities Commission said in a statement .
“ We look forward to further proceedings and continuing our challenge to long - term contracts entered into during what FERC itself has described the ‘ worst electricity market crisis in American history ’ in order to obtain financial relief for California electricity consumers . ”
--
elizabeth.douglass@latimes.com
guest post by mikl-em
San Francisco artist Paul Hayes has a new installation at the SF Art Commission Gallery .
Paul ’s work typically involves sheets of paper in mass quantities ( thousands ) crumple - formed into elemental shapes then suspended from thin wire in an open room .
So a swarm of paper airplane corpses takes over , massing into something like an alien - organic body .
Tiny movements persist at the slightest breeze , so the “ body ” is also always alive throughout .
Paul has put up his art in empty storefronts , in warehouses , and in galleries .
This evening Paul gave a great informal talk about the new piece which is called “ Drawing from Another Dimension ” to a small crowd gathered outside the SFAC ’s Window Site gallery .
I shot some short videos and a few pix of the talk .
The piece is up through July 5 .
It ’s a single large installation , positioned in the gallery window on Grove street near the corner of Van Ness ( in Civic Center , right across Grove from City Hall ) .
Here ’s a map .
The good news is you can walk by the window any hour of the day , no gallery hours to worry about .
It really looks magical at night .
Paul ’s installation work has been steadily growing in reputation over the last few years .
His most seen piece is undoubtedly The Thing About Accumulation which was up for over a year at The Exploratorium .
He had a piece up at the late Canvas Gallery for a long time , and more recently at Johansson Projects in Oakland ( props to my pal Anneke for the cool Flickr sets of those pieces ) .
Here ’s
Paul ’s flickr - stream for a look at both his installations and other art work .
See Previously : Liminality : Art on the Threshold
photo by Paul Hayes
LONDON ( AP ) 
The U.S. government has photographic evidence that a Guantanamo Bay inmate was tortured with a knife after being taken to Morocco by U.S. forces , a British human rights group said Tuesday .
Reprieve said their client , Binyam Mohamed , had his genitals slashed repeatedly with a doctor 's scalpel while in custody in Morocco after he was flown there from Pakistan by American officials in 2002 .
It also said his U.S. captors later took pictures of the abuse to show authorities that his wounds were healing .
Mohamed , an Ethiopian national and former British resident , is charged by the United States with plotting with al - Qaeda to bomb American apartment buildings .
Reprieve maintains the charge is based on information coerced from Mohamed using torture .
Reprieve quoted Mohamed as saying that an American female photographed his wounds before he boarded a plane in the Moroccan city of Rabat on the night of Jan. 21 , 2004 .
" When she saw the injuries I had she gasped .
She said : ' Oh , my God , look at that !'
Then all her mates looked at what she was pointing at and I could see the shock and horror in her eyes , " Mohamed was quoted as saying .
" Later , when I was in Afghanistan , they took more pictures .
They were treating me , and one of them explained that the photos were ' to show Washington it 's healing . " '
Reprieve said Mohamed 's account was confirmed by an unidentified journalist it says spoke with a U.S. intelligence agent who saw the photographs .
The group has urged the United States not to destroy them .
Reprieve provides legal aid to many current and former Guantanamo inmates and is a fierce opponent of the military tribunal system set up to prosecute some of the men held there , saying it is designed to cover up U.S. use of torture to secure confessions .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The following text is drawn from the Associated Press report by Jeannine Aversa , “ Fed to Rescue Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac . ”
The plan , unveiled Sunday , is intended to signal the government is prepared to take all necessary steps to prevent the credit market troubles that erupted last year with losses from subprime mortgages from engulfing financial markets .
Yes , what is a government for , if not to save us from the impending disaster that its own policies have produced ?
Thank heavens for the government !
The Fed said it granted the Federal Reserve Bank of New York authority to lend to the two companies “ should such lending prove necessary . ”
They would pay 2.25 percent for any borrowed funds — the same rate given to commercial banks and big Wall Street firms .
We may take it as a given that “ such lending [ will ] prove necessary ” ; otherwise , these frantically fashioned keystone - cops high jinks will serve no purpose .
Note , further , however , that lending at 2.25 percent when the rate of inflation is at least twice that great means that the lender is giving away money .
The real interest rate on such a loan is negative .
Worse , because the Fed itself is the lender , the loan will take the form of newly created money — that is , the loan will be pure inflation , a hidden tax on all assets denominated in dollar units , including dollar balances themselves .
The Fed said this should help the companies ’ ability to “ promote the availability of home mortgage credit during a period of stress in financial markets . ”
Of course , the government always seeks to promote a noble purpose .
And what could be more noble than pulling some leading crony capitalists away from the brink over which their own actions amply warrant their plunging ?
Our saviors protest , however , that the government ’s every action aims only at helping the little guy .
It ’s music to the ears of the booboisie .
Secretary Henry Paulson said the Treasury is seeking expedited authority from Congress to expand its current line of credit to the two companies and make an equity investment in the companies — if needed .
Ah , equity investment !
Now we ’re looking at overt government takeover .
For laggard students , let us define socialism : government ownership and control of the major means of production ( including production of financial services ) .
In a pinch , we can always resort to socialism — after all , we are doing so only in order to save capitalism !
“ Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac play a central role in our housing finance system and must continue to do so in their current form as shareholder - owned companies , ” Paulson said Sunday .
“ Their support for the housing market is particularly important as we work through the current housing correction . ”
Blah , blah , blah .
The Treasury ’s plan also seeks a “ consultative role ” for the Fed in any new regulatory framework eventually decided by Congress for Fannie and Freddie .
The Fed ’s role would be to weigh in on setting capital requirements for the companies .
But Freddie and Fannie are publicly owned corporations ; they are listed on the New York Stock Exchange and regulated by the Office of Federal Housing and Enterprise Oversight .
Hence , they must meet capital requirements determined by recognized accounting standards .
So , why is the Fed being injected where it is not needed ?
( I leave the answer to this question to the student as an exercise . )
Sen . Christopher Dodd , chairman of the Senate Banking Committee , on Monday called the Bush administration ’s actions Sunday “ probably the right steps ” and said he will summon Paulson and Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke to a committee hearing Tuesday to answer questions .
“ What ’s important here as well is to calm people ’s fears , ” Dodd said in an interview on CBS ’ “ The Early Show . ”
Of course , it would n’t do for the people to be afraid , even if the government ’s financial house of cards is threatening to tumble down and crush them .
Next , Dodd will tell us that the only thing we have to fear is fear itself — or has that line been used ?
He also drew a distinction between last week ’s failure of IndyMac — which engaged in originating riskier mortgages than traditional community and regional banks — and the two mortgage giants .
” There ’s a big difference between IndyMac and Fannie and Freddie , ” Dodd said .
“ IndyMac engaged in very bad mortgages , luring people into deals they could never afford .
That ’s not the case with Fannie and Freddie . ”
Dodd said that while there may be more bank failures , “ I ’m more optimistic about Fannie and Freddie than I am about these banks . ”
If Fannie and Freddie never “ engaged in very bad mortgages , ” then why has the stock market awakened to the fact that together they hold or insure more than $ 5 trillion of mortgage paper , a substantial portion of which is more or less worthless .
Were those “ securities ” dropped on them by a monetarist helicopter ?
Or did these government sponsored companies simply wake up one morning and find themselves up to their eyeballs in these ever - so - iffy promises to pay and say to themselves , “ How ’d that happen ? ”
The White House , in a statement , said President Bush directed Paulson to “ immediately work with Congress ” to get the plan enacted .
It also said it believed the steps outlined by Paulson “ will help add stability during this period . ”
Here ’s a general rule for you amateur political economists : whenever the government justifies a policy on the grounds that it must “ stabilize ” something ( e.g. , stabilize the Middle East , stabilize Iraq , stabilize Afghanistan , stabilize the commodity markets , stabilize the financial markets , stabilize the macro economy , etc. ) , immediately conclude that it is up to no good and hold on to your wallet .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nev. , said “ Senate Democrats stand ready to work with the administration to quickly and effectively address the situation currently facing these institutions . ”
But , of course .
Democrats and Republicans in the government belong to the same thieving gang .
House GOP leader John Boehner , R - Ohio , and Republican Whip Roy Blunt , R - Mo. , said they “ stand ready to work with Secretary Paulson and congressional Democrats to take appropriate steps to ensure the soundness of our mortgage markets . ”
But , of course .
Democrats and Republicans in the government belong to the same thieving gang .
Democratic presidential contender Barack Obama said the government ’s main concern should be “ to make sure that home ownership remains attainable and affordable for American families .
Second , any measures should protect taxpayers and not bailout the shareholders and management of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac . ”
Evidently , Obama was absent the day the logic class took up the subject of internal consistency .
Republican rival John McCain believes the measures announced Sunday “ are consistent with the goal of providing support for a path through the current duress toward steps that include regulatory reform , market discipline and mission focus , ” said Douglas Holtz - Eakin , senior policy adviser .
To which the only intelligent reply is , “ say what ” ?
The following is from Uncle John 's All - Purpose Extra Strength Bathroom Reader .
We 've all made mistakes ... but probably not big mistakes like making snot beer , saying no to The Beatles , or turning down the patent for the telephone .
In fact , here are some of the biggest business blunders in history : Turning Down The Beatles SHOULD WE SIGN THEM UP ?
The Beatles on Ed Sullivan Show in 1964 ( Source : Wikipedia ) Executives : Mike Smith and Dick Rowe , executives in charge of evaluating new talent for the London office of Decca Records .
Background : On December 13 , 1961 , Mike Smith traveled to Liverpool to watch a local rock ' n ' roll band perform .
He decided they had talent , and invited them to audition on New Year 's Day 1962 .
The group made the trip to London and spent two hours playing 15 different songs at the Decca studios .
Then they went home and waited for an answer .
They waited for weeks .
Decision : Finally , Rowe told the band 's manager that the label was n't interested , because they sounded too much like a popular group called The Shadows .
In one of the most famous of all rejection lines , he said : " Not to mince words , Mr. Epstein , but we do n't like your boys ' sound .
Groups are out ; four - piece groups with guitars particularly are finished . "
Impact : The group was The Beatles , of course .
They eventually signed with EMI Records , started a trend back to guitar bands , and ultimately became the most popular band of all time .
Ironically , " within two years , EMI 's production facilities became so stretched that Decca helped them out in a reciprocal arrangement , to cope with the unprecedented demand for Beatles records . "
Turning Down E.T. SHOULD WE LET THAT DIRECTOR USE OUR CANDY IN HIS FILM ?
Executives : John and Forrest Mars , the owners of Mars Inc. , makers of M&M's Background :
In 1981 , Universal Studios called Mars and asked for permission to use M&M 's in a new film they were making .
This was ( and is ) a fairly common practice .
Product placement deals provide filmmakers with some extra cash or promotion opportunities .
In this case , the director was looking for a cross-promotion .
He 'd use the M&M's , and Mars could help promote the movie .
Decision : The Mars brothers said " No . " Impact :
The film was E.T. The Extra-Terrestrial , directed by Stephen Spielberg .
The M&M 's were needed for a crucial scene : Eliott , the little boy who befriended the alien , uses candies to lure E.T. into his house .
Instead , Universal Studios went to Hershey 's and cut a deal to use a new product called Reese 's Pieces .
Initial sales of Reese 's Pieces had been light .
But when E.T. became a top - grossing film - generating tremendous publicity for " E.T. 's favorite candy " - sales exploded .
They tripled within two weeks and continued climbing for months afterward .
" It was the biggest marketing coup in history , " says Jack Dowd , the Hershey 's executive who approved the movie tie - in .
" We got immediate recognition for our product .
We would normally have to pay 15 or 20 million bucks for it . "
Selling M*A* S*H For Peanuts HOW DO WE COME UP WITH SOME QUICK CASH ?
Executives : Executives of 20th Century Fox 's TV division ( pre-Murdoch ) Background :
No one at Fox expected much from M * A * S * H when it debuted on TV in 1972 .
Execs simply wanted to make a cheap series by using the M* A * S * H movie set again - so it was a surprise when it became Fox 's only hit show .
Three years later , the company was hard up for cash .
When the M*A*S* H ratings started to slip after two of its stars left , Fox execs panicked .
Decision :
They decided to raise cash by selling the syndication rights to the first seven seasons of M * A * S * H on a futures basis : local TV stations could pay in 1975 for shows they could n't broadcast until October 1979 - four years away .
Fox made no guarantees that the should would still be popular ; $ 13,000 per episodes was non-refundable .
But enough local stations took the deal so that Fox made $ 25 million .
They celebrated ...
Impact : ... but prematurely .
When M*A*S* H finally aired in syndication in 1979 , it was still popular ( in fact , it ranked # 3 that year ) .
It became one of the most successful syndicated shows ever , second only to " I Love Lucy . "
Each of the original 168 episodes grossed over $ 1 million for local TV stations ;
Fox got nothing .
What Use is the Telephone , the Electrical Toy ?
SHOULD WE BUY THIS INVENTION ?
Executive : William Orton , president of the Western Union Telegraph Company in 1876 .
Background :
In 1876 , Western Union had a monopoly on the telegraph , the world 's most advanced communications technology .
This made it one of America 's richest and most powerful companies , " with $ 41 million in capital and the pocketbooks of the financial world behind it . "
So when Gardiner Greene Hubbard , a wealthy Bostonian , approached Orton with an offer to sell the patent for a new invention Hubbard had helped to fund , Orton treated it as a joke .
Hubbard was asking for $ 100,000 !
Decision : Orton bypassed Hubbard and drafted a response directly to the inventor .
" Mr. Bell , " he wrote , " after careful consideration of your invention , while it is a very interesting novelty , we have come to the conclusion that it has no commercial possibilities ...
What use could this company make of an electrical toy ? "
Impact :
The invention , the telephone , would have been perfect for Western Union .
The company had a nationwide network of telegraph wires in place , and the inventor , 29 - year - old Alexander Graham Bell , had shown that his telephone worked quite well on telegraph lines .
All the company had to do was hook telephones up to its existing lines and it would have had the world 's first nationwide telephone network in a matter of months .
Instead ,
Bell kept the patent and in a few decades his telephone company , " renamed American Telephone and Telegraph ( AT&T ) , had become the largest corporation in America ...
The Bell patent - offered to Orton for a measly $ 100,000 - became the single most valuable patent in history . "
Ironically , less than two years of turning Bell down , Orton realized the magnitude of his mistake and spent millions of dollars challenging Bell 's patents while attempting to build his own telephone network ( which he was ultimate forced to hand over to Bell . )
Instead of going down in history as one of the architects of the telephone age , he is instead remember for having made one of the worst decisions in American business history .
Let 's Make Snot Beer !
HOW DO WE COMPETE WITH BUDWEISER ?
Executive : Robert Uihlein , Jr. , head of the Schlitz Brewing Company in Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
Background : in the 1970s , Schlitz was America 's # 2 beer , behind Budweiser .
It had been # 1 until 1957 and has pursued Bud ever since .
In the 1970s , Uihlein came up with a strategy to compete against Anheuser - Busch .
He figured that if he could cut the cost of ingredients used in his beer and speed up the brewing process at the same time , he could brew more beer in the same amount of time for less money ... and earn higher profits .
Decision : Uihlein cut the amount of time it took to brew Schlitz from 40 days to 15 , and replaced much of the barley malt in the beer with corn syrup - which was cheaper .
He also switched from one type of foam stabilizer to another to get around new labeling laws that would have required the original stabilizer to be disclosed on the label .
Impact : Uihlein got what he wanted : a cheaper , more profitable beer that made a lot of money ... at first .
But it tasted terrible , and tended to break down so quickly as the cheap ingredients bonded together and sank to the bottom of the can - forming a substance that " looked disconcertingly like mucus . "
Philip Van Munchings writes in Beer Blast : Suddenly Schlitz found itself shipping out a great deal of apparently snot - ridden beer .
The brewery knew about it pretty quickly and made a command decision - to do nothing ...
Uihlein declined a costly recall for months , wagering that not much of the beer would be subjected to the kinds of temperatures at which most haze forms .
He lost the bet , sales plummeted ... and Schlitz began a long steady slide from the top three .
Schlitz finally caved in and recalled 10 million cans of the snot beer .
But their reputation was ruined and sales never recovered .
In 1981 , they shut down their Milwaukee brewing plant ; the following year the company was purchased by rival Stroh's .
One former mayor of Milwaukee compared the brewery 's fortunes to the sinking of the Titanic , asking " How could that big of a business go under so fast ? "
Model T is Forever !
SHOULD WE INTRODUCE A NEW CAR ?
Ford Model T ( Photo : State Library of Victoria ) Executive : Henry Ford , founder of the Ford Motor Company Background : When Henry Ford first marketed the Model T in 1908 , it was a state - of - the - art automobile .
" There were cheaper cars on the market , " writes Robert Lacey in Ford : The Men and Their Machine , " but no one could offer the same combination of innovation and reliability . "
Over the years , the price went down dramatically ... and as the first truly affordable quality automobile , the Model T revolutionized American culture .
Decision : The Model T was the only car that the Ford Motor Co. made .
As the auto industry grew and competition got stiffer , everyone in the company - from Ford 's employees to his family - pushed him to update the design .
Lacey writes :
The first serious suggestions that the Model T might benefit from some major updating had been made when the car was only four years old .
In 1912 Henry Ford had taken [ his family ] on their first visit to Europe , and on his return he discovered that his [ chief aides ] had prepared a surprise for him .
[ They ] had labored to produce a new , low - slung version of the Model T , and the prototype stood in the middle of the factory floor , its gleaming red lacquer - work polished to a high sheen .
" He had his hands in his pockets , " remembered one eyewitness , " and he walked around the car three or four times , looking at it very closely ...
Finally , he got to the left - hand side of the car that was facing me , and he takes his hands out , gets hold of the door , and bang !
He ripped the door right off !
God !
How the man done it , I do n't know ! "
Ford proceeded to destroy the whole car with his bare hands .
It was a message to everyone around him not to mess with his prize creation .
Lacey concludes : " The Model T had been the making of Henry Ford , lifting him from being any other Detroit automobile maker to becoming car maker to the world .
It had yielded him untold riches and power and pleasure , and it was scarcely surprising that he should feel attached to it .
But as the years went by , it became clear that Henry Ford had developed a fixation with his masterpiece which was almost unhealthy . "
Ford had made his choice clear .
In 1925 , after more than 15 years on the market , the Model T was pretty much the same car it had been when it debuted .
It still had the same noisy , underpowered four - cylinder engine , obsolete " planetary " transmission , and horse - buggy suspension that it had in the very beginning .
Sure , Ford made a few concessions to the changing times , such as balloon tires , an electric starter , and a gas pedal on the floor .
And by the early 1920s , the Model T was available in a variety of colors beyond Ford black .
But the Model T was still ... a Model T. " You can paint up a barn , " one hurting New York Ford dealer complained , " but it will still be a barn and not a parlor . "
Impact : While Ford rested on his laurels for a decade and a half , his competitors continued to innovate .
Four - cylinder engines gave way to more powerful six - cylinder engines with manual clutch - and - gearshift transmissions .
These new cars were powerful enough to travel at high speeds made possible by the country 's new paved highways .
Ford 's " Tin Lizzie , " designed in an era of dirt roads , was not .
Automobile buyers took notice and began trading up ; Ford 's market share slid to 57 % of U.S. automobile sales in 1923 down to 45 % in 1925 , and to 34 % in 1926 , as companies like Dodge and General Motors steadily gained ground .
By the time Ford finally announced , that a replacement for the Model T was in the works in May 1927 , the company had already lost the battle .
That year , Chevrolet sold more cars than Ford for the first time .
Ford regained first place in 1929 thanks to strong sales of its new Model A , but Chevrolet passed it again the following year and never looked back .
" From 1930 onwards , " Robert Lacey writes , " the once - proud Ford Motor Company had to be content with second place . "
MORE BAD BUSINESS DECISIONS ROSS PEROT
In 1979 , Perot employed some of his well - known business acumen and foresaw that Bill Gates was on his way to building Microsoft into a great company .
So he offered to buy him out .
Gates says
Perot offered between $ 6 million and $ 15 million ; Perot says that Gates wanted $ 40 million to $ 60 million .
Whatever the numbers were , the two could n't come to terms , and Perot walked away empty - handed .
Today Microsoft is worth hundreds of billions of dollars .
SAN FRANCISCO CHRONICLE
In 1979 , the Washington Post offered the Chronicle the opportunity to syndicate a series of articles that two reporters named Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein were writing about a break - in at the Democratic headquarters at Washington , D.C. 's Watergate Hotel .
Owner Charles Thieriot said no .
" There will be no West Coast interest in the story , " he explained .
Thus , his rival , the San Francisco Examiner , was able to purchase the rights to the hottest news story of the decade for $ 500 .
W.T. GRANT CO .
Photo : Historic Columbus Indiana
In the mid-1970s , executives at the W.T. Grant variety store chain , one of the nation 's largest retailers , decided that the best way to increase sales was to increase the number of customers ... by offering credit .
It put tremendous " negative incentive " pressure on store managers to issue credit .
Employees who did n't meet their credit quotas risked complete humiliation .
They had pies thrown in their faces , were forced to push peanuts across the floor with their noses , and were sent through hotel lobbies wearing only diapers .
Eager to avoid such total embarrassment , store managers gave credit " to anyone who breathed , " including untold thousands of customers who were bad risks .
W.T. Grant racked up $ 800 million worth of bad debts before it finally collapsed in 1977 .
ABC -TV Cast of The Cosby Show ( source : Wikipedia )
In 1984 , Bill Cosby gave ABC - TV first shot at buying a sitcom he'd created - and would star in - about an upscale black family .
But ABC turned him down , apparently " believing the show lacked bite and that viewers would n't watch an unrealistic portrayal of blacks as wealthy , well - educated professionals . "
So Cosby sold his show to NBC instead .
What happened ?
Nothing much - The Cosby Show remained # 1 show for four straight years , was a rating winner throughout its eight - year run , lifted NBC from its 10 - year status as a last - place network to first place , resurrected TV comedy , and became the most profitable series ever broadcast .
DIGITAL RESEARCH IBM once hired Microsoft founder Bill Gates to come up with the operating software for a new computer that IBM was rushing to market ... and Gates turned to a company called Digital Research .
He set up a meeting between owner Gary Kildall and IBM ... but Kildall could n't make the meeting and sent his wife , Dorothy McEwen , instead .
McEwen , who handled contract negotiations for Digital Research , felt that the contract IBM was offering would allow the company to incorporate features from Digital 's software into its own proprietary software - which would then compete against Digital .
So she turned the contract down .
Bill Gates went elsewhere , eventually coming up with a program called DOS , the software that put Microsoft on the map .
Sherrie Floyd says she was able to handle the first reset on the $ 505,000 mortgage she had taken out to refinance her Vallejo , Calif . , home .
And the second .
But this month , when the mortgage reset for the third time -- driving her monthly payment to more than $ 4,300 on a home worth about $ 470,000 -- she told the judge overseeing her and her husband ’s bankruptcy case that they would have to abandon the place unless their lender agreed to modify their loan .
That does n’t appear likely .
“ We applied four times for a loan modification , ” said Floyd , 44 , who has a clerical job with the Kaiser Foundation .
“ They told me there was nothing they could think of that we could afford . ”
Advertisement
The Floyds might have been helped by a congressional proposal to allow bankruptcy judges to approve modifications of home mortgages to stave off foreclosure .
But that measure has been derailed amid fierce opposition from lenders , and even supporters concede that it is unlikely to win approval this year .
The Mortgage Bankers Assn. , which spearheaded the Capitol Hill campaign , claimed that the bankruptcy measure would drive up the costs of all new residential mortgages by as much as 2 percentage points .
That would be a major hit : A change from 6 % to 8 % on a $ 300,000 30 - year fixed - rate mortgage would raise the payment by $ 402 a month , or nearly $ 5,000 a year .
But that claim has come under fire by critics who say the MBA cherry - picked data to paint a bleak picture of sharply higher mortgage rates .
The association also misquoted a study by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office in a way that made it seem that the CBO supported its position against the bill .
In “ talking points ” posted on its website , the MBA cited a finding in January by the CBO that the consequence of the bankruptcy proposal “ would be higher mortgage interest rates . ”
Advertisement
In fact , the CBO analysis states that there “ could be ” higher rates , and qualifies that even further by noting that the size of any increase “ is difficult to predict and could depend on the exact change in policy . ”
The MBA removed the document with the misquotation from its website after it was questioned by The Times , and later posted a corrected version .
CBO Director Peter Orszag later told Rep. Brad Miller ( D - N.C. ) , one of the bill ’s sponsors , that amending the bill to restrict it to existing mortgages only -- a change that was subsequently made -- “ would attenuate any possible effect on mortgage rates . ”
A recent study by two academics , Adam Levitin of Georgetown Law School and Joshua Goodman of Columbia University , suggests that the MBA ’s figures on interest rates inflated the threat .
Advertisement
The researchers found there was virtually no difference in rates quoted by a sample of leading mortgage lenders for single - family houses and vacation homes and multifamily dwellings -- even though mortgages on the latter two can be modified in bankruptcy .
The only consistent discrepancy they found was between the rates charged on single - family homes and investment properties .
But investment properties , Levitin notes , contain other risks , including the greater likelihood that investors will walk away from properties whose values fall below their loan balances , that would explain the difference .
Levitin says the findings show that there ’s no reason to think mortgage lenders would take the threat of bankruptcy into consideration when setting loan terms for primary residences .
Lawmakers have also modified their proposal so that it would apply only to sub-prime and other risky mortgages issued from Jan. 1 , 2000 , to the date of enactment -- further limiting its effect on the overall market .
“ I do n’t know how much more narrowly you can draw the provision , ” said Alan M. White , a bankruptcy specialist at Valparaiso University School of Law .
“ It ’s really aimed at people who want to pay their mortgages . ”
Advertisement
Francis Creighton of the MBA contends that even a limited change in bankruptcy law now would open the door to further modifications , undermining lenders ’ confidence in the reliability of their loans and driving up rates to compensate .
That argument became one of the key talking points for opponents to the proposal .
“ This will put up barriers -- maybe unintended barriers , but real barriers , the experts tell us -- to the American dream of owning a home , ” Sen . Charles E. Grassley ( R - Iowa ) said this month during Senate debate on a housing stimulus package .
Mark S. Scarberry , a bankruptcy expert at Pepperdine Law School , said , “ To allow a mortgage holder to force modification on a lender is a whole new wrinkle . ”
Advertisement
Scarberry says the costs for lenders might be moderated if the proposals required the modified mortgage to be revalued after five years , and written up to a higher market price if the home has appreciated in that period .
That way , he said , “ the lender would have some upside . ”
Sponsored by Sen. Richard J. Durbin ( D - Ill. ) and Rep. Miller , the bankruptcy measure has been the most contentious of the numerous proposals before Congress to address the nation ’s housing slump and the credit crisis , which originated in a collapse in the market for sub - prime mortgage loans .
Critics contend that thus far congressional proposals for housing market relief tilt sharply in favor of aid to lenders , bankers and even unprofitable home builders .
The latter would receive a multibillion - dollar tax break from a provision in the Senate bill allowing them to reclaim federal taxes paid during profitable years dating back to 2004 .
The proposal before Congress would allow bankruptcy judges for the first time to modify single - family home mortgages when the appraised value of the home has fallen below the principal balance of the loan .
Advertisement
The excess principal would be declared an unsecured debt -- the category that typically receives the lowest payout in bankruptcy .
The remaining balance could be modified by a judge ’s order to give the homeowner a better chance of keeping up with payments , but the change would have to assure the lender of receiving the full present value of the remaining loan over time .
The proposal would apply to borrowers in Chapter 13 , the bankruptcy provision for persons seeking to reorganize their personal debts .
In most cases , Chapter 13 requires debtors to pay off their secured debts over three to five years ; the proposals in Congress would grant an exception for modified mortgages , which could still extend well beyond that limit .
Although some lenders have offered to work out voluntary modifications with strapped borrowers , subject to strict conditions , “ there are a lot of structural barriers to loan modifications , and a voluntary system does n’t do enough to affect them , ” said Kurt Eggert , a law professor at Chapman University who studies mortgage issues .
Shifting the authority to bankruptcy judges might encourage loan servicers to make modifications by giving each deal the imprimatur of a federal court .
Advertisement
Some supporters contend that the proposal rectifies a glaring inequality in bankruptcy law : Currently , judges can approve modifications on loans secured by “ factories , grocery stores , farms , boats , motor vehicles , mobile homes and investment property , ” as one bankruptcy judge supporting the change observed in a letter to Rep. Linda T. Sanchez ( D - Lakewood ) , a cosponsor of Miller ’s bill .
In other words , just about everything but a principal residence .
Floyd says she ’s become well aware of that while waiting long hours in bankruptcy court for her case to be called .
“ I ’ve seen the judges change people ’s car notes , ” she said .
“ If they could just freeze my rate , I could pay my note . ”
Advertisement
--
michael.hiltzik@latimes.com
By Matt McGrath
BBC science correspondent
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A Nobel Prize - winning scientist has hit out at what he terms the " moral corruption " of the medical industry .
Britain 's Sir John Sulston says that profits are taking precedence over the needs of patients , particularly in the developing world .
He was speaking at the launch of a new research institute into science , ethics and innovation .
Sir John shared the 2002 Nobel Prize for medicine for his work on the genetics controlling cell division .
He is well known for his commitment to public medicine and his opposition to the privatisation of scientific information .
Eight years ago he led the fight to keep the data being derived from the Human Genome Project open and free to any scientist who wanted to use it .
' Fair access '
He says there is now great concern among researchers about private companies patenting genes and genetic tests .
He is also concerned about the misuse of information , and what he terms " disease mongering " .
He is taking these concerns over the direction that science and medicine are going in , onto a broader stage .
Sir John is to be the chairman of a new UK - based institute that will research the ethical questions raised by science and innovation .
He wants the group to try to provide ground rules and guidance on issues such as the patenting of genes , and how people in developing countries have fair access to medicines .
Sir John believes that our current systems place the needs of shareholders ahead of the needs of patients .
Treaty requirement The Nobel Laureate told the BBC : " Some people would say it is not corrupt because it is not illegal , and that is true ; but I consider that advertising a medicine that does n't make clear any disadvantages of the medicine , or , in fact , the fact that most people do n't need this particular medicine - I would cite , for example , anti-depressants which are hugely oversold , especially in America .
This is the sort of thing I mean by corruption .
It 's not legal corruption ; it 's moral corruption . "
According to Sir John , the world is at a crisis point in terms of getting medicines to sick people , particularly in the developing world .
He says that the world needs an international biomedical treaty to iron out issues over patents and intellectual property .
Sir John is setting up the Institute for Science , Ethics and Innovation with the bioethicist John Harris .
The institute is staging a one - day conference on Saturday called Who Owns Science ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Monday , 21 Jul , 2008 Health & Fitness
According to Japanese sources the country 's government banned the use of in vitro fertilization practices for couples , where both partners are infected with HIV virus .
Sources familiar with the matter told the Yomiuri Shimbun newspaper that though the ethics committees earlier allowed the Ogikubo Hospital , located in Tokyo , to perform in vitro fertilization for the couples with HIV , the Health , Labor and Welfare Ministry of Japan decided to take specific measures for blocking the procedure .
In vitro fertilization ban is a rare move .
The Japanese ministry panel , which studies the ethical issues involved , plans a public hearing on July 28 , where it will discuss the rules for future in vitro fertilization and whether the procedure should be approved .
Hideji Hanabusa , the Vice President of the Ogikubo Hospital , claims that the hospital 's staff was able to develop a method that can remove the AIDS virus from sperm .
In addition he stated that together with his colleagues he was successful in performing in vitro fertilization in couples where only husbands had HIV .
According to the newspaper , the procedure allowed 65 babies to be born completely healthy and their mothers were HIV - free as well .
Source : UPI.com
Powered by www.infoniac.com
A socialist answer to the global rise in gas prices
the Editorial Board
5 July 2008
The sharp rise in gasoline prices in recent months has imposed enormous burdens on working people in the United States and internationally .
With prices at the pumps averaging over $ 4 a gallon in the US and well on their way to $ 5 or even higher this summer , working families — already burdened by rising food , housing , medical and other costs — are experiencing a drastic cut in their living standards .
Due to the sprawling character of American metropolitan areas , the long distances from home to work and a general lack of investment in public transit alternatives , working people in the US are more dependent on their cars than many of their counterparts in developed countries .
This has made the population even more vulnerable to the rise in gas prices , which have shot up 38 percent since last July .
According to an Associated Press / Yahoo
News poll , nine out of ten respondents expect to be financially squeezed over the next six months due to rising fuel prices , with nearly half saying it could cause severe hardship .
The increases in the cost of natural gas - based fertilizers and transportation have contributed to the sharp rise in food prices .
Diesel prices have driven independent truckers into near - bankruptcy , while the auto and airline industries have carried out mass layoffs due to rising fuel prices .
The conditions in the US are part of an international phenomenon .
Protests by truckers , farmers and fisherman facing ruin from rising fuel costs are spreading across Spain , France , Italy , Britain and other European countries .
Anger has also erupted in Asia , with strikes and demonstrations in Hong Kong , India , Nepal , Indonesia and South Korea .
There are several factors contributing to the current spike in oil prices , which have risen from $ 25 a barrel in 2003 to over $ 140 today — more than doubling in the last year alone .
One major factor is the declining value of the US dollar , which has led oil - producing nations to raise prices to compensate for the falling value of the dollar - denominated payments they receive .
The wars and occupations in Iraq and Afghanistan , growing US threats against Iran and geo-political tensions in the Middle East , Africa , Russia and other oil producing regions have also generated fears of sudden supply disruptions .
On top of this there is a growing consensus that world petroleum resources are dwindling and cannot keep up with global demand , particularly from the fast - rising economies in China and India .
At the heart of the crisis is the breakdown of the global economic system .
For decades , politicians , corporate leaders and the media have subjected the world ’s people to the self - serving claim that the capitalist market is the most rational means of allocating society ’s resources .
What is now being revealed is the basic conflict between the needs of a modern mass society and the anarchy of the profit system .
It is impossible to ascertain any truthful estimates of remaining global supplies , because the oil producing countries and energy conglomerates have vested interests in concealing their “ business secrets ” from the people .
Entrenched corporate and political opposition has also largely squelched large - scale development of environmentally safe and sustainable alternatives , although the technology has existed , in some cases , for decades .
Supposed solutions produced within the framework of the capitalist system have only worsened the crisis .
The development of bio-fuels is a case in point .
Even if one were to accept the widely disputed claims that bio-fuels are a means of reducing carbon emissions , their production has only led to a massive increase in the price of corn and other crops , wreaking havoc throughout the world .
The entire project has been tied to the interests of agri-business monopolies , such as ADM and Cargill , which have an overriding concern , not in ending global warming , but boosting their bottom lines .
The rational use of remaining petroleum resources and the development of genuine alternatives require an unprecedented level of international cooperation and the marshalling of the world ’s technological , material and human resources .
This is not possible as long as capitalism divides the globe into competing nation states , each vying for advantage over the other .
The mad scramble to control the world ’s remaining oil supplies has led to a violent struggle , in which the bloody US invasion and occupation of Iraq is but one episode .
All of the major powers — from the US , to China , Europe , and Japan — are vying for control of the Middle East , the Caspian region , the Arctic and Antarctica and even the sea-beds of the world ’s oceans .
The struggle for resources is once again threatening the world with the eruption of a new round of imperialist wars , which could threaten the very survival of humanity .
Another major aspect in the rise of global oil prices is the speculative frenzy that has erupted on the New York Mercantile Exchange and other commodity markets .
The growing global financial instability of the last five years — the plunging dollar , the bursting of the dot - com stock market boom , the collapse of the sub - prime mortgage and housing bubble , etc — has led wealthy investors to shift their money into the commodity market , where they have engaged in the buying and selling of futures in oil , corn and gold , essentially betting on the continuing rise of prices .
With little regulation from the US government ’s Commodity Futures Trading Commission ( CFTC ) , investors increased their purchases of commodity futures twenty - fold over the last five years , from $ 13 billion in 2003 to $ 290 billion in 2008 .
This speculative flow has now created yet another bubble , with the prices of the top 25 commodities rising nearly 200 percent during the same period .
In most cases the speculators never take delivery of the oil they purchased .
Instead , they are engaged in an elaborate scheme of trading contracts — with very little money down — whose cumulative impact is to drive up prices and guarantee huge returns for hedge funds , institutional investors and others .
By some estimates , speculation has added as much as $ 50 to the current price of a barrel of oil .
Signaling the Bush administration ’s support for such profiteering , US Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson told CNN June 10 , “ I do n’t believe financial investors are responsible to any significant degree to this price movement .
This is supply and demand . ”
Such comments only underscore the subservience of the American political system to the financial aristocracy .
The capitalist market is not an impartial arbiter of economic relations .
It can and has been manipulated by the most powerful corporate and financial interests in order to serve their profit interests .
Last year British Petroleum agreed to pay $ 373 million to end a US Justice Department investigation into price - fixing by BP in the heating oil market , while Enron ’s manipulation of the electricity supplies , including the deliberate provoking of rolling blackouts in California , is infamous .
In the case of the oil bubble , hedge funds and major finance houses , such as Goldman Sachs , Morgan Stanley and JP Morgan , have reaped up to 200 percent returns on their investments .
Kenneth Griffin , head of energy trader Citadel Investment Group , made $ 1.5 billion in 2007 .
Steven Cohen of SAC Capital Advisors made $ 900 million .
In addition the rise in prices has produced a windfall for Big Oil , with ExxonMobil , Chevron and the other top five corporations raking in $ 36 billion in profits during the first quarter of this year and rewarding their corporate CEOs with multi-million - dollar pay packages .
Just like every other social problem confronting working people — from home foreclosures , to the massive loss of jobs , the growth of social inequality and the danger of war — capitalist political parties around the world have no solution for the staggering rise in fuel prices , whether they call themselves , conservative , labor , Green or socialist .
Instead , they all agree working people must accept a massive reduction in consumption to pay for the crisis of the world capitalist system .
In the US neither the Republican nor the Democratic candidate for president has anything to offer .
John McCain has called for a $ 300 million reward for the design of an electrical car , the suspension of the 18 - cent federal gas tax for the summer months and lifting environmental restrictions on offshore drilling .
McCain ’s top advisors , including campaign co-chair Phil Gramm , a former senator from Texas , are responsible for the deregulation of energy trading pushed by Enron that paved the way for the current explosion of speculation .
In an effort to pose as a populist opponent of the oil companies and speculators , Barack Obama has called for energy corporations to pay a windfall profit tax and for the closing of the so - called “ Enron Loophole . ”
This will go nowhere , however , since large sections of Democrats , particularly from oil states , oppose any tax on the energy conglomerates , and Wall Street — which has thrown the bulk of its money behind the Obama campaign — opposes any serious regulation on speculation .
Obama himself has close ties to the bio-fuel industry and counts among his top advisors a former lobbyist from the American Petroleum Institute and ex-officials in the Clinton administration officials who played key roles in deregulating the financial markets .
In order to win the approval of his corporate and financial paymasters , Obama has repeatedly insisted he will take no measures that undermine their profit interests .
The Democratic candidate ’s web site declares , “ Barack Obama recognizes that it is critical that oil companies and shareholders have strong incentives to run well managed businesses that invest in efficiency and innovation . ”
Far from creating efficiency and innovation , the profit system now threatens tens of millions of people around the globe with hunger and malnutrition and rising costs for fuel .
Workers are not responsible for the crisis of the capitalist system and should not pay for it .
Emergency measures must be taken to defend the living standards of working people .
These should include the implementation of a sliding scale of wages , which would protect the purchasing power of workers ’ wages by automatically raising them to compensate for rising prices .
Decades ago , unions such as the United Auto Workers fought for and attained Cost of Living Adjustments ( COLA ) or Escalator Clauses that automatically increased wages in accordance with the rise in living expenses .
The unions long ago abandoned such demands and today are demanding that workers accept huge pay cuts in order to defend the profitability of the corporations .
They insist , along with the capitalist parties , that workers adjust to rising prices by tightening their belts and accepting a permanent reduction in their living standards .
The Socialist Equality Party calls for a sliding scale of wages and other emergency measures to provide relief from crushing fuel costs .
These include :
* The launching of investigations into the practices of the energy conglomerates and speculators , along with those the government agencies that have sanctioned the looting of society .
* The expropriation of the ill - gotten gains of the commodity investors and corporate CEOs and their deposit into a publicly controlled fund to provide relief to the public .
These immediate measures , can be fought for and won only through the emergence of a new mass political movement of the working class in opposition to the profit system .
They are , however , only a first step .
What is needed is a fundamental reorganization of the energy industry and the financial system in the US and around the world , which places the needs of society first , not capitalist profit .
In order to break the stranglehold of the energy conglomerates ExxonMobil , Chevron , ConocoPhillips , British Petroleum , Shell and the other multinational corporations must be converted into publicly - owned and democratically - controlled utilities , as part of the establishment of planned socialist economy .
The vast energy resources of the Middle East and other oil producing countries — which are now held in the hands of the Saudi royal family and other elites , whose rule are in many cases defended by US force of arms — must be placed under the democratic control of the working people of those countries .
In this way , the exploration , development and use of energy supplies can be guided by a rational international plan that is publicly debated and democratically approved by the working class , based on a fair and equitable distribution to meet the needs of the entire world ’s population .
At the same time vast resources must be allocated to develop low - cost , renewable and environmentally safe energy .
The decades - long effort by the energy monopolies , the auto industry and government in the US to prevent the development of reliable public transportation must be answered by pouring hundreds of billions of dollars into urban mass transit and light - rail systems , as well as the development of fuel - efficient vehicles .
This is crucial , not just for the US , but India and China , where the rapidly expanding use of fossil - fuel burning vehicles threatens to produce an ecological disaster .
The problems facing humanity are not primarily due to the lack of resources but the irrational character of the capitalist system , which squanders vast amounts of human labor and creative potential in order to enrich an already fabulously wealthy elite .
The world ’s productive and natural resources must be freed from the constraints of capitalist private ownership and the nation state system and marshaled in a scientifically planned , rational and democratic fashion to meet the challenges of the 21st century .
The fight for this requires a struggle against the world ’s governments , which represent the corporate and financial elite , not ordinary people .
In the US , this means a political break with the Democratic Party and the building of a new political party of the working class based on a socialist and internationalist program .
This is the perspective fought for by the Socialist Equality Party in the US and its sister parties throughout the world .
If Luke had worn these on the Death Star , Leia would have never said he was too short to be a stormtrooper .
And then she would have smacked his sorry peasant ass to grab them .
And maybe George Lucas would have never decided to produce the prequels after that .
And the world would have been a much , much better place .
But I digress .
The question here is - and I 'm asking you - how the heck can you convince your sexual partner to wear these and the rest of the uniform ?
Advertisement
Storm Trooper Stripper ( OK , Prostitute ) I see your schwartz is as big as mine .
[ kontraband ]
Read more
Advertisement
Gawker Media polls require Javascript ; if you 're viewing this in an RSS reader , click through to view in your Javascript - enabled web browser .
[ Style Bubble ]
By Alan Connor
BBC News Magazine
Most fatal stabbings involve a weapon that is easy to obtain and sharp with it - a kitchen knife .
Would stopping the sale of long blades with sharp points help save lives ?
What would reduce the number of fatal stabbings ?
England and Wales ' Chief Inspector of Probation Andrew Bridges has warned against " spectacular innovations " and wants the debate to focus on " mundane truths " .
One idea , first proposed in 2005 , is a response to a grisly mundane truth expressed by Met chief Ian Blair this week - that " the most common knife involved in these deaths is a knife from a kitchen " .
The proposal came from three emergency medicine specialists , and it's a simple one : getting rid of the points on the ends of longer kitchen knives .
Drs Emma Hern , Will Glazebrook and Mike Beckett wrote an editorial in the British Medical Journal , suggesting that since " many assaults are impulsive " , government action could " drastically reduce the availability " of a " potentially lethal weapon " .
So what would the effect have been if , in 2003 , the government had persuaded knife manufacturers to offer a greater range of styles , with the pointed - end , long - blade design no longer the default ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Dr Beckett puts it simply : if long pointed knives had become less available , we would have seen fewer deaths from knife injuries .
Of course , there would have been other effects .
Other readers of the BMJ were quick to list dishes which need a pointed knife during preparation : butterflying a leg of lamb , carving a forerib of beef , and so on .
The self - styled maverick American chef Anthony Bourdain went further , saying that for chefs , knives " are extensions of our arms , and in many ways , our personalities " , adding " where there is no risk , there is no pleasure " .
Tools of trade
However , the idea of pointed knives disappearing completely is not a plausible one - still less the image of policemen requiring every law - abiding home cook to hand over their beloved kitchenware .
For everyday cooking , a square - end or blunt - ended knife is OK
Anthony Worrall Thompson
In their original article , the doctors argue that most preparation can be done using a combination of a " blunt , round nose " knife and another which , although sharp , is also short enough ( under 5 cm ) to render it less likely to be lethal if used as a weapon .
TV chef Anthony Worrall Thompson agrees , observing that in the Far East , pointed knives are used very rarely and that " for everyday cooking , a square - end or blunt - ended knife is OK " .
However , objections to the doctors ' proposal have not just been culinary .
A common response has been to point out that inflicting a knife injury is already illegal , and that government effort would be better expended on enforcing existing laws .
This is unsurprising , since the initial article explicitly called for " banning the sale of long pointed knives " - and a call for a ban rarely does more than add another item to the " call to ban ... " list .
I would suggest the much more basic but practical response is capital punishment
Conservative MP Roger Gale Calls for bans are also rarely watertight solutions .
So while Mothers Against Knives are pro-ban , they are in the minority .
West Yorkshire police chief Tom McGhie says it would be " probably impractical and unenforceable in practice " .
And MP Roger
Gale says that if long pointed knives were banned , " then a panoply of carpenters ' and plumbers ' ' weapons ' , such as hammers and screwdrivers , will have to be taken out of circulation " .
Reduce opportunity Dr Beckett denies that this analogy holds , and says that long pointed knives will not always be replaced by similarly fatal weapons .
He cites an unintended effect of the switch from coal gas to non-toxic North Sea gas : fewer suicides .
KNIFE LAW
Law prohibits possession of knives in public without good reason or lawful authority Except folding pocket knife with blade no more than three inches Individual has to demonstrate good reason for possession in public place eg sporting purposes , part of a profession " People said , 'oh , if you want to commit suicide , you will find a way . '
But it did reduce the rate . "
Another unintended reduction in suicide rates has been associated with the introduction of catalytic converters to car .
And another drop in suicides came , this time intentional , following the reduction in the quantities in which paracetemol can be bought .
Today , Dr Beckett talks about a change in kitchen culture rather than solely about a ban - and that may be the more intriguing possibility .
It remains a grim picture - the doctors would prefer to deal with non-fatal attacks from cleavers or short pointed knives rather than fatal stabbings .
It 's nowhere near a complete solution to the complex problem of knife crime - but neither is it meant to be .
Why people carry knives and how they are prosecuted remain different questions .
' THE IDEAL WEAPON '
A short thin - bladed knife , with a stiff blade , about 7 cm in length - many lock knives and small sheath knives fall into this group .
Larger knives ( ornamental daggers , militaria ) require far greater force
Stab Wound Dynamics , Journal Forensic Science Society Rather , says Dr Beckett , it 's a possibility for design to help save lives .
" Car manufacturers constantly refine their product to make them less likely to cause harm .
Razor blades have been redesigned so as not to slit your throat .
" Kitchen knives could be redesigned so that they retain their cooking function , but are not lethal .
But as it stands , you can go into a supermarket and buy for £ 10 something that 's a murder weapon - no questions asked . "
Send us your comments using the form below .
How utterly ridiculous - the user is the criminal , not the knife .
There was a piece of research recently which suggested that more lethal damage is done by kicking than anything else .
What next , are we to have our feet amputated ?
Veronica , Cardiff
What we need is the presence of more law enforcement .
We need more police , more stop and search .
If you have the law but no enforcers , what is the point of having it anyway ?
Even if only blunt knives are allowed , how about a sharpened pencil ?
A long nail , they all can cause damage .
Colin , London
The real issue that needs to be addressed by our society , is why a proportion of today 's youths feel so unhappy , frustrated and full of malice that they feel the urge to carry knives with the intent to harm and kill .
With this level of hatred and desire to inflict injury on another human being ( often without a second thought or reason ) , changing the design of all kitchen knives would be nothing more than a minor inconvenience .
Dave , Essex
If anything , it is a great concept for knife manufacturers to look into .
If someone could create a " safe " set of kitchen utensils , what parent wouldnt want them ?
Ultimately , to ban all " pointy things " would be impossible and downright stupid .
This is only a band - aid solution and will not solve the problem .
Can you imagine the cost involved of replacing every long pointed knife ?
Who will pay for this ?
I am not going to give in my expensive kitchen knife for some stunted knock - off .
This would be a logistical nightmare !
Cameron , London I remember as a child being able to buy plastic commando style knives that had points , but when pressed against anything , the blade retracted into the handle .
Yet they could be used in a cutting or slashing style without the retraction of the blade - maybe this could be an idea used in household knives ?
Ian , Preston , Lancashire A couple of years ago , the City Council here in Glasgow proposed to introduce a ban on glasses in pubs , clubs and other venues in the city , as some people use glasses as weapons in a fight .
This would have meant that anyone who wanted a glass of wine in a restaurant or a pint in a bar would have to drink from a plastic tumbler .
Understandably , there was an outcry over this , further exacerbated when a police representative suggested that " no - one needs those big chef knives " and that they should be banned too ( after all , no - one cooks their food from scratch , right ? ) .
Thankfully , common sense prevailed , and the council opted not to treat us like toddlers .
A , Glasgow Coming from a mixed Chinese / Western household I can tell you that a blade missing the tip ( traditional Chinese knives generally do n't have tips ) wo n't make a difference .
It would at best lead to a change in knifing tactics , from stabbing to hacking .
Anyone who has witnessed gang violence in China using Chinese knives can tell you they 're just as lethal .
When are we going to face the real issues and hold the parents responsible for ( not ) educating their children ?
Michael , Glasgow
Or we could address the ACTUAL cause of knife crime : poverty and lack of education .
Blunting the end of my kitchen knives is a sticking plaster at best .
Let 's focus on keeping kids in schools , helping them form career goals , and giving them constructive activities after school .
This will not only cut down on knife crime , it will reduce theft , Asbos , drug us ( and its associated crime ) , and a host of other destructive behaviours .
Stephanie , Bristol Ridiculous .
My favourite all - purpose knife is a 7 " chef 's knife .
The point is useful for all manner of operations in the kitchen .
Having to swap blades all the time for piercing operations would be both inconvenient and more likely to result in a dropped blade injuring me .
I 've used a similar blade where the point had been chipped off in an injudicious attempt to separate frozen things and it was plain awkward .
Tools that are awkward to use are dangerous .
A recent story on this site recounted the lethal use of a 4 " blade by a random stabber .
There is a massive reservoir of existing cutlery with points , would this have to be handed in and melted / ground down ?
Russ , Leicester I think it 's an excellent idea .
The impact will be gradual but worthwhile .
Kev , Kilmarnock
OK , so it might help in a small number of domestic " heat of the moment " instances , assuming that the perpetrator had replaced their existing knives with redesigned " blunt " versions ( this is , in itself a longshot ) .
But seriously , does anyone expect this to have an impact on those who carry knives on the street ?
Joe Cole , Oxford
And after we 've modified all kitchen knives ( even though someone could still just file them down if they wanted ) , what then ?
Ban screwdrivers and paint scrapers ?
Ban nail guns and garden hoes ?
And how would you stop people using broken glass ?
If people want a weapon they will find one .
Why inconvenience everyone else ?
Abi , Nottingham
It would be good practice for manufacturers to provide less lethal knives , as I often wonder when using my own knives at home , how dangerous they can be .
However I 'm opposed to banning knives , just like the ban on guns , as the people likely to use them will still find ways to obtain them , or something else just as dangerous .
The whole crux of this issue lies with human rights , and the right for life , and a society that seems unable to develop some children into thoughtful adults .
Nick , Swindon
This is not about knives , this is about drug - related crime by gangsters .
I have seen a youth who lives nearby threatening others with a golf club .
There is no golf course within a seven - mile radius .
Shall we ban golf , or ask golfers to use less dangerous clubs ?
Snooker , darts , baseball ... where will it end ?
This is a social problem .
Get tough on drug dealing and watch the number of murders decline .
Allan Dickhart , Basingstoke
The real problem lies with the attitude of the individuals who carry knives and those who cover up their crimes .
This is what should be dealt with , knives are harmless except when in the wrong hands .
Nicola Ragon , Brentwood , Essex , UK Pointed knives have been around ever since the first caveman banged two pieces of flint together .
Maybe we should concentrate on why they have suddenly become a threat to society rather than trying to remove them .
Deal with the problem not the symptoms .
M Randall , Wakefield , UK A ban is unworkable but maybe persuading manufacturers to make new knives safer is a good idea and will ultimately mean fewer lethal knives are available .
We do n't need a point on most knives so why have one ?
There will always be a way of killing someone and it is culture that must change .
But a simple change to the design of most knives seems sensible , practical , as well as sending a message without being a total cop-out to modern health and safety paranoia .
Simon Tutton , Wakefield Simply treating the problem superficially by removing tips , or making knives harder to buy will make no difference .
Knives do not kill people by design and they are pretty useful to have around for the kitchen .
As with all weapons - it 's the intention that kills , not the object .
You could kill someone with a sharpened pencil or a plastic bag if you really had the urge .
Tim , London
If parents took more responsibility regarding where their kitchen knives are , this would n't be a problem .
I mean , WHO does n't notice when a kitchen knife goes missing ?
Will Cole , London Name
Your e-mail address
Town / city and country
Your comment
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
From Heiner ;
" On July 10 , 2008 Loose Change [ 2nd Edition ] was aired in Norway on TV 2 ... TV 2 is Norway 's largest commercial television station . "
http://www.911truth.no/2008/07/tv2-viser-loose-change-2/#comment-68
http://www.tv2.no/
Lawyer says Reiser is odd , not a killer OAKLAND Attorney says defendant strange as a platypus , but is not his wife 's murderer
###Live Caption : Hans Reiser ###Caption History : Photo of Hans Reiser Ran on : 01-23-2008 Nina Reiser Ran on : 01-23-2008 Nina Reiser Ran on : 01-23-2008 Nina Reiser Ran on : 01-23-2008 Ran on : 02-15-2008 Nina Reiser Ran on : 02-15-2008 Ran on : 02-15-2008 Nina Reiser Ran on : 02-15-2008 Ran on : 02-26-2008 Nina Reiser Ran on : 02-27-2008
Hans Reiser was called an erudite person who &quo ; generally thinks through things .&quo ; Ran on : 02-27-2008 Ran on : 02-29-2008 Hans Reiser Ran on : 02-29-2008 Ran on : 02-29-2008 Ran on : 02-29-2008 Hans Reiser Ran on : 02-29-2008 Hans Reiser Ran on : 03-19-2008 Hans Reiser Ran on : 03-19-2008 Hans Reiser Ran on : 03-19-2008 Nina Reiser ###Notes : ###Special Instructions : less ###Live Caption : Hans Reiser###Caption History : Photo of Hans Reiser Ran on : 01-23-2008 Nina Reiser Ran on : 01-23-2008 Nina Reiser Ran on : 01-23-2008 Nina Reiser Ran on : 01-23-2008 Ran on : 02-15-2008 Nina ... more Photo : Handout Photo : Handout Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Lawyer says Reiser is odd , not a killer 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Computer programmer Hans Reiser is like a duck - billed platypus , odd and unattractive - but that does n't mean he murdered his estranged wife , his attorney told jurors Wednesday .
Reiser " has to be one of the least attractive people , " said William Du Bois , who likened his client to the unusual mammal and held up a stuffed - animal platypus on several occasions during his closing arguments Wednesday .
" And she is a doll , " he said , referring to Nina Reiser .
The jury must decide whether the circumstantial case against Hans Reiser has been proved beyond a reasonable doubt and ensure than even a self - described computer genius " who comes across as so lousy " is presumed innocent just like anyone else , Du Bois said .
" This has been a tough case for me , because my client is a difficult person to communicate with .
He is a difficult person to relate to .
He is a difficult person to present as a witness .
The complaining witness , the missing person , Nina Reiser , is easy to like and likable , " Du Bois said in Alameda County Superior Court .
" She is a pleasure to look at , a pleasure to be around , apparently , and projects very well .
In a beauty contest , Mr. Reiser would lose , hands down .
His hope is that you will not regard this case as a beauty contest , " Du Bois said .
Du Bois referred to the platypus , one of the only mammals that lays eggs , in asserting that some of his client 's conduct after his wife disappeared was a " product of his own platypusian personality . "
The defense attorney acknowledged that his client has been obnoxious and disruptive while on the stand .
" He gives the impression that he does n't care about who 's asking the questions , " Du Bois said .
" He only cares about his answer .
Even when the judge is talking to him , he 's still talking .
He does n't get it .
That does n't mean he killed anybody . "
Because Nina Reiser 's body has n't been found , there 's no proof that she 's dead , Du Bois said .
" I cannot dispute that she was the victim of foul play , " Du Bois said .
" But the evidence has n't told us even where she is .
The evidence has n't excluded her being in Europe . "
Nina Reiser was 31 when she disappeared Sept. 3 , 2006 , after dropping off the couple 's two children at her estranged husband 's Oakland hills home .
The children are now living with their maternal grandmother in St. Petersburg , Russia .
Du Bois suggested Wednesday that Nina Reiser had an " ulterior motive in marrying Hans . "
Du Bois will continue his final summation today , after which prosecutor Paul Hora will provide a rebuttal argument .
Earlier Wednesday , while finishing his closing argument , Hora said the fact that Hans ' and Nina Reiser 's cell phones were disabled to make them impossible to track is " probably the most incriminating circumstance " indicating that he killed her .
On Sept. 9 , 2006 , Nina Reiser 's cell phone battery was found removed from the phone in her abandoned minivan near Highway 13 in the Oakland hills .
Police later detained Hans Reiser for a DNA sample and discovered that his phone , too , had its battery removed .
He had also left a Honda CRX - which the prosecution believes he used to transport his wife 's body - off Highway 13 .
Cell - phone company employees testified during Hans Reiser 's five - month trial in Oakland that a user 's location cannot be tracked if the phone is off or if the battery is removed .
" That circumstance all by itself leaves no doubt that the defendant is guilty , " Hora told jurors .
" It 's that convincing .
It 's that unique .
It 's a signature - so unique for both those cell phone batteries to be out . "
He asked jurors to return a verdict of guilty to first - or second - degree murder .
" Nobody walks around with their cell phone battery intentionally removed , nobody , " Hora said .
" Who even thinks of removing their cell phone battery to hide their location and remain undetected ?
Someone who is familiar with technology - the defendant . "
Reiser , 44 , lied when he initially denied on the witness stand that he had never removed the battery from his cell phone , Hora said .
Reiser later admitted to jurors that he had taken out the battery .
Because he was " lying through his teeth to you , under oath at his murder trial , " Hora told the jurors they could reject his entire 11 days of testimony .
Hora said it was bad enough to have killed her , " but hiding the body is just so worse . "
" The pain and suffering he caused to those little kids and the family , for life , it never , ever goes away , " the prosecutor said .
" You 're never going to have that funeral , never get to go to the gravestone .
It 's just cold and callous , a cold and callous state of mind , to dump a body and sit and watch all this suffering as time goes by . "
-- Trial blog : Follow Henry K. Lee 's blog from the Reiser trial at sfgate.com / ZBLS .
12 . 3 . 2 Stentz 's Algorithm ( D
Imagine exploring an unknown planet using a robotic vehicle .
The robot moves along the rugged terrain while using a range scanner to make precise measurements of the ground in its vicinity .
As the robot moves , it may discover that some parts were easier to traverse than it originally thought .
In other cases , it might realize that some direction it was intending to go is impassable due to a large bolder or a ravine .
If the goal is to arrive at some specified coordinates , this problem can be viewed as a navigation problem in an unknown environment .
The resulting solution is a lazy approach , as discussed in Section 12.2.1 .
Figure 12.17 : The Automated Cross - Country Unmanned Vehicle ( XUV ) is equipped with laser radar and other sensors , and uses Stentz 's algorithm to navigate ( courtesy of General Dynamics Robotic Systems ) .
This section presents Stentz 's algorithm [ 913 ] , which has been used in many outdoor vehicle navigation applications , such as the vehicle shown in Figure 12.17 .
The algorithm can be considered as a dynamic version of the backward variant of Dijkstra 's algorithm .
Thus , it maintains cost - to - go values , and the search grows outward from the goal , as opposed to cost - to - come values from in the version of Dijkstra 's algorithm in Section 2.3.3 .
The method applies to any optimal planning problem .
In terms of the state transition graph , it is assumed that the costs of edge transitions are unknown ( equivalently , each cost is unknown ) .
In the navigation problem , a positive cost indicates the difficulty of traveling from state to state .
To work with a concrete problem , imagine that a planet surface is partitioned into a high - resolution grid .
The state space is simply a bounded set of grid tiles ; hence , .
Each grid tile is assigned a positive , real value , , that indicates the difficulty of its traversal .
The actions at each grid point can be chosen using standard grid neighbors ( e.g. , four - neighbors or eight - neighbors ) .
This now defines a state transition graph over .
From any and such that , the cost term is assigned using as .
This model is a generalization of the grid in Section 12.3.1 , in which the tiles were either empty or occupied ; here any positive real value is allowed .
In the coming explanation , the costs may be more general than what is permitted by starting from , and the state transition graph does not need to be derived from a grid .
Some initial values are assigned arbitrarily for all .
For example , in the planetary exploration application , the cost of traversing a level , unobstructed surface may be uniformly assumed .
The task is to navigate to some goal state , .
The method works by initially constructing a feedback plan , , on a subset of that includes both and .
The plan , , is computed by iteratively applying the procedure in Figure 12.18 until the optimal cost - to - go is known at .
A priority queue , , is maintained as in Dijkstra 's algorithm ; however , Stentz 's algorithm allows the costs of elements in to be modified due to information sensed during execution .
Let denote the lowest cost - to - go associated with during the time it spends in .
Assume that is sorted according to .
Let denote its current cost - to - go value , which may actually be more than if some cost updates caused it to increase .
Suppose that some can be applied to reach a state .
Let denote the cost - to - go from by traveling via ,
( 12 . 24 )
After the iterations of Figure 12.18 finish , the robot executes , which generates a sequence of visited states .
Let denote the current state during execution .
If it is discovered that if would be applied , the received cost would not match the cost in the current model , then the costs need to be updated .
More generally , the robot may have to be able to update costs within a region around that corresponds to the sensor field of view .
For the description below , assume that an update , , is obtained for only ( the more general case is handled similarly ) .
First , is updated to the newly measured value .
If happened to be dead ( visited , but no longer in ) , then it is inserted again into , with cost .
The steps in Figure 12.18 are performed until for all .
Following this , the plan execution continues until either the goal is reached or another cost mismatch is discovered .
At any time during execution , the robot motions are optimal given the current information about the costs [ 913 ] .
Figure 12.18 : Stentz 's algorithm , often called that dynamically updates cost values as the cost terms are learned during execution .
The steps here are only one iteration of updating the costs after a removal of a state from
Figure 12.19 : An example of executing Stentz 's algorithm ( courtesy of Tony Stentz ) .
Figure 12.19 illustrates the execution of the algorithm .
Figure 12.19 a shows a synthetic terrain that was generated by a stochastic fractal .
Darker gray values indicate higher cost .
In the center , very costly terrain acts as a barrier , for which an escape route exists in the downward direction .
The initial state is the middle of the left edge of the environment , and the goal state is the right edge .
The robot initially plans a straight - line path and then incrementally updates the path in each step as it moves .
In Figure 12.19 b , the robot has encountered the costly center and begins to search for a way around .
Finally , the goal is reached , as shown in Figure 12.19 c .
The executed path is actually the result of executing a series of optimal paths , each of which is based on the known information at the time a single action is applied .
Steven M LaValle 2012-04-20
Two Christians claim a police community support officer told them to stop leafleting in an area of east Birmingham where many Muslims live .
The Christian Institute has complained to West Midlands Police the men were told to leave Alum Rock Road .
The US Christians said they were advised they were committing a hate crime by trying to convert Muslims .
West Midlands Police has investigated the complaint and said the officer intervened to defuse a row .
Arthur Cunningham and Joseph Abraham , a pastor at Grace Bible Fellowship Church , in Saltley , Birmingham , had been distributing leaflets in nearby Alum Rock on 19 February when the police support officer ( PCSO ) intervened .
Apology demanded
They claimed he warned them to leave the area , saying : " If you come back here and get beat up , well you have been warned . "
Mr Cunningham and Mr Abraham then agreed to leave .
The men , backed by the Christian Institute , have complained to the force , saying their human rights were infringed .
They have also demanded an apology and damages .
A West Midlands Police spokeswoman said the complaint had been investigated by the force .
She said : " The investigation concluded that the PCSO acted with the best of intentions when he intervened to diffuse a heated argument between two groups of men . "
The spokeswoman added that following the investigation the PCSO had been offered " guidance around what constitutes a hate crime as well as his communication style " .
From HaskellWiki
This tutorial [ 1 ] was originally written by Mikael Vejdemo Johansson , and was copied here with permission .
Parts of the tutorial have been modified and extended to keep it up to date .
After having failed following the googled tutorial in HOpenGL programming , I thought I 'd write down the steps I actually can get to work in a tutorial - like fashion .
It may be a good idea to read this in paralell to the tutorial linked , since Panitz actually brings a lot of good explanations , even though his syntax is n't up to speed with the latest HOpenGL at all points .
Note : The OpenGL packages are part of the Haskell Platform , so you are ready to go if you have the HP already .
Alas , on some platforms GHCi has problems running the following programs , so you might have to compile them with GHC and run the generated executables instead .
Hello World
A minimal OpenGL program will need to load the OpenGL libraries and open a window .
This is all you need to get an OpenGL program running .
This is the skeleton that we 'll be building on for the rest of this tutorial :
import Graphics .UI.GLUT main :: IO ( ) main = do ( _progName , _args ) <- getArgsAndInitialize _window <- createWindow " Hello World " displayCallback $= display mainLoop display :: DisplayCallback display = do clear [ ColorBuffer ] flush
Save it to HelloWorld.hs and load it into GHCi or compile it with GHC via ghc -- make HelloWorld.hs .
When you run the program , a new blank window open with the title " Hello World " will open .
This code creates a window and sets the main display function .
getArgsAndInitialize initializes the OpenGL systems .
createWindow opens the window ; its argument is the title of the window .
displayCallback controls the main display function for the current window .
We use ( $ = ) to set it to our display function .
mainLoop is where GLUT takes over , using our displayCallback to draw the contents of the window .
This defines a function display that calls a few OpenGL functions .
clear clears out the graphics color state ( so we get a blank canvas ) .
flush pushes our OpenGL commands down to the system graphics for actual display .
displayCallback $= display
We do n't call display directly .
In fact , we do n't call any graphics drawing functions directly .
Instead we set a display callback , and then call mainLoop .
In mainLoop , GLUT takes over .
It handles all the details of interacting with the OS , refreshing our window , and calling our displayCallback to draw graphics .
displayCallback is a globally defined StateVar ( mutable state variable ) , which we set using a call to ( $ = ) .
In the OpenGL StateVar module , there is a HasSetter type class and an StateVar implementation providing functions ( $= ) ( assignment ) and get to facilitate interactions with these state variables .
IORefs are StateVars , too :
do height <- newIORef 1.0 currentHeight <- get height height $= 1.5
Using the drawing canvas
So , we have a window , we have a display callback that clears the canvas .
Do n't we want more out of it ?
Sure we do .
So let 's draw some things .
import Graphics .UI.GLUT myPoints :: [( GLfloat , GLfloat , GLfloat ) ] myPoints = [ ( sin ( 2 * pi * k / 12 ) , cos ( 2 * pi * k / 12 ) , 0 ) | k <- [ 1 .. 12 ] ] main :: IO ( ) main = do ( _progName , _args ) <- getArgsAndInitialize _window <- createWindow " Hello World " displayCallback $= display mainLoop display :: DisplayCallback display = do clear [ ColorBuffer ] renderPrimitive Points $ mapM_ ( \ ( x , y , z ) -> vertex $ Vertex3 x y z ) myPoints flush
Now , the important thing to notice in this code extract is that renderPrimitive line .
It starts a rendering definition , gives the kind of things to be rendered , and then a sequence of function calls , each of which adds a vertex to the rendering canvas .
The statement is basically equivalent to something along the lines of
renderPrimitive Points do vertex ( Vertex3 ... ) vertex ( Vertex3 ... ) ...
for appropriate triples of coordinate values at the appropriate places .
This results in the rendition here :
We can replace Points with other primitives , leading to the rendering of :
Triangles
Each three coordinates following each other define a triangle .
The last n mod 3 coordinates are ignored .
Triangle strips
When using TriangleStrip , triangles are drawn according to a “ moving window ” of size three , so the two last coordinates in the previous triangle become the two first in the next triangle .
Triangle fans
When using a TriangleFan , the first given coordinate is used as a base point , and takes each pair of subsequent coordinates to define a triangle together with the first coordinate .
Lines
Each pair of coordinates define a line .
Line loops
With LineLoop , each further coordinate defines a line together with the last coordinate used .
Once all coordinates are used up , an additional line is drawn back to the beginning .
Line strips
A LineStrip is like a LineLoop , only without the last link added .
Quadrangles
For the Quads keyword , each four coordinates given define a quadrangle .
Quadrangle strips
And a QuadStrip works as the TriangleStrip , only the window is 4 coordinates wide and steps 2 steps each time , so each new pair of coordinates attaches a new quadrangle to the last edge of the last quadrangle .
It is easier to understand what is going on when you see how the window is formed .
Giving each coordinate a number , the QuadStrip is rendered as follows : Coordinates 1 , 2 and 4 are rendered as a triangle followed by coordinates 1 , 3 and 4 .
Next coordinates 3 , 4 and 6 are rendered as a triangle followed by coordinates 3 , 5 and 6 .
Rendering continues for as many coordinates that can be formed by that pattern .
Polygon
A Polygon is a filled line loop .
Simple as that !
Using colors
There are more things we can do on our canvas than just spreading out coordinates .
Within the command list constructed after a renderPrimitive , we can give several different commands that control what things are supposed to look like , so for instance we could use the following :
display = do let color3f r g b = color $ Color3 r g ( b :: GLfloat ) vertex3f x y z = vertex $ Vertex3 x y ( z :: GLfloat ) clear [ ColorBuffer ] renderPrimitive Quads $ do color3f 1 0 0 vertex3f 0 0 0 vertex3f 0 0.2 0 vertex3f 0.2 0.2 0 vertex3f 0.2 0 0 color3f 0 1 0 vertex3f 0 0 0 vertex3f 0 ( - 0.2 ) 0 vertex3f 0.2 ( - 0.2 ) 0 vertex3f 0.2 0 0 color3f 0 0 1 vertex3f 0 0 0 vertex3f 0 ( - 0.2 ) 0 vertex3 f ( - 0.2 ) ( - 0.2 ) 0 vertex3 f ( - 0.2 ) 0 0 color3f 1 0 1 vertex3f 0 0 0 vertex3f 0 0.2 0 vertex3 f ( - 0.2 ) 0.2 0 vertex3 f ( - 0.2 ) 0 0 flush
in order to produce these four coloured squares :
where each color command sets the color for the next items drawn , and the vertex commands give vertices for the four squares .
Callbacks - how we react to changes
We have already seen one callback in action : displayCallback .
The callbacks are state variables of the HOpenGL system , and are called in order to handle various things that may happen to the place the drawing canvas lives .
For a first exercise , resize the latest window you 've used .
Go on , do it now .
I bet it looked ugly , did n't it ?
This is because we have no code handling what to do if the window should suddenly change .
Handling this is done in a callback , residing in the reshapeCallback .
Similarly , repainting is done in displayCallback , keyboard and mouse input is in keyboardMouseCallback , and so on .
We can refer to the HOpenGL documentation for window callbacks and for global callbacks .
Window callbacks are things like display , keyboard and mouse , and reshape .
Global callbacks deal with timing issues ( for those snazzy animations ) and the menu interface systems .
Some callbacks are not necessarily set , so those callback state variables contain a Maybe , where Nothing means that the corresponding callback is currently not set , i.e. disabled .
If there is a callback , it is wrapped in Just .
We 'll add a callback for reshaping the window to our neat code , changing the main function to :
main :: IO ( ) main = do ( _progName , _args ) <- getArgsAndInitialize _window <- createWindow " Hello World " displayCallback $= display reshapeCallback $= Just reshape mainLoop reshape :: ReshapeCallback reshape size = do viewport $= ( Position 0 0 , size ) postRedisplay Nothing
Here , the code for the reshape function resizes the viewport so that our drawing area contains the entire new window .
After setting the new viewport , it also tells the windowing system that something has happened to the window , and that therefore , the display function should be called .
Summary
So , in conclusion , so far we can display a window , post basic callbacks to get the window handling to run smoothly , and draw in our window .
Next installment of the tutorial will bring you 3D drawing , keyboard and mouse interactions , the incredible power of matrices and the ability to rotate 3D objects for your leisure .
Possibly , we 'll even look into animations .
Continue with part 2
A year ago Loren Feldman produced a controversial video called " TechNigga " which seems to still be causing him problems today .
Matthew Ingram captures the latest fallout from that controversy in his post Protests over Verizon deal with 1938 media where he writes
Several civil - rights groups and media watchdogs are protesting a decision by telecom giant Verizon to add 1938 media ’s video clips to its mobile Vcast service , saying Loren ’s " TechNigga " clip is demeaning to black people .
Project Islamic Hope , for example , has issued a statement demanding that Verizon drop its distribution arrangement with 1938 media , which was just announced about a week ago , and other groups including the National Action Network and LA Humanity Foundation are also apparently calling for people to email Verizon and protest .
The video that has Islamic Hope and other groups so upset is one called " TechNigga , " which Loren put together last August .
After wondering aloud why there are no black tech bloggers , Loren reappears with a skullcap and some gawdy jewelry , and claims to be the host of a show called TechNigga .
He then swigs from a bottle of booze , does a lot of tongue - kissing and face - licking with his girlfriend Michelle Oshen , and then introduces a new Web app called " Ho - Trackr , " which is a mashup with Google Maps that allows prospective johns to locate prostitutes .
In a statement , Islamic Hope says that the video " sends a horrible message that Verizon seeks to partner with racists . "
I remember encountering the video last year and thinking it was incredibly unfunny .
It was n’t a clever juxtaposition of hip hop culture and tech geekery .
It was n’t satire since that involves lampooning someone or something you disapprove off in a humorous way ( see The Colbert Report ) .
Of course , I thought the responses to the video were even dumber ; like Robert Scoble responding to the video with the comment “ Dare Obasanjo is black ” .
Since posting the video Loren Feldman has lost a bunch of video distribution deals with the current Verizon deal being the latest .
I ’ve been amused to read all of the comments on TechCrunch about how this violates Loren ’s freedom of speech .
People often confuse the fact that it is not a crime to speak your mind in America with the belief that you should be able to speak your mind without consequence .
The two things are not the same .
If I call you an idiot , I may not go to jail but I should n’t expect you to be nice to me afterwards .
The things you say can come back and bite you on butt is something everyone should have learned growing up .
So it is always surprising for me to see people petulantly complain that “ this violates my freedom of speech ” when they have to deal with the consequences of their actions .
BONUS VIDEO : A juxtaposition of hip hop culture and Web geekery by a black tech blogger .
Now Playing : NWA – N*ggaz 4 Life
There ’s no easier way to amp up your business acumen than by learning from other people ’s experiences .
If those people happen to be movie characters , and learning means putting your feet up with some popcorn and a cold one , all the better .
Give yourself a break from the summer swelter by absorbing a business lesson or two from the 50 best business movies ever made .
For more in - depth descriptions of each movie , please refer here .
50
The Game ( 1997 )
Michael Douglas stars as a loner executive who gets caught up in the ultimate corporate - produced virtual reality game .
49
Baby Boom ( 1987 )
An eminent businesswoman inherits a baby from her dead cousin , leading to a bundle of surprises , for both the baby and herself .
48
Other People ’s Money ( 1991 )
A Wall Street corporate hotshot gets the biggest wakeup call of his life at a family - run business .
47
Disclosure ( 1994 )
A man comes face - to - face ( and body - to - body ) with his ultimate competitor : his ex-wife .
46
Rogue Trader ( 1999 )
The true story of the Barings Bank employee who brought down the entire organization through clever insider trading .
45
The Coca -Cola Kid ( 1985 )
An ambitious Coca - Cola marketing man tries to establish the soft drink in an unfriendly Australian Outback .
44
Antitrust ( 2001 )
A Stanford graduate and his friend make big plans to form the ultimate Internet start - up , but Silicon Valley politics get in the way .
43
The Secret of My Succe$s ( 1987 )
A Kansas farmboy heads to New York to realize the American dream .
42
Nine to Five ( 1980 )
Three female office jockeys get revenge on their chauvinistic boss .
41
What Women Want ( 2000 )
An advertising exec with a chauvinistic streak gets a rude awakening when he acquires the ability to read women ’s minds .
When you first read about the Google - Viacom lawsuit , you never thought that it would affect you directly , did you ?
Think again .
Judge Louis L. Stanton , presiding over the federal court for the Southern District of New York , has ordered Google to give Viacom the IP addresses and other data about the users who watched YouTube videos , either on YouTube itself or embedded on a third party website .
If you want to get depressed further , read the entire document here .
Let me tell you , in the shortest possible terms , what this means .
It means you .
Unless you 've been extra careful to only watch non-copyrighted videos on YouTube ( yeah , right ) , Viacom could sue you .
No , it 's even worse : they could actually win .
The Electronic Frontier Foundation has an analysis which shows that this decision is in violation of the VPPA ( Video Privacy Protection Act ) .
However , and interestingly enough , the court denied Viacom 's request of YouTube 's source code , which means that the big company - Google - got protected , but the little guy - us - got screwed .
The court justified its decisions partly by what the folks at Google had written in a blog post a while ago .
An IP address is not personal data ; it cannot identify you without any additional information , they argued .
Google has stabbed itself in the foot with that post , but even without going into its analysis , I can tell you the following :
a ) Viacom wants these IP addresses precisely because they want to be able to identify the users .
Why else would they ask for them ?
b)
Yes , the IP address is only one piece of the puzzle .
YouTube login info - which Google also must produce to Viacom - is another .
I bet those two are enough for full identification of many users .
But even if they 're not , asking for this data and saying " they 're not enough to identify the user " is completely stupid , because little by little Viacom will get the rest of the data they need - from the ISPs , for example .
It 's like saying : hey , you : I 'm not going to ask you for your personal data , only your first name and the city you live in , please .
I think I 'm not alone here when I say screw you , Viacom .
Take your lousy videos and watch them yourselves .
Slap a nice watermark on each one so I can make sure I never watch one again .
In the meantime , can someone make sure that judges who probably do n't have a clue about what an IP address is do n't get assigned to cases like this ?
Thank you .
25 chapters , 100,000 words , 120 illustrations
ARTOFTRAVEL.COM
Table of Contents -
No advertising - Read here On $ 25 a Day or Less
HOW TO SEE THE WORLD
Art of Travel - European and World Backpacking
Chapter 4
How to Get Cheap Flights
When booking through an agent , always specify you want the " lowest possible fare , " as there may be specials which do not fall under " economy " or " APEX . "
Moreover , not every agent -- even with the budget specialists listed below - - will be equally competent or motivated to find the cheapest ticket .
They may not know about a great deal the next cubicle has been selling all week , or the commission may not merit bothering much .
Likewise , buying a ticket on the Internet is not the same as getting the cheapest price .
As with any travel agent , you may be offered the lowest price , an average price , or a test price .
You still have to make comparisons and move boldly when a deal presents itself .
A good strategy is to book the best - value , fully - refundable fare early , then continue looking for something better to pop up .
You may find an attractive price on the main leg , but a high one on the connect .
Try reversing the search , or book one leg at a time .
Allow at least three hours between flights for international departures / changeovers .
Often the best deals are offered directly by airline websites .
In some cases you sign - up with the airline and they notify you via email of hugely - restricted but incredibly cheap specials a few days before the flight .
These include American , United , Continental , Northwest , Southwest ( the U.S. low - fare and efficiency leader ) , U.S. Airways , TWA , Delta , Alaska , Canadian , Carnival , and Cathay Pacific ( which periodically auctions -- with minimum bid--several hundred seats on New York and Los Angeles to Hong Kong runs . )
Large Internet Travel Sites
All listings are the result of experience , general budget travel knowledge , or research .
The only contract is between author and reader .
travelocity.com
The biggest , from AMR , the parent of SABRE and American Airlines .
expedia.com Microsoft 's successful ( in the black ) travel site .
priceline.com
A reverse - auction website where you decide how much you 're willing to pay , then software searches for an airline willing to release a seat for that amount .
You choose the date but not the time , if an airline agrees your credit card is billed , and you are permitted only one bid per route .
While Priceline recommends bidding at the lowest published fare for the route , some success is reported at thirty percent below .
previewtravel.com
Closely linked with AOL , owned by Travelocity .
itn.net The Palo Alto engine behind many " front " travel agencies such as CNN .
ITN works with local travel agents .
americanexpress.com / travel American Express travel agency .
travelweb.com From Dallas - based Pegasus Systems .
hotwire.com
Hotwire is an airline , hotel , and rental car partnership discounting oversupply ( including 500,000 daily seats ) directly to consumers .
Buyers do not know airline names , flight times , or hotel locations until after purchase , and refunds or changes are not permitted .
orbitz.com
An airline alliance designed to bypass traditional reservation networks and return a few extra percent of revenue to the companies flying the airplanes .
It provides comprehensive route and fare information , and has attracted a million - dollar CEO and Justice Department interest .
Student and Budget Specialists
While a few tickets require student or youth status , most do not .
The following serve customers requiring cheap fares , and have access to discounted tickets .
To be certain of any true low - market price you must make at least a few inquiries .
( See Bargaining in Chapter 8 . ) sta-travel.com Formerly Student Travel Australia , and certainly partly responsible for the legions of Aussies carousing the world .
STA has nearly 200 offices in ten countries , including twenty in the States .
Main U.S. office is 10 Downing St. , New York , NY 10014 .
tel. 212-627-3111 .
National service desk 800-777-0112 . ciee.org Council Travel .
Has several dozen offices in the U.S. specializing in student and budget travel .
Operates charter flights to Europe in the summer ( Council Charter tel . 800-800-8222 ) .
Main office is 205 E. 42 St. , New York , NY 10017 .
tel. 212-661-1414 or 212-661-0311 .
Sells ISIC cards , Eurail passes , and the most excellent Work , Study , and Travel Abroad : The Whole World Handbook .
travelcuts.com
Canadian Universities Travel Service .
Has twenty offices in Canada and one in London .
Main office is at 187 College St. , Toronto , Ontario M5T1P7 . tel. 416-979-2406 . acotra.com
Belgium - based student travel organization with good connections to Africa .
ACOTRA World USA , 29777 Telegraph Road , Suite 2432 , Southfield , Michigan 48034 and ACOTRA World Ltd. , rue de la Madeleine 51 , 100 Brussels , Belgium tel .
32.2.512.70.79 fax 32.512.39.74
Domestic Bucket Shops
Air Brokers International 323 Geary , Suite 411 , San Francisco , CA 94102 tel .
800-883-3273 fax : 415-397-4767 .
Sells around - the - world and circle - Pacific tickets .
airbrokers.com Air Hitch 2790 Broadway , Suite 100 , New York , NY 10025 tel .
212-864-2000 or 800-326-2009 .
Air Hitch provides one - way rides across the Atlantic for $ 169 from the East Coast , $ 269 from the West Coast , and $ 229 from in - between .
You send the money , a five - day " window " when you would like to leave , and your top three destinations in Europe .
While they do n't guarantee the destination , according to AirHitch 95 % fly within their date range .
Several travelers have indicated a regular reserved seat for a few bucks more is less risky and a superior value .
Cheap Tickets , Inc. 1247 3rd Avenue , New York , NY 10021 tel .
212-570-1179
Also has offices in L.A. , San Francisco , and Honolulu .
National tel. is 800-377-1000 ( español : 800-991-6199 ) and fax 800-454-2555 .
Formerly a U.S. domestic specialist , Cheap Tickets now sells international tickets .
cheaptickets.com Cut Throat Travel Outlet 731 Market Street , San Francisco , CA 94105 tel .
800-642-TRIP
( California only ) and 415-989 - TRIP .
A clever agent from this company saved me $ 150 on a one - way by having it issued from Dubai .
Global Discount Travel Services 980 Kelly Johnson Drive , Clark County , NV 89119 888-777-2222 .
Regularly advertises in the The New York Times .
lowestfare.com High Adventure Travel San Francisco , 800-350-0636 .
Advertises around - the - world , circle - Pacific , and multi-continent fares in the New York Times .
highadv.com TicketPlanet 800-799-8888 and fax 415-288-9839 .
Advertises around - the - world and circle - Pacific fares in the The New York Times .
ticketplanet.com Sunco Travel International 690 Market Street , # 1501 , San Francisco , CA 94104 tel .
800-989-6017 or 415-291-9960 .
More around - the - world tickets .
TRAVAC 989 Sixth Avenue , New York , NY 10018 tel .
800 - TRAV - 800 or 212-563-3303 .
Travac specializes in tickets to Europe on scheduled airlines and charters .
Up & Away Travel 347 Fifth Avenue , New York , NY 212-889-2345 .
Claims lowest prices in town .
yahoo.com/Business_and_Economy/Companies/Travel/Agents/
A list of hundreds of travel agencies .
Ethnic Bucket Shops
Foreign airlines usually sell the bulk of their discounted tickets to bucket shops in ethnic neighborhoods which mostly serve their own nationality .
A travel agency in Koreatown in Los Angeles may have good deals on Korea Air to Seoul .
Chinatown in San Francisco has a dozen competitive travel agencies with specials to all over Asia .
Sometimes these ethnic agencies only advertise in local ethnic - language newspapers , and they may not be able to speak clear English over the phone , but they should be considered if you happen to be in the neighborhood .
Foreign Bucket Shops
If you become a one - way flier you will probably use bucket shops in other countries .
Competitive bucket shops are found in London , Brussels , Amsterdam , Athens , Istanbul , Cairo , Tel Aviv , Delhi , Bombay , Bangkok , Penang , Kuala Lumpur , Hong Kong , Sydney , and many other cities .
Since unscrupulous dealers exist , you must be careful .
Favor shops recommended by your guidebook , that are busy , or at least have an air of history .
Before dispensing funds determine terms exactly , including airline , times , and cancellation and date - change fees .
Sometimes it takes a day or two to actually get the ticket , and they may want all the money up front , but try to limit this to a deposit of twenty percent , which is fair .
Get a receipt , of course .
Photo : Typical international travel agency
Courier Flying
Courier companies sell cheap airfares in exchange for using your checked luggage allotment for business items such as documents and computer parts which need to get somewhere fast .
Therefore your pack should be small enough to carry on .
Your job is to show up at the airport on time , meet someone with the ticket , and board the airplane .
You do not usually ever handle the checked baggage .
Courier flights are best if you only have a short amount of time , as return flights are scheduled two to thirty days later .
Courier companies usually require your presence for the return flight , but sometimes you can get " no return service required . "
It 's also very unlikely that two people can fly courier on the same flight .
Approximate sample fares , all round - trip : L.A. to Sydney , $ 400 ; L.A. to Hong Kong , $ 450 ; New York to Paris , $ 250 ; New York to Buenos Aries , $ 500 .
Only when courier companies become desperate at the last minute do they offer free flights .
If offered a flight that evening Chicago to London for $ 200 , you can counter , " Okay , but I 'll only do it for free . "
There 's a chance they 'll agree or come down on the price , especially if you 've flown with them previously .
The big negative about flying courier is a more - limited - than - usual command of fate .
Indeed the courier company has complete dominion over the ticket until it 's placed in your hand , regardless of fronted fees .
Your contact may be delayed by traffic or become ill on bad fondue , or your shipment may be canceled at the last minute , and you left without a ticket to anywhere .
Moreover , and most importantly , there are many thousands more people wanting to fly freely or cheaply than there are opportunities , so beware fee - based courier information providers and " clubs " .
Their likely products are conveniently outdated information and membership cards .
I have never given courier - flying much consideration .
With so many bargain fares available from so many legitimate sources , courier - flying rhymes in my mind with ding dong .
It seems far more efficient to schedule a few extra shifts and purchase a legitimate bargain fare on a guaranteed flight , than try to get something for nothing by entering a possibly endless loop of frustration .
On the other hand some travelers reportedly fly courier regularly , learn the ins-and - outs of the companies they work with , and become favored regulars .
Round - the - World and Circle - Pacific Tickets
These are a series of tickets on one or several airlines pieced together by a travel agent , offering multiple stops .
Usually only the first leg must be booked in advance .
Travel must be completed within one year from departure .
Any route can be configured , but bucket shops advertise the especially good deals , which often include carriers such as Garuda Indonesia and Air India that allow free or cheap stopovers .
Following are low - season examples .
Expect to pay $ 200 more for travel beginning June 1 to August 31 , and various airport and departure taxes of $ 7 to $ 20 per stop .
Check the Sunday travel sections of the New York Times , Los Angeles Times , San Francisco Examiner , London Times , etc. for similar deals .
L.A. -- Honolulu-- Bangkok -- Singapore -- Tokyo-- L.A. for $ 1000 .
L.A. --Hong Kong-- Bangkok -- Bombay -- Delhi-- London -- New York for $ 1200 .
New York -- Hong Kong-- Bangkok -- Jakarta-- Bali-- Sydney -- Auckland -- Tahiti-- L.A.-- New York for $ 1800 .
New York -- London -- Moscow -- Nairobi--Bombay -- Delhi-- Katmandu-- Seoul -- New York for $ 1900 .
Charter Flights
Charter companies lease an airplane for a certain date and route , say New York to Paris , and then try to sell the seats .
Usually they charge a low price ( which may go lower as flight time approaches and seats remain unsold ) , and do not require advance purchase .
However , if they do n't sell enough seats to make money , the flight may be canceled at the last minute .
Other airlines have no obligation to honor your ticket , and it may take a few days to get your money back .
Reputable charter companies hold your money in escrow until the flight .
Some charter companies are well - established and fly regularly .
These include Council Travel , Martin Air , Lauda , and Tower .
Because airlines know a certain percentage of passengers are n't going to make their flight , they slightly overbook to maximize revenue and efficiency .
Since sometimes there are more passengers at the gate than seats in the airplane , the airlines must deny boarding to some .
Civilized airlines first ask for volunteers who , from the goodness of their hearts , are willing to give up their current seat for one on the next available flight .
Since no one responds , they then offer a voucher for a free flight in addition to a seat on the next flight .
They may also offer up to $ 500 cash .
Bumping is more likely during high season , busy holidays , and on Fridays , Sundays , and Mondays .
If you want to be bumped , arrive early to place your name at the top of the volunteer list , and do n't check your bag .
While I have n't been lucky yet , I usually ask at check - in if the flight is going to be full , and if so I wait near the desk just before flight time .
I fully expect a stampede , at least of one .
To Gateways and Greyhound USA
While Greyhound only transports passengers seventy miles per hour four feet off the ground , this U.S. nationwide bus service offers low long - distance prices , good buses , excellent drivers , clean air , and superb overall efficiency .
With advance purchase you can sometimes travel coast to coast -- stopping anywhere along the way and continuing whenever on the same ticket - - for as little as $ 99 .
As with all bus services , it 's much better if your pack is small enough to carry on rather than stowed underneath .
Once on a Texas - New York run I was separated from bus and pack in a small North Carolina town ( not Greyhound 's fault ) , but happily re-united a day later .
When taking any long - distance service ( bus , train , ferry , thumb ) to a gateway airport , it 's wise to schedule your arrival a full day before your flight , perhaps two .
A morning arrival for an afternoon flight means everything ( including yourself ) will have to go perfectly .
greyhound.com Greyhound USA tel .
800-231-2222 .
Excellent fare and schedule information , including Ameripasses .
Ticket and Flying Glossary
APEX Advance Purchase EXcursion .
This is the standard discount ticket available from airlines and most regular travel agents .
Depending on the airline , these tickets require a seven to thirty day advance purchase , a minimum stay of usually seven days , and a maximum stay of thirty or sixty days , sometimes longer .
Round trip is required , and fees are usually charged for date changes or cancellation .
Open jaw A ticket which allows you to fly into one city and return from another .
For example , you might fly into London , travel Europe by train , and then return to the U.S. from Athens .
Open - jaw tickets usually cost more than a regular return ticket from one city , but convenience makes up for that .
Not every travel agent or airline sells open - jaw tickets for a reasonable price , but some budget agencies specialize in them .
Open return A round - trip ticket which allows you to make the return flight at any time -- providing there is space -- during the period the ticket is valid .
One - year ticket This Cadillac of tickets is generally a full - fare that allows changes and cancellations without penalty for up to one - year .
It should also be fully - refundable .
While you usually cannot get a discounted one - year ticket directly from the airline or most mom-and - pop travel agents , they are sometimes available from bucket shops .
One - way ticket Usually costs more than half of a round - trip , but sometimes the same or even twice as much .
The great risk with one - ways is the return may be astronomically priced or unavailable when you desperately need it .
Nevertheless this is my preferred ticket ( when cheap enough ) since I like the feeling of being uncommitted to place and date , and because my travel is mostly limited by money , not time .
Confirmations
For international flights , but especially those originating outside the United States , call the airline to confirm your reservation at least 72 hours before the flight regardless of what your ticket says .
Otherwise your seat may be given to someone 's cousin on the waiting list .
Bucket shops
Experience tells the airlines that a certain number of seats are going to be empty on certain flights , so they discount that space -- sometimes heavily -- to travel agencies variously known as bucket shops , consolidators , and discounters .
These agencies mostly serve individuals who are only going to fly cheaply or not at all .
This maximizes airline revenue by forcing customers of regular travel agencies to pay non-discounted prices .
Some regular travel agents may be able to get discounted tickets from wholesalers .
Wholesalers A middle - man who handles discounted tickets between airlines and bucket shops .
Newspapers
One of the best ways to find discounted tickets is to check the Sunday travel sections of major newspapers , such as ( for the U.S. ) The New York Times , San Francisco Examiner , Chicago Tribune , Los Angeles Times , Houston Chronicle , and Miami Herald .
( The latter three are good for flights to Latin America . )
USA Today , The L.A. Weekly , and The Village Voice also have bucket shop advertisements .
Some agencies clearly label one - way and round - trip fares , while others list " half - round - trip " to make prices seem lower .
Throughout the world low market prices are easily determined from competitive advertising in major newspapers .
Since the ads are costly some level of legitimacy may be assured .
Onward ticket requirement Many countries , such as the U.S. , New Zealand , Australia , Indonesia , and Thailand , require visitors to have in their possession upon arrival a valid airline ticket out of the country .
Bus or train tickets are usually not acceptable .
Most airlines will check that you have an onward ticket before allowing you to board , as they are responsible should you not be admitted .
See Chapter 5 Passports and Visas for more information .
IATA International Air Transport Association .
Organization of most ( 270 ) of the world 's major airlines .
MCO Miscellaneous Charges Order .
Can be bought in any denomination and traded for tickets or cash with IATA airlines .
MCO 's look like airline tickets , so they may meet the onward ticket requirement for some countries .
Stopovers
Some airlines allow you to disembark when the plane stops along the way to somewhere , and then continue your journey up to one year later .
On some routes on some airlines there is no charge for this valuable privilege , while others charge $ 50 to $ 100 , or much more .
If you can find an airline with free or cheap stopovers you can create a great ticket for not much money .
On Air India you could stopover in Bangkok on your way from Los Angeles to Delhi , and in Hong Kong or Singapore on your way back .
For thirty years IcelandAir lured backpackers with free Reykjavík stopovers on a New York to Luxembourg run , but that market fizzled .
Carry - on allotment Officially this is limited to one bag with a total of three sides length of 45 inches ( 115 cm . )
This is length + width + height , for example : 22x14x9 inches ( 55x35x25 cm. ) , or 2900 cubic inches ( 50 liters ) .
You may get by with a little more .
Bicycles
Can be shipped on most airlines as long as they are boxed , and count as your second piece of checked luggage .
This policy may vary .
Routing tags Remove old routing tags that may confuse baggage handlers , and be sure your name , address , and phone number is on and inside your luggage in at least two places .
For preparing a pack for airline baggage handling , see Chapter 14 Walking and Backpacks .
How to See the World is copyright © John Gregory 1995 - 2009 .
All rights reserved .
Except for personal use like showing to a friend , it may not be reproduced , retransmitted , rewritten , altered , or fram e d .
All product names and trademarks are property of their respective owners .
Comment .
Sales .
Disclaimer .
Thank you .
Notes
Google managed to spank the rest of the mobile search world during the first quarter of 2008 , according to data from Nielsen Mobile .
The search giant managed to capture 61 percent of the mobile search market in the first four months of the year , with Yahoo !
taking a very distant second at 18 percent .
MSN sat at third place with a measly 5 percent .
The data comes almost four months after Google said that the number of mobile searches coming from iPhones was 50 times higher than any other handset .
The discrepancy was so large that the company had engineers double - check the logs to make sure it was n't a mistake , but it turns out that it was all true .
Despite the fact that smartphones have existed for far longer than Apple 's , it seems that — according to Google 's data — folks had n't been using the Internet ( and , in turn , search engines ) on their mobile devices like they are in the post - iPhone world .
Surely this is part of the reason why Google has skyrocketed to the top of Nielsen 's mobile search list .
Google is set as a factory default search engine on all iPhones , with Yahoo !
being offered as a secondary option ( no Microsoft search product is available as a default on the iPhone , although users can navigate to the pages on their own if they so please ) .
Speaking of default search settings , however , Nielsen 's statistics are still surprising in other ways .
For one , with the sheer number of Windows Mobile phones in the wild , why do n't Microsoft 's search options ( MSN and Live Search ) have a larger share ?
Windows Mobile 6 offers Live Search as a home screen option in its browser , and yet the search engine did n't even make its way into third place ; however , WM6 owners can also install Opera Mini , which offers Yahoo as a default search engine .
Anecdotally , Opera Mini tends to be quite a popular browser alternative among friends who use WM6 and BlackBerry devices , which could be part of the reason why Yahoo managed to creep into second place on Nielsen 's list .
Another fairly major mobile search option that did n't make the cut is the mobile version of Ask.com .
With basically zero phones offering Ask.com as a default search engine , it 's all but impossible to capture any significant share until mobile Internet use becomes as commonplace as desktop Internet use .
Although Google and Yahoo ! dominated Nielsen 's charts , they are still not without vulnerabilities .
Less than half ( 44 percent ) of mobile Google users rated their experiences toward the high end of the scale , leaving a lot of room for improvement .
Yahoo !
users were similar , with about 40 percent rating the search engine relatively high .
The majority of both users were searching for general information on their mobile phones , although 29 percent of Google users and 24 percent of Yahoo users were looking for local listings .
With increasing GPS and location - aware capabilities of today 's mobile phones , both search engines should be able to offer more targeted , local search results to users who are on the go .
What better day than Earth Day to remind ourselves how we can make our kitchens a little greener .
Do n’t worry , we here at startcooking .com are not hardcore environmentalists about to suggest you get a worm composting operation going on the counter !
There are less drastic measures we can all take to make a difference .
In some cases , it ’s as simple as a more environmentally friendly choice at the grocery store .
In other cases , it involves changing day - to - day habits in the kitchen .
It takes time , but eventually it sticks .
I am proud to say that my kitchen has been plastic wrap - free for months .
But , on the other hand , I still regularly forget to bring my own grocery bags .
I ’m working on that .
Here are seven ways we can go greener in the kitchen :
1. Bring your own bags to the grocery store :
Let ’s address this one right away !
You can eliminate the use of hundreds , if not thousands , of bags by bringing your own reusable bags .
If , like me , you keep forgetting to bring them , try getting the ultracompact kind , which fold up into a small pouch that fits in your glove compartment , purse , backpack or pocket .
You can even get the kids in on remembering these bags ; in fact , there ’s a new children ’s book out called My Bag and Me .
2 . Wean yourself off plastic and packaging :
Rather than relying on plastic cling wrap and re-sealable baggies , store food in reusable , lidded containers .
Start by NOT buying plastic wrap the next time you run out , and you ’ll quickly find other ways to store and cover food .
Reusable plastic containers are one option , but you can also save glass food jars and seal them with reusable lids .
Keep in mind that glass or Pyrex are better options than plastic containers , which might contain harmful chemicals .
Avoid containers imprinted with the recycling codes 3 – 7 .
As for aluminum foil , you can actually buy 100 per cent recycled foil from a company called If You Care .
Stop buying bottled water :
The next wonder of the world will be Mount Water Bottle if we do n’t stop buying this high - maintenance stuff .
If you do n’t trust tap water , spring for a filtration pitcher .
Aim for litterless lunches : With solutions like the Laptop Lunchbox , you can pack school and work lunches that do n’t require any disposable packaging .
The product is a lunchbox with its own removable compartments .
Green things come in small packages : Consider how much paper and plastic goes into the convenience products you ’re buying .
Go for the large - size yogurt , rather than individual cups – simply pour yogurt into reusable containers for snacks .
You ’ll see that the preparation time involved is negligible .
3. Recycle :
Your local municipal website typically describes what can be recycled and how to do it .
Start by recycling only paper and cardboard just to see how much food packaging does n’t have to go to waste .
You ’ll be amazed .
It might initially seem annoying to have various trash receptacles , but these days there are recycling bins in all shapes and sizes .
Find a system that works in your kitchen space .
4. Greener cleaning :
One of the easiest changes to make is to switch from heavy - duty chemical cleaning products to more eco-friendly options .
Go for phosphate - free dishwashing detergent , for example , instead of the kind you normally buy .
Use the natural power of household items like lemon juice and baking soda wherever possible .
Fill a spray bottle with a solution of one part lemon juice and one part water to use for counter cleanups .
Get out of the habit of using paper towel by placing it under the sink or out of reach .
Dish towels are an inexpensive , washable replacement .
Bamboo cleaning cloths are gaining popularity and worth a try .
5 . Buy environmentally friendly kitchen gadgets :
When replacing kitchen equipment , go for products made of recycled materials .
A company called Preserve makes cutting boards and a number of other products from 100 per cent recycled materials .
6 . Make it meatless :
Here ’s another easy one – try eating vegetarian a little more often .
Raising livestock has a more significant impact on the environment than cultivating plants and grains .
Startcooking.com offers many vegetarian recipe options .
7 . Buy local and organic :
Next time you ’re in the produce section , just notice the tags telling you where all that fresh food comes from .
Consider whether you really need to buy Japanese apple pears or South African oranges on a weekly basis .
Chances are , you ’re buying these things out of habit , and might be just as satisfied with foods from closer to home .
When it comes to buying organic , you ’ll definitely pay more , but will at least be assured that you ’re not getting potentially harmful pesticides in every bite .
Here ’s a list that will help determine when to splurge on organic .
( We should note that there are some people who debate whether buying local is , in fact , more eco-friendly and what , exactly , organic means !
Take a look at the popular book The Ominvore ’s Dilemma for arguments on both sides . )
Please share your tips and tricks for going greener in the kitchen !
On 26 of February , the Israeli Army issued ( 6 ) military orders of closure and eviction for ( 2 ) orphanages and ( 3 ) schools and other facilities of the Islamic Charitable Society in Hebron .
EPISODE SYNOPSIS :
How to buy a present for your girlfriend .
The hills are alive with the sound of RPGs
After six years of ignoring Afghanistan , things have gotten bad enough to force American officials to pay attention .
For the past two months , U.S. casualties in Afghanistan have been higher than in Iraq .
And on July 13 , Afghanistan definitely got everybody ’s attention when nine U.S. troops were killed in what Wikipedia is now officially calling “ The Battle of Wanat . ”
Three days after the battle , the International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) , the U.S. - dominated military force running the country , announced it ’s abandoning Wanat completely .
Let ’s start with a close - up of the battle , then zoom out to the overall situation in Afghanistan .
Wanat is in Kunar Province , along the border with Pakistan .
It looks a lot like Northern Wyoming : mountain country , steep slopes with pine forests running down to fast , cold rivers .
Some of the photos I ’ve seen from Kunar seem like stills from “ The Sound of Music ” or “ Heidi , ” only some prankster has Photoshopped in a platoon of soldiers in desert camouflage .
The outpost that the United States had just set up in Wanat was supposed to disrupt Taliban supply lines from Pakistan .
Instead , it became a tempting target for the local guerrillas , just like hundreds of other remote forward bases in other rural guerrilla wars from Southeast Asia to Algeria .
Guerrillas usually avoid open combat with conventional forces , but when they do attack in force it ’s usually against the smaller , more vulnerable forward bases .
The Wanat base was a very tempting target because it was still under construction .
It ’s not so easy to be sure what actually happened in the battle there on July 13 .
A big Taliban force — big by guerrilla - war standards , meaning several hundred — was able to mass outside the base without being detected .
They attacked with rocket - propelled grenades , mortars and rifle fire , managed to take part of the base , and then either withdrew or were forced back into the town of Wanat , where the fighting continued in the ruins .
The NATO troops had massive air support , and faced with that , the guerrillas dispersed into the hills .
Then , three days later , the U.S. forces , who have de facto command of southeastern Afghanistan , also withdrew .
Officially Wanat is now in the hands of the Afghan police , but that ’s a joke .
You can tell how ridiculous that claim is by looking carefully at the casualties from the battle .
This is a good example of how to read war news carefully , how to read between the lines of standard press coverage .
It ’s almost like a story - problem for war nerds .
Here are the figures :
There were 70 defenders in that base , 45 U.S. troops and 25 ANA ( Afghan National Army ) troops .
That ’s about a 60 / 40 split .
So if both groups fought equally effectively , you ’d expect more than a third of the casualties to be from the ANA .
But that ’s not the story the casualty figures tell you .
Every defender who died was American ; no Afghan troops died .
Three - quarters of the wounded were also American , only four out of 19 were Afghan .
What that tells you is that the ANA did n’t fight .
They left it to the Americans .
That ’s a pattern you often see in guerrilla wars :
The locals fight very hard against the occupiers , but not very well for them .
So in Vietnam , the Viet Cong fought like demons and the South Vietnamese Army ( ARVN ) barely fought at all , even though they were from the same ethnic background .
There are a lot of very familiar patterns in this story .
If you zoom out from Wanat and look at the bigger situation in southern Afghanistan , you ’ve got the classic ingredients for a long , bloody guerrilla war : a big ethnic group on both sides of an artificial border , difficult terrain , and dirt - poor peasants with a long tradition of fighting just about everyone who comes along , from Alexander the Great to the 19th century British .
The Pakistani / Afghan border is 1,500 miles long , and the people living on both sides of it are Pashtun , the biggest ethnic group in Afghanistan and the support base of the Taliban .
The Taliban started as a Pashtun resistance to the Northern Alliance warlords , mostly Uzbeks and Tajiks , who took power after the Soviet pullout in 1989 , and the Taliban is still mostly Pashtun .
The reason you do n’t hear so much about the ethnic angle is simple :
Neither side wants to push that angle in its propaganda .
The Taliban would like to claim to be defending Islam , and the Americans are happy to go along with that , so they can say we ’re fighting Islamic terror .
But the fact is that the Taliban stands for old - school Pashtun tradition more than for Islam .
And the Taliban is divided even further , with complicated loyalties to local warlords and tribal chiefs .
There are three main factions right now , and the one that runs Kunar Province is run by an old friend of the CIA ’s from the 1980s , Gulbuddin Hekmatyar .
Hekmatyar was always a tough guy to handle , for the CIA and the Pakistani intelligence service , ISI , and when the foreign troops finally withdraw , it ’s a safe bet that his faction of the Taliban will just switch to fighting the other two .
But for now , the three factions seem pretty solidly united against the ISAF , the American - dominated occupying force .
When the U.S. Air Force started bombing Afghanistan in October 2001 , the Taliban had beaten the Uzbek / Tajik Northern Alliance and controlled most of the country .
Not all of it ; the Taliban never had the strength to control all of Afghanistan .
In fact , it was overstretched , with small garrisons scattered through hostile tribes ’ territory .
The Taliban had also managed to make itself hated by just about all the non-Pashtun population of the country by pushing its backwoods Pashtun rules on everyone else , and shooting or hanging anybody who complained .
What ’s scary now , for the ISAF ’s chances of holding on to the country , is that the Taliban seems to have learned its lesson .
It never had a reputation for sophistication , and its hillbilly Pashtun ways were n’t exactly calculated to win hearts and minds .
The Pashtun have always been a little strange .
They have probably the most anti-women attitude of any tribe on earth .
Here are a couple of Pushtun proverbs that give you the general idea : “ Women belong either in the house or in the grave , ” and “ Even one ’s own mother and sister are disgusting . ”
They do n’t even claim to find women attractive ; for the typical Pashtun warrior , the sexiest thing around is a little boy .
But , like the old saying goes , “ pain is the best teacher , ” and the pain the Talibs suffered when they were crushed in 2001 - 2002 seems to have made them a little more humble and flexible .
This is something you see in a lot of guerrilla wars :
After a defeat , the guerrillas come back much smarter and more patient , because the enemy has been acting like a sped - up Darwin , pruning the movement by killing off the hotheads , the sadists and the crazies , until only the smarter guerrillas , who had the sense to lie low , are left .
At any rate , the new Taliban has been a lot more patient and sophisticated than the pre-invasion model .
So Afghanistan has n’t been quiet in a good way these past few years ; it ’s been quiet like the old line in Westerns : “ It ’s quiet — too quiet . ”
The new Taliban has learned to tap into the poor peasants ’ grudges .
And Lord knows the Afghan peasantry is poor , and getting poorer , with 70 percent unemployment .
Even USA
Today , always ready to put a smiley face on total misery , admits that the average yearly income in Afghanistan is only $ 300 .
So overall , Afghanistan has rotten living conditions — not a promising market if you ’re selling the new iPhone , but perfect conditions , lab - level perfect , for selling rebellion .
In the early stages , successful rural insurgencies do n’t even worry about combat much .
They focus on quietly setting up a local government that replaces the occupiers ’ puppet government .
If you ’ve read much about how the Viet Cong worked in South Vietnam , you ’ll recognize the pattern :
The puppet government runs around looking busy in the daytime , but when the sun goes down the guerrillas go into action , collecting taxes and settling local disputes , even holding court proceedings in caves , barns or somebody ’s hut .
The idea is to keep the locals from contacting the occupiers , denying them basic intelligence about what ’s going on in the villages , and at the same time making your group indispensable by helping to handle the local feuds , even helping them in the fields .
The Taliban has spent the last six years doing all that , to the point that most of Afghanistan now has Sharia - based Taliban courts settling criminal cases .
Against this sort of insurgency , the only effective countermeasure is good , sophisticated local intelligence .
And we have n’t exactly won any prizes in that department , in Iraq or Afghanistan .
If you ’ll recall , the first American casualty was a CIA interrogator named Johnny Spann , who got mobbed by Taliban prisoners he was trying to interrogate at Mazar - i- Sharif .
Spann was the first to interrogate the infamous John Walker Lindh , our own Marin County - raised Talib , and what he asked Lindh — up there in northern Afghanistan , in a crowd of flat - hatted , sullen Talibs who were just about to rush him — was , “ Are you a member of the IRA ? ” ( I wish I knew what Lindh said back , in that Marin County stoner drawl : “ Nooo , deewd , but I was in the Tamalpais High Jazz Band . ” )
To make up for the big gaping hole where our military intelligence should be , we ’ve been using William Westmoreland ’s failed formula : massive firepower .
Donald Rumsfeld ’s doctrine of doing counterinsurgency warfare on the cheap , with very few troops and lots of air strikes , means that the ISAF has very little local intelligence and has to depend on air power , which worked well enough in the initial defeat of the Taliban in 2002 , but just plain does n’t work in counterinsurgency warfare , because that kind of warfare is about not firing until you know exactly who you ’re shooting at .
To gain that sort of local knowledge , you need troops settling in to the villages , getting to know people .
What you do n’t need is F - 18s orbiting at medium altitude looking for targets .
Unfortunately , that ’s what we ’ve been using to suppress the Taliban .
Those fighter jets ca n’t tell the difference between a wedding party carrying the bride to her husband ’s village and a Taliban column moving to the attack .
And when in doubt , they tend to assume all large groups on the move are Taliban .
For six years , ISAF warplanes have been bombing Pashtun wedding parties and processions .
It seems to happen over and over again .
I ’m not sure why .
Maybe weddings are the only time that Pashtuns get together in big numbers , big enough to draw fighter pilots ’ attention .
Maybe it ’s their habit of firing rifles to celebrate .
But for whatever reason , we have bombed and strafed enough wedding parties to rouse centuries of hatred from the Pashtuns .
And it ’s no coincidence that one of the worst of these wedding attacks happened a few miles from Wanat , exactly one week before the Taliban attacked there .
On July 7 , U.S. Air Force planes killed 47 civilians in a wedding party in Nangarhar .
Apparently they mistook a column of relatives taking the bride to her new village for a Taliban force on the march .
That ’s the kind of mistake that makes guerrillas very happy .
If you ’re a Taliban commander , you could n’t wish for a better scenario than a U.S. air strike on a wedding party to rile the people up against the foreign occupier .
The guerrillas do n’t lose a single fighter in an operation like that .
In fact , they gain huge numbers of recruits because everyone who hears about the air strike wants to volunteer to avenge the dead .
By trying to do Afghanistan on the cheap , following the Rumsfeld Doctrine that air power can do everything , we ’ve played right into the hands of the new and improved Taliban .
This article first appeared on Alternet.org .
GREG MANKIW is
angry
with the state of Massachusetts , and I do n't blame him .
Seeking a new source of revenue , the government has begun thinking of ways to squeeze its golden goose .
The
Wall street Journal
reports
Massachusetts legislators , demonstrating a growing resentment against the wealth of elite universities in tight economic times , are studying a plan to levy a 2.5 % annual tax on the portion of college endowments that exceed $ 1 billion .
The effort takes aim at one of the primary economic engines of the state , which is home to nine universities with endowments that surpass the $ 1 billion level , led by Harvard University 's $ 35 billion cache , the nation 's largest ....
Supporters said the proposal would raise $ 1.4 billion a year .
Based on the most recent size of Harvard 's endowment , the university would have to shell out more than $ 840 million annually .
This move strikes me as very ill - considered given Harvard 's role as a jobs - creation machine .
It 's odder still considering that the university just announced a bold new financial aid regime , under which families earning under $ 60,000 will pay nothing to attend the school , and families earning under $ 180,000 will be asked to pay at most 10 percent of their incomes .
Mr Mankiw urges the school to begin considering a relocation if such a program passes , first establishing a satellite campus elsewhere in the country and then slowly tranferring resources to that campus until the original can be shut down .
One suspects that such a threat might make the legislators think twice .
But is the threat credible ?
Mr Mankiw says he has often wondered about the efficient scale of a university , but to me the key question is to what extent does the university benefit from the agglomeration externalities to which it also contributes ?
Cambridge and nearby Boston are home to some 50 institutions of higher education .
This deep pool of resources and intellectuals adds value to the Harvard experience for both its students and its employees , including professors .
What 's more , the presence of these many colleges and universities has contributed to the establishment of a deep and tightly connected network of related concerns .
There are non-profit research organisations and for - profit businesses and consultancies , which contribute to the university experience and provide faculty with additional resources and side - employment .
They also deepen the local job market for students who wish to stay in the area .
The greater Boston area has also developed other service businesses specifically to cater to this collection of academic talent .
There are excellent primary schools for children of the faculty .
There are excellent cultural facilities .
There is an entire infrastructure built up to support and serve the academic industry that drives the Boston economy .
There is no doubt that $ 840 million per year is a steep additional tax burden .
But Boston and Cambridge are already very expensive places to live and work .
Housing in the area is very costly - - a factor for which employees must be compensated .
One suspects that if taxes were all there were to it , Harvard could easily move elsewhere and save much more money than $ 840 million .
That this is not even considered within the university is a testament to the value of the academic agglomeration built up in greater Boston .
The situation is analogous to finance in Manhattan .
Despite the tax burden , despite the exorbitant rents , financial firms all crowd atop one another in the center of the city .
The reason is that the very concentration of those firms and ancillary businesses and institutions creates a great deal of value , making it very unattractive for any one business to leave .
This Kohler Fountainhead toilet looks so not like a conventional toilet that we 'll probably have second thoughts about putting our asses on it and letting fly .
Not only is there a glowing LED mechanism on the back to illuminate your business , but buttons on the lid allow it to automatically open up for # 1 or # 2 .
For the eco-maniacs , there 's the 1.28 gallon per flush system , saving water and dehydrating sewer crocodiles at the same time .
How much would you pay for this ?
$ 3,800 ?
It 's yours in June .
It 's the closest thing you 'll get to taking a dump on Ayn Rand 's work without resorting to defecating in the fiction aisle at Barnes and Noble .
[ Kohler via DVICE ]
Advertisement
A coalition of left - leaning bloggers ran this ad in The Washington Post , attacking House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer for shepherding a telecom amnesty bill through Congress .
Credit : ActBlueAn online campaign to scuttle a deal giving retroactive amnesty to telecoms that helped the government warrantlessly wiretap Americans is growing in strength , catching Senator Barack Obama between the Netroots that helped vaunt him to the nomination and a presidential campaign desire to seem strong on national security .
Last year , Obama won accolades from the netroots by vowing to fight against any bill that granted retroactive amnesty to the telecoms that helped the government warrantlessly spy on Americans .
But last week , portions of the netroots revolted when Obama changed his stance regarding the current version of the bill , saying that while he would fight against amnesty , he would vote for the final bill regardless because exanding the spying powers of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance
Act was necessary for national security .
Obama credied the netroots for improving the bill .
" By demanding oversight and accountability , a grassroots movement of Americans has helped yield a bill that is far better than the Protect America Act , " Obama said in a written statement last week .
Those changes and words were n't enough for some his supporters , who created an action group on my.barackobama.com called " Senator Obama - Please Vote No on Telecom Immunity . "
That 's the senator 's own site to motivate supporters to create groups that can take action on their own .
Though just created on June 25 , it has quickly grown to quickly grown to being the fifth largest out of more than 7,000 groups , with more than 4,700 members as of Monday morning .
That 's just one place short of the Women for Obama group .
Len in Indy summed up the groups sentiment in an open letter to Obama on the group 's blog , writing :
I have worked for your nomination and voted for you , as I did when I lived in Illinois .
This has been the election I have been waiting for - one about hope and about change .
I do hope I am right about change .
I understand politics and the need to compromise , [...]
However , there must be some point , there must be some principles , there must be some line that you do not cross .
In my view , the new FISA bill is that .
It is a simple attempt to camouflage the spineless response of a Democratic congress that is afraid to stand up to the President on civil liberties and is happy to allow any corporation to be blameless for violating our basic rights .
So , I ask myself , why would Senator Obama and the other Democrats cave in to the President .
The answer that comes to mind most quickly is the " politics of fear " .
Are you afraid of being labeled " soft on terrorism " ?
A quick survey of the members shows that many of them are new to the Obama site , and were likely motivated to create a profile due to posts at prominent left - leaning blogs Talking Points Memo , Open Left and Daily Kos .
But the list of members also includes some of the most influential Netroots bloggers including Matt Stoller and Jerome Armstrong .
Meanwhile prominent lefty blogger Glenn Greenwald and Jane Hamsher of Firedoglake , along with other lefty bloggers and libertarian - leaning fellow anti-immunity travelers , have raised more than $ 325,000 to fight the FISA bill .
Their Blue America PAC is already targeting House Democrats who voted for the bill , including placing a full - page ad in The Washington Post slamming House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer , who claimed credit for creating the so - called compromise bill .
The coalition plans to follow - up with a Ron Paul - style money bomb , which will be used to target key senators , according to Greenwald .
The Senate is set to take up the bill , along with a few amendments to limit or strike the amnesty clause , on July 8 .
The bill is widely expected to pass , and in February , similar amendments to strip or limit the immunity failed to pass .
That leaves a little more than a week to see how Obama , now one of the leaders of his party , responds to the new technological revolution in politics that he has championed .
As OpenLeft contributor Mike Stark writes :
The really cool thing about all of this technology ?
It is exactly what Barack Obama wants to see happen ; it comports perfectly with his vision of an engaged electorate .
Over and over again on the campaign trail , Obama has talked about what YOU have done .
He aspires to represent " we , the people " and consistently disparages the old system of lobbyist - fueled special interest politics .
So ...
If you want to be the change you desire , take a few seconds , visit this group and sign up .
It 'll provide Barack Obama with an unprecedented opportunity to lead by listening to the people .
The Obama campaign did not return a call seeking comment .
See Also :
George Bush has warned Iran that military action is still " on the table " if it fails to respond to tightening diplomatic pressure to abandon its nuclear weapons programme .
The EU is planning to announce the freezing of all overseas assets of the main bank in Iran .
Sanctions are also to be tightened on gas and oil exports by Iran .
But the US President 's remarks on the last leg of his " farewell tour " of Europe raised fears at Westminster that Mr Bush is determined to take action against Iran before he leaves office in January if the sanctions fail to force Tehran to abandon its nuclear weapons ambitions .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Standing alongside the President after more than an hour of talks in Downing Street , Gordon Brown surprised EU council officials by announcing that the EU intends to intensify its sanctions on Iran , including freezing the billions of euros in overseas assets of the Melli Bank of Iran .
But Mr Bush left no doubt that the US is holding military action in reserve .
Thanking Mr Brown for keeping together the European alliance " so that we can solve this problem diplomatically " , Mr Bush said : " That is my first choice .
The Iranians must understand that all options are on the table , however . "
The EU foreign policy chief Xavier Solana delivered a more generous offer to the Iranian regime at the weekend and is now awaiting its reply .
It includes help in developing civil nuclear power and extending economic assistance if Iran stops enriching uranium to produce weapons - grade plutonium .
Ali Larijani , the Speaker of the Iranian Parliament , promised to " carefully study the package " .
EU council officials said tougher sanctions were not on the agenda when Mr Solana briefed his officials but Downing Street insisted sanctions were being prepared .
It is likely they will be implemented next week .
Mr Brown said : " Our message to the Iranian people is you do not have to choose the path of confrontation .
The latest round of talks with the Iranians took place over the weekend .
We put our enhanced offer on the table including political and economic partnership including nuclear technology for civilian use .
" We await the Iranian response and will do everything to maintain the dialogue but we are also clear that if Iran continues to ignore UN resolutions and our offer of partnership , we have no choice but to intensify sanctions . "
A spokesman for the Stop the War Coalition , which protested against Mr Bush 's arrival at Downing Street on Sunday , said : " Bush has been travelling round Europe trying to secure support for sanctions and a possible future attack on Iran . "
Mr Brown also announced that Britain is sending more troops to Afghanistan as the bodies of five soldiers killed in action last week were brought home .
About 400 support staff are being withdrawn , but 630 more troops are being flown out .
Mr Brown is due to announce troop withdrawals from Basra before the summer recess of Parliament at the end of next month .
@ TheRealMaxPower :
Putting aside the fact that an entire nation of people would disagree with that statement , what games have " PS3 versions that suck ? "
Yes , Half - Life / The Orange Box obviously comes to mind and I wo n't argue with that ; however , they are mainly equal , and is that not the point of porting a title on multiple platforms ?!
So that a title will be equally represented on a majority of consoles ?
Look at the pending release of Force Unleashed .
The 360 and PS3 models are going to be identical , and , due to lack of power , the Wii , PS2 and PSP models will come at extra content to level the field .
The only version that should come out as better is the PC , for obvious reasons .
Software is not a platform .
You can not just idealize the hardware .
Every piece of hardware will be different and treat the software differently .
You can not get a good product out of a copy / paste mentality either .
Every system comes out with different development tools .
Sony opted for a strong machine with separate pools of RAM .
They saw a great amount of potential with it .
If a team were to fully utilize that power , an unparalleled game could be produced ( Uncharted only used about 30 % and MGS4 almost all ) .
This does n't apply to porting , since the effort is put into creating an equal product on all platforms .
In the end , it is a really a test on a developer 's mettle .
Epic's Jeff Morris admitted that the PS3 was closer to a PC 's setup .
" You have to be disciplined and aggressive on where you optimize and how you organize it . "
Year one was difficult for companies developing on the PS3 , but the bumps have been faced and year two has looked great so far .
Epic 's been candid about how to overcome the hurdles of optimization , Insomniac has their R&D site , Naughty Dog has been open to sharing their development strategies and Sony sends out their own engineers to support other teams .
Quit hating .
And before I get called a " fanboy , " I own both a 360 and a PS3 and appreciate both consoles for different reasons ; but this is a PS3 argument so I have n't made any comparisons to the 360 .
I could , but I won't .
But that 's okay ; let 's continue throwing hate .
OLI ’s website has undergone a refresh , and so has the student registration process .
Watch the video to see how easily students can register with a Course Key .
Mercedes - Benz sells diesel versions of its SUVs and its mid-range E- class sedan in the United States .
Green driving , cheap driving .
More Videos Autos 36 month new 5.91 % 48 month new 5.98 % 60 month new 6.03 % 72 month new 3.78 % 36 month used 6.31 %
Find personalized rates :
Rates provided by Bankrate.com .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Diesel engines power half the passenger vehicles sold in Europe but almost none here .
Stricter U.S. clean air regulations have meant that - until recently - they were simply too dirty to be sold in the most populous U.S. states , including California , New York and New Jersey .
This virtual shut - out means that American drivers have little experience with modern diesel engines .
The last time diesel cars were sold here in any significant number was in the 1980s , and the ones we saw then were noisy , belched black smoke and were slow to move .
Recent survey data from Kelley Blue Book indicates that diesel perceptions have n't improved much .
In fact , views seem to be getting worse just as car companies are preparing to introduce us to better performing , cleaner diesel engines .
Interest in diesels among new car buyers is trending downward , according to Kelley Blue Book .
It now stands at 39 % compared to 60 % for gas - electric hybrids .
It 's even lower than consideration for hydrogen fuel cells , which are still decades away from hitting the market .
But a close look at seven common worries about diesel engines reveals that most of them do n't reflect today 's reality .
1 . I just do n't get the difference :
Like gasoline engines , diesels burn liquid fuel derived from petroleum .
But unlike gas engines , diesels do n't use a spark to ignite the fuel .
Instead , air is squeezed inside a hot cylinder .
At just the right time , fuel is squirted into the cylinder where it instantly ignites in the super - heated compressed air .
That releases energy that pushes the cylinder down , powering the vehicle .
That might seem like a minor difference - either way , stuff burns and pushes pistons - but it ultimately means that diesel engines behave differently from gas engines in a number of ways .
Diesels have mostly been used in trucks and trains which benefit from the engine 's low - speed pulling power and greater fuel efficiency .
Gas engines have traditionally been used in cars because they tend to be quieter , offer quicker acceleration and run more easily when cold .
But newer diesel engines are closing - and even eliminating - differences in these areas .
2. Diesel engines get worse fuel economy : Surprisingly , fewer than half of respondents in Kelley Blue Book 's survey agreed with the statement that diesels engines " are fuel efficient . "
Actually , that 's their main selling point .
Because of how the engine uses fuel - creating lots of power at low engine speeds - and because the fuel contains more energy per gallon , diesels get much better fuel economy than gas - powered cars .
In many cases , diesels get mileage similar to gasoline - hybrid cars of the same size and type .
3 . Diesels are old technology :
It 's true that diesel is an old engine technology .
Rudolf Diesel patented his engine design in the 1890s .
But the spark - ignited gas - powered engine that powers most of our cars is even older .
Like the gas engine , diesel has been undergoing a lot of improvements in the last few decades as fuel economy demands have increased , so a modern diesel engine is no less " modern " than anything else .
4. Diesel engines are noisy :
Old diesel engines used to make loud clanking and popping noises caused by the sudden , high - pressure ignition of fuel inside the engine .
Gas engines ignite fuel under pressure , too , but the much greater pressures used in diesels resulted in a popping and banging noises .
New diesels create a more gentle increase in pressure by injecting small amounts of fuel into the cylinder even as the piston is rising .
Those small ignitions are n't enough to push the piston back down , but they keep things warm and increase pressure slightly .
Then , when the piston reaches the top , a bigger push of fuel creates the big burst of energy that pushes the piston back down .
Another series of smaller fuel injections then keep the piston moving down , easing decompression .
The result is gentler , quieter combustion cycle that eliminates most of the noise .
5 . Diesel engines spew filth into the air :
This has been the real culprit keeping diesels out of the U.S. market .
America 's strict clean air rules simply could n't be met .
The extremely high temperatures and pressures inside diesel engines create nasty pollutants like nitrous oxides and so - called " diesel particulate matter . "
In order to get diesels to meet the same requirements as gas engines , car companies are now using a variety of emission cleaning technologies including filters and devices that release cleaning substances into the exhaust stream .
To make all this possible , gas stations that sell diesel fuel are now required to sell " ultra clean diesel " that has much less sulfur .
Sulfur used to be included to help lubricate the engine , but its presence would have interfered with these new emissions - cleaning technologies .
With that sulfur taken out , diesel exhaust can now be held to the same standards as gasoline exhaust .
6. Diesel - powered cars are slow :
While diesel engines have loads of pulling power - called torque - acceleration has been a traditional weak point .
All modern diesel engines now have turbochargers that provide additional boost , which has made a big difference in performance .
Diesels have a gentler take - off before the turbochargers start adding boost .
Once things get rolling , they can provide a surprising rush of acceleration .
Most drivers would never miss the performance of a gasoline - powered car .
In fact , diesel engines with less high - end power - or horsepower - can deliver similar , or even better , real - world performance .
7 . They cost too much :
While diesel offers a less technologically complex way to get hybrid - like fuel economy , it 's not without added costs .
Diesel engines cost more to make than gas engines because of the need to withstand high internal pressures , and because they require turbocharging to provide adequate performance .
Diesels also require expensive emission - cleaning technology .
Like gasoline / electric hybrid cars , diesel cars will cost American buyers thousands more than comparable gas - powered versions .
Diesels could make up much of that added cost in better resale value , though .
Diesel cars .
They hold their value much better than gas - powered cars or hybrids , according to Kelley Blue Book .
-- Bonus question :
Due to a strong reader response , we added this worry to the list :
Diesels are hard to start in cold weather :
Because they rely on engine heat and because diesel fuel tends to thicken in cold temperatures , diesels have traditionally been hard to start in cold temperatures .
Improvements in diesel engines and diesel fuels have helped eliminate these problems .
Like gasoline , diesel fuels are reformulated for cold weather .
Improved fuel injectors help by better " atomizing " the fuel , spraying out a fine mist that ignites more easily .
Newer " glow plugs " - internal heating elements that warm diesel engine cylinders - also heat up right away , providing quick starts even on cold days .
( CNN ) --
The liberal environmentalist Green Party nominated former Congresswoman Cynthia McKinney as its presidential candidate Saturday .
Cynthia McKinney represented a suburban Atlanta , Georgia , district for six terms as a Democrat .
McKinney , 53 , held off three rivals to win the party 's nomination during its convention in Chicago , Illinois .
She picked journalist and activist Rosa Clemente as her running mate .
Green Party spokeswoman Scott McLarty acknowledged McKinney was a " long shot " for the White House , but said , " Every vote that she gets helps the Green Party . "
" The United States needs an alternative party , " McLarty said .
" The narrow two - party system we have right now has not served us very well . "
McKinney represented a suburban district of Atlanta , Georgia , as a Democrat in the U.S. House of Representatives for six terms -- five consecutively .
First elected in 1992 , she lost a primary challenge in 2002 after suggesting in a radio interview that members of the Bush administration stood to profit from the war that followed the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on New York and Washington .
In 2004 she ran again and won with a low - key campaign in which she largely avoided controversy .
But voters ousted her again in 2006 after she was accused of a physical altercation with a U.S. Capitol Police officer who questioned her after failing to recognize her at a security checkpoint .
Do n't Miss Election Center 2008
The most successful Green Party presidential candidate was consumer advocate Ralph Nader , who drew nearly 3 percent of the vote in 2000 .
Nader is running again this year , this time as an independent .
Earlier this year , the Libertarian Party nominated McKinney 's onetime House colleague , ex-Republican congressman Bob Barr , as its presidential nominee .
Barr also represented a district in the Atlanta suburbs during his four terms in Congress .
CNN 's Brendan Gage contributed to this report .
All About Cynthia McKinney • Green Party
Movies : Major Art or Minor art ?
… but what about movies ?
Sooner or later , any copyright discussion seems to gravitate towards that question .
That ’s not strange , as there are several good reasons to regard the future of movies as much more uncertain than the probably quite bright future of music .
Before proceeding to the usual evaluation of business models , however , we should halt for a while and re-think what we mean by “ movies . ”
The comparison I just made between music and movies is highly problematic , in particular because music seems to be something of a generic human faculty , while moving pictures as an art form are not much older than a century .
Everyday use of the word “ movies ” tends not to include all artistic uses of moving pictures .
It usually refers specifically to the standardized format of the feature film .
Neither the art videos exhibited in galleries , nor the home videos of funny cats available on YouTube are included .
More importantly , the artistic use of moving pictures within computer games grows more and more refined .
At the same time many people — especially file - sharers — tend to prefer watching episodic narratives produced for television .
Accordingly , any intelligent discussion about copyright and movies must carefully define what it is that the law should safeguard .
Is it the artistic use of moving pictures in general , or is it the format of big - budget feature films under conditions established in the last century ?
In the early 1950s , Paul Oskar Kristeller published an extremely influential article in the Journal of the History of Ideas .
One passage is worth quoting at length for the purpose of this discussion :
There were important periods in cultural history when the novel , instrumental music , or canvas painting did not exist or have any importance .
On the other hand , the sonnet and the epic poem , stained glass and mosaic , fresco painting and book illumination , vase painting and tapestry , bas relief and pottery have all been “ major ” arts at various times and in a way they no longer are now .
Gardening has lost its standing as a fine art since the eighteenth century .
On the other hand , the moving picture is a good example of how new techniques may lead to modes of artistic expression for which the aestheticians of the eighteenth and nineteenth century had no place in their systems .
The branches of the arts all have their rise and decline , and even their birth and death .
In other words : “ Movies , ” in the narrow sense of the word commonly used today , will not remain a “ major ” art form forever .
It is fully possible that history books will write about them as a phenomenon whose golden age occurred roughly between years 1900 and 2000 .
That does not mean that no more feature films will be produced , or that movie theaters will cease to exist .
Compare them with opera , an art form which has obviously seen its best days , but nevertheless lives on , in its pure form largely tax - financed , but also as a living influence within popular culture as well as in experimental avant - garde arts .
Relegating “ movies ” from the status of a “ major art form ” to just a subdivision of a broader field of moving images does not necessarily mean discarding a whole century ’s artistic advances .
These creative developments can be carried further in music videos , in computer games , in ad - supported episodic video , and in other formats .
My friend Oscar Swartz , an economist and prominent Swedish blogger on information technologies , wrote earlier this year ( my translation ) :
Distribution of income might be very different compared to today .
Enormous production costs might not be possible to recover .
The movie industry might need to stop paying 20 million dollars to a Hollywood actor for one film .
Movie actors might be paid like theater actors are today .
Digital effects might be added to movies at a hangar in Inner Mongolia where low - paid Chinese are working day and night — just like in the textile industry — while some of the development of new technologies will stay in California .
The really big - budget blockbuster was perhaps a cultural form of expression which had its golden age in the 20th century , when monster - large film cameras cost a fortune to buy , when film was chemically processed , and when a few big stars could dominate a few media channels .
Of course , such a development will be resisted by Hollywood executives , some of whom might even call for a police state to protect what their worldview holds as an eternal art form .
It is however important to remember that illegal copying is not the only potential threat which new media brings to the elevated status of movies .
Another one is that people simply choose to spend their time on interactive games rather than on passive watching .
There is no need to try to predict the future of moving images in detail .
Looking at the numbers , Americans ’ spending at the box office keeps breaking records , as Tim Lee points out .
On the other hand , the blockbuster business industry has been centralizing in a very risky way , becoming extremely dependent on grabbing public attention during just one release week .
“ These days blockbusters form an orderly queue , rarely competing on the same weekend , ” The Economist wrote last year in an article pointing to a problem which should perhaps be as worrying as piracy for Hollywood executives : “ the rapid spread of opinion on the Internet [ … ] can quickly inform cinema - goers around the world if a film is a turkey . ”
Should copyright be designed as a support for creative endeavors in general ( whatever that means ) , or with respect to a defined list of broad art forms ( music , moving pictures , visual arts , etc ) — or should it take into consideration historically specific cultural forms ( jazz music , pantomime theater , music videos , etc ) ?
I do n’t have an answer , but more clarification on that point could reduce the confusion in many copyright discussions .
According to Kristeller , “ there is hardly any ground but critical tradition or philosophical preference ” for deciding whether an artistic practice is to be regarded as a separate art , or as a subdivision of a broader art form .
With that in mind , I would like to ask Tim Lee to define the extent to which it should be the task of copyright to solve the problems of “ underproduction of certain kinds of creative works . ”
Looking outside the field of moving pictures , which kinds of creative works are underproduced today ?
The Romans arranged re-enactments of famous sea battles at the Colosseum — a popular form of art , and a very costly one , which is hardly produced anymore .
But is this a problem of underproduction ?
An extreme example , of course .
But let ’s take the more recent example of live performing arts , which many — most notably economist William J. Baumol — thought were threatened with underproduction as a result of rationalization in general and reproduction technologies in particular .
What if , in the very long run , digital technologies are rather correcting that case of underproduction ?
Not a bright future for Hollywood , maybe .
But it could represent an artistic opportunity to diversify the uses of the moving image , and re-connect it to a sense of community , one which the movie theaters , after all , were rather poor at creating .
The golem , an artificial man made by moulding clay into the shape of a man and reciting spells over it , has been described by Isaac Bashevis Singer as “ the very essence of Jewish folklore ” .
Yet he has travelled far beyond the boundaries of Jewish folklore , starring on the silver screen and in Marvell comics , and inspiring novels and plays as well as an opera and a ballet .
Who is he , where did he come from and why do writers periodically return to this figure from the Kabbalistic mist of the ghetto ?
The word ‘ golem ’ means the unformed , or amorphous .
It is the matter which God shaped into the form of Adam , before breathing the breath of life into his nostrils .
The Kabbalah teaches that the virtuous ( not the mad or evil scientist ) can create in this way .
However , just as God cannot create another fully divine God , man cannot create another fully human man ( not without a woman anyway ) .
The golem always lacks a characteristic essential to true humanity , often , but not always , the power of speech .
The ‘ handbook ’ to creating a golem is the Sefer Yetzirah , or Book of Creation , which describes the letters of the Hebrew alphabet as the key to all creation .
Making a golem involves reciting combinations of letters derived from Sefer Yetzirah .
At least two Kabbalists saw the point of the ritual chanting as being the achievement of a state of ecstasy , and not creating life .
At any rate , in the Kabbalah , creating a golem is an end in itself .
It is the later legends that portray the golem as protector of the ghetto and manservant for the Sabbath ( Scholem ) .
A 16th century manuscript tells of Samuel the Pious , who created a mute golem that accompanied him on his travels and waited on him .
In 17th century Poland this servant becomes dangerous .
Another tale concerns Rabbi Elijah Baal Shem of Chełm ( d. 1583 ) .
Written in 1674 , it tells of the fasting that was necessary to create a ( mute ) golem which did the housework .
The word emeth ( ‘ truth ’ ) , written on its forehead , activated the golem , which grew steadily .
Rabbi Elijah 's grew so big he could not reach its forehead to rub out the letter aleph ( changing emeth into meth , ‘ death ’ ) .
Instead he commanded the golem to remove his boots and when he bent down he erased aleph and the golem turned to mud again , collapsing on and killing Elijah .
This is the ‘ classic ’ later golem myth , although the idea of writing emeth on the forehead is older than the Chełm story – 13th century Hasidic texts claim that it was written on Adam 's forehead ( Scholem ) .
Other versions have emeth sewn onto the arm , or written on a parchment and placed in the mouth ( in this case the trick to erasing aleph is kissing the golem ) .
Many versions of the myth concern Rabbi Loew of Prague , a respected figure in late 16th century Prague , who met with Rudolf II , otherwise famous for supporting Tycho Brahe and Kepler .
Rabbi Loew would deactivate his golem before the Sabbath every week but in some versions he forgets and the golem runs amok .
Loew tears away the shem , or name of God , and the golem collapses into dust , to be locked away into the attic of the Altneu Schul synagogue .
In the late 19th and early 20th century the golem became a popular figure in literature and cinema , thanks in particular to Gustav Meyrink 's novel Der Golem , which appeared in book form in 1915 , sold 200,000 copies and was filmed by Paul Wegener .
Wegener also made The Golem and the Dancing Girl , while Julius Szomoggi made a film called The Golem 's last Austrian Adventure , indicating how far the golem myth had come .
Also worth mentioning are Alois Jirasék 's version of the Rabbi Loew story , as told in Old Czech Legends of 1894 , a part of the Czech national awakening , as well as Chajim Bloch 's Der Prager Golem ( 1920 ) , in which he writes that some regarded the golem as the ghost of Rabbi Loew .
An electric man is created in Fritz Lang 's Metropolis ( 1926 ) , while in Otto Rippert 's film Homunculus ( 1916 ) an artificial man is created in a laboratory .
Max Ernst painted pictures of cyborgs with electricity flowing through them .
Writers from Alfred Bester and Isaac Asimov to Jorge Luis Borges and Bruno Schulz as well as , arguably , Mary Shelley and George Bernard Shaw have been attracted to the golem motif .
Singer , when asked why the interest in the golem , answered with a question : “ why not ? ” .
In the golem myth there is , he explained , the tension and suspense of the supernatural .
Forget those guys , McCain and Obama !
Ralph Nader 's campaign is now going after Rush Limbaugh , sending an open letter out today that claims the multimillionaire talk show host — with all those fancy cars I 've recently read about — is " making money on the public property of the American people , " the airwaves .
Full letter after the jump .
Rush Limbaugh
The Rush Limbaugh Show
2 Penn Plaza
New York , NY 10121
Dear Mr. Limbaugh ,
The Associated Press reports your new contract with Premiere Radio Networks will enrich you with at least $ 38 million a year over the next eight years .
You are making this money on the public property of the American people for which you pay no rent .
You , Rush Limbaugh , are on welfare .
As you know , the public airwaves belong to the American people .
The Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) is supposed to be our trustee in managing this property .
The people are the landlords and the radio and TV stations and affiliated companies are the tenants .
The problem is that since the Radio Act of 1927 these corporate tenants have been massively more powerful in Washington , DC than the tens of millions of listeners and viewers .
The result has been no payment of rent by the stations for the value of their license to broadcast .
You and your company are using the public 's valuable property for free .
This freeloading on the backs of the American people is called corporate welfare .
It is way past due for the super - rich capitalist — Rush Limbaugh from Cape Girardeau , Missouri — to get himself off big time welfare .
It is way past due for Rush Limbaugh as the Kingboy of corporatist radio to set a capitalist example for his peers and pay rent to the American people for the very lucrative use of their property .
You need not wait for the broadcast industry - indentured FCC and Congress to do the right thing .
You can lead by paying a voluntary rent — determined by a reputable appraisal organization — for the time you use on the hundreds of stations that carry your words each weekday .
Payment of rent for the use of public airwaves owned by the American people is the conservative position .
Real conservatives oppose corporate welfare .
Real corporatists feed voraciously from hundreds of billions of dollars in corporate welfare gushing out of Washington , DC yearly .
Whose side are you on ?
Freeloading ?
Or paying rent for the public property you have been using free for many years ?
I look forward to your response .
Sincerely yours ,
Ralph Nader
comments closed
permalink
Arab governments are deeply worried about the prospect of war between Iran and Israel and / or the US for the very good reason that several of them would be directly in the firing line if hostilities erupted .
Any fallout could have devastating consequences .
Iranian retaliation against oilfields , refineries and desalination plants in the Gulf , especially in eastern Saudi Arabia , is an obvious worry .
Tehran has gone on the record as threatening to close the Straits of Hormuz , the choke point for 40 % of globally - traded oil , if it is attacked .
Washington quickly insisted that it will not let that happen .
As the sabres rattled this week , Iran warned that it would strike at Tel Aviv and the US navy , though Revolutionary Guard Shehab missiles would find it difficult to distinguish between American and Arab targets : the US Fifth Fleet is based in Bahrain ; US Central Command in nearby Qatar and the US navy has long relied on docking facilities at Jebel Ali in the United Arab Emirates .
Even without the threat of war , Iran 's Arab neighbours have long lived in fear of another Chernobyl : the Bushehr nuclear reactor , two miles from the Gulf coast , is closer to six Arab capitals ( Kuwait , Riyadh , Manama , Doha , Abu Dhabi and Muscat ) than it is to Tehran .
Any nuclear accident would be an ecological disaster .
But the recent sniping has been ominous .
" We are sandwiched between Iran on the one hand and Israel and the US on the other , " said Mustafa Alani of the Gulf Research Centre in Dubai .
" We feel that we are going to be victims . "
Abdullah Alshayji , a Kuwaiti analyst , agrees , describing the Gulf states as " feeling like helpless bystanders with little room to manoeuvre " .
War would be " a nightmare of epic proportions for the whole region , " he said .
And Tehran is mistrusted in almost every Arab capital .
None believe the insistent claim that it is interested only in civilian nuclear power and has no military ambitions .
It is seen as working to establish its hegemony across the Middle East , setting the agenda through allies or " non-state " proxies such as Hizbullah and Hamas , confounding the US and Israel in Iraq , Lebanon and Palestine .
Syria , Iran 's only Arab ally , is the glaring exception , maintaining a strategic relationship that dates back to the 1979 Islamic Revolution .
Maverick Qatar , home to al - Jazeera as well as a huge US air base , has been careful to stay on good terms with Tehran , not least because of massive joint natural gas projects .
Otherwise Arab states are united in their suspicion of the country they fervently hoped to see defeated by Saddam Hussein in his eight - year struggle against Ayatollah Khomeini .
Historic Arab antipathy to Persians still runs very deep .
And vice versa .
The sight of long - range Iranian missiles being launched into desert skies was a grim reminder of that war against Saddam .
But Arabs already see Iran as the main beneficiary of the more recent conflict in Iraq , with the Sunnis defeated and marginalised by the Shia - dominated government in Baghdad — even if there are now signs of grudging acceptance that it is there to stay .
Public statements by Arab leaders make clear that they oppose military action by Israel or the United States .
The six - member Gulf Cooperation Council has declared that it would not allow its territory to be used to attack Iran — and even hosted Iran 's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad at its summit late last year .
Saudi Arabia , where some military men are said to be privately advocating a hardline stance towards Iran , has chosen the path of accommodation rather than confrontation .
King Abdullah made a symbolic public declaration of this policy last year when he invited Ahmadinejad to go on the hajj pilgrimage to Mecca .
Bahrain , just a few miles across the Gulf from Iran , has anxieties over so - called Iranian " sleeper cells " amongst its restive Shias - the majority of the population in the Sunni-ruled kingdom .
But it too favours engagement and diplomacy — and worries about conflict .
The same is true of Kuwait , at the head of the Gulf .
Further afield , Jordan 's King Abdullah , who coined the phrase " Shia crescent " to describe the alarming spread of Sunni - Shia sectarianism , warned recently that action against Iran would open a " Pandora 's box " .
His recommendation : " Engage with the Iranians .
A military strike in Iran will only solicit a reaction from Iran and Iranian proxies , and I do n't think that we can live with any more conflicts in this part of the world . "
Privately , things may be different : " If we have to choose between Iranian nuclear deterrence and intimidation , or accept military action as a solution , we 'll accept military action , " says Alani .
" We in the Gulf can live with Iranian retaliation for a week or a month .
That 's manageable compared to the possibility that Iran will be a nuclear power . "
Israel , waging an intensifying propaganda campaign over Iran - and seeking to coax Syria away from its alliance with Tehran - likes to claim that " moderate " Arab states would support an attack on Iran 's nuclear installations , though passive acquiescence is not the same as active support .
" We would not be participants , " Alani says of the Gulf states .
" We would be beneficiaries .
But no one will say this in public .
We do n't want premature confrontation because we still believe there is a margin for a diplomatic solution . "
Still , there is no mistaking the anxiety in the region .
" Perhaps the objective of Iran 's frequent threats is to stir up fear amongst the Gulf states over the repercussions of any US strike against it so that they it turn may pressure Washington into preventing any military action , " observed Abdul Rahman Al - Rashed in the Saudi - owned al - Sharq al - Awsat .
" But this is having an opposite effect from the desired one . "
That buying and repackaging is the lifeblood of the American housing economy , because it provides the capital that banks and other financial institutions use to write new loans .
As long as investors are confident that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are relatively financially healthy , then companies , banks and other institutions will continue lending them billions of dollars each week .
But , as the companies ’ stock prices decline , wary investors have begun charging higher premiums for those loans .
Since January , that premium , measured by the difference between what the companies pay for debt and what the United States government pays , has more than doubled , to nearly nine - tenths of a percentage point for Fannie Mae .
Spread over billions of dollars in borrowing , that increase will cost the companies dearly .
If that spread ever became too pronounced , Fannie and Freddie could end up in the disastrous situation of paying so much for loans that it would become unprofitable for them to borrow .
It has happened before : as interest rates soared in the 1980s , Fannie Mae ’s borrowing costs rose above what it was earning on its mortgages , and the company lost $ 1 million a day before it was able to right itself .
Should that happen again , Fannie and Freddie could suspend buying some loans  which could bring much of the American housing economy to a standstill .
Or the companies could continue doing business , but losing money on many of their deals , which would continue to undermine investors ’ confidence in the stocks .
Another risk is that , as investors lose confidence in Fannie and Freddie , buyers will begin demanding discounts on the repackaged loans the companies sell .
Those repackaged loans , known as mortgage backed securities , are guaranteed by Fannie and Freddie .
As the companies ’ stock prices fall and their financial health declines , investors may become worried that Fannie and Freddie cannot honor those guarantees .
Investors might therefore demand prices that are too low for Fannie , Freddie and banks to make any money on the deals .
In which case , banks may simply stop creating new loans .
More consumers are going online to look up information about medications , and they 're more likely to click on prescription drug ads they find there , a new survey about direct - to - consumer ads in the pharmaceutical industry found .
Some 53 percent of consumers use the internet to get prescription drug information , compared with 41 percent a year ago , according to the annual survey by Prevention , Men 's Health and Women 's Health magazines .
Some 10 percent of those online information seekers have clicked on a banner ad for a specific drug , double the percentage from a year ago .
" Along with the doctor and pharmacist , the online component has become the third leg of the stool as consumers learn about drugs , " said Cary Silvers , director of consumer insights at Rodale , publisher of the three health - related magazines that sponsored the survey .
More than 1,500 people were polled in March for the survey by Princeton Survey Research Associates .
Some of the other findings :
- Some 75 percent of consumers do not think a doctor 's presence in an ad makes a drug seem more effective .
- Some 63 percent of consumers notice brochures or posters about prescription drugs in their doctor 's offices .
- Some 77 percent of consumers who saw an ad for a drug and specifically asked for it were given a prescription for the treatment by their doctor .
- Some 56 percent of consumers said they do not follow news stories about drug companies .
Global growth expected
Although facing its share of difficulties , the global pharmaceutical industry remains a growth engine that will reach $ 1 trillion in revenue by 2013 , according to a new market research report .
Massachusetts - based BCC Research said the global market for pharmaceuticals was worth $ 693.6 billion in 2007 , and it is expected to increase to $ 737.6 billion in 2008 and top $ 1 trillion in 2013 .
Branded prescription drugs had the largest share of the market last year , with $ 525.1 billion in sales , and is expected to grow to $ 553.2 billion in 2008 and $ 741.5 billion by the end of 2013 , the report said .
The second - largest segment , generic prescription drugs , is projected to experience the highest growth rate .
Worth $ 78.5 billion in 2007 and an estimated $ 88.7 billion in 2008 , it will reach $ 151.4 billion worldwide by the end of 2013 .
The over - the - counter drug segment , which was worth $ 90 billion in 2007 , should increase to $ 95.7 billion in 2008 and reach $ 135.1 billion in 2013 , according to the report .
" The worldwide pharmaceutical industry remains one of the most profitable and stable industries , " the report said .
Iraq Oil Deals Fulfill Cheney 's Goals
Two years before the invasion of Iraq , oil executives and foreign policy advisers told the Bush administration that the United States would remain “ a prisoner of its energy dilemma ” as long as Saddam Hussein was in power .
Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly That April 2001 report , “ Strategic Policy Challenges for the 21st Century , ” was prepared by the James A. Baker Institute for Public Policy and the U.S. Council on Foreign Relations at the request of Vice President Dick Cheney .
In retrospect , it appears that the report helped focus administration thinking on why it made geopolitical sense to oust Hussein , whose country sat on the world ’s second largest oil reserves .
“ Iraq remains a de-stabilizing influence to the flow of oil to international markets from the Middle East , ” the report said .
“ Saddam Hussein has also demonstrated a willingness to threaten to use the oil weapon and to use his own export program to manipulate oil markets .
Therefore the U.S. should conduct an immediate policy review toward Iraq including military , energy , economic and political / diplomatic assessments . ”
The advisory committee that helped prepare the report included Luis Giusti , a Shell Corp. non-executive director ; John Manzoni , regional president of British Petroleum ; and David O'Reilly , chief executive of ChevronTexaco .
Those companies now stand to earn tens of billions of dollars in no -bid contracts in a U.S. - brokered deal that was recently announced to drill Iraq ’s untapped oil fields .
James Baker , the namesake for the public policy institute , was a prominent oil industry lawyer who also served as Secretary of State under President George H.W. Bush and was counsel to the Bush / Cheney campaign during the Florida recount in 2000 .
Ken Lay , then chairman of the energy - trading Enron Corp. , also made recommendations that were included in the Baker report .
At the time of the report , Cheney was leading an energy task force made up of powerful industry executives who assisted him in drafting a comprehensive “ National Energy Policy ” for President George W. Bush .
A Focus on Oil
It was believed then that Cheney ’s secretive task force was focusing on ways to reduce environmental regulations and fend off the Kyoto protocol on global warming .
But Bush ’s first Treasury Secretary , Paul O’Neill , later described a White House interest in invading Iraq and controlling its vast oil reserves , dating back to the first days of the Bush presidency .
In Ron Suskind ’s 2004 book , The Price of Loyalty , O’Neill said an invasion of Iraq was on the agenda at the first National Security Council .
There was even a map for a post - war occupation , marking out how Iraq ’s oil fields would be carved up .
O’Neill said even at that early date , the message from Bush was “ find a way to do this , ” according to O’Neill , a critic of the Iraq invasion who was forced out of his job in December 2002 .
The New Yorker ’s Jane Mayer later made another discovery : a secret NSC document dated Feb.
3 , 2001 – only two weeks after Bush took office – instructing NSC officials to cooperate with Cheney ’s task force , which was “ melding ” two previously unrelated areas of policy : “ the review of operational policies towards rogue states ” and “ actions regarding the capture of new and existing oil and gas fields . ”
[ The New Yorker , Feb. 16 , 2004 ]
By March 2001 , Cheney ’s task force had prepared a set of documents with a map of Iraqi oilfields , pipelines , refineries and terminals , as well as two charts detailing Iraqi oil and gas projects , and a list titled “ Foreign Suitors for Iraqi Oilfield Contracts , ” according to information released in July 2003 under a Freedom of Information
Act lawsuit filed by the conservative watchdog group , Judicial Watch .
A Commerce Department spokesman issued a brief statement when those documents were released stating that Cheney ’s energy task force " evaluated regions of the world that are vital to global energy supply . "
There has long been speculation that a key reason why Cheney fought so hard to keep his task force documents secret was that they may have included information about the administration ’s plans toward Iraq .
‘ Conspiracy Theory ’
However , both before and after the invasion , much of the U.S. political press treated the notion that oil was a motive for invading Iraq in March 2003 as a laughable conspiracy theory .
Generally , business news outlets were much more frank about the real - politick importance of Iraq ’s oil fields .
For instance , Ray Rodon , a former executive at Halliburton , the oil - service giant that Cheney once headed , said he was dispatched to Iraq in October 2002 to assess the country ’s oil infrastructure and map out plans for operating Iraq ’s oil industry , according to an April 14 , 2003 story in Fortune magazine .
“ From behind the obsidian mirrors of his wraparound sunglasses , Ray Rodon surveys the vast desert landscape of southern Iraq 's Rumailah oilfield , ” Fortune ’s story said .
“ A project manager with Halliburton 's engineering and construction division , Kellogg Brown & Root , Rodon has spent months preparing for the daunting task of repairing Iraq 's oil industry . ”
“ Working first at headquarters in Houston and then out of a hotel room in Kuwait City , he has studied the intricacies of the Iraqi national oil company , even reviewing the firm 's organizational charts so that Halliburton and the Army can ascertain which Iraqis are reliable technocrats and which are Saddam loyalists . ”
At about the same time as Rodon ’s trip to Iraq – October 2002 – Oil and Gas International , an industry publication , reported that the State Department and the Pentagon had put together pre-war planning groups that focused heavily on protecting Iraq ’s oil infrastructure .
The next month , November 2002 , the Department of Defense recommended that the Army Corps of Engineers award a contract to Kellogg , Brown & Root to extinguish Iraqi oil well fires .
The contract also called for “ assessing the condition of oil - related infrastructure ; cleaning up oil spills or other environmental damage at oil facilities ; engineering design and repair or reconstruction of damaged infrastructure ; assisting in making facilities operational ; distribution of petroleum products ; and assisting the Iraqis in resuming Iraqi oil company operations . ”
In January 2003 , as President Bush was presenting the looming war with Iraq as necessary to protect Americans , the Wall Street Journal reported that oil industry executives met with Cheney 's staff to plan the post - war revival of Iraq 's oil industry .
“ Facing a possible war with Iraq , U.S. oil companies are starting to prepare for the day when they may get a chance to work in one of the world 's most oil - rich countries , ” the Journal reported on Jan. 16 , 2003 .
“ Executives of U.S. oil companies are conferring with officials from the White House , the Department of Defense and the State Department to figure out how best to jump - start Iraq 's oil industry following a war , industry officials say .
“ The Bush administration is eager to secure Iraq 's oil fields and rehabilitate them , industry officials say .
They say Mr. Cheney 's staff hosted an informational meeting with industry executives in October [ 2002 ] , with Exxon Mobil Corp. , ChevronTexaco Corp. , ConocoPhillips and Halliburton among the companies represented .
“ Both the Bush administration and the companies say such a meeting never took place .
Since then , industry officials say , the Bush administration has sought input , formally and informally , from executives and industry experts on how best to overhaul Iraq 's oil sector . ”
Guarding the Oil Ministry Despite the Bush administration ’s denials about oil as a motivation for war , the Bush administration ’s focus on Iraqi oil was firmly set .
On April 5 , 2003 , Reuters reported that the State Department 's “ Future of Iraq ” project headed by Thomas Warrick , special adviser to the Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern Affairs , held its fourth meeting of the oil and energy - working group .
Documents obtained by Reuters showed that “ a clear consensus among expert opinion favoring production - sharing agreements to attract the major oil companies . ”
“ That is likely to thrill oil companies harboring hopes of lucrative contracts to develop Iraqi oil reserves , ” the news agency reported .
“ Short - term rehabilitation of southern Iraqi oil fields already is under way , with oil well fires being extinguished by U.S. contractor Kellogg Brown and Root … “ Long - term contracts are expected to see U.S. companies ExxonMobil , ChevronTexaco and ConocoPhillips compete with Anglo - Dutch Shell , Britain 's BP , TotalFinaElf of France , Russia 's LUKOIL and Chinese state companies . ”
After U.S. troops captured Baghdad in April 2003 , they were ordered to protect the Oil Ministry even as looters ransacked priceless antiquities from Iraq ’s national museums and stole explosives from unguarded military arsenals .
Now , the long - held dreams of U.S. dominance over the Iraqi oil spigot now seem close to fulfillment .
Last weekend ,
The New York Times reported that State and Commerce department officials have been secretly working with Iraq ’s Oil Ministry in drawing up contracts between the Iraqi government and Western oil companies to develop Iraq ’s oil fields .
Unacceptable Options
This outcome for U.S. and other Western oil companies now appears to have been foretold by the Baker Institute report more than seven years ago .
In April 2001 , the report laid out a series of unacceptable options , including helping Iraq under Saddam Hussein extract more oil by easing embargoes that were meant to hem Hussein in .
“ The U.S. could consider reducing restrictions on oil investment inside Iraq , ” the report said .
But if Hussein ’s “ access to oil revenues was to be increased by adjustments in oil sanctions , Saddam Hussein could be a greater security threat to U.S. allies in the region if weapons of mass destruction , sanctions , weapons regimes and the coalition against him are not strengthened . ”
Iraq is a “ key swing producer turning its taps on and off when it has felt such action was in its strategic interest , ” the report said , adding that there even was a ' ' possibility that Saddam Hussein may remove Iraqi oil from the market for an extended period of time '' in order to drive up prices .
“ Under this scenario , the United States remains a prisoner of its energy dilemma , suffering on a recurring basis from the negative consequences of sporadic energy shortages , ” the report said .
“ These consequences can include recession , social dislocation of the poorest Americans , and at the extremes , a need for military intervention . ”
The report recommended Cheney move swiftly to integrate energy and national security policy as a means to stop '' manipulations of markets by any state ” and suggested that his task force include “ representation from the Department of Defense . ”
“ Unless the United States assumes a leadership role in the formation of new rules of the game , '' the report said , '' U.S. firms , U.S. consumers and the U.S. government [ will be left ] in a weaker position . ”
Two years after the Baker report , the United States – along with Great Britain and other allies – invaded Iraq .
Now , more than five years after that , with Hussein dead and a U.S. expeditionary force still occupying Iraq , the U.S. oil industry finally appears to be in a strong position relative to Iraq ’s oil riches .
However , the price that has been paid by American troops , Iraqi civilians and the U.S. taxpayers has been enormous .
Jason Leopold has launched a new Web site , The Public Record , at www.pubrecord.org
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
In June 2008 , Valve invited journalists to its offices to talk about the future of PC gaming and we published this article recounting the experience .
Looking back six years later , it 's fascinating to think how dramatic each prediction felt at the time and yet how so many of them turned out to be conservative .
Facts and figures are obviously out of date , but otherwise it 's still a great insight into how Valve thinks - and what it thinks about .
When Valve summoned a handful of US and UK journalists to its Seattle headquarters at the end of last month , it promised to talk about the future of Steam , its digital distribution system .
That it did , revealing the ambitious Steam Cloud service for remote storage of game data , and boasting that it would soon be making more money selling games digitally , all the while remaining untroubled by piracy .
Valve mastermind Gabe Newell and his cohorts had an ulterior motive for bringing reporters together , however , and unusually for an ulterior motive , it was n't a wholly self - interested one .
It was this : to evangelise the PC as the games platform of the future .
" This really should be done by a company like Intel or Microsoft , somebody who 's a lot more central to the PC , " says Newell , pointing out that companies like Blizzard , PopCap and GameTap would have just as much to say as Valve about how PC gaming is leading innovation in technology , business models , and community - building .
But , notwithstanding Microsoft 's occasional promotion of Games For Windows - an initiative Newell refrains from attacking directly , but exudes disdain for - that support has not been forthcoming .
Although all consoles now offer download services and support for indie game development , Audiosurf 's creator believes his game could only have happened on PC .
Where console platforms have merciless and well - funded PR armies poised to combat any criticism , negative stories about the PC - mostly publishers , or developers like Crytek , complaining of rampant piracy and flat sales - run unimpeded .
Sales data that focuses solely on boxed copies sold at retail appear to back them up .
Valve has had enough .
" There 's a perception problem , " says Newell .
" The stories that are getting written are not reflecting what is really going on . "
You want figures ?
There are 260 million online PC gamers , a market that dwarfs the install base of any console platform , online or offline .
Each year , 255 million new PCs are made ; not all of them for gaming , it 's true , but Newell argues that the enormous capital investment and economies of scale involved in this huge market ensure that PCs remain at the cutting edge of hardware development , and consoles their " stepchildren " , in connectivity and graphics technology especially .
Meanwhile , Valve 's business development guru , Jason Holtman , notes that without the pressure of cyclical hardware cycles , PC gaming projects - he points to Steam as an example - can grow organically , over long periods of time , and with no ceiling whatsoever to their potential audiences .
" If you look into the future , there 's an important transition that 's about to happen , and it 's going to happen on the PC first . "
Gabe Newell
More pertinent , perhaps , are the figures directly relating to games revenue that the retail charts - admittedly a stale procession of Sims expansions and under - performing console ports - do n't pick up .
" If you look into the future , there 's an important transition that 's about to happen , and it 's going to happen on the PC first , " says Newell .
At its heart , he explains , is a shift from viewing games as a physical product , to viewing them as a service - something that is also happening in other entertainment media .
Digital distribution is part of that ; more fluid and varied forms of game development , with games that change and engage their communities of players over time , are another ; as is , naturally , the persistence and subscription ( or otherwise ) revenues of MMO games .
None of this is reflected in the sales charts analysts , executives - and gamers - obsess over .
Valve sees 200 per cent growth in these alternative channels - not just Steam , but including the likes of cyber - cafes as well - versus less than 10 per cent in bricks - and - mortar shop sales .
Steam has a 15 million - strong player - base with 1.25 million peak concurrent users , and 191 per cent annual growth ; none too far off a console platform in itself .
The PC casual games market , driven by the likes of PopCap , has gone from next to nothing to USD 1.5 billion dollar industry in under ten years , and has doubled in size in just three .
Perhaps most surprisingly , Valve has found that digital distribution does n't cannibalise retail sales - in fact , a free Day of Defeat weekend on Steam created more new retail sales than online ones .
Valve is continuing to produce its Team Fortress 2 promo videos because they continue to increase sales .
With online distribution , there 's no reason to stop promoting a game after launch .
And then there is the game that many claim has been the death of PC gaming , but that Valve sees as its greatest success story , and its future .
" Until recently , the fact that World of Warcraft was generating 120 million dollars in gross revenue on a monthly basis was completely off the books , " Newell says .
" Essentially , [ Blizzard is ] creating a new Iron Man every month , in terms of the gross revenue they 're generating as a studio .
Any movie studio would be shouting about that from the rooftops .
But it was essentially invisible . "
Newell thinks that WOW is " arguably the most valuable entertainment franchise in any media right now " , and also believes , rightly , that it could only ever have happened on the PC .
He also tips his hat to South Korea 's Nexxon for its enormous success with free - to - play , microtransaction - driven games like Kart Rider and Maple Story , soon to be aped by EA 's Battlefield Heroes .
There is another reason for the gulf between the perception and the reality of the games market , Valve thinks , and it's a geographical and linguistic one .
The dominance of the English language gives the US and UK games markets , where the PC is weakest , undue prominence .
In several major Western markets - notably Germany and the Nordic countries - the PC performs much better .
What 's more , in the emerging markets of China , Korea and Russia , where gaming is seeing unprecedented , explosive growth , console install bases are negligible , and the PC is king .
Valve thinks that there 's a silent majority of global gamers who are skipping the console era entirely , the way these developing nations already skipped dial - up internet .
Steam is available in 21 languages for this reason , and Valve reckons that its speedy localisation and lack of physical distribution is an effective counter to the piracy common in these markets .
It 's also allowing Valve to get games to players in regions traditional channels do n't support .
" PC's are everywhere in the world , " says Holtman simply .
" PC's are the same all over the world .
All of sudden , if you can open up emerging markets and go somewhere like Russia or South East Asia , you 've gone way further than you can go with a closed console .
There are 17 million PC gaming customers in Russia alone . "
A key shift in this brave new world of games as services rather than products - and one that runs contrary to the traditional image of PC gaming - is a move away from graphical fidelity being the yardstick of progress .
" As a company that 's really proud of the job we do with graphics it 's funny to say this , " Newell says , " but we get a better return right now by focusing on those features and technologies that are about community , about connecting people together . "
Newell believes WOW : Wrath of the Lich King shipping " will have a larger impact on moving the PC forward as a gaming platform " than initiatives such as the Gaming Alliance .
He cites easy uploading of gameplay videos to YouTube as a bigger source of entertainment value than marginal improvements in graphics .
" I think that people thinking about how to generate web hits on their servers are a lot closer to the right mentality for what 's going to be successful in entertainment going forward , than somebody that 's used to having conversations about how to get end caps at Best Buy . "
The revolution in distribution and business models also offers a major new opportunity for smaller games - and smaller games developers - to thrive .
The demands of retail - the logistical problems of getting boxes to shops , and the budgetary drain of huge marketing campaigns - mean that bigger is necessarily better in the traditional games market .
" You 're getting back to an area where smaller and smaller groups can connect with customers .
I think you 're going to find that the enjoyment of being in the game industry as a developer on the PC is a lot greater than outside of it . "
Gabe Newell
Not so on Steam and its equivalents , says Valve , pointing to the huge success of indie darling Audiosurf , as well as its own Portal .
" As you move away from that huge first weekend , big blockbuster mentality , " says Newell , " you 're getting back to an area where smaller and smaller groups can connect with customers .
I think you 're going to find that the enjoyment of being in the game industry as a developer on the PC is a lot greater than outside of it . "
He 's backed up by an actual indie , Audiosurf creator Dylan Fitterer .
This one - man development , created without financial backing - impossible on consoles , due to the cost of development kits - was the best - selling game on Steam full - stop at its release , outclassing many big - budget titles .
" I did n't have to ask anybody if I could release it , except for my wife , " Fitterer says .
" It took a few years , and I was pretty darn tired by the time it was ready .
Something like certifications ?
No thanks . "
He also points out the tight limitations of console servers versus PC servers for online gaming ; Audiosurf 's scoreboard for every song ever recorded would be out of the question on a closed platform .
Holtman argues that Steam and Steamworks - the suite of free tools it offers - revolutionise the environment for developers and publishers .
The auto - updating system means that a game can be developed right up to release and beyond .
It eases painful crunch times , and allows game makers to respond to their audiences , publishers to develop their titles as continuously evolving franchises rather than finite products .
" All of a sudden , PC games become this thing that 's reliable and up - to - date , " says Holtman .
Team Fortress 2 designer Robin Walker weighs in , noting that the PC version of the shooter has had no less than 53 updates since its release last year - something that certification cost and time have prohibited for on console - and that this " ship continuously " ethos is a key component to the success of the best multiplayer titles .
Steam , he says , makes that process fast and transparent .
Crysis ' low sales and endemic piracy was interpreted by many as a death knell for the PC , but Valve thinks it could have been avoided .
" I do n't want anyone between me and my customers , " says Walker .
" I want to write code today and I want all my customers running it tomorrow . "
Possible on the PC - Steam in particular , naturally .
Not possible on consoles .
For his part , Fitterer added achievements to Audiosurf in a total of two days .
This constant iteration creates a feedback loop between developer and customer that , reckons Walker , can only improve the quality of the game .
" The more I talk to my customers , the better my decisions will be .
Without a system of talking to my customers , I will make bad decisions . "
DIY or die
Why people are still making NES games .
The implication is a striking one : sporadic , excessively controlled updating means that console multiplayer games will never reach the heights of their PC counterparts .
There is a counter - argument - that PC games descend into a poorly defined , indistinct mess of constant patching - but it is effectively squashed by the fact that , if you look for a multiplayer game with the longevity and massive popularity of a WOW or a Counter - Strike on console , you wo n't find one ( with the very arguable exception of Halo ) .
Auto - updating is the reason Valve created Steam in the first place .
It 's the reason it now finds itself in an odd position for a developer : semi-publisher , leading distributor , market analyst , agony uncle and technocrat - not to mention defender of a platform that 's still being proclaimed dead , when all signs point to the very opposite .
At the end of the day , PC gaming 's health - and its trickiest challenge - comes down to a bottom line that even the format 's detractors can't refute : there are just so many of the damn things .
" We think the number of connected PC gamers we are selling our products to dwarf the current generation of consoles put together , " states Newell .
" There are tremendous opportunities in figuring out how to reach out to those customers . "
A Century of Pictures
The 100th anniversary of photography in The Age .
News Story
Alan Attwood - Being There
Credits
Producer : Viki Lascaris
Picture Editing : Leigh Henningham & Monica Simpson
Design : Janna Mamar
A pediatrician goes over testing options that are available for children .
Also , how do you know if your kid needs to get tested or just has a runny nose ?
Dr. Alana explains .
6 hours ago
May 29 , 2008
Rina Castelnuovo for The New York Times
The wall that separates G.ho.st 's Palestinian office in Ramallah from its office in the central Israeli town of Modiin .
David Shrigley : ' A few years ago I went to St Moritz in Switzerland .
I decided to build a non-conformist snowman .
When the art collector who owned the hotel saw it he became very excited that I had created an artwork in the grounds of his hotel .
I had to explain that it was not an artwork - it was just a snowman .
It ’s an easy mistake to make '
( via CR blog )
The View co-host brings up Prescott Bush 's Nazi ties David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Tuesday May 20 , 2008
|
Print This Email This When host Whoopi Goldberg raised the issue of George W. Bush 's comparing anyone who wants to talk to Iran or Syria with the appeasers of Nazi Germany on Monday 's edition of ABC's The View , the panel erupted into furious debate .
Conservative Elizabeth Hasselbeck repeatedly attempted to question whether Bush 's remarks were really aimed at Barack Obama .
She insisted , " It 's not always about him , " and suggested Obama is being defensive because he knows his support for talks with Iran is a weak spot .
" I think the president was very clear in what he meant , " Goldberg replied tartly .
" The Bush administration is out there talking to North Korea , talking to Syria , " noted liberal Joy Behar .
" Is n't that what diplomacy is about ?
This guy does n't know the difference between the word ' diplomacy ' and ' appeasement . '
He 's just stupid . "
" One more point , " continued Behar , pulling out a prepared statement .
" It 's very interesting and ironic that George Bush , Senior 's -- er , George Bush , this one -- his grandfather -- this one -- the late -- I do n't like to speak ill of the dead , but in this case it 's fun -- he was a United States senator , Prescott Bush .
Okay -- he was a director and shareholder of companies that profited from their involvement with the financial backers of Nazi Germany . "
" This is his grandfather , " Behar continued .
" He has no business talking to Jewish people when he 's got this right in his backyard . "
" How come you can bring up this backyard but then it's not alright to dig into Obama 's backyard and family history ? " was all the flustered Hasselbeck could find to say .
RAW STORY 's Larisa Alexandrovna also cited the Prescott Bush connection last week .
In her blog , at - Largely , she wrote : Dear Mr. Bush ,
Your speech on the Knesset floor today was not only a disgrace ; it was nothing short of treachery .
Worse still , your exploitation of the Holocaust in a country carved out of the wounds of that very crime , in order to strike a low blow at American citizens whose politics differs from your own is unforgivable and unpardonable .
...
Well Mr. Bush , the only thing this comment lacked was a mirror and some historical facts .
You want to discuss the crimes of Nazis against my family and millions of other families in Europe during World War II ?
Let me revive a favorite phrase of yours : Bring .
It .
On !
Your family 's fortune is built on the bones of the very people butchered by the Nazis , my family and the families of those in the Knesset who applauded you today .
...
You family did not stop with supporting fascists and Nazis abroad , did they Mr. Bush ?
Surely you must know of your grandfather 's role in the treasonous plot of 1933 to overthrow democracy in America ?
Let me remind you .
Grandpa Bush - that is to say , your grandfather - wanted fascism imported into the United States , or as you now call this type of transformation , " exporting democracy . "
Prescott went so far as to subsidize a coup attempt in order to achieve his dream of a fascist America .
This video is from ABC's The View , broadcast May 19 , 2008 .
Download video
escher + legos
All your escher favorites , rendered using everyone 's favorite childhood toys .
The links include the descriptions of how each piece was built , and what geometric or camera trickery was involved .
relativity | belvedere | ascending | waterfall
Thanks go out to guille for the links !
Posted by jheer at September 29 , 2003 03:32 PM
Morgan Stanley , the big U.S. investment bank , will build a $ 200 - million high - tech centre in Montreal to support its New York - based global operations , it announced Thursday .
Up to 500 jobs will be created .
" We look forward to growing our platform here to complement our existing technology and business services centres around the world , " said Jim Rosenthal , a managing director at Morgan Stanley .
The announcement came at a news conference attended by Quebec Premier Jean Charest and the province 's Finance Minister , Monique Jerome - Forget .
Jerome - Forget said the province will give the company up to $ 60 million in tax credits over the next six years — an investment she said will pay big dividends .
" The difference in productivity is largely due to information technology and we felt that it was a wise move to move in that direction to make sure that Canada , certainly Quebec , becomes more productive , " she told reporters .
Morgan Stanley 's Rosenthal said it was the tax credits that made the new centre possible .
Morgan Stanley said it plans to hire mathematicians and computer science engineers .
It 's now looking for a location .
The investment bank has other technology centres in Budapest , Glasgow , India and Shanghai .
RELATED RESOURCES
Legal issues on discrimination Retaliation for discrimination claims is prohibited EEOC investigates discrimination claims
Young workers say their age holds them back By Stephanie Armour , USA TODAY After Jeremy Pepper was laid off from a marketing firm , he became discouraged by the job hunt .
Unable to land a good position , Pepper began to suspect his age was keeping him from getting work .
But not because he 's too old .
Pepper , 31 , believes companies wo n't hire him because he 's too young .
" I know it sounds like Generation X whining , but this discrimination is real , " says Pepper of Scottsdale , Ariz. , who started his own firm , Pop Public Relations , in May .
" It 's just as big a problem for younger workers as for those who are older .
Discrimination swings both ways . "
It 's not just gray - haired employees complaining about discrimination anymore .
In this tepid economy , some workers in their 20s and 30s say their age is being unfairly held against them , and new legal developments mean more reverse age discrimination claims may soon be ending up in court .
Blame such complaints in part on the jobless recovery .
As jobs dwindle , younger workers are competing with older hires for work — and they say they 're losing out .
The unemployment rate for workers ages 25 to 34 was 6.3 % in September , eclipsing the 3.9 % rate for employees 55 and older , according to the Department of Labor .
The issue is getting more attention now because of a case before the U.S. Supreme Court .
The case , brought by employees against a division of General Dynamics Land Systems , will determine whether workers can sue when special pay or benefit packages are offered only to older employees .
While the workers suing were ages 40 to 49 as of July 1 , 1997 , employment lawyers say it could ultimately lead to protections for workers who are far younger .
If the high court rules in favor of the workers , copycat claims from employees who are younger than 40 could follow .
And it could pressure political leaders to expand a federal law , the 1967 Age Discrimination in Employment Act , that protects workers ages 40 and older from job discrimination .
" As states are more willing to accept youth discrimination claims , Congress could enlarge the scope of the federal law , " says Lisa Berg , a Miami employment lawyer .
" Members of Congress could say these are claims that need to be protected . "
Before 1997 , workers at the General Dynamics division could retire with full health benefits if they had 30 years of service .
But under a new union agreement , the company had to provide those benefits only if the retirees were at least 50 years old on July 1 , 1997 , and had 30 years of service .
That meant that those employees who turned 50 on July 2 , 1997 , or later would not get any post - retirement health benefits .
About 200 workers ages 40 to 49 as of the July 1 date sued for age discrimination .
The 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Cincinnati sided with the employees , and the Supreme Court is expected to hear the case Nov. 12 .
" The court is sitting on a powder keg , " says Minneapolis - based employment lawyer Marshall Tanick .
" It 's always been considered older workers who are the focus of age discrimination .
This case highlights the flip side . "
Business groups , including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , and some employment lawyers fear it threatens the long - accepted corporate practice of offering early retirement and special severance packages to workers based on age .
It could also pave the way for more lawsuits from people in their 20s and 30s saying they 've been discriminated against because they 're young .
' An embarrassing moment '
Many youthful workers feel singled out .
Just 44 % of employees ages 18 to 24 believe they are treated fairly on the job , according to a 2002 survey by Mercer Human Resource Consulting of 2,600 workers .
That compares with 64 % of employees ages 45 to 55 .
Workers such as Richard Celler , 29 , say their youth has been held against them .
Two years ago , the Miami lawyer was covering a hearing on a major matter for a big client .
The courtroom was packed .
When Celler rose to argue his case , the judge put up his hand and stopped him .
" Is it bring - your - kids - to - work day ? " the judge joked , then asked Celler if his dad would be arguing the motion .
" Obviously an embarrassing moment for me in front of my peers , " recalls Celler .
He won the hearing , nonetheless , which was in front of a courtroom of lawyers .
While some younger employees say they 've had their age held against them , employment groups and AARP say older workers bear the brunt of discrimination .
" The incentive is to hire people who are younger , " says Sharona Hoffman , an associate professor specializing in employment discrimination at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland .
" You can pay them less , ( and ) they are healthier . "
Several factors are making reverse age discrimination an issue : • The weak economy .
Younger workers were hit hard in the 2001 recession and slow recovery .
Forty - five percent of the long - term unemployed ( who are out of work for more than six months ) were ages 25 to 44 in 2002 , according to an analysis by the National Employment Law Project and Economic Policy Institute .
That 's higher than the 35 % who were 45 and older .
The youngest Generation Xers are embarking on their careers amid massive layoffs , further adding to the sense of frustration .
And as the newest hires , they are the most likely to lose jobs under employers who determine layoffs using seniority systems .
•
Delayed retirements have younger workers feeling stuck .
Younger workers are experiencing career stalemate as graying baby boomers become reluctant to retire .
Labor force participation by workers ages 55 to 64 rose by 2 percentage points from 2001 to 2002 , a jump unprecedented in postwar history , according to a study by the Center for Retirement Research at Boston College .
That has some younger workers feeling as if they 're losing out .
• Generational misperceptions .
Generation Xers say they are viewed by some as slackers who tend to be less loyal to the company than older workers .
Some of those generalizations may hold true : Studies show younger workers are more likely to job hop and often tend to put family as a top priority .
But those impressions have left younger workers at a disadvantage .
" There are a lot of stereotypes , " says Joanne Sujansky , an author in Pittsburgh and founder of Key Group , a business - consulting group .
" Employers assume they are going to job hop and that they 're not here for long .
Discrimination toward youth does exist . " •
The deflated dot - com bubble .
Only a few years ago , Generation Xers were riding high on the technology wave .
More than 70 % of college students in 2000 thought they 'd someday be millionaires , according to an Ernst & Young survey .
Now , many of those students are out of work .
The sudden shift in fortune has left some younger workers feeling aggrieved .
Carla DeLuca , 32 , a marketing consultant in San Francisco , says there 's no question that younger workers fight against stereotypes left over from the dot - com rage .
" So many young people achieved incredible success during the dot - com era , particularly in the Bay Area , " she says .
" But what I sense the business world is left with now is an unfortunate , vivid memory of a bunch of cocky kids playing CEO in the sandbox . "
' A costly issue ' Reverse ageism is a real issue for employers who risk losing talented hires , according to U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission Chairwoman Cari Dominguez .
" It 's a costly issue for employers , in terms of hiring to replace and retrain if ( younger workers ) leave , " Dominguez says .
" It has to do with the perception that they 're not experienced enough or have n't been there long enough .
That attitude can drive younger workers to move on . "
It can also drive them to sue .
While federal law offers legal protection only to workers 40 and over , a number of states — including Alaska , Florida , Maine , Maryland and Mississippi — have their own employment discrimination laws that specify no age limits .
Others set a cutoff of 18 .
That 's left an opening that 's already led to reverse age discrimination claims .
Michael Sisler said he was wrongly fired because his employer thought he was too young , and the New Jersey Supreme Court ruled that his case could go ahead .
Sisler had been recruited to run Bergen Commercial Bank 's merchant credit card programs and took a job in 1993 as a vice president , earning $ 70,000 a year .
During a lunch after he was hired , the bank chairman asked him his age , according to the lawsuit .
When Sisler said he was 25 , he says in the lawsuit , the chairman appeared shocked and instructed him not to tell anyone his age .
Eight days after starting his job , Sisler said he was told he might be fired and should work for the bank in another capacity , such as a consultant .
He refused a different job and was fired after less than five months with the bank , according to the lawsuit .
The New Jersey Supreme Court ruled in 1999 that he could sue under state law for age discrimination , even though he was only 25 .
The case was settled before trial .
" At the time of his hiring , they were obviously aware of his age , but they still hired him .
If they engaged in reverse age discrimination , they would n't have hired him , " says Angelo Genova , a lawyer in Livingston , N.J. , who represented the bank .
Most employees who sue face a tough road , however .
" The burden ( of proof ) is so high that it 's difficult for an employee to succeed , " says Berg , the Miami employment lawyer , adding that it 's possible that the current attention to reverse ageism could pressure Congress to expand the scope of who is protected by federal law .
Until then , some younger workers say they will continue to try the same tricks their gray - haired counterparts use to hide their age .
But unlike their older colleagues , they say they will try to add years instead of taking them away .
" During my job search , I had much more of a challenge making myself look older , since I am often mistaken for 16 , " says Patricia Froelich , 21 , a publicist in Orlando .
" I tried my hardest to look older — using everything from fake reading glasses ( to ) more conservative clothing and carrying a briefcase . "
We cover various subjects from different fields .
Explore each subject to learn more .
Writing Avail our Writing Tutoring Help and get assistance from professional writers , editors and proofreaders .
Reduce your burden and make your paper ready for submission with our academic writing style .
Get Help Q/
A
Management Find answers to all your queries and strengthen your concepts with our Management Tutoring Help .
With over 20,000 experts we provide high - quality , error - free solutions round the clock .
Get Help Q/
A
Accounting With our Accounting Tutoring
Help we are providing quick and affordable services to more than 500,000 students .
Join our community and find answers to all your queries from experts .
Get Help Q/
A
Finance Raise your overall understanding of the concepts and achieve admirable grades in finance with our Finance Tutoring help .
We guarantee 100 % error - free solutions at affordable prices .
Get Help Q/
A
Computer Science Avail our Computer Science Tutoring Help and get 100 % error - free solutions at affordable prices .
Reduce your burden and make your assignments ready for submission with our academic writing style .
Get Help Q/
A
Statistics Avail Statistics Tutoring Help and get assistance from highly experienced statistics experts .
With over 20,000 experts we provide high - quality , error - free solutions round the clock .
Get Help Q/
A
Economics Avail our Economics Tutoring
Help now !
Join the Transtutors community of over 500,000 students and get high - quality answers to all your economics queries at cost effective rates .
Get Help Q/
A
Engineering
We provide Engineering Tutoring
Help to thousands of students of various engineering disciplines .
Get optimal , professional , and error - free solutions at affordable prices .
Get Help Q/
A
Science / Math Avail our Science / Math Tutoring Help and find answers to all your assignment problems from experts .
Turn your dream academic career into reality with our high - quality answers and quick services .
Get Help Q/
A
Tiny plankton and bits of plastic commingle in this water sample taken in the vicinity of the so - called “ Great Pacific Garbage Patch , ” a large area in the North Pacific Ocean known for accumulations of plastic marine debris .
( Credit : NOAA )
I had never been so excited to see garbage in my life .
I was actually giddy .
After flying from Los Angeles to the Big Island of Hawaii , I hitched a ride on the research vessel Alguita as it did a shakedown cruise , readying to set sail to traverse the massive Eastern Garbage Patch , which lies between there and California .
This rubbish - strewn patch floats within the North Pacific Gyre , the center of a series of currents several thousand miles wide that create a circular effect , ensnaring trash and debris .
Around and around : bottles , plastic bags , fishnets , clothing , lighters , and myriad other man-made items , held until they disintegrate , make their way to distant seas , or merely bob among the waves before washing up on someone ’s beach .
I learned about the Eastern Garbage Patch , also called the Great Pacific Garbage Patch , from studies the Algalita Marine Research Foundation , based in Long Beach , California , has conducted while trolling it seven times over the past decade .
The foundation ’s fieldwork has revealed an ever - growing synthetic sea where particles concentrate by season , trash commutes in the currents from far - off places , and plastic outweighs zooplankton , retarding ocean life .
Fascinating stuff .
Captain Charles Moore founded the Algalita foundation and commands its research vessel , the Alguita .
( Maddeningly similar names , I know . )
Moore first discovered the garbage patch when he crossed the Pacific in 1997 after competing in the Transpacific Yacht Race .
Since then he has been passionate about investigating it and creating awareness about its significance — and the significance of the Eastern Garbage Patch is enormous .
His findings have gone a long way toward educating the science community , if not yet the public , on the magnitude of marine pollution and its impact on life — all life .
Sitting on the deck of his boat in Hilo Harbor , Hawaii , last January , he tells me about the crew ’s next mission , which is just days away : to map the size , content , and density of the Eastern Garbage Patch .
The patch , you see , is n’t well understood .
People think it ’s like a solid mass of trash you ’d find at a dump site ( I ’ve been asked : “ Can you walk on it ? ” “ Can you land a plane on it ? ” ) , but it ’s really diffuse , like “ plastic soup , ” as Moore describes it .
But do n’t for a second think that its mass is n’t substantial .
Its sprawl may cover an area as much as one and a half times ?
the size of the United States , Moore says , and to a depth of 100 feet , if not deeper .
But because this rubbish is in the ocean , it drifts .
Fragments peel off here and there ; some of it drops to the ocean floor .
Even for those who do understand the makeup of the garbage patch , its effect on the marine ecosystem is as yet largely unknown .
Moore , 61 , is a scruffy sea captain whose blue eyes are both sad and keen .
His salt - and - pepper hair is typically covered by an odd - fitting hat ( “ Die Trying ” emblazoned across its brow ) .
He is , as most sailors go , an old salt .
“ In the central North Pacific Gyre , pieces of plastic outweigh surface zooplankton by a factor of 6 to 1 , ” according to a report based on Moore ’s research .
“ Ninety percent of Laysan albatross chick carcasses and regurgitated stomach contents contain plastics .
Fish and seabirds mistake plastic for food .
Plastic debris releases chemical additives and plasticizers into the ocean .
Plastic also adsorbs hydrophobic pollutants like PCBs and pesticides like DDT .
These pollutants bioaccumulate in the tissues of marine organisms , biomagnify up the food chain , and find their way into the foods we eat . ”
You ’ll notice the emphasis on plastics .
Most other materials biodegrade or are not as buoyant as plastics , which do not biodegrade .
Their resilience is also their menace , as today plastics have invaded the most distant places , from the Bering Sea to the South Pole .
Indeed , when I was exploring a remote beach past the South Point of Hawaii , I found pill bottles from India and mashed pieces of various products — oil containers , detergent jugs , plastic caps — with Russian , Korean , and Chinese writing on them .
It ’s hard to get your brain around these connections .
But float these things did , to shore .
( Credit : NOAA )
How trash makes its way to the garbage patch is pretty straightforward .
When a plastic cup gets blown off the beach in , say , San Francisco , it gets caught in the California Current , which makes its way down the coast toward Central America .
Somewhere off the coast of Mexico it most likely meets the North Equatorial Current , which flows toward Asia .
Off the coast of Japan , the Kuroshio Current might swoop it up and yank it eastward again , until the North Pacific Current takes over and carries it past Hawaii to the garbage patch .
These are the currents that make up the North Pacific Gyre .
Moore says it takes a year for material to reach the Eastern Garbage Patch from Asia and several years for it to get there from the United States .
Now multiply that one cup by billions of plastic items over years and years — actually about 60 years , starting after World War II , when we really began to make plastic products en masse .
Marcus Eriksen , Algalita ’s director of research and education , has studied that connection between the increasing amount of plastic found in the ocean and the increasing amount of plastic produced :
In 1999 there was 0.002 gram of plastic per square meter of ocean in the Eastern Garbage Patch , and as of 2005 there was 0.004 gram per square meter in the same place .
In that same period plastic production in North America alone experienced double - digit growth , topping 113 billion pounds in 2006 , according to the plastics division of the American Chemistry Council in Arlington , Virginia .
Beyond plastic degradation and its toxic ramifications , other refuse issues ensue .
Twenty - mile castaway fishnets snare sea turtles , dolphins , and other animals , endangering their populations ; birds mistake trash for food , eat it , and die ; jellyfish get sick ; gnarly junk washes back to shore — some of it hazardous waste .
The Eastern Garbage Patch is n’t just a problem for those living in the middle of the ocean ; it ’s a problem for those of us who are landbound as well .
Moore likens the patch to a cemetery and the trash heading toward it to a series of funeral processions .
“ There are bigger particles in the processions because they have n’t degraded as much yet , ” he says .
But inside the patch , where trash has been disintegrating for years — even decades — the particles are much finer .
The United Nations Environment Programme ( UNEP ) reports that 70 percent of marine litter sinks .
So who knows what is also building up on the ocean floor ?
To be sure , the Eastern Garbage Patch is n’t a lone phenomenon .
Off the coast of Japan there is a Western Garbage Patch .
And each of the other oceans has its own , albeit smaller , floating patches of debris .
Even so , the Eastern Garbage Patch — rooted square between California and Hawaii — is most intriguing and draws the greatest attention because of its size and the fact that it lies closest to the biggest trashmonger on the planet , the United States .
The Alguita ’s journey last winter was closely followed by the many who had become aware of the floating garbage dump .
Crew members kept a ship - to - shore blog , writing : “ We know this plastic trash is a problem ...
But in order to get the world to pay attention and start making changes , we need to prove it .
We need accurate data and real hard numbers , so we can bring this information to governments , industries , and the public and show them just how serious this issue has become . ”
Blog responses came from all over the world , from grade - school children to the elderly , scientists to laypeople .
One asked , “ Do we have an answer to the question ‘ Yeah , it ’s gross , but why should I put it high on my list of world problems that need our immediate attention ? ’? ”
It is a good question because marine pollution is one of the most underreported stories today .
One glaring answer to the question is this : Around 2.5 billion people rely upon fish for at least 20 percent of their animal protein .
When fisheries get polluted , so does the food we eat .
( Credit : Joel Pashal / Algalita Marine Research Foundation )
The UNEP reports that today 80 percent of all marine debris that washes ashore — such as trash and toxic matter — originally comes from shore - based activities that could have begun with innocent fun , such as picnics and beach outings and the like .
Farther inland , rivers and streams carry trash to the sea .
Marah Hardt , a research fellow at the Blue Ocean Institute on Long Island in New York , says most people have no clue about their effect on ocean life because they ca n’t see it .
“ The ocean is way out there , they think , ” she says .
Meanwhile , their garbage disposals , drainpipes , and sewers can lead directly to it .
Factories dump .
Air pollution seeps .
This is how the oceans become contaminated .
Solutions offered by the public range from thoughtful to wacky : “ Why could n’t it be possible to collect the larger pieces of trash by skimming the most polluted concentrations with troll nets and attaching them to helicopters that would then deposit them into the path of the ongoing lava flow of Kilauea to be consumed and incorporated into new rock ? ” one person asked in a blog comment .
Other ideas include vacuuming the sea and converting the plastic into an alternative energy source ( plastics are made from petroleum ) .
“ We get about one suggestion a week , ” says Anna Cummins , an Alguita crew member and education adviser at Algalita .
Moore says the only solution is to prevent more debris from entering the ocean ; it is futile to try to clean out whatever exists there now .
And without changing our habits , the garbage patch will only continue to grow .
Alexandra Cousteau , a National Geographic Emerging Explorer and the granddaughter of the famous explorer Jacques Cousteau , believes awareness and education are the keys to ocean preservation .
She and her brother , Philippe , use the media and speak about their environmental experiences to educate people about the importance of protecting the oceans and freshwater resources .
Cousteau reminds me that we are all indelibly linked to the oceans .
“ We live on a water planet , ” she says .
“ Water is life . ” Pollution , therefore , is unacceptable , and the Eastern Garbage Patch , anathema .
The samples of trash and marine life gathered during Alguita ’s winter voyage — buckets of plastic , garbage , and algaelike organisms — are still being evaluated and lab tested , and the results will be available this summer .
But Moore tells me the major finding , in his mind , was the discovery of the further accumulation of trash outside the garbage patch itself , near the international date line — a higher - density collection of waste making its way to the patch .
“ You can now make a new hypothesis that all food in the ocean contains plastic , ” he says .
The evaluation of particle ratios — the measure of plastic to organic matter — inside and outside of the patch may bear that out .
So may analysis of seawater for the chemical signature plastic leaves behind .
Meanwhile , Moore has plans to go farther and test new waters sometime this fall or early next year .
If he can prove that the travesty of plastic pervasiveness in the ocean is worsening ( by tracking the amount of plastic per square mile of ocean , as this last voyage did ) and that it has an impact on more of the various types of ocean life , even perhaps on the carbon sequestration process that the oceans offer , then international policy might finally begin to address the issue of trash in our seas .
That , anyway , is the hope of all his fieldwork .
I remember sailing miles offshore with Captain Moore and his crew in the days before their trek , taking in the sight of two whales spouting and playing , wondering just how much plastic they had ingested .
It made me think how tragic it is that now when we say “ blue ocean , ” we may be talking about it not so much in the sense of its color but in the sense that it is sad .
And for that we have to take more responsibility .
The Russian ASU ( Ассенизационно - Санитарная Установка , or " Waste Management System " ) aboard the ISS has pretty well clapped out following the failure on 21 May of the unit 's air / water separator heralded by a " loud noise " , according to NASA .
The agency explained last week : " The crew then replaced the separator with a spare unit but reported afterwards that the ASU lacked suction .
The crew next replaced the F - V filter insert , which provided good suction for a while but again exhibited weak suction .
TsUP / Moscow instructed the crew to deactivate the ASU and use the toilet facility in the Soyuz spacecraft . "
The ASU is a pretty belt - and - braces affair , sucking in a urine / air mix through a funnel , separating the air for recycling into the ISS 's atmosphere via a deodorising filter while storing the waste liquid in a tank .
Solid waste is likewise sucked into the system via a nozzle for bagging and later disposal .
Women astronauts wishing to take a leak are not , of course , suitably equipped to avail themselves of the funnel , and are provided with sanitary - napkin - type pads .
Despite the ISS crew 's best attempts to fix the cantankerous bog , it was still on the blink yesterday , as NASA admitted : " Troubleshooting continues on the Russian ASU toilet facility .
Almost all system components have been changed out at this time , including the separator with no improvement in function .
Specialists feel the problem is with the separator pump , though they have never before seen this failure signature . "
Spare parts are , mercifully , being " last - minute manifested " for Space Shuttle Discovery 's jaunt to the ISS due to blast off on Saturday , with NASA hopefully finding space aboard for " a new ASU separator pump " .
Discovery 's main task on the 14 - day STS - 124 mission is to deliver the second consignment of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency 's Kibo laboratory , constisting of the large Japanese Pressurized Module and robotic arm system .
The spacecraft will also drop off new ISS crew member Greg Chamitoff and bring back Flight Engineer Garrett Reisman at the end of a three - month stint aboard the outpost .
NASA has a mission summary here ( pdf ) . ®
Since June 2006 , prosecutors in and around the southern hamlet town of Milton , Florida , have vigorously pursued obscenity - based criminal racketeering and money laundering charges against Clinton McCowen , based on his ownership and operation of an adult website .
The State of Florida , like many other American states ( and the federal government ) authorises the use of racketeering or “ RICO ” laws against businesses profiting from the distribution of allegedly obscene materials .
“ RICO ” charges are much more serious than standard obscenity offenses , since the former can result in up to 30 years in prison along with hefty fines and forfeitures .
In comparison , obscenity offenses are usually misdemeanors , often resulting in a fine or possibly a term of probation .
Thus , when RICO is used to prosecute an obscenity case , the stakes increase exponentially for the defendant .
McCowen was , through June 2006 , the owner of a successful website , titled cumonherface.com .
( “ COHF , ” for short ) .
COHF focused its efforts primarily upon delivering to its paying customers “ facial content ” .
Shortly after his arrest , McCowen engaged our law firm as his defence counsel .
One of the first tasks necessary to defend an obscenity case is the development of competent evidence of the “ contemporary community standards ” in the area where the prosecution is brought .
The “ community standards ” phrase is an important one ; under the prevailing “ Miller Test ” applicable to obscenity cases in the United States , the jury must find ( among other things ) that the obscene material violates the current standards of the local community .
In the McCowen case , the nature of the “ community ” was a blurry one .
After all , the COHF website is located on the World Wide Web ; essentially , the “ community ” is global or , at least for purposes of a US - based prosecution , national in nature .
Despite the defence ’s legal arguments to the contrary , the presiding judge determined that the “ community ” in this case would consist of a four county area which comprises the First Judicial Circuit of Florida .
Importantly , this Circuit includes the mid-sized city of Pensacola , which is one of the cities on which Google Trends keeps search engine data , so its inclusion in the relevant “ community ” turned out to be critical for the development of this evidence .
The key to winning obscenity cases is to get the jury comfortable with sexual issues .
Unfortunately for obscenity defendants , most people – including jurors – do not like to discuss their sexual habits and interests in a public setting .
Both men and women claim to be much more conservative and prudish than they really are when forced to openly talk about sexual conduct .
A courtroom is the last place that a person feels comfortable admitting to their sexual behavior and proclivities .
It therefore becomes important to be able to show the jury , through empirical evidence , that their friends and neighbours are just as interested in a wide variety of sexual practices as they are .
With such evidence , the jurors begin to feel more ‘ normal ’ and inclined to accept media depicting sexual activity that might not be discussed in polite company .
Without such evidence , a juror might condemn certain material as obscene , even if that same individual might privately consume similar media on a regular basis .
In previous obscenity cases , the defense was limited in its ability to demonstrate the community ’s acceptance of sexually explicit materials to showing what might be available in the local ‘ brick and mortar ’ establishments that distributed erotic media .
Unfortunately , the mere availability of such material does not necessarily demonstrate the community ’s ‘ acceptance ’ of it .
That can usually only be shown by sales records relating to material of similar nature and character to that which is alleged to be obscene by the prosecution .
However , most local video and book stores do not want to be dragged into criminal obscenity litigation , so obtaining such sales statistics can be difficult .
Even co-operating establishments may not keep records by category of adult media , so these records are usually just not available .
To make matters worse , in the McCowen case , the local Sheriff had sent representatives around to the area ’s video stores and threatened them with obscenity prosecutions if they did not agree to remove a substantial amount of sexually explicit DVD ’s , just prior to our client ’s arrest .
So the material that was available in these local establishments , was not representative of the community ’s consumption desire , but was more reflective of the Sheriff ’s personal morality standards .
Given this dilemma , our law firm was tasked with the need to develop evidence of the local community ’s sexual interests , without relying on the traditional methods of doing so .
Fortunately , online computer users establish a geographic “ footprint ” for Internet word queries .
Indeed , Google has revolutionized online searches with the development of software designed to chart the relative popularity of given search terms within a geographic area , called “ Google Trends . ”
This device allowed McCowen ’s defense team to hone in on the Pensacola area , and compare search terminology relating to the type of content published by our client on the COHF website , compared to other seemingly more innocuous , generic and popular terms .
The ultimate purpose for this analysis was to demonstrate that “ community ” for the McCowen prosecution was quite a bit more receptive to , and accepting of , sexual subjects than the prosecution either suspected or wanted to ever admit .
Specifically , McCowen ’s defence team compared terms such as “ bukkake , ” “ group sex , ” and “ orgy , ” versus “ apple pie , ” “ ethanol ” and “ boating . ”
The results were , to say the least , a bit astonishing – at least for the prosecution .
“ Orgy ” was a more popular search term than any non-sexually related term used in the analysis .
“ Group sex ” beat out almost all non-sexual terms to which it was compared .
“ Bukkake ” ( referring to facial content taken to a much more heightened level ) , although certainly not a commonly - known phrase outside of a sexually - related context , was searched more frequently in the Pensacola area than in all but three other areas within the State of Florida .
The defence was in the process of obtaining the raw data underlying the above - referenced searches from Google , Inc. , through a subpoena served on the company , when the case came to an abrupt halt shortly after this defence strategy became public .
The prosecutor offered a settlement of the criminal charges that was substantially more favorable than had ever been tendered previously , and the client accepted the plea bargain .
Therefore , the Google Trends evidence was never introduced , and Google , Inc. was not required to divulge the raw search data .
Therefore , the success of this method of proving community standards will have to be measured in the next obscenity case .
Google Trends adds one more weapon to the defence arsenal in obscenity - related prosecutions .
Often , as in the McCowen case , these prosecutions are politically - motivated , and initiated based on something other than the quest for “ justice . ”
Analysis of the Google Trends data permits for the defense to access something inaccessible prior to the advent of the Internet – the personal , private sexual interests and morays of individuals expressed from secure , comfortable locations – the privacy of their home computers .
Encounters With A German
( ChinaRen BBS ) The Brainwashed Germans and the Demonized China .
April 1 , 2008 .
There were three people in the office , but one of them was away on business .
That left me with K , who sits across me .
Recently , K has not been very busy .
[ Before the Lhasa riots ]
On March 11 , another office colleague showed me a copy of the Franfurter Allgemeine story about the new Terminal 3 at the Beijing International Airport .
In Germany , a report laced with jealousy is already considered neutral .
I was satisfied .
So I checked up on more photos of T3 on the Internet and I was moved by what I saw .
At the time , it was the lunch break and so I asked K to come over and look .
She glanced at T3 and she said , " Is this really huge ? "
I said : " Very huge .
It is the biggest in the world . "
She said : " You can not help it .
You have too many people .
You have the most number of people in the world . "
...
She asked : " How many airports are there in Beijing ? "
I said : " One airport for civilian transportation .
There are airports for other purposes . "
She said : " You only have one airport for so many people .
You look at Stuttgart .
It has so few people , but it also has one airport ! "
She looked very stern and contemptuous .
...
She looked at the photos and she said , " This airport looks so icily cold .
It is all made of steel and iron . "
I began to show her certain decorative features with unique Chinese characteristics inside the terminal .
She said : " These look alright .
But they are purely decorative .
They will be removed as soon as the terminal is operational ? "
I suppressed my anger and said , " They will always be there . "
At that time , I was very unhappy .
I was trying to share my joy with someone , who turned out to be picking a fight .
She sensed my unhappiness and said : " Very nice , very nice . "
Then she saw another office colleague coming in and she told him about this funny thing that she had just learned : " There will definitely be more reports from China about this .
In the future , besides the Forbidden City in China , there is also the airport terminal building .
Ha ha . "
[ After the Lhasa riots on March 14 ]
Day 1 , March 26 .
After the Lhasa riot , no office colleague spoke to me about this incident between March 14 and 25 .
I really did not want to talk to them either .
It was a losing proposition using their mother tongue to discuss an incident that involved such complicated histories , ethnic issues and politics .
After almost two weeks of bombardment by the German media , I was getting very emotionally distraught .
On the evening of March 25 , I heard that Spiegel was spreading more rumors in their new issue .
So I bought a copy of Spiegel at noon to retain as evidence .
When I came in to the office and put the magazine on my desk , K asked ; " You bought Spiegel ? "
I said : " Yes . "
She said : " Why did you buy it ?
Because the subject is Tibet ? "
I said : " No . "
She said : " Because the essays are well - written ? "
I said : " No . "
She asked : " Then why ? "
I could no longer control myself as my hands were trembling : " Because I have never seen such a big lie . "
Although she did not understand fully what I meant , she glared at me and she said angrily : " What do you mean ? "
I said : " Everything that you read and watch all day on television , magzines and newspapers are all lies .
She was ready to blow her top and she told me solemnly : " You have no right to say that our media are lying !
I have never been to Tibet , but from our media reports , I can see that this situation in Tibet is very , very , very serious !
We can not go to Tibet to look for ourselves .
We do not know what happened .
But I am willing to believe what is said by our television .
I also think that your media are lying and what you see is not real !
If you want to criticize German media , you better go home and criticise your own Chinese media first ! "
I turned to the Spiegel report and I pointed at it and said : " This photo shows our policemen rescuing an injured Han person .
But the caption said that the police are arresting a Tibetan .
This is a lie . "
She was not looking at what I pointed out to her , for she continued to stare at her own computer screen .
She said , " I do n't know what they are doing .
But your policemen have arrested many Tibetans .
They have opened fire and killed people .
But your television channels are telling lies .
What right do you have to say that the German media are lying ? "
I do n't remember what I said , but I did not say much .
I stomped out and went downstairs to call my parents .
I was trembling and crying .
Recently , we have been stuck with this matter and I cannot calm myself down to discuss this matter .
I went back to the office after a long while .
She did not continue the discussion with me .
The day was over .
Day 2 , March 27 .
K brought in a cake that she baked herself .
It was her birthday two days ago .
In the afternoon , the other office colleagues came over to share the cake .
Two male colleagues brought up the Tibet issue .
The first question was posed with a heavy Schwaben accent and I could not make it out completely .
So I told him : " If you want to discuss the Tibet issue , then we must clarify just who was attacking whom on that day . "
He said , " No , no .
I am not asking about who is right or wrong .
Do you feel that Tibet is very peaceful ? "
I said : " Tibet is not very peaceful right now .
But you do n't know what really happened there , because the German media are all lying . "
I glanced at K on the other side .
Her face darkened and she kept typing madly into her computer .
I wasted no words and I retrieved the fake photos from the western media that I kept on my computer .
I explained the photos one at a time to my colleagues , who did not say much .
A male colleague D said : " If this is as you said , their lives are better now than before .
So why did they rise up ? "
I said : " Those people who want independence and who instigated the riot do not live in Tibet .
They are with the exiled government .
Tibet under the rule of the lamas was a society built upon slavery in which the people do not even have personal freedom .
On the birthday of the Dalai Lama , two sets of human skins were required as birthday present ! "
I can tell from their expressions that my words did not sink in because there was such a vast gap between what I was saying and what they know .
They might be thinking that my command of the German language was too poor and I was expressing myself incorrectly .
I continued : " You say that the Tibetan people are leading terrible lives .
But do you know that minority groups such as the Tibetans can attend university for free while Han people have to pay tuition .
Each time that they take an exam , they get bonus points added .
They even do n't pay taxes !
They said immediately : " Then why are n't the media being allowed in ?
Why is Tibet being sealed off ?
If what you say is true , the media should be permitted to enter . "
I said : " First , this is for the sake of everybody 's safety .
That place is very unsafe at the moment .
Next , the western media are only too willing to distort the facts .
Without even being in Tibet , they have already made up all these rumors with fake photos .
Yesterday , the first group of reporters went to Tibet .
But there were no German reporters . "
K finally joined in the conversation because she was too angry : " Why are n't the German media being allowed in ?
How come the whole world can go but not the Germany media ? "
Colleague D corrected her : " It does not mean that everybody else can do .
Just the reporters from a few countries . "
I said ; " Right .
Americans , British , Russian , Japanese , Korean , etc .
The reason why the German media are not allowed in is because they lied too hard this time ! "
K said : " You said that the Indian media lied too .
How come they can go ? "
I said : " The Indian media are not included in this group of reporters . "
K was clearly very angry .
After a while , everybody went back to work .
K began her two - day project to educate me .
She looked seriously at her computer screen for a while and then she asked me : " Do you know Spanish ? "
I said : " No , I do n't . "
She said : " Even this Spanish website is saying that the Chinese government is suppressing and killing peaceful demonstrators , etc . "
I said : " I know .
The western media are all lying . "
She said : " But why is the whole world saying that and only China does not say so !
Do n't you feel that your government is lying to you ?
It is obvious that your government is the liar !
Why else would all the countries condemn China ? ! "
I said : " Right .
All the countries are saying that China is bad , but none of them can produce any evidence to support their version .
Only the Chinese government has produced the evidence .
We have the video images .
Those people were not demonstrating peacefully .
They were murdering people .
None of those video images were shown in the western media , which used those fake photos to smear China . "
She said : " You are showing the fake video images fabricated by the Chinese government ! "
I do n't know what to say to a person like that .
I said : " China is developing rapidly now and the western nations are scared and uneasy .
Therefore , everybody is against China .
I have been in Germany for two years , and I have not read a single piece of good news about China .
China is always wrong in everything that it does .
Do you feel that such a grand country can do nothing right ? "
She said : " We have not said that China is bad .
For example , you told me the other day about the new airport terminal .
Did n't I learn something ?
Ï said ; " But Germany did not give any praise , and it was not happy . "
She said immediately : " That is because you have so many poor people but you still want to spend so much money to build a new airport . "
Seconds ago , she thought that it was a good thing but now she has shown her true colors .
I said : " Why do you think that we used the poor people 's money to build this airport ?
We built this airport for the Olympics and the people of the world . "
She said : " When you have so many poor people , you should not have tried to host the Olympics . "
I really do n't know what more to say .
I said : " On the contrary , our media would never smear any other country in this manner .
Do you know why so many Chinese students are willing to come to study in Germany ?
That is because ... " ( I wanted to say that we liked Germany because the Germany that we saw on Chinese television is beautiful and developed , and that is why we want to come here to learn . )
But she interrupted me with an arrogant look in her eyes : " Because our education level is well - developed and our tuition fees are cheap .
It is very simple . "
I was offended by this rude interruption , but I continued to finish what I wanted to say .
Then I added : " But once we arrive here , we found out that the German media never reports any good news from China .
To a certain extent , we overseas students are disappointed in Germany . "
She said : " We did not only say that China is bad .
We also said that China is good . "
I said : " Good .
Let me ask you , what good things are there in China ? "
She thought about it and said , " The Chinese economy is developing . "
I said : " You do n't need the German media to tell you that because the whole world knows that .
So what good things have you heard about our government ? "
She thought about it and could not come up with anything .
But she immediately came up a victorious look and said to me : " Can you tell me what good policies the Mexican government has ? "
I said : " I do n't know . "
She was delighted .
She said : " You see , you do n't know either . "
I said : " I do n't know because I do n't care .
I do n't know if they have done something good , but I do n't know if they have done anything bad either .
But when it comes to a country that I care about ( such as Germany ) , I would know their good as well as bad points .
We learn about something from both sides .
This is something that we were taught since middle school . "
For a couple of seconds , she could not respond .
Then she began .
She said : " Pollution is so bad in China .
The government has done nothing whatsoever . "
I said : " How do you know that the government has done nothing ?
The Chinese government is telling the supermarkets not to use free plastic bags and it is about to be implemented immediately .
Did you know that ?
As far as I know , the only country in Europe which can do that is Germany .
I do n't know about other cities , but Beijing has reduced public transportation costs in order to make its citizens use their private vehicles less often .
It costs only 2 RMB ( 0.2 Euros ) to ride the subway , and 0.04 RMB ( 0.04 Euros ) to ride public buses .
The Germany people do n't know any of this .
They only know to condemn . "
I said : " China is in the process of development and there are many problems .
We need to solve them step by step , and we are actually solving them .
China is very big , and it is not as simple as you think . "
She said : " Anyway , your government only oppresses its people , who have no freedom .
You look at the riots in Paris last time .
All the reporters went there to cover .
Paris was not sealed off . "
I said : " Tibet is our internal affair .
It is a place inside our country .
We have the freedom to handle it our way . "
She said : " Nobody knows what happened there .
Anyway , we will only believe our own media .
Your government is destroying Tibetan culture .
They do n't have their own culture anymore . "
I said : " How do you know that our government is destroying their culture ?
Tibetans can attend classes in their own language .
Is this a destruction of their culture ? "
I asked her : " Do you know that the Chinese people live happy lives ?
I want to know what Germans think .
I do n't mean anything else . "
She thought about it and said , " I think that they are basically happy .
For me , I know that if I can have bear only one child , then I do n't know how I can live happily ! "
I pretended that I was convinced : " Hmm , right .
You are right .
You just spoke about the environmental pollution problem in China .
Most of the world is talking about the problems of energy sources and their lack , etc . "
She said , " Right , such as oil . "
I said : " Yes .
You know .
China has population planning policies over the past thirty years that ended up with 400 million few people being born !
This is the ideal and most effective way of managing environmental pollution and conserving energy resources !
When we have environmental pollution and too many people , you condemn us .
When we have fewer children in order to reduce consumption and pollution , you accuse us of having no human rights .
I want to ask you just what do you want us to do ! "
She said with special pain : " Do n't even mention human rights , because this topic is too grim . "
She implied that the human rights in China are dreadful to the point where the Chinese people would rather be dead than alive .
I said : " I do n't want to talk about human rights either .
I just wanted to follow up on the previous question .
If our government is as much of a demon as you said , then how can the people be having happy lives ? "
I do n't remember how she responded , but she was always elusive .
In each bit of our conversation , there was no way for me to win because she was always changing the subject .
Then I said , " We live in Germany but we actually do n't have any freedom of speech .
Recently , Germany has blocked many of our discussion forums .
We cannot communicate directly with the Chinese people over the Internet . "
She was infuriated and she said : " Impossible !
Absolutely impossible .
Germany cannot possibly be blocking your web pages . "
I said calmly , " But it is true . "
She said : " Which web page are you visiting ? "
I said : " A general variety website , just like Yahoo .
The name is sina . "
She said : " Impossible .
There is no way that Germany would do that . "
I said : " But that is a fact . "
She said : " You show me right now ! "
I showed it to her .
She said : " Impossible .
It is only not allowed from inside the company . "
I said : " Not at home either . "
She said : " Your Internet connection at home is defective . "
I said : " You can not get on in Stuttgart , not in Nurnburg , not in Hamburg , not in Berlin . "
She said : " The website must be down . "
I said : " They can visit it from China , United States , United Kingdom and France . "
She said : " Impossible .
Absolutely impossible . "
I do n't know what else I can say .
I said : " I do n't particularly care about the Internet censorship .
I can understand this .
I want to say that you must not just condemn China for blocking certain web pages .
Every country will do so whenever necessary . "
She said : " We did not block your web pages .
When it comes to blocking web pages , nobody in the world goes as far as China .
You people cannot visit anything . "
Then she looked especially pleased and said especially confidently and mysteriously to me : " Can you people visit Google ? "
I had nothing left to say ...
After some bickering , it was almost time to quit work .
She asked me to go over and she pointed to her computer screen : " You see .
I found you a piece of good news from China . "
I looked at the page , which was on Die Zeit a month ago .
Those were photos from the Chinese Lunar Year of the Rat celebrations .
Photos only , no text .
I was astonished .
After she stopped arguing with me , she had to go and find a piece of non-negative news about China in order to show that I was wrong .
So I told her : " This is not good news .
This is at most neutral . "
She said : " I thought that these photos are pretty .
This is a good piece of news . "
Then she left work .
Later I took a detailed look .
Underneath a photo of fireworks going off , the caption was : " Fireworks .
Not allowed everywhere in China . "
According to our logic , it was for our safety .
According to their logic , it was because there are no human rights in China ...
I was vexed for the rest of the night .
What was the point for the Germans to have brains when they are filled with this kind of nonsense
I did not want to talk about this affair with them any more .
Of course , I never wanted to talk to them in the first place .
Day 3 , March 28 .
I got to work .
K glared at me , but she did not say anything .
After half an hour , she asked me to go over and look at the web page on her computer monitor .
It was today 's latest news from N - TV in Germany .
There were photos and captions .
The photos featured Nepali policemen and the captions noted that they were Nepali .
She said proudly : " Do you think that these photos are misused as well ? "
I said : " I do n't , because the captions say that it is happening in Nepal .
It is not in China . "
But she felt proud because she felt that she has proven to me that the German media also used real photos and not only faked photos .
I do n't understand this kind of logic -- because they sometimes use real photos , you cannot blame them for using faked photos at other times ?
I said : " It is useless to have real photos now , because everybody already ... "
She interrupted me and said , " But it is a good thing all the same because we are using real photos . "
I was beginning to get a headache .
Next she explained to me how bad and awful things are in China .
I can't remember what she said .
Her final conclusion : " These are different cultures .
Nothing can be done . "
I said : " That is right .
Different cultures , different ideologies .
But the so - called cultures are different because they are different .
This is not about right versus wrong .
Nevertheless you kept talking about right versus wrong . "
I do n't know how she came back to Tibet as she said : " Anyway , our feeling is that the Buddhist religion is sacrosanct .
Their believers are very peaceful and they perform good deeds .
Anyway , we cannot believe that they will use violence to hurt other people . "
Frankly speaking , I am tired .
Throughout the whole day , she tried her best to convince me that the Chinese government is totalitarian , violent , bloodsoaked and cruel .
She told me what an awful country China was .
She said China steals intellectual rights , it pirates Germany motor vehicles and it steals technology .
She thought that the story about < the yellow spies > in Spiegel was accurate .
As time came to leave work , K got excited again .
She told me , " Our newspapers have just said that our Prime Minister and Foreign Minister will not be attending your Olympics .
Have you read that ? "
I said : " I just saw that . "
She could not conceal her inner delight as she said : " What about it ?
What do the Chinese people think ?
Ha ha .
What about your news ?
Has the news gone out yet ? "
I took a quick peek on the Internet and I said : " Not yet . "
She said : " I am especially interested to see how your media describe this affair .
Ha ha . "
Then she went through criticizing various cultures .
She said that she once read a book about Japan and thought that the Japanese were really peculiar people -- why does a person have to bring presents to his colleagues after going away on vacation ?
...
The last few days made me keenly aware of the following things :
1 . The propaganda in the western media has achieved their goals -- the German people believe .
Not only do they believe , but they believe it firmly to the point whether all dissident voices are regarded as lies .
2 . The marketing effort by the Dalai Lama over the years has been successful beyond expectations .
Every German that I come across treats him as a " great spiritual leader . "
Everything that he says is true and everything that he does is correct .
3. Chinese students in Germany are unpopular .
My colleagues indirectly reveal those feelings .
They even tell me directly : " We are really worried about what happens if one day you learn what we know . "
4 . It is a mistake for China to even exist .
The faults of China can be stacked from the ground to the heavens .
Furthermore , under the leadership of this demon government , things are getting worse and worse .
5. Bloodshed and massacres occur everywhere in China .
When a Chinese citizen says the wrong thing , he will be arrested immediately and subjected to extreme torture in jail .
6. China does not have the right to host the Olympics .
Anyone who attends the Olympics is supportive of genocide to a certain extent .
I am actually very , very tired .
But I feel that I am actually getting something out of this .
That is , I will never discuss Tibet or China with any German .
Their brains have been baptised by a lifetime of western voices and are no longer capable of being receptive .
Please do not try to convince them or discuss the facts with them , because you are going to die from frustration .
Their mindset is this brute - force logic :
Anything good about China must have been fabricated by the Chinese government ; visual images favorable to China were staged by the Chinese government ; any photo favorable to China was the result of PhotoShop work .
Their mindset contains an absolute position : China is hopeless with no redeemable value .
All the opposing voices against China are right , and they will support those voices .
The arrogance of the Germans astonished me time and again .
I am only twenty years old and I can see the shadow of the German people from sixty years ago .
They are the descendants of the Nazis .
Nazi blood will flow through their bodies forever .
What they regard as their correct insistence looks rigid to others , even very terrifying .
Bad news often has self - fulfilling prophesy effects .
Tell a student his work is bad and he might give up .
Telling friends someone is unpopular makes her even less popular .
Tell a sport team they will lose and they might not try as hard .
Tell customers a product is bad and they might look at it more carefully for flaws or switch products , and with fewer customers the producer has fewer resources to improve the product .
Tell people a bank is in trouble and they withdraw their deposits , stressing the bank further .
But most of us think it crazy to therefore ban bad news .
Sure some might maliciously spread negative rumors to hurt a rival , but this hardly means we should forbid anyone from ever talking negatively about anything !
We should instead rely on listeners treating rumors skeptically and listening less to those they find to be unreliable sources .
Alas , all this common sense goes out the window when bad news comes via financial markets .
When we buy stock observers reasonably interpret that as our saying we have good news about that stock , while selling is reasonably interpreted as bad news .
And so the US SEC is doing more to ban bad news :
An order from the Securities and Exchange Commission aimed at protecting some of the country ’s largest financial companies against a form of short selling took effect yesterday . ….
In the current financial environment , short selling can be especially harmful to banks and brokerage firms because customers and investors may view sinking stock prices as a sign of trouble and react by withdrawing deposits .
The result of these sort of policies is sad and obvious : it will take longer for us to find out about bad news , and so we will interpret silence and apparent good news more skeptically .
That is , we will just know less .
Note also that speculative markets actually do better at punishing malicious rival rumors — those who spread false rumors via gossip are less reliably punished than those who sell short a stock they know to be valuable .
Coming soon after speculators were blamed for rising commodity prices , I fear this is bad news for hopes for legal prediction markets anytime soon .
Added : A related oped .
GD Star Rating
loading ...
UFO headed for Bush Crawford ranch ?
Associated Press
Published : Wednesday July 16 , 2008
Print This Email This FORT WORTH , Texas ( AP ) - Radar documents examined by a UFO group stir up thoughts of an enormous aircraft without transponders traveling up to 2,100 miles - per - hour in Texas .
Kenneth Cherry is with the Mutual UFO Network , which has been studying phenomenon earlier this year in Stephenville and Dublin .
Cherry says the documents show ample evidence of unidentified flying object activity .
He says some of the information involves something " turning at angles not possible by military aircraft . "
The group requested documents from the Federal Aviation Administration , military bases and other agencies under the Freedom of Information Act.
FAA spokesman Roland Herwig says he has n't seen radar information and could not comment .
MUFON requested reports from the night of January 8th .
That 's when several dozen people in Texas dairy country reported seeing a large silent object with bright lights flying low and fast .
After talking to witnesses , MUFON investigators ended up looking into 300 reported UFO sightings spanning several weeks and said most were probably planets , cloud formations or stars .
The Fort Worth Star Telegram reported the unidentified craft neared President Bush 's Crawford ranch .
Radar tracked a Crawford - bound craft for more than an hour , according to the MUFON report .
Witnesses said they saw two large glowing amber lights similar in size and color to the lights on the back of a school bus .
The object seemed to be stationary or moving at speeds of less than 60 mph most of the time , but at one point it accelerated to 532 mph in 30 seconds , according to the report .
It did not seem to reach the property .
" The object was traveling to the southeast on a direct course towards the Crawford Ranch , " the report states .
Last month marked the 150th anniversary of Abraham Lincoln 's famous " A House Divided Against Itself Cannot Stand " speech made during his acceptance of the Republican nomination for U.S. Senate from the state of Illinois .
( Blessedly , he lost the election . )
Toward the end of his oratory , Lincoln summed up the complexion of the Republican party , as constituted in 1858 , as being made up of " strange , discordant , and even hostile elements . "
Lincoln 's evergreen assessment of the GOP was cited in another speech , made just over a century later by Barry Goldwater , who was accepting his party 's nomination for president before the Republican national convention .
During his address , a minute or so after quoting Lincoln , Goldwater delivered one of the scariest statements ever uttered by a nominated candidate for the presidency .
Today , July 16 , is the 44th anniversary of those still shocking words : " Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice ... " Listen ( mp3 ) .
[ To read or hear the entire speech , go here . ]
The terrifying threat at the heart of Goldwater 's declaration was nuked less than two months later by Lyndon Johnson 's crack advertising team .
See the video atop my blog post last month .
In an odd coincidence , today also just happens to be the 63rd anniversary of the first successful A - Bomb test , near Los Alamos , New Mexico .
( For an example of fascistic blather from a more recent presidential candidate , look no further than Rudolph Giuliani .
Three months into his first term as New York 's mayor , he made this statement : " Freedom is about authority .
Freedom is about the willingness of every single human being to cede to lawful authority a great deal of discretion about what you do and how you do it . " )
GENEVA ( Reuters ) - United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Louise Arbour voiced concern on Wednesday over “ taboos ” on discussion in a key U.N. forum of subjects that Islamic countries see as offending their religion .
Outgoing United Nations High Commissioner on Human Rights Louise Arbour of Canada gestures during an interview with Reuters in Geneva June 10 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Denis Balibouse
Her comments followed a row at the forum , the 47 - nation Human Rights Council , after Islamic countries intervened this week to stop mention of their system of sharia , or Islamic law , and the body ’s Romanian president appeared to back their stance .
“ It is very concerning in a Council which should be ... the guardian of freedom of expression , to see constraints or taboos , or subjects that become taboo for discussion , ” the former Canadian High Court judge told a news conference .
Arbour , who steps down this month after 4 years the post , did not refer specifically to the incident in the Council on Monday when Egypt , backed by Pakistan and Iran , said referring to sharia there meant “ crucifying ” Islamic states . ”
But she pointed to treatment of homosexuals in many countries -- prosecuted as criminals in a number of Islamic and some other states -- as “ fundamental ” to debate on sexual discrimination around the world .
“ It is difficult for me to accept that a Council that is the guardian of legality , prevents the presentation of serious analysis or discussion on questions of the evolution of the concept of non-discrimination , ” Arbour declared .
Monday ’s row centered on a scheduled 3 - minute speech on behalf of two non-governmental organizations ( NGOs ) , the International Humanist and Ethical Union ( IHEU ) and the Association for World Education ( AWE ) , calling on Muslim countries to take firm action against “ honor killings ” and female genital mutilation .
INTERRUPTED
The NGOs ’ speaker was repeatedly interrupted by Egypt , whose delegate , as seen on a U.N. webcast , accused him of trying to link these practices with Islam , and said discussion of sharia in the Council “ will not happen ” -- although the European Union and Canada argued that the address should go ahead .
Islam , the Egyptian delegate declared , “ will not be crucified in this Council ” .
The affair increased alarm among independent rights groups and some Western and Latin American countries over the direction of the Council -- set up in 2006 to replace a discredited predecessor .
A Pakistan delegate -- whose country speaks for the 57 - nation Organization of the Islamic Conference ( OIC ) in the rights body -- said the grouping had “ strong objections ” to any direct or indirect discussion of sharia .
Joining Egypt in asking the president , Romania ’s Daru Romulus Costea , to bar any debate that took this path , he said that if allowed it would “ amount to spreading of hatred against certain members of this Council ” .
Costea said barring a U.N. - accredited NGO from speaking could start the Council “ downwards on quite a slippery slope ” , but he suspended the session and -- according to other NGO representatives -- told the two NGOs not to mention sharia .
The Romanian diplomat , who was the EU ’s choice for the post a year ago and hands over this week to a Nigerian envoy , did not say when asked at a news conference on Wednesday whether his action amounted to imposing a taboo .
But he said such issues should be avoided as there were no religious experts in the Council .
The body is largely dominated by an informal bloc of OIC and African states -- usually backed by China , Russia and Cuba -- that often condemn “ defamation of religion ” and “ Islamophobia ” .
( For the full webcast of the Human Rights Council session where Monday ’s row occurred , click on www.un.org/webcast/unhrc/ )
This organization is no longer taking online contributions .
Why Your House Wo n’t Sell And What To Do About It
If you ’re about to put up your home for sale , you must be anxious about this painful real estate market .
At least , I know I would be .
Clearly , it ’s been a rough ride for those involved in selling and transacting — you can just ask the 40,000 financial services workers in the mortgage industry who ’ve lost their jobs in the last month .
The ride is just as tough for those whose homes are stuck in limbo for months or even years on end .
When this happens , I ’ve guessed that it was always because the seller is just not ahead of the pricing curve enough ; if you happen to lag the market in price , you run the risk of ending up with a stale listing .
To move your house , at some point you may have to cut prices drastically just to match what the market ’s levels are .
We ’re now dealing with a buyer ’s market so that means sellers for the most part , need to cater to homebuyers on the prowl .
Not everything bad can be blamed on the soft market , so a seller may find it worth evaluating the various reasons why their house is not attracting any interest , hopefully so they can do something about it .
Reasons For Why A House Is n’t Selling
The home ’s price is too high .
The real estate market may have decided that the listed home is overpriced .
If the comp sales in your area are showing lower prices , then you need to follow suit in order to get your house sold .
Unfortunately , too many sellers are convinced their house will command the price they want and decide to sit things out .
They may end up waiting a long while .
The house is too unique .
Lots of people can’t believe that their esoteric , unusual home is just not drumming up interest .
There are those who have customized their homes right up to the point of listing it for sale , then find themselves frustrated because it ’s not attracting buyers .
The answer to this dilemma : stage your house well and make it look as neutral as possible .
De-personalize your home — that is , remove all your personal effects so that visitors can imagine themselves living there .
Is the house in a less than desirable neighborhood ?
A residential district can be unpopular for many reasons : it may not have very good schools , may have a high crime rate , is located in the wrong part of town , on a landfill , or in an area of slow or no growth .
But if prices are lowered accordingly , there should be a buyer for the home .
The neighbors are n’t too neighborly .
Sellers may want to move because of troublesome neighbors , eyesores or potential trouble spots around their area .
But before selling , one may want to consider taking some steps within their control to help improve the neighborhood .
But tread carefully when doing so in order not to ruffle any feathers .
Sellers try to sell their own homes themselves .
A lot of people take matters into their own hands believing they can save some money by acting as their own realtor .
I ’m not saying you should n’t try this yourself especially if you ’re confident you can .
However , I ’d prefer to pay an expert for their expertise .
There ’s no way I ’m going to risk messing up a sale transaction by trying it myself , since I know I could n’t do half the job a professional can do in this regard .
The realtor is n’t doing a good job .
Time to find a new realtor .
Here are some tips to find the perfect one for you .
The house is not being marketed hard enough .
If you ’re in a buyer ’s market , you may want to consider offering goodies to attract more buyers such as cookies and gift baskets at open houses .
Sellers may be a little too impatient .
It ’s a good idea to go with the flow of the real estate market you ’re dealing with .
If it ’s a buyer ’s market , you ’ll need to be a bit more patient .
You may want to check how you ’re doing against some benchmarks on home sales that get published in your local paper or even just by picking the brain of your realtor .
Slow markets can keep you in limbo for six months and beyond !
Hotter markets should see your home sell in a month at the latest , otherwise you may want to consider making adjustments .
If you want to unload your house successfully , I ’d suggest the following moves :
Quick Sale Solutions
Lower your price according to the property market .
Hire a good realtor with a solid reputation .
Manage and readjust your expectations .
Market your house well .
Perform online as well as offline marketing .
And if you ’re really at the end of your rope , try these strategies :
Desperate Measures To Get Your House To Sell
St. Joseph is the patron saint of carpentry ( and homes on the block ) , and this is a St. Joseph “ Home Sale Kit ” .
If you want to sell a house , consider burying this saint ’s statue in your backyard for good luck and a smooth , swift home sale .
Desperate enough ?
One of the faithful ?
Then read on .
Relist it .
Take your house off the market , take a break , then relist it .
We had a house on our block go through several relistings ( we experienced quite a bit of deja vu over the For Sale sign ) before it finally got sold — and shockingly , at the price it was originally listed at !
Fix your house and get it neutralized ( or even just “ normalized ” ) .
Maybe your house just needs a fresh makeover or just an updated look .
Hiring a designer or home stager to fix up your house may help things turn around .
Lower your prices ahead of the competition and * not* after .
If you ’re ahead of the price curve and try to undercut the competition , instead of pricing at or above market , you ’ll stand a better chance at getting your home noticed before all other homes in the same boat .
Take your marketing up a notch .
I ’ve mentioned how you can market your house more actively .
Some sellers take their competition seriously and try even more radical approaches such as offering financial incentives to those buyers ( and their agents ) who bite .
Last but definitely NOT least , pray .
To St. Joseph that is .
I thought this practice was hokey but I ’d probably do it too if I wanted a miracle .
Enterprising brokers have even gotten into the business of selling St. Joseph real estate / home sale kits !
Probably a good idea in this housing climate .
Copyright © 2007 The Digerati Life .
All Rights Reserved .
As oil prices and global temperatures both skyrocket , discussions about climate change solutions grow increasingly complex and increasingly tense .
Important legislation designed to curb emissions is pending in Congress , but throw in a presidential election , a weakening dollar , and increasingly tight budgets into the mix , and the future of any such measures is decidedly uncertain .
advertisement
advertisement
So where do we stand ?
What exactly does the legislation mandate ?
Is it at all feasible ?
How much would it cost you and your family ?
How are businesses reacting ?
We put these questions and others to Terry Tamminen , who has a very full environmental portfolio .
He is former chief policy advisor for California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger .
He ’s author of Lives Per Gallon : The True Cost of Our Oil Addiction .
He ’s Operating Advisor to Pegasus Capital Investors , which focuses on innovative clean - tech companies , and where he heads a team that helps states with the development and implementation of environmental policies .
And on top of that , he ’s also the Cullman Senior Fellow with the New America Foundation , where he spends his time advising world leaders on how to design and implement climate - change solutions .
There ’s been lot of talk about the climate - change legislation that ’s pending in Congress .
What exactly is this bill all about ?
The latest bill to tackle climate change is the Lieberman / Warner “ America ’s Climate Security Act ” [ also known as S. 2191 ] .
It sets up a cap - and - trade system and other measures to reduce greenhouse gases as close to the sources as possible .
Because of the more than 180 amendments to the bill that have been considered , many still unresolved , it ’s uncertain exactly what S2191 would accomplish , but generally speaking , it would reduce U.S. greenhouse gas emissions to 1990 levels within 20 years or less , followed by more dramatic reductions comparable to those being attempted by the rest of the developed world under the United Nations ’s Kyoto Accord .
Are n’t some states already taking action along these lines ?
They are , and unlike its predecessors , S2191 recognizes that much of this work is already being done by states and regions .
Over 30 states now have , or are developing , comprehensive climate action plans , which include participation in one of the three regional cap - and - trade markets that have been created by states .
S2191 rewards these early - action states and sets minimum requirements for laggard states to get started .
advertisement
If it were to pass , what sort of ramifications would the bill ( S 2191 ) have for American families and businesses ?
Climate legislation in the U.S. , whether federal or state , will have interesting results for all of us .
The use of market mechanisms , like cap - and - trade , will force industries that burn large volumes of the dirtiest fossil fuels to internalize the cost of pollution , which will likely cause price increases .
But it will reward energy - efficiency and the use of renewables like solar and wind power .
These costs may be passed on to consumers , but experience shows that it could actually lower costs in the long run .
The legislation would make us less dependent on fuels like oil that is unpredictable in terms of both availability and price .
Total costs will also be lower , because renewable energy ( increased development of which is a likely outcome of this legislation ) does not impose other costs on the taxpayer , such as defense costs , lung cancer , crop damage , and toxins in food ( like mercury from coal - fired power plants ) .
Can you give us an example of how costs are lowered in this way ?
California passed regulations over the past 30 years that incentivize energy - efficient appliances , buildings , renewable energy investments , and conservation .
The result is that our average price per kilowatt of electricity is nearly the highest in the nation , but average bills are among the lowest .
Californians consume 40 percent less electricity than average Americans — and we have plenty of flat panel TVs , hot tubs , and air conditioners in the desert — showing that energy prices are less relevant to consumers and businesses than how energy is generated and used .
The same could be true for thoughtful pricing around greenhouse gases , whether imposed by strict regulation and fees or by cap - and - trade systems .
When you say the “ long - run ” how long are we talking ?
advertisement
The most rapid climate solutions are in energy efficiency , which can pay immediate dividends by lowering electricity and transportation fuel costs .
For example , Wal - Mart estimates that if each of their 100 million customers bought just one compact fluorescent light bulb to replace an incandescent bulb , those customers would save a combined $ 3 billion in energy costs over the life of the bulbs ( which can be as long as 20 years ) .
In the longer term , someone who installs solar panels on their rooftop can pay for the investment in as little as 7 years , after which they are harvesting free electricity that is more reliable than the grid .
Looking even longer term , when we retire coal - fired electricity generators and petroleum powered cars and trucks , we save money on the replacement fuels and even more on health care costs related to air pollution and the massive subsidies we now pay to the fossil fuel and nuclear industries .
Is n’t seven years a long time for the average American who ’s trying to put kids through school and food on the table ?
People save money on electric bills immediately by installing more efficient light bulbs ; save money for families and businesses at the gas pump immediately by driving in more fuel - efficient ways ( you ’ll find tips here ) ; and so on .
Of course , investing in things like solar panels may take many years to pay back , but that investment not only saves money in the long run , it guarantees energy pricing and insulates consumers from blackouts and price spikes in the future .
What about the impact of renewable energy on food prices ?
The price of oil and petroleum fuels , both shrinking resources under pressure from increased demand globally , are more responsible for rising prices of food ( and everything else that families buy ) than using corn for ethanol .
That said , many of us have predicted the problem with using crops for fuels — my book talks about this — and do n’t endorse that approach .
What would it take for the bill to pass ?
advertisement
Right now , it ’s clear that no comprehensive climate legislation will pass this Congress , but every failed attempt has been a teachable moment .
We have learned what will and what wo n’t work , from a policy and political standpoint , so going into 2009 with a new Congress and a new President gives me optimism that an effective bill can be crafted .
I actually think the policies in S2191 were very close , but pork - barrel amendments were ultimately deal - killers .
I think the biggest improvement needed to get this done will be a commitment by Congress to take up legislation on this defining issue of our time on its own merits , without the typical burdens imposed by largely unrelated add - ons .
Is there a presidential candidate who would be more amenable to such legislation ?
Yes , but sadly he ’s no longer in the race !
( Hint : He ’s the Governor of New Mexico ) .
When I evaluated and graded each of the Presidential candidates during the primaries , Obama got a B and McCain scored only an F .
Of course either will be far better on this subject than President Bush , but that ’s not saying much .
McCain scores so low because his solutions only tackle a portion of the problem , but to his credit , he has called on Congress to take meaningful action for years .
Obama has more comprehensive policies and is the only candidate of either party to make a significant policy speech on this topic during the primaries , so I ’m hopeful that he would make this a “ First 100 days ” priority .
While the bill is unlikely to pass this year , are n’t some states rolling out similar measures on their own ?
In summary , 39 states have joined the Climate Registry to measure and register the greenhouse gases emitted in their state ; 33 have climate action plans ( or are just completing them ) that reduce greenhouse gases equivalent to countries that signed the Kyoto accord ; 30 states have “ Renewable Portfolio Standards ” that mandate certain percentages of wind , solar , and other clean renewable energy in their electricity fuel supplies ; 20 states have joined regional cap - and - trade networks ; 14 states have adopted California ’s “ clean car rule ” for reducing emissions of greenhouse gases from cars and light trucks ; 10 states have passed laws mandating these various activities .
advertisement
Our team has assisted most of these states with development and implementation of these policies and work to bring businesses and other stakeholders into the process of designing policies that are effective and cost - efficient .
If you had to pick a model state for environmental policy , would it be California ?
They say , to a carpenter , everything looks like a nail .
So I admit to being focused on my state , but the Golden State is indeed the gold standard when it comes to climate policy .
We passed the standard for reducing greenhouse gases from cars , and 14 states have adopted it .
We set the most aggressive goals for reducing greenhouse gases of any state or nation on earth ( 80 percent by 2050 ) and adopted a Climate Action Plan to achieve those goals , which more than two - dozen states have now copied .
We passed our Global Warming Solutions
Act and established a multi-state cap - and - trade network to harness market forces to slash carbon emissions .
We also lead the nation in energy efficiency and in development of renewable energy ( our Million Solar Roofs Initiative will deploy more than $ 3 billion of incentives to put megawatts of solar on California homes and businesses ) .
We ’ve done this because of great political and government leadership – – Governor Schwarzenegger set all of these policies in motion and our California Air Resources Board , led by Chair Mary Nichols , has long led the nation in clean air solutions .
Bottom line : yes , California is the model !
You mention your team has assisted most states with such policies .
What exactly do you do ?
I wear two hats in the clean - tech revolution — government policy and clean / green products .
It ’s a great marriage of careers , because as a policy wonk , I can guide companies that are developing products that are both profitable and help to improve the environment .
On the other hand , as an investor , I can help companies get a seat at the policy table when laws and regulations are being developed that will help spur this clean - tech revolution .
Could you tell us about some of the more innovative companies or products you ’ve worked with ?
advertisement
I ’d highlight Lighting Science Group from Florida .
They ’re making LED lights that will replace incandescent bulbs and are an improvement over compact fluorescents because they last longer and have no mercury in them .
Another notable is Solar Integrated Technologies in Los Angeles .
They replace large industrial rooftops with materials that include thin - film solar , making your roof an asset instead of a liability whenever you have to spend the capital to replace it .
Finally iGPS , another Florida company that makes plastic shipping pallets , is worth mentioning .
Wood pallets destroy forests and most of them end up in landfills after one or two trips .
Plastic pallets weigh half as much , so you use less fuel and reduce greenhouse gases with each trip .
Moreover , instead of ending their life in a landfill , the plastic pallet can be ground up and molded into another pallet — endlessly recycled .
“ Death - oh- Death ” .
Everybody sing it now .
The last cellphone call will be made to us all some day , regardless .
Most of us wont know when or where or in what form .
The big D has a way of creeping up and surprising the dumbfounded or snatching the innocent .
Death can cause howling and screaming or a calm transition into the mysterious hereafter , and sometimes “ The Slayer ” just seems to ignore what is most obviously a bulls eye .
The following list contains ten unbelievable but amazingly true accounts of human beings that beat death .
Some of these “ cheaters of death ” are still among us ( as of this posting ) .
In no particular order , here are some of my favorites .
10 Isidro Mejia
He ’s nail free today , but in 2004 , Mejia was doing construction work on the roof of a house when he fell .
The fall did n’t kill him , but the six 3 1/ 2 inch nails that accidentally shot into his neck and skull certainly should have .
He survived because the nails barely missed his brain stem and spinal cord .
9 Richard Blass
In 1968 , the first mafia attempt against this canadian gangster took place .
Two hired gunmen entered a bar where he was enjoying some drinks .
Although shot at multiple times , Blass was able to escape unscathed .
Two weeks later , Blass was tracked by the mafia in a motel named “ Le Manoir de Plaisance ” , in a Montreal suburb .
The motel was set on fire and three people died , but Blass escaped the blaze .
Police investigation indicated arson as the fire ’s cause .
In October , Richard Blass was injured by shots to the head and back after being ambushed with his partner inside a garage .
The two were able to save their lives by driving through the garage door .
Blass required hospitalization for his wounds .
In January , 1969 , a bungled bank robbery and a shot cop , put Blass in jail .
Within the first year of serving four consecutive terms of ten years in jail , Blass managed to escape .
He was caught , thrown back in the slammer , and escaped a second time .
With a spurt of freedom , and blood in his eyes , he set out and killed two co-conspirators in a bar , that had testified against him .
Everyone else in the bar was locked in and the place set on fire .
Three days later , Blass ’ death finally came when he was shot 23 times .
During his life Blass was given the nickname , “ The Cat ” , because of his luck in evading death .
8 Ahad Israfil
“ I try to appreciate things a lot more .
You never know what moment you wo n’t be there . ”
In 1987 , an accidental discharge of a gun blew half of 14 year old Israfil ’s brains away , yet he survived and later graduated with honors .
Doctors were able to fill the hole with a silicone block , “ the flap of skin was pulled over and hair grew back , giving him a fairly normal appearance . ”
Cranioplast was used to put the “ icing on the cake ” ( Dayton Daily News )
7 Vesna Vulovic
It was 26 days into 1972 , when 22 year old flight attendant , Vesna Vulovic found herself at 33,000 feet in the air and quickly descending to the earth without a parachute .
JAT Flight JU 367 had been cruising over Srbska - Kamenice ( now the Czech Republic ) when an explosion occurred ( The terrorist group , Croatian National Movement was named as responsible for the deaths of all but one ) and as astonishing as it sounds V.V. survived with a “ fractured skull , two broken legs and three broken vertebrae , which left her temporarily paralyzed from the waist down .
She regained the use of her legs after surgery and continues to fly sporadically ”
She holds the Guiness World Record for the highest freefall .
6 Ludger Sylbaris
On the day before the Pelee eruption , Sylbaris was locked in a single - cell , partially - under ground with stone walls , ventilated only through a narrow grating in the door which faced away from Pelee .
His prison was the most sheltered building in the city , and it was this fact which saved his life .
On the day of the eruption , it grew very dark .
Hot air mixed with fine ashes entered his cell through the door grating , despite his efforts in urinating on his clothing and stuffing it in the door .
The heat lasted only a short moment , enough to cause deep burns on his hands , arms , legs , and back , but his clothes did not ignite , and he avoided breathing the searing - hot air .
Superheated steam and volcanic gases and dust , with temperatures reaching over 1000 °C. flattened the buildings in the city and the entire population burned or suffocated to death .
When I visited beautiful Martinique in 1989 , and saw the jail cell , which still stands , Sylbaris was said to be the only survivor , but in fact there was one other man and possibly two children .
5 Shannon Malloy
Shannon Malloy was in a car crash that caused her to be internally decapitated ; her spine was separated from her skull and all connecting ligaments and tendons were cut loose .
Despite this , she managed to survive .
Shannon had to endure several surgeries , one “ fusing her skull to her spinal cord ; she suffered nerve damage that made her eyes constantly cross and limited her speech ability .
Her pelvis and ankle were severely broken , but could not be repaired until swelling in the brain and spinal cord reduced ” ( Associated Content ) .
4 Roy C. Sullivan
The chances of being struck by lightning are very slim ; the chances of being struck by lightning twice ( on different days ) is seemingly impossible ; so what are the odds of being struck by lightning seven times ?
With our world record holder , Roy Sullivan , the events happened as follows :
1942 – Sullivan was hit for the first time when he was in a lookout tower .
The lightning bolt struck him in a leg and he lost a nail on his big toe .
1969 – The second bolt hit him in his truck when he was driving on a mountain road .
It knocked him unconscious and burned his eyebrows .
1970 – The third strike burned his left shoulder while in his front yard .
1972 – The next hit happened in a ranger station .
The strike set his hair on fire .
After that , he began to carry a pitcher of water with him .
1973 – A lightning bolt hit Sullivan on the head , blasted him out of his car , and again set his hair on fire .
1974 – Sullivan was struck by the sixth bolt in a campground , injuring his ankle .
1977 – The seventh and final lightning bolt hit him when he was fishing .
Sullivan was hospitalized for burns in his chest and stomach .
His “ lightning hats ” are on display in New York ’s and South Carolina ’ s Guinness World Exhibit Hall .
3 Ann Hodges
Sylacauga , Alabama 1954 .
While Hodges was napping on her living room couch , a grapefruit - sized meteoroid crashed through her roof and ricocheted off her large wooden console radio , before it struck her on the arm and hip .
She was badly bruised but able to walk .
The Air Force arrived and took the meteorite from her .
Ann ’s husband , Eugene , hired a lawyer to get it back .
Then the landlord claimed it , wanting to sell it in order to cover the damage done to the roof .
By the time the meteorite was returned to Ann and Eugene ( over a year later ) public attention had diminished and they were unable to find a buyer willing to pay much for the 8.5 pound alien chondrite rock .
Against her husband ’s wishes , Ann donated it to the Alabama Museum of Natural History , where it can be seen today .
2 Ben Carpenter
When crossing the street in Paw Paw , Ben Carpenter , 21 years old and wheelchair bound , was “ picked up ” accidentally by a truck .
He was pushed by the semi - truck for 4 miles at 50 mph , after the arms of his wheelchair got stuck in the grill .
The story goes that the driver had stopped at a red light , and could n’t see Carpenter crossing in front of him .
The light changed and Carpenter ended up having the ride of a lifetime .
“ What I learned is that I never would want to be a Hollywood celebrity , ” he said after all the fuss being made by TV and newspapers .
“ I do n’t know how they do it with the TV cameras and people taking their picture all the time .
I went through it , and it was OK for a while , but a couple days was enough . ” ( Kalamazoo Gazette )
1 Phineas Gage
On September 13 , 1848 , Gage ( a railway worker ) was packing a hole with gunpowder , adding a fuse and sand , and then packing the charge down with a large tamping iron .
The gunpowder ignited and the iron bar shot through his left cheek bone and exited out the top of his head , and was later recovered some 30 yards from the site of the accident .
Within minutes he was up and walking .
A few days later he had fungus of the brain .
A couple of weeks after , 8 fluid ounces of pus from an abscess under his scalp was released .
Damage to Gage ’s frontal cortex had resulted in a complete loss of social inhibitions , which often led to inappropriate behavior .
He was no longer the same Gage that his friend ’s and family knew .
Today his skull and the iron bar that shot through it are on display at Boston ’s Warren Anatomical Museum .
Contributor : Diogenes
- gethostbyname ( ) etc break for /etc / hosts with both ::1 and 127.0.0.1 localhost entries
Summary : gethostbyname ( ) etc break for /etc / hosts with both ::1 and 127.0.0.1 localhos ...
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Now that ( 1 ) George Bush is exiting the presidency and ( 2 ) he is wildly unpopular in his own country , international leaders are willing to criticize him more openly .
And not only are they willing to criticize him , they are willing to do so on the record and in their country ’s most famous newspaper .
On the eve of President Bush ’s arrival in Germany , German leaders are taking Bush to the woodshed in Der Spiegel .
Witness :
Hans - Ulrich Klose , foreign policy expert for the center - left Social Democrats and deputy chairman of the German parliament ’s foreign affairs committee , said : “ One really ca n’t say George W. Bush made the world a better place .
On the contrary : His actions played a big part in damaging America ’s image around the world . ”
Guido Westerwelle , the head of the business - friendly Free Democratic Party , said : “ The Bush era was not a good one — neither for America nor for those who see themselves as friends of America . ” …
The Iraq war weakened the UN , he said , adding that the Guantanamo Bay detention camp was a “ disgrace to all the values that America , of all countries , stands for . ”
Jürgen Trittin , a senior member of the opposition Green Party , said Bush “ definitely made the world worse . ”
As recent polling shows , these leaders are just reflecting the sentiment of their constituents .
People vanish all the time , and we usually find out what happened to them eventually .
Usually , not always .
Jimmy Hoffa and Amelia Earhart are the most famous unsolved missing persons cases in the modern era .
But there are many others who left us with far more questions than answers .
Here are six you may not be familiar with .
Percy Fawcett
Colonel Percy Fawcett was a British citizen who became a worldwide adventurer .
He is thought to be one of the inspirations for the character of Indiana Jones .
On several expeditions to South America , Fawcett became intrigued by the legends of a lost city , which he called Z .
Over time he became obsessed with the idea of setting up a commune in the lost city where he own son would be a deity .
In 1925 , he led an ill - equipped expedition into the Mateo Grosso jungle in Brazil .
None of the group was ever seen again .
There are many possible explanations : death by illness , wild animals , or hostile tribes , or they may have just become hopelessly lost .
Some theorize they were abducted by aliens or ended up in an underground kingdom .
Some believe Fawcett lived out his life in an isolated tribe .
Glen and Bessie Hyde
Glen Hyde and Bessie Haley were married in 1928 .
For their honeymoon , they set off in a homemade boat on the Colorado River .
Bessie was to be the first woman to ride the Grand Canyon .
Their boat was found about a month later , but the Hydes were never seen again .
Some think that they capsized in the rapids and drowned , but no trace of their bodies were found .
Others believe that Bessie killed Glen and started her life over elsewhere .
Judge Crater
Joseph Force Crater was a justice on the New York state Supreme Court and was associated with organized crime .
It was suspected that he was appointed to the court due to his involvement with the corrupt Tammany Hall Democratic organization .
He left his wife at their summer home in Maine on August 3rd , 1930 to go to New York City on business .
He was last seen at a restaurant on August 9th .
Judge Crater hailed a taxi and was never seen again .
The taxi was never traced .
A search began on August 25th , when Crater did not show up for work .
Some think that Crater fled the country to avoid trouble with authorities or the mob .
His wife Stella insisted that he must have been murdered , but no conclusion was ever reached .
Ettore Majorana
Ettore Majorana was an Italian theoretical physicist who worked with both Werner Heisenberg and Neils Bohr .
Majorana began to develop a theory of neutrino masses while still in his twenties .
Around 1933 , he began suffering from illness and became a recluse .
In 1937 , Majorana was appointed a full professor at the University of Naples just a few months before his disappearance .
He was only 31 years old in 1938 when he vanished during a boat trip from Palermo to Naples .
Suicide , murder , and voluntary disappearance are all possibilities , but no one knows for sure .
Lloyd L. Gaines
Lloyd L. Gaines applied for admission to the University of Missouri 's law school in 1935 , but was rejected because he was black , and the state 's laws did not support integrated education .
With the help of the NAACP , Gaines appealed his rejection all the way to the US Supreme Court .
The case , heard in 1938 , was the first ever to address educational opportunities for African - Americans .
The Court found for Gaines , and ordered Missouri to admit him or find a comparable law school within the state in which to place him .
The state hastily put together a " separate but equal " law school in St. Louis .
Gaines and his team from the NAACP were prepared to argue that the new school was anything but comparable to the University , but Gaines did not show up for the court hearing .
He was last seen on March 19 , 1939 in Chicago .
He had told some people at the fraternity house where he was staying that he was going out to buy stamps .
No trace has ever been found .
Gaines was granted a posthumous honorary law degree from the University of Missouri in 2006 .
Sean Flynn
Sean Flynn was the son of actor Errol Flynn , and a photojournalist who covered the war in Vietnam .
He and another photojournalist , Dana Stone , were captured by communist fighters in Cambodia and were never seen again .
At least one source says Flynn was executed after a year in captivity .
He was declared dead in 1984 .
In researching this article , I found many other stories that you may soon see in a followup .
What makes him so good ?
He ain't got no distractions
Ca n't hear those buzzers and bells
Do n't see lights a flashin '
Plays by sense of smell
Always gets a replay
Never tilts at all
I felt like I was inside a pinball machine when I stepped on the floor to take some pictures during the second stop of The 2008 Free Flow Tour held at the Rye Airfield Skate Park May 17 & 18 2008 .
The Free Flow Tour is an amateur skateboarding and BMX competition that tours around the United States , with stops all over the country .
The competitions are open to any amateur skater or rider aged 18 or under .
The goal of the Free Flow tour is to give younger amateur skaters a chance to get out there and get seen .
" To go from Flow to Pro , " is the way they put it .
I was not prepared for the speed of the event .
Up to four skaters would be competing at the same time .
I would position myself at one point on the floor , safe for the moment .
As I was taking a picture of a competitor in the air , another skater would be speeding in my direction , ready to attack the ramp behind me .
I was a fish out of water , and more than once , the announcer 's shout of " look out " was directed at me .
Lighting and lens selection was a challenge .
Wide or long , zoom or fast prime ?
Flash was a must , a powerful flash .
Timing the action , the jumps up to the rail or launches from the ramps , is an art .
As a relative novice ( a few evenings watching the X Games on ESPN ) I could not anticipate the " trick " .
Would the competitor grab or release the board ?
Even with a Quantum battery powering the flash , there would be a delay between bursts .
I have my " project " for the summer .
A lot to learn .
Might even try to squeeze in some BMX competition at the park .
You may enjoy reading : Now THIS is a skate park !
I am by no means ready to die !
So , with that fact established , let 's begin at the beginning :
See links for all the Genesis posts to date : Genesis Through My Eyes
In my not too distant past , if I were to see a street person , a bum , sleeping in a door front or on a park bench , I would have kept my distance and perhaps shrugged my shoulders . :
He had the " smarts " to ask someone where to go , I did n't
Waldo County , situated in mid-coast Maine along scenic Penobscot Bay , has genuine New England character evidenced by working port towns and quaint rural villages .
Visitors are awed by the area 's unspoiled beauty .
From striking coastal views to sweeping mountain vistas , dramatic natural settings abound .
In addition great care has been taken to preserve and refurbish numerous historic landmarks , homes and buildings .
Consequently , the Maine of yesteryear is still found here .
Stumble It !
web blog : Time Less Images
web blog : Epicurean Health
web blog : Timeless Snippets
Rachel 's Environment & Health News # 829 October 27 , 2005 WHY WE CAN'T PREVENT CANCER By Peter Montague
In 1999 , cancer surpassed heart disease as the number one killer of people younger than 85 in the U.S. [ 1 ]
Now a detailed really shines is in its clear call for prevention .
In all , there are relatively few products or substances associated with cancer .[pgs .
10-11 , 37 -40 ]
Everything does n't cause cancer , and many of the things that do could be shunned and phased out .
In principle , a great deal of prevention is possible .
Thirty years into the prevention - vs - treatment debate -- in 1981 -- two famous British scientists -- here , must be prevented because for the most part it can't be cured -- it can only be slashed and burned away at enormous cost , personal , social and monetary .
But saying cancer must be prevented is one thing .
Expecting that it can be prevented within the framework of the modern economy is another .
We can never stop working to prevent cancer -- and precautionary policies will always make sense no matter what kind of economy we have -- but until we shift to an economy that does n't require growth , we 'll find ourselves right where we are now -- on an accelerating rat wheel .
As a result , we can expect to be living with more and more cancer at greater and greater cost to ourselves and to our children , accompanied by ever - increasing pain .
It is not a pretty picture .
But at least we can now see it clearly .
=============== [ 1 ]
Richard Clapp , Genevieve Howe , and Molly Jacobs Lefevre , Environmental and Occupational Causes of Cancer ; A Review of Recent Scientific Literature ( Lowell , Mass. : University of Massachusetts at Lowell , The Lowell Center for Sustainable Production , September , 2005 .
Available Rachel 's Environment & Health News # 829 October 27 , 2005 By Peter Montague
In 1999 , cancer surpassed heart disease as the number one killer of people younger than 85 in the U.S. [ 1 ]
Now a detailed report on the causes of cancer tells us why : cancer has been steadily increasing in the U.S. for 50 years as people have been exposed to more and more cancer - causing agents , including chemicals and radiation .
Richard Clapp , Genevieve Howe , and Molly Jacobs Lefevre have just published " Environmental and Occupational Causes of Cancer ; A Review of Recent Scientific Literature " and it is a real eye - opener .
But before we dive into this report looking for nuggets , let 's set the background .
About half of all cancer cases are fatal , and death by cancer is often prolonged , painful , and very expensive .
Those who manage to survive cancer live out their lives molded by the after - effects of harsh treatments popularly known as " slash and burn " -- surgery , chemotherapy , radiation , or some combination of the three .
As more people are kept alive each year with their breasts or testicles removed , the " cancer establishment " chalks up another " victory " -- and no doubt the victims are glad to be alive -- but we should acknowledge that there 's something very wrong with calling this " victory . "
Slash and burn seems more like a dreadful defeat .
The truth is , an epic struggle has been going on for 50 years between the " slash and burn=victory " camp , versus those who think the only real victory is prevention of disease .
The struggle occurs across a fault line defined by money .
To be blunt about it , there 's no money in prevention , and once you 've got cancer you 'll pay anything to try to stay alive .
Cancer treatment is therefore a booming business , and cancer prevention is nowhere .
That is the basic dynamic of the debate .
Cancer surgeons can achieve the status of rock stars among their peers .
Those who advocate prevention will most likely find themselves without funding , ridiculed and despised by the chemical industry , the pesticide industry , the asbestos industry , the oil industry and all their minions -- lawyers , bankers , engineers , reporters , professors , and politicians -- who make a fat living off those who pump out cancer - causing products and dump out cancer - causing by - products , aka toxic waste .
The debate began 50 years ago when a powerful voice for prevention spoke out from inside the National Cancer Institute ( NCI ) .
In 1948 .
Wilhelm Hueper , a senior NCI scientist , wrote , " Environmental carcinogenesis is the newest and one of the most ominous of the end - products of our industrial environment .
Though its full scope and extent are still unknown , because it is so new and because the facts are so extremely difficult to obtain , enough is known to make it obvious that extrinsic [ outside - the - body ] carcinogens present a very immediate and pressing problem in public and individual health . "
In 1964 , Hueper and his NCI colleague , W. C. Conway , described patterns in cancer incidence as " an epidemic in slow motion " : " Through a continued , unrestrained , needless , avoidable and , in part reckless increasing contamination of the human environment with chemical and physical carcinogens and with chemicals supporting and potentiating their action , the stage is being set indeed for a future occurrence of an acute , catastrophic epidemic , which once present cannot effectively be checked for several decades with the means available nor can its course appreciably be altered once it has been set in motion , " they wrote .[ pg. 28 ]
Hueper of course was right .
This is why 50 % of all men and 40 % of all women in the U.S. now hear the chilling words , " You 've got cancer " at some point in their lives .
That 's right , 1 out of every 2 men now get cancer in the U.S. , and more than 1 out of every 3 women .
Clapp , Howe and Lefevre tell us that between 1950 and 2001 the incidence rate for all types of cancer increased 85 % , using age - adjusted data , which means cancer is n't increasing because people are living longer .
People are getting more cancer because they 're exposed to more cancer - causing agents .
Contrary to well - funded rumors , the culprit is n't just tobacco or the hundreds of toxic chemicals intentionally added to tobacco products .
Tobacco products remain the single most significant preventable cause of cancer , but they have not been linked to the majority of cancers nor to many of the cancers that have increased most rapidly in recent decades including melanoma , lymphomas , testicular , brain , and bone marrow cancers .[ pg .
1 ] No , it 's more complicated than just tobacco with its toxic additives .
Most plastics , detergents , solvents , and pesticides and the toxic - waste by - products of their manufacture came into being after World War II .
From the late 1950s to the late 1990s , we disposed of more than 750 million tons of toxic chemical wastes .[ pg. 27 ]
Over 40 years , this represents more than two tons of toxic chemical wastes discharged into the environment for each man , woman and child in the U.S.
No wonder some of it has come back to bite us .
Since the U.S. EPA began its Toxics Release Inventory ( TRI ) program in 1987 , total releases have been reported as declining ( though EPA does not check the accuracy of industry 's self - reporting ) .
Despite the reported decline , in 2002 , the most recent year reported , 24,379 facilities in the U.S. reported releasing 4.79 billion pounds of over 650 different chemicals .
( And TRI data do not include other enormous discharges : toxic vehicle emissions , the majority of releases of pesticides , volatile organic compounds , and fertilizers , or releases from numerous other non-industrial sources . )
In 2001 , more than 1.2 billion pounds of pesticides were intentionally discharged into the environment in the United States and over 5.0 billion pounds in the whole world .[ pg. 27 ]
While all this chemical dumping has been going on , incidence rates for some cancer sites have increased particularly rapidly over the past half century .
From 1950 - 2001 , melanoma of the skin increased by 690 % , female lung & bronchial cancer increased by 685 % , prostate cancer by 286 % , myeloma by 273 % , thyroid cancer by 258 % , non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma by 249 % , liver and intrahepatic duct cancer by 234 % , male lung & bronchial cancer by 204 % , kidney and renal pelvis cancers by 182 % , testicular cancer by 143 % , brain and other nervous system cancers by 136 % , bladder cancer by 97 % , female breast cancer by 90 % , and cancer in all sites by 86 % .[ pg. 25 ]
In the most recent 10 - year period for which we have data ( 1992 -2001 ) , liver cancer increased by 39 % , thyroid cancer increased by 36 % , melanoma increased by 26 % , soft tissue sarcomas ( including heart ) by 15 % , kidney and renal pelvis cancers by 12 % , and testicular cancer increased by 4 % .[ pg. 25 ]
OK , so dumping chemicals into the environment has been a major industrial pastime for 50 years , and cancers are increasing .
But why do we think these things are connected ?
What real evidence do we have that environmental and occupational exposures contribute to cancer ?
That 's what the new Clapp - Howe - Lefevre report is about .
It is a review of recent scientific literature -- with emphasis on human studies , not studies of laboratory animals .
Indeed , the bulk of the new Clapp - Howe - Lefevre report is a cancer - by - cancer compendium of what recent human studies tell us about environmental and occupational exposures that contribute to cancers of the bladder , bone , brain , breast , cervix , colon , lymph nodes ( Hodgkin 's disease and non- Hodgkin's lymphoma ) , kidney , larynx , liver and bile ducts , lungs , nasal passages , ovaries , pancreas , prostate , rectum , soft tissues ( soft tissue sarcoma ) , skin , stomach , testicles , and thyroid , plus leukemia , mesothelioma , and multiple myeloma .
( It is worth pointing out -- and Clapp - Howe - Lefevre do point it out -- that this compendium owes a great debt to a data spreadsheet on cancer and its environmental causes prepared by Sarah Janssen , Gina Solomon and Ted Schettler , for which thanks are due the Collaborative on Health and Environment . )
Many of the bad actor chemicals are well - known to us all : metals and metallic dusts ( arsenic , lead , mercury , cadmium , hexavalent chromium , nickel ) ; solvents ( benzene , carbon tet , TCE , PCE , xylene , toluene , among others ) ; aromatic amines ; petrochemicals and combustion byproducts ( polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons , or PAHs ) ; diesel exhaust ; ionizing radiation ( x - rays , for example ) ; non-ionizing radiation ( magnetic fields , radio waves ) ; metalworking fluids and mineral oils ; pesticides ; N - nitroso compounds ; hormone - disrupting chemicals ( found in many pesticides , fuels , plastics , detergents , and prescription drugs ) ; chlorination byproducts in drinking water ; natural fibers ( asbestos , silica , wood dust ) ; man-made fibers ( fiber glass , rock wool , ceramic fibers ) ; reactive chemicals ( such as sulfuric acids , vinyl chloride monomer , and many others ) ; petroleum products ; PCBs ; dioxins ; mustard gas ; aromatic amines ; environmental tobacco smoke ; and outdoor air pollution .
But there is additional evidence linking chemicals with cancer : ** Elevated cancer rates follow patterns -- the disease is more common in cities , in farming states , near hazardous waste sites , downwind of certain industrial activities , and around certain drinking - water wells .
Patterns of elevated cancer incidence and mortality have been linked to areas of pesticide use , toxic work exposures , hazardous waste incinerators , and other sources of pollution .[ pg. 26 ] **
The U.S. EPA 's long - delayed and heavily industry - influenced " Draft Dioxin Reassessment " released in 2000 admitted that the weight of the evidence from human studies suggests that , " the generally increased risk of overall cancer is more likely than not due to exposure to TCDD [ dioxin ] and its congeners [ chemical relatives ] . "
The report goes on to conclude , " The consistency of this finding in the four major cohort studies and the Seveso victims is corroborated by animal studies that show TCDD to be a multisite , multisex , and multispecies carcinogen with a mechanistic basis . " [ pg. 26 ] **
Farmers in industrialized nations die more often than the rest of us from multiple myeloma , melanoma , prostate cancer , Hodgkin 's lymphoma , leukemia , and cancers of the lip and stomach .
They have higher rates of non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma and brain cancer .
Migrant farmers experience elevated rates of multiple myeloma as well as cancers of the stomach , prostate , and testicles .[ pg. 26 ] **
The growing burden of cancer on children provides some of the most convincing evidence of the role of environmental and occupational exposures in causing cancers .
Children do not smoke , drink alcohol , or hold stressful jobs .
Their lifestyles have not changed appreciably in recent years .
In proportion to their body weight , however , " children drink 2.5 times more water , eat 3 to 4 times more food , and breathe 2 times more air " than adults . "
In addition , their developing bodies may well be affected by parental exposures prior to conception , exposures while growing in the uterus , and the contents of breast milk .
Clapp - Howe - Lefevre put it this way : " We have learned how to save more lives , thankfully , but more children are still diagnosed with cancer every year .
The incidence of cancer in all sites combined among children ages 0 - 19 increased by 22 % from 13.8/100,000 in 1973 to 16.8 in 2000 and most of this increase occurred in the 1970s and 1980s .
Epidemiologic studies have consistently linked higher risks of childhood leukemia and childhood brain and central nervous system cancers with parental and childhood exposure to particular toxic chemicals including solvents , pesticides , petrochemicals , and certain industrial by - products ( namely dioxins and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons [ PAHs ] ) . " [ pg. 26 ]
All in all , the Clapp - Howe - Lefevre report makes a compelling case that many industrial chemicals contribute to many kinds of cancers .
But where this reportshines is in its clear call for prevention .
In all , there are relatively few products or substances associated with cancer .[pgs .
10-11 , 37 -40 ]
Everything does n't cause cancer , and many of the things that do could be shunned and phased out .
In principle , a great deal of prevention is possible .
Thirty years into the prevention - vs - treatment debate -- in 1981 -- two famous British scientists -- Sir Richard Doll and Sir Richard Peto -- published an extremely influential study in which they estimated that " only " 2 to 4 % of all cancers are caused by environmental or workplace exposures .
With 1.2 million new cases of cancer each year in the U.S. , half of them fatal , 2 % to 4 % = 12,000 to 24,000 deaths each year , most of them preventable .
Doll and Peto said tobacco caused 30 % of all cancers and food caused another 35 % .
We now know that cancer results from the interaction of our genes with exposure to several cancer - causing agents .
All the necessary exposures must occur to cause a cancer -- if any one of them is missing , the cancer will not occur .
This is why prevention is important -- it really can work .
Because cancer requires multiple exposures to cancer - causing agents , it is wrong and misleading to say that " Exposure to product A causes X percent of all cancers . "
It simple does n't work like that .
Perhaps Doll and Peto in 1981 did not know how such things worked , and they boldly proceeded to estimate what percent of all cancers were attributable to particular exposures .
It was wrong , but their report served as powerful ammunition for the prevention - is - pointless crowd .
If " only " 2 to 4 % of all cancers were caused by environmental exposures , then there was little incentive to prevent human exposure to environmental agents , the argument went .
What a welcome message this was for the cancer- creation industries ( petrochemicals , metals , pesticides , asbestos , radiation , and others ) and for the cancer treatment industry !
Damn the torpedoes -- full speed ahead !
The prevention - is - pointless crowd latched onto the Doll and Peto study and spread it everywhere .
By the end of 2004 , the original 1981 Doll - and - Peto paper had been cited in 441 subsequent scientific papers .[ pg .
4 ] But even more importantly , the federal National Cancer Institute and the American Cancer Society ( which , together , you could call the " cancer establishment " ) adopted the Doll - Peto perspective , that cancer is a lifestyle disease -- the victims themselves are responsible -- and that prevention of environmental and occupational exposures is not worth the effort .
Remember this was the beginning of the Reagan counterrevolution and the Doll - Peto paper fit right into the new ideology -- government is bad , big corporations are good , we 're all individually responsible for whatever bad things happen to us , and greed is good because it makes the world go 'round .
In any case , the NCI and the ACS largely adopted the Doll - Peto perspective , and they poured the bucks into new cancer treatments , pretty much ignoring prevention .
Meanwhile , cancer incidence rates climbed relentlessly -- making the cancer - treatment industry healthier and wealthier , which allowed it to further erode support for prevention .
Now we are starting to shake off the stupor induced by the misleading Doll - Peto arithmetic , which pretended to prove that environment and occupational exposures are of no consequence .
Listen to this marvelously clear - eyed conclusion from the Clapp - Howe - Lefevre report : " Comprehensive cancer prevention programs need to reduce exposures from all avoidable sources .
Cancer prevention programs focused on tobacco use , diet , and other individual behaviors disregard the lessons of science . " [ pg .
1 ] And this : " Preventing carcinogenic exposures wherever possible should be the goal and comprehensive cancer prevention programs should aim to reduce exposures from all avoidable sources , including environmental and occupational sources . " [ pg .
6 ] And this : " Further research is needed , but we will never be able to study and draw conclusions about the potential interactions of exposure to every possible combination of the nearly 100,000 synthetic chemicals in use today .
Despite the small increased risk of developing cancer following a single exposure to an environmental carcinogen , the number of cancer cases that might be caused by environmental carcinogens is likely quite large due to the ubiquity [ presence everywhere ] of carcinogens .
Thus , the need to limit exposures to environmental and occupational carcinogens is urgent . " [ pg. 29 ]
And this :
" The sum of the evidence regarding environmental and occupational contributions to cancer justifies urgent acceleration of policy efforts to prevent carcinogenic exposures .
By implementing precautionary policies , Europeans are creating a model that can be applied in the U.S. to protect public health and the environment .
To ignore the scientific evidence is to knowingly permit tens of thousands of unnecessary illnesses and deaths each year . " [ pg .
1 ] What a blast of fresh air !
The latest strategy from the cancer - creation industries is to claim that we can't take action to prevent environmental and occupational exposures because we do n't have enough information .
We 're simply too ignorant to make a move .
More study is needed .
[ See Rachel 's # 824 # 825 . ]
Clapp - Howe - Lefevre allow the eloquent writer Sandra Steingraber to answer this argument .
They say , " A main concern for Sandra Steingraber , author of Living Downstream :
An Ecologist Looks at Cancer and the Environment , is not whether the greatest dangers are presented by dump sites , workplace exposures , drinking water , food , or air emissions : " I am more concerned [ writes Steingraber ] that the uncertainty over details is being used to call into doubt the fact that profound connections do exist between human health and the environment .
I am more concerned that uncertainty is too often parlayed into an excuse to do nothing until more research can be conducted . " [ pg. 29 ] Clapp , Howe and Lefevre go on : " At the same time , uncertainty and controversy are permanent players in scientific research .
However , they must not deter us from enacting regulations and policies based on what we know and pursuing the wisdom of the precautionary principle .
This is not new thinking , as demonstrated by Sir Austin Bradford Hill 's 1965 address to the Royal Society of Medicine : " All scientific work is incomplete [ wrote Sir Austin Bradford Hill ] -- whether it be observational or experimental .
All scientific work is liable to be upset or modified by advancing knowledge .
That does not confer upon us a freedom to ignore the knowledge we already have , or to postpone action that it appears to demand at a given time . " [ pg. 29 ]
Clapp , Howe and Lefevre then offer some guidelines for preventive action : ( 1 ) The least toxic alternatives should always be used .
( 2 ) Partial , but reliable , evidence of harm should compel us to act on the side of caution to prevent needless sickness and death .
( 3 ) The right of people to know what they are being exposed to must be protected .
Clapp , Howe and Lefevre observe that " the United States has much to learn " from the proposed European chemicals policy , known as REACH : ( 1 ) requiring that industry be responsible for generating information on chemicals , for evaluating risks , and for assuring safety ; another way of saying this is , " No data , no market . "
( 2 ) extending responsibility for testing and management to the entire manufacturing chain -- everyone who uses a chemical has a duty to familiarize themselves with the consequences ; ( 3 ) using safer substitutes for chemicals of high concern ; and , ( 4 ) encouraging innovation in safer substitutes .[ pg. 29 ]
In the words of ecologist Sandra Steingraber : " It is time to start pursuing alternative paths .
From the right to know and the duty to inquire flows the obligation to act . " [ pg. 29 ]
But while we 're working in clear - eyed mode here , let 's take our exploration a bit further and look this problem squarely in the face .
The U.S. economy and culture are premised on endless growth .
If I loan you $ 100 in the expectation that you will pay me back $ 103 next year , that extra 3 % must come from somewhere .
That " somewhere " has physical dimensions -- something must be dug up or grown to produce the additional 3 % .
That something must also be moved , processed , moved again , packaged , promoted and sold , moved again , used , moved again , and eventually discarded .
Even if it is recycled many times , ultimately it will be discarded into a natural ecosystem somewhere ( at which point nature begins moving it once again ) .
The inescapable second law of thermodynamics tells us that each of these steps will inevitably be accompanied by waste , disorder and other disruptive unintended consequences .
Even if you create the extra 3 % per year by providing a " service " instead of a " product , " you still require food , water , shelter , energy , clothing , tools , transportation , commercial space , medical care , municipal support services ( like police , fire , emergency services , and sewage treatment ) , leisure activities , communications and information , schooling , and on and on .
An economy that is growing at 3 % per year is doubling in size every 23 years -- requiring , every 23 years , a doubling in the number of cities , food sources , mines , factories , power plants , vehicles , highways , parking lots , schools , sewage treatment plants , hospitals , prisons , discards , trash and dumps .
For a very long time this kind of rapid growth seemed tolerable .
But now things are different -- the earth is full of people and their artifacts .
We can no longer throw things " away " without affecting someone somewhere .
Something else is new as well .
The modern , globalized financial environment ( in which money flows easily across international borders ) , creates tremendous competitive pressure to attract investment by increasing return to investors .
That in turn creates pressure to pass costs along to the general public .
Economists call it " externalizing " costs .
If I dump my chemicals and make you sick , I gain if I can get you to pay your own medical bills , and I gain again if I can get taxpayers to clean up my mess .
Firms have a natural incentive to externalize their costs to the extent possible , but the present " globalized " financial environment has increased that incentive greatly , to improve return to investors .
In sum , let us review the pressures that prevent prevention .
( 1 ) In general , it is difficult to make prevention pay , but remediation can pay handsomely ; this is certainly true for the cancer industry .
In general , financial - political - legal incentives are set up to reward those who create problems and those who supply remedies .
( 2 ) Economic growth entails the continual creation of ever - more and ever - larger messes .
Even if we managed to " green " commerce in every way we can think of today , damage to nature would still be roughly proportional to the size of the human economy because the second law of thermodynamics cannot be evaded .
And we now know that damage to nature gives rise to human disease in myriad ways .
( For evidence , follow leads found here here , and here .)
Now that the earth is full , a growing economy creates palpably - growing health problems , including immune system degradation giving rise to cancers .
( 3 ) The modern economy creates irresistible pressure to increase stock prices , which in turn creates relentless pressure to externalize costs by hook or by crook .
So let 's not kid ourselves .
Yes , cancerbe prevented because for the most part it can't be cured -- it can only be slashed and burned away at enormous cost , personal , social and monetary .
But saying cancerbe prevented is one thing .
Expecting that itbe prevented within the framework of the modern economy is another .
We can never stop working to prevent cancer -- and precautionary policies will always make sense no matter what kind of economy we have -- but until we shift to an economy that does n't require growth , we 'll find ourselves right where we are now -- on an accelerating rat wheel .
As a result , we can expect to be living with more and more cancer at greater and greater cost to ourselves and to our children , accompanied by ever - increasing pain .
It is not a pretty picture .
But at least we can now see it clearly .
=============== [ 1 ]
Richard Clapp , Genevieve Howe , and Molly Jacobs Lefevre , Environmental and Occupational Causes of Cancer ; A Review of Recent Scientific Literature ( Lowell , Mass. : University of Massachusetts at Lowell , The Lowell Center for Sustainable Production , September , 2005 .
Available here and here and here .
Unless otherwise noted , throughout this issue of Rachel 's , footnote numbers inside square brackets refer to pages in this report .
Rapper Snoop
Dogg is reinventing himself - as a family - friendly father on his own reality TV show .
Is he serious ?
By Emma Forrest
The moment Snoop Dogg walks into the suite of The Grafton in West Hollywood , he sits down on the bed opposite a mirror and proceeds to stare at himself .
It 's a fancy hotel room on the debauched Sunset Strip : I imagine all manner of interesting things have taken place in front of this mirror .
But never the self - love reflected here by the 37 - year old rapper and former pimp .
Smoothing his pig - tailed hair , he answers every question to his reflection , to the point where I wonder if it's an acting exercise this ex-Crips gang member picked up from Owen Wilson on the set of Starsky and Hutch ( Snoop played Huggy Bear , one of his several forays into film ) .
Until recently , Snoop , who rose to fame in the 1990s as a protege of NWA 's Dr Dre , was most famous for smoking pot , for popularising the slang suffix " izzle " and for run-ins with the law .
When gangsta rap was at the centre of arguments in favour of censorship , many focused on the misogyny of his record Doggystyle .
When he moved , acrimoniously , from Death Row records to Master P's No Limit label , he incorporated P's Dirty South sound but stuck to the same themes with the top 5 single , Groupie Luv .
In 2004 , he signed to Geffen and , produced by Pharrell Williams , saw Drop It Like It 's Hot go to No 1 .
Having been cleared of a gang - related murder charge in 1993 , it was small potatoes when , in 2007 , following a fracas outside the BA first - class lounge that led to a night in jail , his visa request to enter the UK was rejected .
Incredible as it may seem , now that reality TV is the order of the day , Snoop has rebranded himself as a family - friendly guy , starring in a reality show about himself called Snoop Dogg 's Father Hood , featuring his wife Shante and their children , on the E! cable channel .
" It 's a blessing , " he reflects to his reflection , " to have been in the rap game for so long and to remain so relevant , to remain talked about with the newest and the latest and the hottest , freshest . "
Some would dispute his assessment .
The thing that makes hip - hop different from other genres is that credibility is often found in the level of your success , not the quality of your music .
Unless you 're Afrika Bambaataa , your relevance is marked by sales more than by musical innovation .
The music business is seen as a hustle , so putting out records is a start , but then you need to capitalise on it .
( Jay - Z may be the best example : as well as scoring hit records , he runs a record label and a clothing line . )
Snoop put out one record in the 90s that was both catchy and unique , Gin and Juice , and from that he 's launched his own video games , porn DVDs , a soft drink called Pimp Juice , movie roles , and now the reality show .
In that respect , he is a total success for working the hustle so well .
" I earned the right to call my album Ego Trippin ' , " he tells the mirror .
" Nine records in 15 years , top 10 every time I come .
I earned the right to do that .
Fuck whoever do n't like it . "
His publicist has warned me to make his album the focus of my questions , but the truth is that he has very little to say about it .
Fair enough , music is not necessarily any fun to deconstruct .
His responses are near catatonic , with an edge that suggests if only he were n't so bored by the questions they would be making him angry .
But he comes to life when I raise the subject of Barack Obama 's recent speech on race .
" What did he say ? " he asks , raising an eyebrow to himself , flirting with his own angular lines .
" Well , he 's having to disassociate himself from his pastor , who was criticised for saying , essentially , that America is built on racism . "
" It is ! " he screeches at the mirror .
I 'm not quite sure where I 'm supposed to be looking : it 's a bit like talking to someone with a wall eye .
" Right , but because he wants to be president he still has to disavow this confidant of 25 years , " I say .
" Black America support him on that .
By any means necessary .
Get in that White House .
Then once he get in , he can catch up to old relationships .
' Cos they looking for a loophole to make him not win . "
He almost looks at me , but then seems to think better of it as he whispers : " The KKK gave Obama money . "
" Really ? "
" YES . "
Snoop has an interesting verbal mannerism of capitalising words without putting any exclamation at the end .
" They was one of his biggest supporters . "
" I 've never heard that . "
" YES .
Why would n't they be ?
The media wo n't tell you that .
They do n't want you to know that .
They just want you to know that this nigger befriended this other nigger who be threatening your values .
But we all know all presidents lie to get into fucking office .
That 's they job . "
Does he agree with the widely held sentiment that Bill Clinton was the " first black president " ?
" He was closest we gonna get to the first black president .
He related to black needs and black values , black understanding and racism .
He from Little Rock , Arkansas .
That 's a black - dominated world .
He was part of us .
That 's why every day was happy when he was in office .
It was just the funnest time in the world .
Everything worked . "
If Obama were in the room , I get the sense Snoop would let him share the mirror .
" In America 's eyes , that muthafucker 's gonna be the president ' cos [ John ] McCain can't fuck with him .
Hillary [ Clinton ] can't fuck with him .
He 's winning over white people , white ladies . "
I mention a recent survey that revealed older black women 's reluctance to vote for Obama because they have a maternal fear that , if elected , he would be assassinated .
Snoop sits up straight .
" It 's real !
It 's true shit .
That 's the White House .
No niggers allowed ! "
So what about Condoleeza Rice ?
Snoop slouches .
" They need us to manipulate and do the bad shit because we conversate and our colour is friendly with other peoples .
This colour " - he traces a loving finger down his cheek - " is friendly with every country .
That white colour " - he points at me - " ai n't friendly .
The white man be threatening the Indian .
The white man be threatening the slaves .
The white man be threatening the Australians . "
( I think he is talking about atrocities against the Aboriginal people . )
" That face ai n't to be trusted .
That 's why Condoleeza does all the conversatin ' and all the chores around the world .
Remember when Clinton was in office , he had the black dude move for him ? "
Vernon Jordan ?
" Yeah , that nigger that covered up shit for him : ' Say you never had sex with that woman ... '"
I ask why it is that Snoop does n't address these strong political convictions in his music .
" I feel it affect me , but I do n't need to be crying and shit on my records . "
Not like Mos Def or Talib Kweli , whose music is the medium , is the message .
Snoop is bored again .
So bored .
I am riveted because I was sure , as a businessman , he would have stayed on family - friendly message .
Is n't he supposed to be just a regular family guy now ?
" But I am .
That 's what I always been .
People in London always get information on me as far as when I go to jail and my criminal record .
Negative things .
They never hear about my football team , my wife , my kids , my standing in the community , the gang interventions that I do .
They do n't give a fuck about it ! "
He focuses very hard on his reflection as he does an impression of a news anchor announcement : " ' Today Snoop Dogg was arrested for ... '
As opposed to -" and now his voice is sotto , even coy - " Snoop Dogg done something very nice in the community today . "
He nods at his reflection in deference to his own nice doing , and I ask who he considers the most inspirational black leaders in America today .
" Minister Louis Farrakhan .
Snoop Dogg . "
I laugh .
He purses his lips and gives the mirror a look so deadly it tells me that accidentally laughing at Snoop is equivalent to accidentally laughing at a regular man during sex .
Since he 's brought up Farrakhan , often vilified for his antisemitic remarks , I ask if he can explain how blacks and Jews , who worked together so closely during the civil rights movement , now seem so far apart .
" That 's the way the system has designed it .
When they seen us becoming family , becoming close , that 's when government and people behind the scenes created a negative inference between us .
If the blacks and the Jews had stayed family then the blacks would have never suffered because the Jews would have showed us how to make money and keep it in the family . "
Spoken like a true Farrakhan follower .
One of the most frustrating things about Snoop is that he and his pimpdom were already aberrations when they emerged .
The majority of hip - hop voices at that time ( groups like A Tribe Called Quest and Public Enemy ) had been more socially progressive on everything , including attitudes to women , than the mainstream American culture of Playboy and the Hooters restaurant chain .
But , as the industry went corporate and the record labels weeded out the non-pimp , non-gangsta acts and brought in artists who called women bitches and ho's , the Snoop - ification was rapid and lucrative for everyone from the Dogg himself , to the companies peddling his porn and clothing lines .
I have worn scuffed Converse , boy jeans and a T - shirt to this interview because I did n't want Snoop to look at me sexually .
And yet I find myself asking the next question , when the publicist pops her head in to say " two more minutes " .
I stare at him , staring at himself and it comes out like Tourette's .
" What would be my market value , if you were still pimping ? "
Snoop looks up , with interest , for the very first time .
He looks at my face , my hair .
He appears to do a sum in his head .
" Stand up real quick , let me see . "
And I do .
" Oh !
You built nice !
You built like a black girl !
You been sitting on a fortune .
You need the right person to represent you , get the connection .
You could be in the $ 4,000 range . "
Snoop was right .
Us Jews do have all the money .
All the time I had been wondering where mine was , when it was right behind me .
Taking women dressed in diamond collars and leads down the red carpet at awards shows has been labelled hip - hop behaviour , when it 's really just recycled blaxploitation imagery and misogynist buffoonery - to say nothing of Snoop 's other confused political views .
But he will do any dance and put on any persona , if that 's what he thinks will command the most attention .
Recalling that , last year , Snoop was the first artist to release his track as a ringtone prior to a single , it occurs to me that he is actually the ultimate ho , being pimped out by the industry in a fantasy of hyper - sexualised criminality .
And laughing all the way to the bizzle .
· The album Ego Trippin ' is out now on Polydor .
Snoop Dogg 's Father Hood is on the E! cable channel .
Yesterday on Hardball with Chris Matthews :
MATTHEWS : With gas moving up towards five bucks a gallon , Chrystia , do you think that the voters of the United States , if they had a plebiscite and everybody got to vote , would n‘t vote right now to open up the Arctic wilderness , would n‘t vote right now for off - shore if it could get them $ 2 gas ( INAUDIBLE ) gas ?
Would n‘t they be very pragmatic and say , Enough of the environmentalism , we want the cheaper gas ?
Other things a “ plebiscite ” of Americans would “ pragmatically ” vote for unanimously :
A cure for cancer
Free ponies
Lottery wins for everyone
Genetically modified healthy pizza
Of course , if we could go to the polls and “ make it happen , ” we would vote for gasoline to be $ 2.00 a gallon .
But why stop there ?
Why not $ 1.00 ?
Or better yet - FREE !
The thing is , though , if we start offshore drilling immediately , and I will throw in drilling in ANWR and anywhere else you want to drill , the price of gas is not going to drop to $ 2.00 a gallon .
It just is n’t - oil is a fungible commodity , is restricted by our refining capacity , and so on ( take note of the fact that the production of gas - guzzling SUV ’s is tapering off– think there is a connection to oil prices ? ) .
Not to mention the overseas demand in places like China and India and whatnot are going to double over the next ten years .
So $ 2.00 gasoline is just a pipe dream , most certainly will not happen in the long term , and definitely not in the short term .
This is not to say that I am fundamentally opposed to offshore drilling - I have repeatedly stated that any rational energy policy needs to look at every available possibility , to include drilling , increased refining , higher CAFE standards ( not the weak increases that just passed that will not take place until 2020 ) , targeted tax cuts aimed at spurring technological advances in green technologies , nuclear power , and so forth , but the notion we can drill our way out of our current problem is absurd .
As such , it should surprise approximately NO ONE that this will become a key plank in the 2008 Republican election gambit .
Unfortunately for the Republicans , some of the chief supporters of the ban are …
Republicans , as the LA Times notes :
President Bush today called on Congress to clear the way for offshore drilling by the states , saying that it could match current production for 10 years and that new methods allow drilling that protects habitats against oil spills .
With Democrats in Congress opposed to drilling , Bush said their opposition is “ outdated and counterproductive ” and that it “ helped drive gas prices to their current level . ”
Saying that $ 4 - a - gallon gas prices should be “ enough incentive ” for Democrats to act , Bush asked , “ How high do gas prices have to rise before the Democratic Congress will do something about it ? ”
Bush also called for exploration of Alaska ’s Arctic National Wildlife Refuge , a new push for refineries ( he blamed “ lawsuits and red tape ” for the fact that no new refineries have been built in 30 years ) and mining of shale rock for oil .
The president made no mention of his father , President George H.W. Bush , who banned coastal oil exploration in 1990 , or his brother , former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , who long opposed it .
Except to say that much of U.S. energy now “ comes from abroad , that ’s what ’s changed in the last few decades , ” putting “ our economy and our security at risk . ”
In short , yes , Chris Matthews , a plebiscite would probably vote for gasoline at $ 2.00 a gallon , but what would be awesome is if there was some way , some form of giant medium where the sort of information discussed above could get out to the general public .
Some system by which allegedly informed individuals could spread this message to large numbers of people , and when politicians claim that offshore drilling and drilling in ANWR will magically return us to $ 2.00 gasoline , these allegedly informed people could call “ bullshit ! ” and let the public know the pols are full of it .
Maybe even a system in which things are “ broadcast ” into people ’s homes on a box - like apparatus with pictures and sound .
Maybe they could even use high - speed cables and satellite to beam that information to consumers .
That would be awesome , but it would probably require that the people sending the message be smarter than a stump .
I guess we can hope that a magical technology like this is right around the corner .
I bet a plebiscite of the American public would support this kind of technology .
*** Update ***
And then you have this :
Researchers at the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) and Max Planck Institute for Physics in Germany believe they can achieve a significant increase in the accuracy of one of the fundamental constants of nature by boosting an electron to an orbit as far as possible from the atomic nucleus that binds it .
The experiment , outlined in a new paper , * would not only mean more accurate identifications of elements in everything from stars to environmental pollutants but also could put the modern theory of the atom to the most stringent tests yet .
The physicists ' quarry is the Rydberg constant , the quantity that specifies the precise color of light that is emitted when an electron jumps from one energy level to another in an atom .
The current value of the Rydberg constant comes from comparing theory and experiment for 23 different kinds of energy jumps in hydrogen and deuterium atoms .
Researchers have experimentally measured the frequencies of light emitted by these atomic transitions ( energy jumps ) to an accuracy of as high as 14 parts per quadrillion ( one followed by 15 zeros ) , but the value of the Rydberg constant is known only to about 6.6 parts in a trillion -- 500 times less accurate .
The main hurdle to a more accurate value comes from uncertainties in the size of the atom 's nucleus , which can alter the electron 's energy levels and therefore modify the frequency of light it emits .
Another source of uncertainty comes from the fact that electrons sometimes emit and reabsorb short - lived " virtual photons , " a process that also can slightly change the electron 's energy level .
To beat these problems , NIST physicist Peter Mohr and his colleagues propose engineering so - called hydrogen - like Rydberg atoms -- atomic nuclei stripped of all but a single electron in a high - lying energy level far away from the nucleus .
In such atoms , the electron is so far away from the nucleus that the latter 's size is negligible , and the electron would accelerate less in its high - flung orbit , reducing the effects of " virtual photons " it emits .
These simplifications allow theoretical uncertainties to be as small as tens of parts in a quintillion ( one followed by 18 zeros ) .
NIST researchers Joseph Tan and colleagues hope to implement this approach experimentally in their Electron Beam Ion Trap Facility .
The idea would be to strip an atom of all its electrons , cool it and inject a single electron in a high - flying orbit .
Then the researchers would use a sensitive measurement device known as a frequency comb to measure the light absorbed by this Rydberg atom .
The result could be an ultraprecise frequency measurement that would yield an improved value for the Rydberg constant .
Such a measurement would be so sensitive that it could reveal anomalies in quantum electrodynamics , the modern theory of the atom .
* U.D. Jentschura , P.J. Mohr , J.N. Tan and B.J. Wundt , Fundamental constants and tests of theory in Rydberg states of hydrogen - like ions , Physical Review Letters , 100 , 160404 ( 2008 ) , posted online April 22 , 2008 .
Olbermann lambasts Senator Clinton over RFK assassination comments Nick Langewis and David Edwards
Published : Saturday May 24 , 2008
|
Print This Email This
An enraged Keith Olbermann had no shortage of words for Senator Hillary Clinton over her recent invocation of a political assassination , something he calls " unforgivable , " while speaking on her continued run for the presidency .
" My husband , " said Clinton during an interview with the editorial board of Sioux Falls , South Dakota 's Argus Leader , " did not wrap up the nomination in 1992 until he won the California primary somewhere in the middle of June , right ?
We all remember Bobby Kennedy was assassinated in June in California . "
The Senator made a similar statement in a March interview with Time Magazine .
" Having a primary contest go through June is nothing particularly unusual , " she said .
" We will see how it unfolds as we go forward over the next three to four months . "
Senator Clinton later apologized .
" I regret that if my referencing that moment of trauma for our entire nation and in particular the Kennedy family was in any way offensive , " she said .
" I certainly had no intention of that whatsoever . "
Clinton and her camp went on to say that she was simply referencing historical fact in that both President Clinton and Senator Kennedy had been part of races that had continued into June of the election year without an official nominee .
" It is clear from the context that Hillary was invoking a familiar political circumstance in order to support her decision to stay in the race through June , " added Robert F. Kennedy Jr. in a statement on the matter .
" I have heard her make this reference before , also citing her husband 's 1992 race , both of which were hard fought through June .
I understand how highly charged the atmosphere is , but I think it is a mistake for people to take offense . "
Olbermann queries : " Those words , Senator ?
" You actually invoked the nightmare of political assassination ?
You actually invoked the specter of an inspirational leader at the seeming moment of triumph for himself and a battered nation , yearning to breathe free , silenced forever ?
" You actually use the word ' assassination ' in the middle of a campaign with a loud undertone of racial hatred and gender hatred and political hatred ?
You actually use the word ' assassination ' in a time when there is a fear , unspoken but vivid and terrible , that our again troubled land and fractured political landscape might target a black man running for President ?
Or a white man ?
Or a white woman ? "
As June 5th , the 40th anniversary of Senator Kennedy 's assassination , approaches , Olbermann finds Clinton 's remarks particularly insensitive when compounded with Senator Edward Kennedy 's recent diagnosis with a malignant brain tumor .
The invocation itself and its timing , Olbermann opines , " [ open ] a door wide into the soul of somebody who seeks the highest office in this country , and through that door shows something not merely troubling , but frightening . "
The entire speech , as broadcast on MSNBC's Countdown with Keith Olbermann on May 23 , 2008 , is available to view below .
Full transcript is available at MSNBC .
Five years after the US - led coalition stormed into Iraq there is set to be another western invasion .
This time it is the world 's biggest oil companies leading the charge , 36 years after Saddam Hussein kicked them out .
The oil giants are seeking access to Iraq 's rich crude reserves , Australian companies BHP Billiton and Woodside are among them .
The Iraqi government wants to make up for the lost opportunities under Hussein 's rule and has the ambitious goal of doubling Iraqi oil production to more than 4 million barrels a day within five years .
Peter Zeihan , an energy analyst at geopolitical intelligence group Stratfor , says there is plenty of incentive for the big oil companies .
" They have the largest , easiest reservoirs to tap , they 're very close to existing export points , there 's infrastructure in place for over double the amount of oil that currently is being produced in Iraq , " Mr Zeihan said .
" When Iraq does ultimately open up in a big way and allow greenfield investments , every single oil major in the world wants to be part of that play .
And if that means signing deals that you 're not exactly thrilled with today , so be it . "
The Iraqi government insists the companies that win contracts must take on a local partner who in turn must have a minimum 25 per cent stake in the deal .
In an attempt to fast track oil production the government will award six contracts on a no - bid basis , to a handful of mainly US companies .
The move has been criticised by some US law - makers but State Department spokesman Tom Casey insists Iraqi arms were not twisted .
" The United States was not involved in any decisions to award contracts , to make determinations of what kinds of contracts would be offered , " Mr Casey said .
Still the mad rush for Iraqi oil has reignited debate over why the US invaded Iraq in the first place .
Rick Barton of the Washington based Centre for Strategic and International Studies says gaining access to the Iraqi oil fields was always a key strategic motivation .
" Of course oil is important .
It matters to the world , it is one of the true assets of this region , " Mr Barton said .
" And to be more matter of fact about it and then to make it clear to people that really the more oil that is produced and exported , it 's better for the world markets and it's better for the Iraqis . "
" Instead of people being coy about it , my feeling is that total transparency makes it - takes away the argument . "
The Iraqi government hopes to sign most of the oil deals by the middle of next year .
Adapted from a report by Washington correspondent Michael Rowland for AM
Some new details about the starships in the new Star Trek movie have come out — and they answer a major nagging question about the movie 's over - arching plot .
It seems as though we 'll be getting to see a variety of types of ships , including one you might not have expected .
Details ( and spoilers ) ahead .
Advertisement
Even though we were led to believe the movie follows young Jim Kirk and friends as they grow through Starfleet Academy , the movie also spends a lot of time on the Enterprise , according to Trek Movie .
As in the series , the bridge on The Enterprise will be the primary set for the Star Trek film .
And while we do get to see James Kirk ( Chris Pine ) take the helm we will also watch Christopher Pike ( Bruce Greenwood ) in command as well .
Other areas on the Enterprise that appeared in filming include staple Trekkie locations such as crew quarters , sickbay , engineering , the long winding corridors and the transporter room .
Advertisement
Other filming locations and possible plot details include a run-in with the time traveling Romulans .
Their ship will appear in the movie under the command of Nero ( Eric Bana ) .
According to TrekMovie 's inside sources the Romulan ship will be different from the Romulan ships from Star Trek : The Next Generation .
We 'll also get to see an older ship , the U.S.S.
Kelvin , plus one of its medical shuttles — and Jim Kirk 's dad George is the first officer .
Meanwhile , there 's been a lot of speculation about how older Spock ( Leonard Nimoy ) travels back through time .
( Or whether he time - travels or just reminisces . )
According to TrekMovie , Spock does time travel , in his own one - man Vulcan space / time ship .
There 's more set info and spoilery details at TrekMovie TrekMovie.com .
Eyevine
AFTER all the blood and blunders , people are right to be sceptical when good news is announced from Iraq .
Yet it is now plain that over the past several months , while Americans have been distracted by their presidential primaries , many things in Iraq have at long last started to go right .
This improvement goes beyond the fall in killing that followed General David Petraeus 's “ surge ” .
Iraq 's government has gained in stature and confidence .
Thanks to soaring oil prices it is flush with money .
It is standing up to Iraq 's assorted militias and asserting its independence from both America and Iran .
The overlapping wars — Sunni against American , Sunni against Shia and Shia against Shia — that harrowed Iraq after the invasion of 2003 have abated .
The country no longer looks in imminent danger of flying apart or falling into everlasting anarchy .
In September 2007 this newspaper supported the surge not because we had faith in Iraq but only in the desperate hope that the surge might stop what was already a bloodbath from becoming even worse ( see article ) .
The situation now is different : Iraq is still a mess , but something approaching a normal future for its people is beginning to look achievable .
The guns begin to fall silent
As General Petraeus himself admits , and our briefing this week argues , the change is fragile , and reversible ( see article ) .
But it is real .
Only a few months ago , Iraq was in the grip not only of a fierce anti-American insurgency but also of a dense tangle of sectarian wars , which America seemed powerless to stop .
Those who thought it was just making matters worse by staying on could point to the bloody facts on the ground as evidence .
But now it is time to look again .
Each of those overlapping conflicts has lately begun to peter out .
A few Sunnis , motivated by Islam or simple resentment of foreign military occupation , continue to attack American forces .
But many Sunni tribes , repelled by the atrocities committed by their former and often foreign allies in al - Qaeda , have joined the so - called Sunni awakening , the Sahwa , and crossed over to America 's side .
At the same time , Sunnis and Shias have stopped killing each other in the vast numbers that followed the blowing up of a Shia shrine in early 2006 .
General Petraeus 's surge is only one reason for this .
Another reason , less flattering to the Americans , is that after last year 's frenzied ethnic cleansing fewer neighbourhoods are still mixed .
But it is also the case that a lot of Iraqis , having waded briefly into the horror of indiscriminate sectarian slaughter , have for the present made a conscious decision to step back .
The conflict between Shias and Shias has died down too .
In the past few weeks Iraq 's prime minister , Nuri al - Maliki , has belied a reputation for weakness by sending the army to take control of the port city of Basra and the Baghdad slum known as Sadr City , both strongholds until then of the powerful militia run by Muqtada al - Sadr , a vehemently anti-American Shia cleric .
The fact that Mr Sadr considered it wise not to resist suggests not only that the army is now strong enough to out - face private militias but also that the state has acquired far greater political legitimacy , in Shia minds at least .
Needless to say , these conflicts could resume .
The Sunnis fighting on America 's side today could direct their fire back towards the Americans and Shias tomorrow if not enough room is made for them in the new , Shia - dominated order .
On the Shia side , it is not clear whether Mr Sadr has given up violence for good .
And his is not the only political movement to have a private army .
Sunnis , Shias and Kurds alike still see their respective militias as a hedge against an uncertain future .
To that extent , Iraq is still far from normality .
But if the calm survives , politics will at least have a chance .
Mr Maliki 's next job is therefore to go ahead with the provincial elections due before the end of the year .
A good showing by the Sunnis , too few of whom voted in 2005 , could bring them back into the political mainstream , enabling them to wield serious power in their own provinces at least .
The elections can also provide a useful alternative path to power for the Sadrists , if they really have given up violence and decide to take part .
George Bush meanwhile has a further part to play , which consists mainly of not doing things that might tempt him .
He should not , for example , attack Iran .
One of the impressive things about Iraq 's present government is its refusal to take sides between America and its next - door neighbour .
It needs good relations with both if it is to prosper .
Mr Bush has also to find a way to leave to his successor the business of negotiating a new agreement on the status of American forces in Iraq .
This may become a toxic issue in Iraq 's elections as the existing UN mandate expires .
Mr Maliki is said to want a guarantee that America will defend its borders .
His opponents accuse America of seeking permanent bases in Iraq , turning it into a vassal .
It would be wrong for a lame duck in Washington to tie the hands of the next administration on such matters .
It 's really not about that any more
In highlighting the improved conditions in Iraq we do not mean to justify The Economist 's support of the invasion of 2003 ( see article ) .
Too many lives have been shattered for that .
History will still record that the invasion and occupation have been a debacle .
Iraqis even now live under daily threat of violent death : hundreds are killed each month .
They remain woefully short of the necessities of life , such as jobs , clean water and electricity .
Iraq 's government is gaining confidence faster than competence .
It is still fractious , and in many places corrupt .
Nor does it follow that a turn for the better necessarily validates John McCain 's insistence on America staying indefinitely .
A safer Iraq might make Barack Obama 's plan to pull out most American troops within 16 months more feasible , though at the moment a precipitate withdrawal looks foolish .
But to guard the fragile improvements , the key for America must be flexibility .
Both candidates have to keep their options open .
If America 's next president gets Iraq wrong because he has boxed himself in during the campaign , all the recent gains may be squandered and Iraq will slide swiftly back into misery and despair .
That would be to fail twice over .
Dandelion Salad
by William Blum
www.killinghope.org
July 4 , 2008
The Anti-Empire Report
Read this or George W. Bush will be president the rest of your life
Some thoughts on “ patriotism ” written on July 4
Most important thought : I ’m sick and tired of this thing called “ patriotism ” .
The Japanese pilots who bombed Pearl Harbor were being patriotic .
The German people who supported Hitler and his conquests were being patriotic , fighting for the Fatherland .
All the Latin American military dictators who overthrew democratically - elected governments and routinely tortured people were being patriotic — saving their beloved country from “ communism ” .
General Augusto Pinochet of Chile : “ I would like to be remembered as a man who served his country . ” [ 1 ]
P.W. Botha , former president of apartheid South Africa : “ I am not going to repent .
I am not going to ask for favours .
What I did , I did for my country . ” [ 2 ]
Pol Pot , mass murderer of Cambodia : “ I want you to know that everything I did , I did for my country . ” [ 3 ]
Tony Blair , former British prime minister , defending his role in the murder of hundreds of thousands of Iraqis : “ I did what I thought was right for our country . ” [ 4 ]
I wo n’t bore you with what George W. has said .
At the end of World War II , the United States gave moral lectures to their German prisoners and to the German people on the inadmissibility of pleading that their participation in the holocaust was in obedience to their legitimate government .
To prove to them how legally inadmissable this defense was , the World War II allies hanged the leading examples of such patriotic loyalty .
I was once asked after a talk : “ Do you love America ? ” I answered : “ No ” .
After pausing for a few seconds to let that sink in amidst several nervous giggles in the audience , I continued with : “ I do n’t love any country .
I ’m a citizen of the world .
I love certain principles , like human rights , civil liberties , democracy , an economy which puts people before profits . ”
I do n’t make much of a distinction between patriotism and nationalism .
Some writers equate patriotism with allegiance to one ’s country and government , while defining nationalism as sentiments of ethno-national superiority .
However defined , in practice the psychological and behavioral manifestations of nationalism and patriotism — and the impact of such sentiments on actual policies — are not easily distinguishable .
Howard Zinn has called nationalism “ a set of beliefs taught to each generation in which the Motherland or the Fatherland is an object of veneration and becomes a burning cause for which one becomes willing to kill the children of other Motherlands or Fatherlands . ” [ 5 ] …
“ Patriotism is used to create the illusion of a common interest that everybody in the country has . ” [ 6 ]
Strong feelings of patriotism lie near the surface in the great majority of Americans .
They ’re buried deeper in the more “ liberal ” and “ sophisticated ” , but are almost always reachable , and ignitable .
Alexis de Tocqueville , the mid-19th century French historian , commented about his long stay in the United States : “ It is impossible to conceive a more troublesome or more garrulous patriotism ; it wearies even those who are disposed to respect it . ” [ 7 ]
George Bush Sr. , pardoning former Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger and five others in connection with the Iran - Contra arms - for - hostages scandal : “ First , the common denominator of their motivation — whether their actions were right or wrong — was patriotism . ” [ 8 ]
What a primitive underbelly there is to this rational society .
The US is the most patriotic , as well as the most religious , country of the so - called developed world .
The entire American patriotism thing may be best understood as the biggest case of mass hysteria in history , whereby the crowd adores its own power as troopers of the world ’s only superpower , a substitute for the lack of power in the rest of their lives .
Patriotism , like religion , meets people ’s need for something greater to which their individual lives can be anchored .
So this July 4 , my dear fellow Americans , some of you will raise your fists and yell : “ U! S! A! U! S! A ! ” .
And you ’ll parade with your flags and your images of the Statue of Liberty .
But do you know that the sculptor copied his mother ’s face for the statue , a domineering and intolerant woman who had forbidden another child to marry a Jew ?
“ Patriotism , ” Dr. Samuel Johnson famously said , “ is the last refuge of a scoundrel . ”
Ambrose Bierce begged to differ —
It is , he said , the first .
“ Patriotism is the conviction that this country is superior to all other countries because you were born in it . ”
George Bernard Shaw
“ Actions are held to be good or bad , not on their own merits but according to who does them , and there is almost no kind of outrage — torture , the use of hostages , forced labour , mass deportations , imprisonment without trial , forgery , assassination , the bombing of civilians — which does not change its moral colour when it is committed by ‘ our ’ side . …
The nationalist not only does not disapprove of atrocities committed by his own side , but he has a remarkable capacity for not even hearing about them . ” George Orwell [ 9 ]
“ Pledges of allegiance are marks of totalitarian states , not democracies , ” says David Kertzer , a Brown University anthropologist who specializes in political rituals .
“ I ca n’t think of a single democracy except the United States that has a pledge of allegiance . ” [ 10 ]
Or , he might have added , that insists that its politicians display their patriotism by wearing a flag pin .
Hitler criticized German Jews and Communists for their internationalism and lack of national patriotism .
Along with Mussolini in Italy , the Führer demanded that “ true patriots ” publicly vow and display their allegiance to their respective fatherlands .
Postwar democratic governments of the two countries made a conscious effort to minimize such shows of national pride .
( Oddly enough , the American Pledge of Allegiance was written by Francis Bellamy , a founding member , in 1889 , of the Society of Christian Socialists , a group of Protestant ministers who asserted that “ the teachings of Jesus Christ lead directly to some form or forms of socialism . ” )
Following the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979 , we could read that there ’s “ now a high degree of patriotism in the Soviet Union because Moscow acted with impunity in Afghanistan and thus underscored who the real power in that part of the world is . ” [ 11 ]
“ Throughout the nineteenth century , and particularly throughout its latter half , there had been a great working up of this nationalism in the world .
…
Nationalism was taught in schools , emphasized by newspapers , preached and mocked and sung into men .
It became a monstrous cant which darkened all human affairs .
Men were brought to feel that they were as improper without a nationality as without their clothes in a crowded assembly .
Oriental peoples , who had never heard of nationality before , took to it as they took to the cigarettes and bowler hats of the West . ” H.G. Wells , English writer [ 12 ]
“ The very existence of the state demands that there be some privileged class vitally interested in maintaining that existence .
And it is precisely the group interests of that class that are called patriotism . ”
Mikhail Bakunin , Russian anarchist [ 13 ]
“ To me , it seems a dreadful indignity to have a soul controlled by geography . ”
George Santayana , American educator and philosopher
Dr. Strangelove
There have been numerous books published on the 1962 Cuban missile crisis .
I have not read one of them .
There ’s another one just out : “ One Minute to Midnight , ” by Washington Post writer Michael Dobbs .
I will not be reading it .
The reason authors keep writing these books and publishers keep publishing them is obvious :
How close the world came to a nuclear war between the United States and the Soviet Union !
Arthur Schlesinger , Jr. , historian and adviser to President Kennedy , termed it “ the most dangerous moment in human history . ” [ 14 ]
But I ’ve never believed that .
Such a fear is based on the belief that either or both of the countries was ready and willing to unleash their nuclear weapons against the other .
However , this was never in the cards because of MAD — Mutually Assured Destruction .
By 1962 , the nuclear arsenals of the United States and the Soviet Union had grown so large and sophisticated that neither superpower could entirely destroy the other ’s retaliatory force by launching a missile first , even with a surprise attack .
Retaliation was certain , or certain enough .
Starting a nuclear war was committing suicide .
If the Japanese had had nuclear bombs , Hiroshima and Nagasaki would not have been destroyed .
Russian leader Nikita Khrushchev was only looking for equality .
The United States had missiles and bomber bases already in place in Turkey and other missiles in Western Europe pointed toward the Soviet Union .
Khrushchev later wrote :
The Americans had surrounded our country with military bases and threatened us with nuclear weapons , and now they would learn just what it feels like to have enemy missiles pointing at you ; we ’d be doing nothing more than giving them a little of their own medicine .
…
After all , the United States had no moral or legal quarrel with us .
We had n’t given the Cubans anything more than the Americans were giving to their allies .
We had the same rights and opportunities as the Americans .
Our conduct in the international arena was governed by the same rules and limits as the Americans . [ 15 ]
Virtually every president from Truman on has been exhorted by one Dr. Strangelove or another , military or civilian , to use The Bomb when things were going badly , such as in Korea or Vietnam or Cuba , or to use it against the Soviets directly , unprovoked , to once and for all get rid of those commie bastards that were causing so much trouble in so many countries .
And not one president gave in to this pressure .
They would have been MAD to do so .
Which is why all the scary talk of recent years about Saddam Hussein and Iran and all their alleged and potential weapons of mass destruction was just that — scary talk .
Hussein was not , and the Iranians are not , MAD .
The only modern - day leaders I would not make this assumption about are Osama bin Laden and Dick Cheney .
The latter is a genuine Dr. Strangelove .
In a few weeks we ’ll once again be marking the anniversary of the two nuclear bombings of Japan .
Remarkably , the bombings are still highly controversial .
I believe that the evidence clearly shows that the Japanese were already defeated and trying to surrender , thus obviating the need for the bombings .
My essay on this can be found at http://members.aol.com/essays6/abomb.htm
The Cold War was a marvelous era for Armageddon humor .
Here is US General Thomas Power speaking in December 1960 about things like nuclear war and a first strike by the United States : “ The whole idea is to kill the bastards !
At the end of the war , if there are two Americans and one Russian , we win ! ”
The response from one of those present was : “ Well , you ’d better make sure that they ’re a man and a woman . ” [ 16 ]
Economics 101 remedial
The economists who defend the perpetual crises of the capitalist system — the sundry speculative bubbles followed by bursting bubbles followed by a trail of tears — most often turn to “ supply and demand ” as the ultimate explanation and justification for the system .
This provides an impersonal , neutral - sounding , and respectable , almost scientific , cover for the vagaries of free enterprise .
They would have us believe that we should n’t blame the crises on greed or speculation or manipulation or criminal activity because such flawed human behavior is overridden by “ supply and demand ” .
It ’s a law , remember , “ the law of supply and demand ” is its full name .
And where does this “ law ” come from ?
Congress ?
Our ancestral British Parliament ?
No , nothing so commonplace , so man-made .
No , they would have us believe that it must come from nature .
It works virtually like a natural law , does it not ?
And we violate it or ignore it at our peril .
Thus have we all been raised .
But great cracks in the levee have been appearing in recent years , in unlikely places , such as the Senate of the United States , which issued a lengthy report in 2006 ( when a gallon of gasoline had already passed the three dollar mark ) entitled : “ The role of market speculation in rising oil and gas prices ” .
Here are some excerpts :
“ The traditional forces of supply and demand cannot fully account for these increases [ in crude oil , gasoline , etc. ] .
While global demand for oil has been increasing … global oil supplies have increased by an even greater amount .
As a result , global inventories have increased as well .
Today , U.S. oil inventories are at an 8 - year high , and OECD [ mainly European ] oil inventories are at a 20 - year high .
Accordingly , factors other than basic supply and demand must be examined . ”
“ Over the past few years , large financial institutions , hedge funds , pension funds , and other investment funds have been pouring billions of dollars into the energy commodities markets … to try to take advantage of price changes or to hedge against them .
Because much of this additional investment has come from financial institutions and investment funds that do not use the commodity as part of their business , it is defined as ‘ speculation ’ by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission ( CFTC ) .
According to the CFTC , a speculator ‘ does not produce or use the commodity , but risks his or her own capital trading futures in that commodity in hopes of making a profit on price changes . ’
[ Futures contracts gamble on the price goods will fetch on a particular date in the future ; the contracts are traded like stocks . ]
The large purchases of crude oil futures contracts by speculators have , in effect , created an additional demand for oil , driving up the price of oil to be delivered in the future in the same manner that additional demand for the immediate delivery of a physical barrel of oil drives up the price on the spot market .
…
Although it is difficult to quantify the effect of speculation on prices , there is substantial evidence that the large amount of speculation in the current market has significantly increased prices . ”
The prices arrived at daily on the commodity exchanges ( primarily the New York Mercantile Exchange — NYMEX ) , for the various kinds of oil are used as principal international pricing benchmarks , and play an important role in setting the price of gasoline at the pump .
A good part of the Senate report deals with how the CFTC is no longer able to properly regulate commodity trading to prevent speculation , manipulation , or fraud because much of the trading takes place on commodity exchanges , in the US and abroad , that are not within the CFTC ’s purview .
“ Persons within the United States seeking to trade key U.S. energy commodities — U.S. crude oil , gasoline , and heating oil futures — now can avoid all U.S. market oversight or reporting requirements by routing their trades through the ICE Futures exchange in London instead of the NYMEX in New York . …
To the extent that energy prices are the result of market manipulation or excessive speculation , only a cop on the beat with both oversight and enforcement authority will be effective . …
The trading of energy commodities by large firms on OTC [ over - the - counter ] electronic exchanges , was exempted from CFTC oversight by a provision inserted at the behest of Enron and other large energy traders into the Commodity Futures Modernization Act of 2000 . ” [ 17 ]
A tale told many times .
While you and I go about our daily lives trying to be good citizens , the Big Boys , the Enron Boys , are busy lobbying the Congress Boys .
They call it “ modernization ” , or some other eye - rolling euphemism , and we get screwed .
The Washington Post recently had this to report on the Enron and Congress Boys : “ Wall Street banks and other large financial institutions have begun putting intense pressure on Congress to hold off on legislation that would curtail their highly profitable trading in oil contracts — an activity increasingly blamed by lawmakers for driving up prices to record levels . …
But the executives were met with skepticism and occasional hostility .
‘ Spare us your lecture about supply and demand , ’ one of the Democratic aides said , abruptly cutting off one of the executives . …
A growing number of members of Congress have reacted to public outrage over skyrocketing gasoline prices by introducing at least eight bills that restrict the ability of financial companies to buy futures contracts , [ require companies to ] disclose more about those investments or stiffen federal oversight of energy trades . ” [ 18 ]
Some further testimony from the 2006 Senate hearing :
“ There has been no shortage , and inventories of crude oil and products have continued to rise .
The increase in prices has not been driven by supply and demand . ” — Lord Browne , Group Chief Executive of BP ( formerly British Petroleum ) “ Senator … I think I have been very clear in saying that I do n’t think that the fundamentals of supply and demand — at least as we have traditionally looked at it — have supported the price structure that ’s there . ” — Lee Raymond , Chairman and CEO , ExxonMobil
“ What ’s been happening since 2004 is very high prices without record - low stocks .
The relationship between U.S. [ oil ] inventory levels and prices has been shredded , has become irrelevant . ”
— — Jan Stuart , Global Oil Economist , UBS Securities ( which calls itself “ the leading global wealth manager ” )
In 2008 , when a gallon of gasoline had passed the four dollar mark , OPEC Secretary General Abdalla Salem el - Badri stated : “ There is clearly no shortage of oil in the market . ”
El - Badri “ blamed high oil prices on investors seeking ‘ better returns ’ in commodities after a drop in equity prices and the value of the dollar . ” [ 19 ]
Finally , defenders of the way the system works insist that the oil companies have been experiencing great increases in their costs , due particularly to oil running out , so - called “ peak oil ” .
It costs much more to find and extricate the remaining oil and the companies have to pass these costs to the consumer .
Well , class , if that is so , then the companies should be making about the same net profit as before peak oil — X - dollars more in expenses , X - dollars added to the price , same amount of profit , albeit a lower percentage of profit to sales , something of interest primarily to Wall Street , not to ordinary human beings .
But the oil companies have not done that .
Their increases in price and profit defy gravity and are not on the same planet as any increases in costs .
Moreover , as economist Robert Weissman of the Multinational Monitor has observed : “ While the price of oil is going up , these companies ’ drilling expenses are not .
Oil can trade at $ 40 a barrel , $ 90 a barrel , or $ 130 a barrel .
It still costs ExxonMobil and the rest of Big Oil only about $ 20 to get a barrel of oil out of the ground . ” [ 20 ]
The above is not meant to be the last word on the subject of why our gasoline is so expensive .
Too much information is hidden , by speculators , oil companies , refiners , and others ; too much activity is unregulated ; too much is moved by psychology more than economics .
The best solution would be to get rid of all the speculative markets — unless they can demonstrate that they serve a human purpose — and nationalize the oil companies .
( Oh my god , he used the “ N ” word ! )
NOTES
[ 1 ] Sunday Telegraph ( London ) , July 18 , 1999
[ 2 ] The Independent ( London ) , November 22 , 1995
[ 3 ] Far Eastern Economic Review ( Hong Kong ) , October 30 , 1997 , article by Nate Thayer , pages 15 and 20
[ 4 ] Washington Post , May 11 , 2007 , p.14
[ 5 ] “ Passionate Declarations ” ( 2003 ) , p.40
[ 6 ] ZNet Magazine , May 2006 , interview by David Barsamian
[ 7 ]
“ Democracy in America ” ( 1840 ) , chapter 16
[ 8 ] New York Times , December 25 , 1992
[ 9 ]
“ Notes on Nationalism ” , p.83 , 84 , in “ Such , Such Were the Joys ” ( 1945 )
[ 10 ] Alan Colmes , “ Red , White and Liberal ” ( 2003 ) , p.30
[ 11 ] San Francisco Examiner , January 20 , 1980 , quoting a “ top Soviet diplomat ”
[ 12 ] “ The Outline of History ” ( 1920 ) , vol .
II , chapter XXXVII , p.782
[ 13 ] “ Letters on Patriotism ” , 1869
[ 14 ] Washington Post Book World , June 24 , 2008 , review of “ One Minute to Midnight ”
[ 15 ] “ Khrushchev Remembers ” ( London , 1971 ) pages 494 , 496
[ 16 ] Fred Kaplan , “ The Wizards of Armageddon ” ( 1983 ) , p.246 .
For many other examples of Cold War absurdity , see William Blum , “ Freeing the World to Death : Essays on the American Empire ” , chapter 12 : “ Before there were terrorists , there were communists and the Wonderful World of Anti-Communism ”
[ 17 ]
“ The role of market speculation in rising oil and gas prices ” , published by the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations — Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs , United States Senate , June 27 , 2006 .
[ 18 ] Washington Post , June 19 , 2008 , p.D1 , “ Wall Street Lobbies to Protect Speculative Oil Trades ”
[ 19 ] Washington Post , May 10 , 2008 , p.D3
[ 20 ] “ What To Do About the Price of Oil ” , Multinational Monitor , May 28 , 2008 , http://www.multinationalmonitor.org/editorsblog
William Blum is the author of :
Killing Hope : US Military and CIA Interventions Since World War 2
Rogue State : A Guide to the World ’s Only Superpower
West - Bloc Dissident : A Cold War Memoir
Freeing the World to Death : Essays on the American Empire
Portions of the books can be read , and signed copies purchased , at www.killinghope.org
Previous Anti-Empire Reports can be read at this website at “ essays ” .
Any part of this report may be disseminated without permission .
I ’d appreciate it if the website were mentioned .
www.killinghope.org
***
Killing Hope : US Military and CIA Interventions Since World War II
by William Blum
see
International Justice and Impunity : The Case of the United States
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Oil reached $ 140 a barrel for the first time ever Thursday following reports that Libya may cut production and an OPEC official said crude could hit $ 170 a barrel this summer .
Meanwhile , the dollar 's decline against the euro added further upward price pressure .
" I think this is just a combination of all those " factors , said Mark Waggoner , president of Excel Futures in California .
Light , sweet crude for August delivery ended the trading day at a record settlement of $ 139.64 a barrel , up $ 5.09 , on the New York Mercantile Exchange - the third - largest single - day jump on a dollar basis in trading history .
The previous settlement mark of $ 138.54 was set June 6 , when oil prices jumped a record of $ 10.75 a barrel .
Just before the close , oil spiked to an intraday record of $ 140.39 a barrel .
The previous trading high of $ 139.89 was set June 16 .
" This is volatility - based momentum , " said Stephen Schork , publisher of energy trading newsletter The Schork Report .
A lot of bears , investors who bet that the price of oil is going to go down , started buying oil to cover their short sales because they are afraid oil will shoot up overnight , said Schork .
Short selling occurs when investors sell a borrowed security , in this case an oil contract , hoping that the price will go down so they can replace it with another one at a cheaper price .
Short sellers can lose big if the price goes up .
Oil could easily fall as low as $ 132 again , said Waggoner .
But he believes prices will eventually break through $ 140 to top off at around $ 150 - $ 155 a barrel .
Supply worries .
Ongoing concerns over supply disruptions in Africa and the Middle East were the impetus for the surge .
The largest supply concern came out of Libya , which threatened to reduce production .
According to a report by the Bloomberg news service , Shokri Ghanem , chairman of Libya 's National Oil Corporation , said reductions may be made because the market is oversupplied .
Other reasons given by Ghanem : A response to sanctions against Iran , also a member of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries , and a bill being discussed in Congress that could allow lawsuits against OPEC countries .
" Even if they pulled 300,000 barrels a day off the market , that would have an impact , " said Tom Orr , head of research at Weeden & Co .
Speaking to France 24 television Thursday , OPEC president Chakib Khelil said oil prices could rise to between $ 150 and $ 170 a barrel during the summer .
He added that he did n't think oil would hit $ 200 a barrel .
Earlier in the week , Chevron Corp. ( CVX , Fortune 500 ) said workers belonging to Pengassan , a white collar union in Nigeria , had gone on strike .
Strike concerns persisted Thursday , threatening to shutter oil producing facilities .
Tension between Israel and Iran was also a concern .
On Wednesday , Iran 's speaker of the parliament , Ali Larijani , warned that a military strike by western nations or Israel would " cost them heavily . "
Fed rate hold .
Some oil investors may also have been a little disappointed over the Fed 's decision Wednesday to keep a key interbank lending rate at 2 % , according to Phil Flynn , senior market analyst with Alaron Trading in Chicago .
On Thursday morning , the Commerce Department revised the country 's gross domestic product upward to a 1 % annual rate .
But the GDP , along with the Fed 's statement , may not have painted as positive a picture as many oil investors had hoped .
" You put the two together and it was n't enough to ... wow anybody , " said Flynn .
Dollar doldrums .
The dollar slipped against the euro and other major currencies on Thursday morning , a day after the Fed 's announcement .
Oil is traded in dollars , so any strengthening or weakening in U.S. currency has been influencing oil prices over the past several months .
The Fed 's decision was largely expected .
But Flynn said some in the market hoped the Fed would have decided to raise rates , or at least have used stronger language suggesting future rate increases , which would bolster the dollar .
" It was kind of a wishy - washy statement on inflation , " said Flynn .
Oil prices settled down more than $ 2 in the previous session , but crude has been trading in a large range recently , rising or falling about $ 4 a barrel daily .
Two former Turkish generals have been arrested on charges of forming and leading a terrorist group and seeking to overthrow the Islamic - leaning government .
A court ordered the arrest of Sener Eruygur , once head of the paramilitary gendarmerie , and Hursit Tolon , the former first army commander .
They were sent to a prison in Istanbul .
Mr Eruygur is head of the Kemalist Thought Association , which helped organise mass anti-government demonstrations last year .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
They were among 21 people detained last Tuesday in a police investigation into allegations of a coup .
Eight of the detained , including a prominent businessman , had already been arrested .
Media reports said a secret plan was seized during the swoop which called for illegal protests on 7 July across 40 provinces , assassinations and attacks on security forces .
They said the two former generals were suspected of being members of a shadowy , ultra- nationalist secularist group known as Ergenekon , which was already under investigation .
Turkey , which is predominantly Muslim but officially secular , and is seeking to join the European Union , has had four military coups against elected government in the past 50 years .
No top generals have been arrested for political reasons during that time .
Mr Eruygur 's lawyer , Filiz Esen , dismissed the charges as false , saying : We accept none of these accusations . "
DUBAI ( Reuters ) - The U.S. Navy said on Monday it was carrying out an exercise in the Gulf , days after vowing that Iran will not be allowed to block the waterway which carries crude from the world ’s largest oil - exporting region .
A photo released by the U.S. Fifth Fleet in Bahrain shows seven of nine U.S. warships in a flotilla , carrying 17,000 personnel , sailing in the Gulf May 22 , 2007 .
REUTERS / U.S. Fifth Fleet / Handout
“ The aim of Exercise Stake Net is to practice the tactics and procedures of protecting maritime infrastructure such as gas and oil installations , ” Commodore Peter Hudson said in a U.S. Fifth Fleet statement .
The head of Iran ’s Revolutionary Guards said in remarks published late last month that Tehran would impose controls on shipping in the Gulf and the strategic Strait of Hormuz if it was attacked .
Speculation about a possible attack on Iran because of its nuclear program has risen since a report last month said Israel had practiced such a strike .
Vice - Admiral Kevin Cosgriff , the commander of the U.S. Navy ’s Fifth Fleet , said last week the United States would not allow Iran to block the Gulf .
Fear of an escalation in the standoff between the West and Iran , the world ’s fourth largest oil producer , has helped propel oil prices over $ 140 a barrel .
Two U.S. vessels were taking part in the exercise alongside a British warship and one from Bahrain , a Gulf Arab ally which hosts the Fifth Fleet .
“ Stake Net seeks to help ensure a lawful maritime order as well as improve relationships between regional partners , ” the fleet ’s statement said .
Western powers say they fear Iran is seeking to develop nuclear weapons under cover of a civilian nuclear program .
Tehran says the work aims to generate electricity .
A cargo ship hired by the U.S. military fired warning shots at two unidentified boats which approached it in the Gulf in April .
In January , the United States said five small Iranian speedboats aggressively approached three U.S. Navy ships in the Strait of Hormuz and a radio message was transmitted , warning they could explode .
Iran said its boats were simply trying to identify the U.S. vessels and military experts have since said the warning may have come from an independent radio operator .
Euphoric and Organized
Animals - Paper Wasp Venom
Citation : Yellow Jacket .
" Euphoric and Organized : An Experience with Animals - Paper Wasp Venom ( exp27230 ) " .
Erowid.org .
Feb 16 , 2008 .
erowid.org/exp/27230
BODY WEIGHT : 132 lb
The other day I was out picking pears to make hard cider , when all of the sudden I felt a sharp sting on the back of my calf .
I looked at the back of my leg only to find that a paper wasp had stung me 4 times .
With in about 5 min I felt a slight euphoria that persisted for 15 - 20 min .
Afterwards I began to notice that I wasnt having any symptoms of my ADD .
What I mean by this is ; instead of just randomly knocking off pears from the tree , I divided the tree up into sections , and in an orderly manner cleared each section and picked up the pears in an orderly fashion .
Now a simple task like this may seem easy for some , but for those who have ADD organizing a task like this can be daunting .
I also noticed an increase in my working memory .
Normally I can only hold a thought for no more than five seconds , however after being stung my working memory jumped to 2 - 3 minutes .
I also had this immense sexual arousal at the sight of a female body , similar to when I had tried Wellbutrin .
In addition I felt speedy ( similar to amphetamines ) and happy all day .
If given the chance I would definitely try this again .
It seems to have great potential as a sexual recreational bug drug .
It should be noted that I do not take any medications for ADD .
There will be much jostling for position in the chancelleries of Europe and the Middle East this week , as political types from London to Jerusalem compete for the hottest ticket of 2008 : the chance to sit down with Barack Obama .
David Cameron 's team wasted no time in bellowing their delight that they had bagged a meeting with the Democrats ' anointed leader , scheduled for July 26 , announcing it before Downing Street had so much as opened its
mouth .
The distracted newspaper reader could be forgiven for thinking that Obama is crossing the Atlantic solely to meet the leader of the Conservative party , leaving Gordon Brown out in the cold .
There 'll be versions of that little drama played out everywhere the Democratic nominee goes on his grand tour , as local pols compete like kids in the playground to show that they 're Obama 's bestest best friend .
What of the rest of us ?
The US media is assuming that we 'll be turning out in massive numbers , all but throwing street parades for the new American saviour .
Setting the bar high , Obama 's team is said to be encouraging parallels between the candidate 's upcoming visit to Germany and John F Kennedy 's legendary Ich Bin Ein Berliner address in 1963 .
Obviously a warm reception can only be good for the Illinois senator .
But maybe not that warm .
After all , one of the hoariest Republican attack lines deployed against Democratic opponents is that they are vaguely foreign , somehow more comfortable abroad , and therefore likely to put America 's interests second – after those of their elitist friends in Europe .
Remember the Republican nickname for the Democratic nominee of 2004 ?
They called him " Jean Cherie " .
If Europeans really want to help Barack Obama next week they should repress their enthusiasm for him – and stay home .
Ensure those crowds are thin and lethargic ; maybe even offer the odd heckle , perhaps while brandishing a hostile placard .
Let the travelling US press report that Obama is not so popular with foreigners after all : nothing will endear him more to the American public .
For those non-Americans finding it hard to feign coolness towards the Democratic candidate , let me offer two thoughts .
First , as I discussed here , Obama is already tacking towards the centre , away from positions comfortable to Europeans and others .
Second , the Nixon to China syndrome works both ways : just as Republicans can afford to risk looking soft towards those deemed America 's enemies , so Democrats have to bend over backwards to seem tough .
All the pressure would be on a President Obama to prove he was not some patsy appeaser , perhaps by staging an early demonstration of American muscularity .
If it helps , bear all that in mind when Obama hits your neighbourhood .
Remember , if you want him to win in November , do your duty – and do nothing .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement By Sarah Wood
Series producer , BBC Three
Earlier this year a good night out for Stewart Burton might have started on a Saturday afternoon in his home town of Brighton and could easily have carried on for 18 hours , well into Sunday .
Stewart , 25 , would get through up to 60 cigarettes , down nine bottles of beer , followed by several shots and more beer .
He would also dabble in drugs .
That was a good night out for Stewart - but he was starting to notice his lifestyle was having a detrimental impact on his body .
He was n't as fit as he used to be and he often shunned the healthy food in his fridge for yet another take - away .
Stewart was often drinking more than 100 units of booze a week - the government recommends men should drink no more than 21 units .
Bad drunk
And when Stewart got drunk , those around him felt he became a different person .
Stewart thought he was indestructible
His mother , April , said : " He is a demon .
He becomes evil - and it all starts when he starts drinking . "
Stewart 's lifestyle was also starting to take its toll on his relationship with his live - in girlfriend Donella .
She had given him an ultimatum : " Stu needs to clean up his act .
He needs to cut back on his drinking .
" If he does n't do that , then I will have to seriously review the situation of our relationship , because he is going to lose everything if he does n't stop . "
With his relationship on a knife - edge , Stewart put himself forward for Make My Body Younger 's " living autopsy " .
Extensive tests
Every inch of Stewart 's body was examined and his vital organs were tested .
The sperm one was shocking , really bad - I was close to tears
Stewart Burton
He even had a fertility test , though he felt confident about the outcome .
" I know I 've got no problems , " he said .
" I 've got a daughter already .
I know everything is working properly . "
At his " living autopsy " , Stewart was laid out and the first " incision " was made in front of girlfriend Donella , Stewart 's mother and his brothers .
It was a demanding and emotional time for all involved as presenter George Lamb and Dr Andrew Curran revealed Stewart 's results .
One of the most shocking moments for Stewart , Donella and his family was when his brain age was revealed , following a series of cognitive function tests .
Stewart is only 25 but all his hardcore partying resulted in a brain age of 68 .
Donella 's shock at him " having the brain of a pensioner " was something his entire family shared .
Fertility under threat But for Stewart the greatest surprise was the state of his sperm .
Due to his excessive partying lifestyle , Stewart 's fertility test showed his sperm had 91 % deformed heads .
This left a serious question mark over his fertility as normal fertility allows for less than 70 % deformed heads .
Stewart was left stunned by the news .
" The sperm one was shocking , really bad , " he said .
" I was close to tears . "
Back at home in Brighton , the surprises did n't end for Stewart .
He got his very own live - in medic in the shape of Dr Leanne Hayward .
She moved in with Donella and Stewart for three days and gave Stewart valuable information about how to live his life differently - but without having to become a party - free zone .
New start Stewart initially wanted to stop drinking and smoking altogether but this concerned Dr Hayward .
" We need to be really careful with Stewart that he does n't totally stop everything because he could run into more problems , " she said .
" He may be more likely to fall off the wagon if he tries to cut out absolutely everything . "
Stewart and Donella found the early days a struggle and had a few rows .
But slowly Stewart started to feel the benefits of not drinking or smoking as much .
After several weeks , he went back to London for tests to find out the new biological ages of his key organs and the state of his sperm .
Because of Stewart 's improved lifestyle his new brain age came in at 18 years , a massive drop and a testament to his hard work .
But probably the best news for Stewart and Donella was that his fertility test results showed the level of deformity of his sperm was back within the normal range .
Stewart was relieved by the results : " All the hard work has definitely paid off . "
Donella too was delighted .
" I 've got my dream guy , " she said .
" Hopefully we will have a really long and happy future together . "
Make My Body Younger is on BBC
Three on Wednesday 16 July at 2000 BST and for seven days at BBC iPlayer .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
たいていの本はつまらないので、あなたががそのジャンルの本全部読んだ上で「つまらない」と、ある本を言うんだったら認めてやるよ
- 愛・蔵太の気になるメモ( homines id quod volunt credunt )
私は三度の飯よりラーメンが好きなので、わかりやすくラーメンで喩えてみようと思うけど、大体こういう場合に喩え話を交えると、わかりやすさと引き換えに物事の本質がぼやけてしまい、読み手に対して、何が言いたいかということが、ずれて伝わってしまう事がままあるのだけど、それはそれで面白いので、ラーメンで喩える。
世の中に流通しているたいていのラーメンは、不味い、以前にどうでもいい、なので、ある特定ジャンルのラーメンに限定して美味しい・不味いを語るなら、そのジャンルに属するラーメンを全部食べてから言うべきだと思う。
とんこつラーメンなら、世間にとんこつラーメンとして出店されているラーメン屋を全部回ってみるとか。
そんなことはできないって？ カレーファンやナシゴレンファンはみんなやってるぞ。少なくとも、ぼくの知っている人たちは。
あるジャンルのラーメンをけなすのは、だからものすごく簡単でもあり、ものすごく大変でもあるのだった。
こうしてみると、カレーファンはともかく、ナシゴレンファンは案外楽勝な気もするとか、そういうことはどうでも良くて、何となく釈然としないものはあるだろう。
だって、適当に入ったラーメン屋で30分以上待たされたあげく、母なる海のごとく塩辛いスープを吸い続け、十年ぐらい履き続けたパンツのゴムみたいにダルダルな麺に、蝋を固めて塗ったような歯ごたえのチャーシューをトッピングされたものを食わされても、お前はまだラーメンの全てを知らないから、文句は言うなっていう話じゃないですか。
そんなもん食わされたら文句の一言や二言をblogに書いて、それでカンニングのメガネをかけてる方に、お前の日常なんて興味ねえよ、とかって言われたくもなるし、あの騒動に関しては、志村けんは大人だなぁと思いました、まる。
あと、この手の 「 （千〜∞）冊読んでない奴はゴミだから黙ってろ。」メソッドはいまいち信用できなくて、また本題のラーメンの話に戻るけど、元落語家の伊集院光って人が昔ラジオにて、「年間1000食以上ラーメンを食べてる奴が作ってるラーメンのランキングみたいなのがあるけど、あれは俺には参考にならない。だって、そんなに平気でラーメンばっかり食える奴と俺の味覚が合うわけねえもん」みたいな事を言ってたのだけど、それと同じことは読書でも言えると思う。
というのは、二年ぐらい前のプレイボーイでミステリー徹夜本を探せって、特集で、元新潮社の大森望って人が、『クリプトノミコン』という作品を挙げて、読者を選ばない作品と紹介していたのだけど、俺はそんなこと無いと思うのね。面白い事は面白いけど、物語が過去と現在に別れているから、キャラクターを把握するだけでも困難な上に、ことある度に話が細部に飛んで、どうでも良いことばかり語るわ、話の本筋は全然進まないし、進んだと思ったら、いつものスティーヴン通り、いきなり終わっちゃうし。一冊400ページ以上のが四巻もあって長いし。
同席していた北上次郎も途中で挫折したって言ってたよ。
実際、そういうことって結構あると思うんですよ。そのジャンルにはまってる人には楽しくても、門外漢にはちんぷんかんぷんな場合とか。本格推理で言うと、黒死館とか、SFで言うと、イーガンとかレムとか。
無論、特定のジャンルを大量に読んでる人の意見は謹聴に値すると思うし、そのジャンルを包括的に語ろうとするならば、絶対的な読書量は必要になってくるのだけど、個々の作品の場合は必ずしも、その読書家の意見が当てになるとは限らないと思うのです。
確かに、何も知らない人が、適当に一読して、つまんないって、一蹴したらファン心理としてはカチンと来ると思いますけどね。だって何も知らない奴が、CLANNADは糞アニメ。あれだろ、美少女が出てきたら、どうせ何でも喜ぶんだろ、この豚どもがとか抜かしたら、全国の鍵っ子は怒り心頭ですよ。ふーっ、僕の渚たんをよくも馬鹿にしたなあって激怒で、出刃で刺して捻って、プリズン行きで目ざとい新聞社がそのオタの家からわざわざひぐらしを発見して、2chで、またひぐらしかって流れですね、わかります。
もう俺が何が言いたかったのかは、さっぱりわからねえけど。
あと、特定のジャンルの話だけどねぇ、罪の無い少年がですよ。ブラッドベリを読んで「えすえふっておもしろいですね」って言ったら、マニアが「はぁ？ ブラッドベリはSFじゃねえよ、わかった風な口利いてるんじゃねえ、ゴミが」って言って、その少年が「じゃあ、おもしろいえすえふをおしえてください」って言ったら、得意げにディックのヴァリスを放り投げて、数日後、少年が「じゃんきーがくすりやってらりってるだけじゃないですか。どこがえすえふなんですか？」なんて言おうものなら、心無いマニアは「てめえにはセンスオブワンダーが欠片もねえ。SFは百万光年早えから、スニーカーでも読んでろ、糞が」とか言って、それをショックに受けて、スニーカー文庫を手に取った少年が、メジャーだからっていう理由で、小説版ガンダムを読んだから、あら大変。ロンドン橋落ちるとかって、必要の無いトラウマを受けて、数年後、そこには00を面白いと言ってる人々に向かって「ガイア・ギアも知らねえ、ゆとりがガンダムファンだとか言ってるんじゃねえ。あんな糞アニメを面白がってる奴らはさっさと乙女ロードに帰れ」ってのたまう荒んだガンオタになった少年の姿が。で、高みで全てを見守っていた老人が「……こうして争いは繰り返される」ってしたり顔で言うんですよ。お決まりのパターンですよ。人間って醜いですね。
いや、違うんだ。俺が上の段落で言いたかったのは、ジャンル分けなんて、ある種の恣意的なものなのだから、特定のジャンルを全部読むって言う以前に、その特定のジャンルに限定するって言う時点で既に難しいって話なんだ。00とか人間の醜さはどうでもいいんだ、本当。
ただ、冒頭で挙げたエントリに書いてある通り、たいていの本をつまらない、どうでもいいと、考えるならば、つまらないとわざわざ書くのは確かに無意味な気はする。当たり前のことを当たり前に書いたってどうしようもあるまい。無駄な労力を費やすぐらいなら、黙殺すればよろしい。
けど、世の中にはどうでもよくない本。例えば、著名な賞を受賞した本や、ランキングで上位になった本、人気作家が久しぶりに書いた新作などもあるわけで、そういう本に対して、つまらないと感じた場合、何かしらの事を書くのは有効だと思う。やっぱ七万冊も出てる世の中で、本を読む時間にも限度があるわけで、全部自身の眼で面白い、面白くないをチェックするのが不可能である以上、そういう場合に、他人のつまんねーっていう感想が有効な可能性は否定できまい。
もちろん、その他人が全く知らない赤の他人じゃ駄目で、ある程度自分のものさしと合致する人じゃないといけなくて、そういう人を探すのは、面白い本を探す以上になかなか難しいのだけど。そして、その人を探す場合にも、つまらないという感想が有効である可能性もある。場合によっては人を遠ざける事もあると思うけど。
何の話だっけ？ そうそう、最近の私はラーメンよりつけ麺が好きです。
U.S. Department of Defense
Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense ( Public Affairs )
Contracts
FOR RELEASE AT No. 1406-07 5 p.m. ET December 14 , 2007
CONTRACTS
ARMY
Sikorsky Aircraft Corp. , Stratford , CT , was awarded on Dec. 12 , 2007 , a $ 1,477,061,371.00 firm - fixed - price contract for procurement of Army and Navy helicopters , tooling , program systems management and production of technical publications .
Work will be performed in Stratford , CT , and is expected to be completed by Dec. 31 , 2012 .
Contract funds will not expire ate the end of the current fiscal year .
There was one bid solicited on Oct. 20 , 2005 , and one bid was received .
The USA Aviation & Missile Command , Redstone Arsenal , AL , is the contracting activity ( W58RGZ - 08 - C-0003 ) .
EADS North American Defense , Arlington , VA , was awarded on Dec. 12 , 2007 , a $ 213,795,474.00 firm - fixed - price contract for Army ’s Light Utility Helicopter .
Work will be performed in Columbus , MS , and is expected to be completed by Sept. 30 , 2008 .
Contract funds will not expire ate the end of the current fiscal year .
There was one bid solicited on Dec. 12 , 2007 , and one bid was received .
The USA Aviation & Missile Command , Redstone Arsenal , AL , is the contracting activity ( W58RGZ - 06 - C-0194 ) .
Docupak , Pelham , AL , was awarded on Dec. 11 , 2007 , a $ 5,100,000.00 IDIQ ( FFP ) contract for National Guard Marketing Programs .
Work will be performed as determined with each Task Order , and is expected to be completed by Dec. 10 , 2012 .
Contract funds will not expire ate the end of the current fiscal year .
There were FedBizOpps bids solicited on Jul. 23 , 2007 , and three bids were received .
The National Guard Bureau , Arlington , VA , is the contracting activity ( W9133L -08 - D-0001 ) .
Lockheed Martin Electronics and Fire Control - Orlando , Orlando , FL , was awarded on Dec. 11 , 2007 , an $ 80,661,591 firm - fixed - price contract for logistical support for the AH - 64 Apache modernized and legacy target acquisition designation sight assembly and pilot night vision sensor assembly system .
Work will be performed in Orlando , FL , and is expected to be completed by Dec. 31 , 2008 .
Contract funds will not expire ate the end of the current fiscal year .
There was one bid solicited on May 19 , 2006 , and one bid was received .
The USA Aviation & Missile Command , Redstone Arsenal , AL , is the contracting activity ( W58RGZ - 07 - C-0058 ) .
The Boeing Co. , Ridley Park , PA , was awarded on Dec. 12 , 2007 , a $ 5,596,348.00 , contract for CH - 47 landing gear .
Work will be performed in Ridley Park , PA , and is expected to be completed by Mar. 30 , 2016 .
Contract funds will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year .
There was one bid solicited on Apr. 24 , 2007 , and one bid was received .
US Army Aviation & Missile Command , Redstone Arsenal , AL , is the contracting activity ( W58RGZ - 04 - G-0023 ) .
Raytheon – Integrated Defense Systems , Andover , MA , was awarded on Dec. 12 , 2007 , a $ 155,000,000.00 firm - fixed - price contract for Patriot “ Pure Fleet ” tactical assets .
Work will be performed in Andover , MA , and is expected to be completed by Apr. 30 , 2010 .
Contract funds will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year .
There was one bid solicited on Dec. 20 , 2006 , and one bid was received .
US Army Aviation & Missile Command , Redstone Arsenal , AL , is the contracting activity ( W31P4Q-07-C-0151 ) .
AIR FORCE
Raytheon Missile Systems of Tucson Ariz. , is being awarded a firm fixed price contract for $ 161,278,400 .
This action provides 300 miscellaneous unit air foil groups , 300 miscellaneous armament unit enhanced computer control groups , 1,298 weapon guidance unit computer control groups , 1,300 stabilizing and retarding unit air foil groups , 600 global positioning system adapter kits , 1 lot enhanced Paveway III and test equipment spares , 1 lot enhanced PavewayII , 700 certain adapter groups , six readiness test set , six bomb tool kits , three lots of enhanced Pavewaytool sets , three each common munitions bit / reprogramming equipment adapter kits , one each mission planning software , one lot DATA .
This effort supports foreign military sales to Pakistan .
At this time $ 75,698,968 has been obligated .
784th Combat Sustainment Group ( AFMC ) , Hill Air Force Base , Utah is the contracting activity ( FA8213-08 -C-0028 ) .
NAVY
Lockheed Martin Corp. , Maritime Systems and Sensors , Syracuse , N.Y. , to being awarded $ 88,390,000 modification to a previously awarded contract ( M67854-05 -D-2002 ) to increase the ceiling amount for the continued maintenance , sustainment and modernization of the AN / TPS - 59 ( V ) 3 three - dimensional long - range radar system .
This acquisition is for the continued post - production life cycle support of the AN / TPS - 59 radar system and includes engineering studies , evaluations , and analysis in order to support system improvements , eliminate obsolescence , and capitalize on technology insertions .
The contract provides for the design , development , production , and incorporation of hardware , software , and firmware in support of accepted Engineering Change Proposals ( ECPs ) into the end item baseline .
The contract also provides for Contractor Logistics Support ( CLS ) for the provisioning of data products subsequent to ECP procurement , including but not limited to parts list identification data , engineering drawings , change pages to drawings , change pages to technical manuals and updates to interactive electronic technical manuals .
Additionally , the contract provides CLS in the form of a vendor level maintenance program and contractor engineering and technical support services .
Work will be performed in Syracuse , N.Y. , and work is expected to be completed January 2011 if all options are exercised .
Contract funds will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year .
Marine Corps Systems Command , Quantico , Va. , is the contracting activity ( M67854-05-d-2002 ) .
Absher Construction Co. , Puyallup , Wash. , is being awarded a $ 29,920,000 firm - fixed - price contract for design and construction of a bachelor enlisted quarters and a parking garage at Naval Base Kitsap .
An additional $ 40,980,000 will be funded subject to the availability of FY08 funds making the total contract amount $ 70,900,000 .
The work to be performed provides for all labor , materials , and equipment for the design and construction of market style apartments and a parking structure .
Related work includes utility infrastructure design and replacement of existing utilities .
Work will be performed in Bremerton , Wash . , and is expected to be completed by Oct. 2009 .
Contract funds will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year .
This contract was competitively procured via the Naval Facilities Engineering Command e-solicitation website with three proposals received .
The Naval Facilities Engineering Command , Northwest , Silverdale , Wash. , is the contracting activity ( N44255-08 - C-6002 ) .
Harris Corporation , Melborne , Fla. , is being awarded a $ 24,200,000 contract modification to a previously awarded firm - fixed - pricecontract ( N00039 - 00 - D - 3210 ) to increase the ceiling value and the ordering period for an additional nine months .
This effort is for additional AN / WSC - 6 Super High Frequency ( SHF ) Satellite Communications ( SATCOM ) terminals and additional data in accordance with CDRL , DD Form 1423 .
This modification will bring the cumulative value of this contract to an estimated $ 135,498,000 .
Work will be performed in Melborne , Fla. , and work is expected to be completed Mar. 2010 .
Contract funds will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year .
This contract wascompetitively procured and this modification announcement was synopsized via the Commerce Business Daily ’s Federal Business Opportunities website , and the SPAWAR e-Commerce Central website .
The Space and Naval Warfare Systems Command , San Diego , Calif. , is the contracting activity .
Aerospace Control Products , Inc. , DBA CME Div.* , Davenport , Iowa. , is being awarded a $ 16,424,106 firm - fixed - price , indefinite - delivery / indefinite - quantity contract for the procurement of up to 183 commercially available portable oxygen regulator test stands , including engineering and logistics data and training .
Work will be performed in Davenport , Iowa , and is expected to be completed in Dec. 2012 .
Contract funds will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year .
This contract was competitively procured under an electronic request for proposals as a 100 percent small business set - aside ; one offer was received .
The Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division , Lakehurst , N.J. , is the contracting activity ( N68335-08 - D-0007 ) .
BAE Systems , Armament Systems Division , Minneapolis , Minn. , is being awarded a $ 15,899,894 cost - plus - fixed - fee contract for MK 45 , 5 ” Naval gun system , MK 110 , 57 mm Naval gun system and close - in gun system design agent engineering services in support of PEO IWS .
The MK 45 , 5 ” Gun , the MK 110 57 MM gun and close - in gun systems are designed to provide surface fire support for multiple - ship platforms for U.S. Navy , U.S. Coast Guard and various Foreign Military Sales customers .
These engineering services will provide design , development , production , logistics , test , operational and life cycle support for the gun systems .
Work will be performed in Minneapolis , Minn . ( 87.1 percent ) and Louisville , Ky. ( 12.9 percent ) , and work is expected to be completed by Sep. 2012 .
Contract funds will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year .
The contract was not competitively procured .
The Naval Sea Systems Command , Washington Navy Yard , D.C. , is the contracting activity ( N00024-08 - C-5407 ) .
Pratt & Whitney Aircraft Group , East Hartford , Conn. , is being awarded $ 8,676,196 for an extension of an order # 0001 under a previously awarded basic ordering agreement contract ( N00383 - 07 - G- 003 M ) for repair of line items used on the J - 52 engine used on the EA6B aircraft .
Work will be performed in Jacksonville , Fla. , and work is expected to be completed by Mar. 2009 .
Contract funds will not expire at the end of the contract ordering period .
This contract was not awarded competitively .
The Naval Inventory Control Point is the contracting activity .
BAE Systems , Minneapolis , Minn. , is being awarded a $ 7,745,881 firm - fixed - price modification under previously awarded contract ( N00024-05 - C- 5117 ) to exercise an option for a MK 110 Mod 0 , 57 mm gun system .
The MK 110 Mod 0 57 mm gun system is a multi-mission capable medium - caliber shipboard gun system for the U.S. Coast Guard ’s National Security Cutter .
Its primary mission is to deliver high rates of fire , with extreme accuracy , against surface , airborne and shore - based threats with proven effective six - mode programmable , 57 - mm Mk 295 ammunition .
Work will be preformed in Louisville , Ky. ( 78 percent ) ; Karlskoga , Sweden ( 21 percent ) ; and Minneapolis , Minn. ( 1 percent ) , and is expected to be completed by Dec. 2009 .
Contract funds in the amount of $ 88,898 , will expire at the end of the current fiscal year .
The Naval Sea Systems Command , Washington Navy Yard , D.C. , is the contracting activity .
DEFENSE ADVANCED RESEARCH PROJECTS AGENCY
Lockheed Martin Aeronautics Co. , Palmdale , Calif. , was awarded on Dec. 13 , 2007 , a $ 6,031,035 increment of a $ 40,790,279 modification to a previously awarded other transaction for prototypes agreement for phase three of the hypersonic technology vehicle portion of the Falcon program .
Phase three will include fabrication and assembly of two hypersonic technology vehicles to be flight - tested during 2009 .
Work will be performed in Palmdale , Calif . ( 9 percent ) , King of Prussia , Pa. ( 79 percent ) , and Fort Worth , Texas ( 12 percent ) , and is expected to be completed in Dec. 2009 .
Funds will expire at the end of the current fiscal year .
This is a sole source award .
The contracting activity is the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , Arlington , Va. ( HR0011-04-9-0010/P00032 ) .
* Small Business
http://www.defenselink.mil/Contracts/Contract.aspx?ContractID=3668
・関連記 事
2008年夏期放送開始の新作アニメ一覧・前 - GIGAZINE
文化庁、映像や音楽などの私的複製に対して回数に応じた課金を導入へ
- GIGAZINE
コピー機で出版物をコピーすると、自動的に著作権使用料を課金されるシステムが登場
- GIGAZINE
フェアユースの方がコピーライトよりも経済的効果は大きい
- GIGAZINE
音楽業界が「 iPod税 」の導入を要望 - GIGAZINE
著作権の非親告罪化やP2Pによる共有の違法化は誰が言い始めたのか？
- GIGAZINE
ネット上にデータを保存するサービスはすべて著作権侵害で違法です
- GIGAZINE
iPodやHDDレコーダーなどが著作権料上乗せで値上がりか
- GIGAZINE
著作権侵害ファイルをダウンロードしていないのに金を払えと言われた
- GIGAZINE
2008年06月23 日 17時17分00 秒 in メモ , コラム , Posted by darkhorse
You can read the machine translated English article here .
The stock market seems to be doing better than ever , even with millions of people unemployed .
This means that investors know that the stock market is too big to fail .
This could be the perfect time to take your company public .
In June 2020 , 39 companies went public and raised a combined $ 15 billion in market capitalization .
If you think that you can make it on the stock market , you need to know how to take a company public .
It ’s a lengthy process that could make or break your business .
Read on to learn more about taking a company public and how you can ensure your IPO is successful .
What Does It Mean to Take a Company Public ?
Taking a company public means that you offer ownership in your company to the general public .
As of right now , your company is privately held .
When you take your company public , you have an initial public offering ( IPO ) where people can purchase stock in your company .
Many businesses will use the IPO to raise funds to expand and grow .
A successful IPO can make the executive team and early employees millionaires .
The downside of a public company is that stockholders control the company .
The focus of the company shifts to providing shareholder value , which is determined by quarterly revenue and profits .
How long is the IPO process ?
It all goes well , you can expect the public offering process to take about 9 months .
It may be a bit less than that if you have the right team in place .
A big part of that is choosing a CPA firm , which will make sure that all of your financials are correct as you go through the process .
The right accounting firm will make each step much easier .
Now , let ’s get to how to take a company public .
These are the steps that you need to take to go from a privately held company to IPO .
1. Get Your House in Order
Is your company ready for an IPO ?
You may have turned a small business into a big business , but that does n’t mean that you ’re ready to go public .
You need to get your house in order before you start the process .
You ’ll need to work closely with your accounting firm and CFO to make sure your financials are in order .
It helps to have everything in order before you go public because you have to comply with regulations as a public company .
This is where corporate governance becomes important .
You ’ll also need to make sure that you understand the weaknesses of the company and be prepared to find ways around them .
You should also make sure that the market is ready for an IPO .
2. Hire an Investment Bank
If you ’re certain that now is the right time for an IPO , you ’re going to have to hire an investment bank .
This is the company that will underwrite your IPO .
You could hire one or more banks to underwrite the IPO .
The investment bank does most of the heavy lifting in the IPO process .
The investment bank will perform due diligence with your attorneys and financial team .
This means that they go over your books and audit every last document .
They usually create the official documents that get filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Since this is the regulatory agency that oversees IPOs and all investment offerings , every document has to be accurate .
This is where having a good financial team in place pays off .
3. File S - 1 Document
The Securities and Exchange Commission requires companies that intend to go public to file an S - 1 document .
This puts investors on notice that your company is going to go public .
The S - 1 document contains just about every detail about your company .
You ’ll have to include financial performances , information about the executive team , the business model , your competition , and investment risks .
4. Meet Investors
Have you ever heard of the “ dog and pony show ? ”
This is what that phrase refers to .
You and your executive team criss - cross the country to meet with potential investors .
You ’ll have the chance to present your company , focus on the strengths of the IPO , and show investors that your business is worth investing in .
This time is well - spent because you ’ll meet with a lot of institutional investors that handle large funds .
If you can convince them that your stock is a goldmine , then they ’ll make large investments in the IPO .
5. Take Stock Orders
Once the roadshow is over , the last thing that happens is that the investment bank takes orders on the day before the IPO .
This will give everyone a sense of how successful the IPO will be .
The IPO price will be set and the amount of stock available will be made the day before the IPO .
The stock price and offering will depend on the success of the roadshow .
If there were a lot of orders , the higher the IPO price .
6. Have a Successful IPO
This is the day when your hard work pays off .
Your company is officially a public company .
You ’ll probably be at the stock exchange to ring the opening or closing bell to celebrate going public .
An IPO is considered to be successful if the closing price on the first day is about 10 % higher than the IPO price .
How to Take a Company Public
How to take a company public starts with getting your house in order .
You ’ll then go on a whirlwind tour over the next several months between choosing an investment bank and ringing the bell at the stock market .
Once the IPO is complete , you ’ll need to focus on corporate governance and making your quarterly numbers to keep the stock prices up .
Your business will have all the capital it needs to grow and be a success .
If you had a successful IPO , you ’re probably worth quite a bit of money .
Read this article to learn about buying exotic cars now that you can easily afford one .
Ghoulish Courtney
Love reveals her skeletal frame in a see - through 1920s dress
Halloween may be months off , but Courtney Love did a good job of frightening onlookers with her ghoulish appearance in LA yesterday .
The singer 's deathly pale skin drew gasps as she stepped out for a shopping trip in Malibu in a 1920s see - through lace dress , as did her painfully frame .
Her once Rubenesque figure has been reduced to just skin and bone , sparking concerns over her health .
Ghoulish : Courtney Love drew gasps as she stepped out in Malibu yesterday
Skin and bone :
The singer looked thinner than ever
Love 's weight has long been the focus of attention - she lost 52 pounds last year on a strict diet of shakes combined with minimal fish and vegetables .
She denied reports gastric bypass surgery and liposuction aided her initial transformation .
Now it appears emotional strain is to blame - Courtney recently revealed she was feeling suicidal after the ashes of her husband , Nirvana 's Kurt Cobain disappeared from her home .
Shrinking : Courtney now looks a shadow of her once Rubenesque self
The mother of one believes a former friend is responsible .
She said last month : " I can't believe anyone would take Kurt 's ashes from me .
I find it disgusting and right now I 'm suicidal .
If I do n't get them back I do n't know what I 'll do . "
Most of Cobain 's ashes were originally scattered at a New York Buddhist temple and in the Wishkah river in Washington state .
However , Love says she kept some for herself , in a pink bear - shaped handbag and hidden in a wardrobe at her Hollywood home .
She added : " They were all I had left of him .
Who has their husband 's ashes stolen ? "
Kurt Cobain committed suicide in 1994 .
A series of events are taking place this year to mark the centenary of the TA Territorial Army soldiers from across the UK are carrying out their day jobs in their military uniforms .
Uniform to Work Day celebrates 100 years of the TA and is designed to make the contribution of the part - time force more visible .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown is holding a reception at 10 Downing Street to mark the day .
A series of events taking place to celebrate the centenary included a pageant in central London last month .
One of those wearing his uniform to work was Conservative MP Mark Lancaster , a TA major serving with the Royal Engineers .
TA UNIFORMS AT WORK London : MPs Maj Mark Lancaster and Maj Desmond Swayne are in the Houses of Parliament London : Cpl Nichola Harrison is working at Battersea Dogs Home Truro : Sculptor and Rifleman James Eddy is working on a piece of art Perth : Pte Russell Duffy is delivering post Glasgow : Gunner Kelly Gallagher is working at Superdrug Manchester : Lt Col Joanne Laverty is teaching at school
The ' crucial ' role of the TA " I think it is incredibly important to raise the profile of the TA and to celebrate the role of the TA , " he said .
" There are thousands of people going to work today across the country in uniform and many of their colleagues probably do n't even realise they serve in the TA . "
Cpl Nichola Harrison , who serves part - time with the Royal Military Police , also wore her uniform to her day job at Battersea Dogs and Cats Home .
The health and safety officer was deployed to Basra , Iraq , in 2005 for seven months to help the Iraqi police .
" It is a good thing to do .
It is what you sign up for when you join the TA and the skills and knowledge that you can bring back from that are really useful , " she said .
The day 's organiser , Col Alastair Bruce , said it was intended to remind the public that members of the TA were " among us " in society .
" But perhaps more importantly we want to encourage public affirmation , recognition and understanding of the remarkable work these people undertake as volunteers . "
The TA expects to deploy 1,500 soldiers on operations this year .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
On March 27 , 2020 , President Donald Trump signed the Coronavirus Aid , Relief , and Economic Security Act ( CARES Act ) , the latest in a series of federal emergency stimulus measures to mitigate the economic fallout of the COVID - 19 pandemic .
The $ 2.2 trillion package featured expanded unemployment insurance benefits for American workers , targeted support for industries hit hard by the pandemic , and billions in fiscal aid for small and midsize businesses .
It also provided for the first round of cash stimulus payments to individuals in more than a decade .
The last came in 2008 as the U.S. economy languished amid a worsening global financial crisis .
According to the IRS , most Americans received one - time cash payments from the Treasury Department beginning in April 2020 .
These payments topped out at $ 1,200 for adult individuals and $ 2,400 for married couples who jointly file tax returns , depending on income .
Minor dependents receive $ 500 per child .
A few months later , Congressional negotiations began on a new economic aid package that , among other sorely needed measures , is widely expected to include another round of cash stimulus payments to individuals .
If it comes , the second round of stimulus payments will likely be similar to the first , if potentially more generous for parents : topping out at $ 1,200 for individuals , $ 2,400 for married couples , and up to $ 1,200 per dependent , including adult dependents .
Before you start thinking up ideas for what to do with your economic stimulus check , it pays to know the details .
Bookmark this article for more information on your stimulus eligibility and likely payment amount , the latest updates on when to expect your payment , and news about any future rounds of economic stimulus .
Are You Eligible for a COVID - 19 Economic Stimulus Payment ?
About 90 % of Americans were eligible to receive economic stimulus payments — which the IRS calls “ economic impact payments ” — under the CARES Act .
However , many did n’t receive the full $ 1,200 allotment per adult , and some wo n’t receive any payment at all .
Eligible recipients who typically do n’t file tax returns ( or did n’t file in 2018 or 2019 ) must file at least a simple return to ensure receipt .
Note that regardless of your income or the amount you receive , you wo n’t owe tax on any portion of your stimulus payment .
Income Limits & Phaseouts for COVID - 19 Economic Impact Payments
The maximum adjusted gross income ( AGI ) to receive the full $ 1,200 allotment per adult American is :
$ 75,000 for single filers , including married individuals who file separate returns
$ 112,500 for head - of - household filers , a common filing status for single parents
$ 150,000 per couple for joint filers
Above these thresholds , the payment amount phases out ( gradually decreases ) by $ 5 for every $ 100 in additional AGI until phasing out entirely at $ 99,000 for single filers and $ 198,000 for joint filers with no dependents .
If you filed a tax return in 2018 or 2019 , the IRS used your most recent AGI to calculate your payment .
Economic Impact Payments for Children
Filers who claim dependent children on their tax returns receive $ 500 per child , subject to maximum income limitations .
Benefits for dependent children do n’t begin phasing out until their parents or guardians hit the maximum income threshold for their own stimulus payments .
At that point , child payments step down by $ 5 for every $ 100 in additional AGI until phasing out entirely .
The step - down rate does not depend on the number of child dependents claimed , so the final phaseout threshold rises in proportion to the total dependent count .
For example , the phaseout thresholds for single or married filing separately filers with minor dependents are :
One child : $ 109,000
Two children : $ 119,000
Three children : $ 129,000
The phaseout continues to rise by $ 10,000 for each additional child .
If you filed a tax return in 2018 or 2019 , the IRS will use your most recent return to calculate your qualifying dependent payments .
UPDATE ( 4/15/20 ) : Many stimulus check recipients are reporting lower - than - expected direct deposit payments .
In many cases , recipients received payments for themselves and / or their spouses but not for some or all of their dependent children .
Unfortunately , the IRS is n’t accepting calls due to the COVID - 19 pandemic , wo n’t mail explanation letters for at least another week , and has n’t issued formal guidance around payments for adults and dependent children .
We ’ll update this guide as we learn more about the issue .
For now , visit the IRS ’s coronavirus information page for the latest official guidance .
You can also use this handy calculator from H&R Block to confirm your eligibility and calculate your estimated stimulus payment .
Tax Return Filing Requirements for People Who Normally Don’t File Returns
Initial communications from the IRS indicated that people who do n’t normally file tax returns , such as senior citizens and Social Security disability recipients , would have to file simple tax returns by the end of calendar year 2020 to claim their economic impact payments .
Following a public outcry , the IRS walked back this requirement .
According to its latest update on the matter , the IRS will use information from Form SSA - 1099 or Form RRB - 1099 to process impact payments for people who are n’t normally required to file tax returns .
Because these forms do n’t include dependent information , people not normally required to file tax returns wo n’t receive payments for eligible dependents unless they take the extra step of filing a simple tax return .
If you choose to file a simple tax return , it must include basic information about you and your tax situation , including :
Your filing status
Your address or direct deposit bank account information
The number of dependents you can claim on your return ( if any )
Because economic impact payments are n’t taxable , you wo n’t be required to file an additional return to report your economic impact payment .
If you need to file a simple tax return , there ’s a good chance you can file your simple tax return with no out - of - pocket expense .
Use a free tax filing resource that allows filers who meet certain income and demographic criteria to file for free .
How & When to Expect Your Stimulus Payment
To reduce costs and expedite delivery , the IRS prefers to send COVID - 19 economic impact payments electronically rather than by check .
However , the IRS needs up - to - date bank account information to execute electronic payments .
If the IRS does n’t have your current bank account on file and you ’d prefer to receive your payment electronically , you need to take action .
How to Receive Your Stimulus Payment Electronically
If you ’ve already filed your 2018 or 2019 taxes and provided your direct deposit information to the IRS ( and that information is still correct ) , you do n’t need to take further action unless you ’ve closed your direct deposit account in the meantime .
Expect your payment to arrive in that account sometime after April 20 .
If you would prefer to receive your stimulus payment electronically , but the IRS does n’t have a current bank account on file for you and you did n’t file a 2019 return , visit the IRS ’s coronavirus information page and use the “ Get My Payments ” tool to provide your bank account information .
You ’ll need to confirm key details from your most recent tax return , including your AGI and amount owed or refunded , but the process should take less than 5 minutes if you have your most recent tax return handy .
UPDATE ( 4/15/20 ) :
If the IRS has your direct deposit information for 2018 but not 2019 , you may need to use the “ Get My Payments ” tool to provide your bank account number , even if your account has n’t changed .
Likewise , if you apply your federal refund to your quarterly estimated tax payments rather than receive it by direct deposit ( which is common for business owners and self - employed individuals ) , the IRS may still need your bank account information to process your stimulus payment .
How to Receive Your Stimulus Payment by Paper Check or Prepaid Card
If you do n’t mind receiving your stimulus payment by paper check or prepaid card and the IRS has your current address on file , you do n’t need to take any action .
If the IRS does not have your current address on file because you moved since filing your most recent return , complete and mail Form 8822 .
Be sure to send this form to the appropriate IRS mailing address , which is printed on Page 2 of the form .
If you plan to file a 2019 return before the IRS begins distributing economic impact payments , you can update your address on the return .
If you have n’t filed a return recently and you ’ve changed addresses since you last filed a return , you must file a simple tax return to ensure the IRS has accurate address information on file .
When to Expect Your Stimulus Payment
According to the IRS , about 80 million Americans received their stimulus checks via direct deposit on or about April 15 , 2020 .
If you ’re OK with ( or prefer ) receiving your payment by check or prepaid card , know that the IRS has said it could take up to 20 weeks – into September 2020 – to disburse these nonelectronic payments .
If you ’re expecting your stimulus payment by direct deposit and have n’t received it by April 15 , 2020 , use the “ Get My Payment ” tool in the IRS Economic Impact Payments portal to learn when you can expect to receive it ( and confirm that you ’re eligible to receive it at all ) .
Within a few weeks of your payment ’s issuance , the IRS will mail you a written notification stating how and when it was disbursed .
If you receive this notification and can’t locate your payment , contact the IRS for more information .
UPDATE ( 9/15/20 ) :
If you have n’t received your first stimulus payment yet , use the “ Get My Payment ” tool to check on its status and provided additional information if needed using IRS guidelines .
If you suspect you accidentally misplaced or disposed of the prepaid card containing your stimulus payment , you can report the issue to the card issuer and receive a new one at no cost to you .
Bear in mind that your original card will be deactivated as soon as you report it missing .
You ’ll need to wait for the new one to arrive to use your funds , even if you find the original in the meantime .
Should You Expect a Second Stimulus Payment ?
On May 16 , 2020 , the House of Representatives passed a $ 3 trillion stimulus package known as the HEROES Act .
Among the package ’s many provisions was a direct payment scheme very similar to the CARES Act’s .
The scheme ’s income restrictions and phaseouts were identical to the CARES
Act ’s , with single taxpayers earning up to $ 75,000 eligible for one - time payments of $ 1,200 each and joint filers earning up to $ 150,000 eligible for one - time payments of $ 2,400 each .
Notable differences in the HEROES
Act ’s direct payments scheme included :
Eligibility for immigrants with valid Taxpayer ID Numbers
Dependent payments worth $ 1,200 for up to three dependents of any age , including adult dependents
A payment cap of $ 6,000 per household , or $ 2,400 for joint - filing spouses and $ 1,200 for up to three dependents
Because the Senate has shown no inclination to take up and pass the HEROES Act , it ’s unlikely the package will become law as written .
However , the body ’s Republican leadership – which controls what comes to the floor – has expressed openness to passing another coronavirus stimulus measure .
Parts of the HEROES Act , including the direct payments scheme , could make it into the final Senate - passed package ( which the House would then need to pass ) .
But it ’s far too early to say for sure how any future stimulus payments will look – or whether they ’re coming at all .
Final Word
The COVID - 19 pandemic has already hit the economy hard .
With the outbreak showing no signs of slowing , further fiscal pain — not to mention human suffering and loss of life — is inevitable .
Though some employers are hiring during the COVID - 19 pandemic , most are battening down the hatches and counting on government assistance to help ride out the storm .
To the extent you ’re able , consider using a portion of your economic stimulus payment to support small businesses during the pandemic .
They need our help now more than ever .
What do you plan to do with your COVID - 19 economic stimulus payment ?
hit $ 154 before it hits $ 126
60 % ( 2415 votes )
hit $ 126 before it hits $ 154
9 % ( 361 votes )
stay in a trading range between $ 126 and $ 154
25 % ( 985 votes )
it 's still all geopolitics and other " above ground factors , " so what does a price signal mean anyway ?
2 % ( 70 votes )
have n't you heard ?
it 's all about the declining dollar and specs - not growing demand and a stagnant supply .
4 % ( 171 votes )
Total votes : 4002
The U.S. military 's Missile Defense Agency signed a $ 97 million contract with a Kremlin - connected nonprofit , to help secure Russia 's aid in anti-missile projects .
Pentagon higher - ups ultimately quashed the deal between the agency and International Exchange Group , or IEG , for " facilitating " Russian " cooperation " on target missiles and early - warning radars .
But the 2004 agreement shows the strength of the connections between the Defense Department , IEG and former Congressman Curt Weldon , now under investigation by the FBI .
Earlier this week , news emerged that the wife of one of Weldon 's staffers was reportedly paid money by IEG for work never performed .
On the surface , the non-profit IEG was merely working to facilitate U.S. - Russian partnerships .
In a 2006 interview with Sharon Weinberger , Weldon revealed that the organization did much , much more .
With IEG , Weldon said , " you can get access to any [ WMD ] sites you want in Russia , you can get cooperation with any project in Russia .
We ’ll give you access the inner circle of President Putin . "
In a letter to IEG , Brig .
Gen. Mark Shackelford , then deputy director of the Missile Defense Agency , said he wanted to " establish a relationship " with the nonprofit for precisely that kind of access .
The Missile Defense Agency wanted to use Russian missiles to test American " detection and tracking equipment . "
And he was hoping to include " Russian radar data for early warning of third - country ballistic - missile launches ... into the United States ballistic - missile defense system . "
Here are the first two pages of the $ 97 million contract with IEG to gain Russian participation in those efforts .
Traditionally , the Missile Defense Agency had never been enthusiastic about Russian cooperation .
It killed the RAMOS ( Russian American Observation Satellite ) project several years ago .
So why did the agency agree to take part in this dubious relationship ?
Well , for starters , Weldon was one of the seminal supporters of missile defense , helping the agency at its height secure over $ 10 billion a year in funding .
But the entire structure of IEG was suspect and smacked of conflict of interest :
Why should the U.S. government have to pay an openly Kremlin - linked nonprofit in order to ensure government cooperation ?
Is Weldon the villain in all of this ?
It 's important to note that Danger Room did n't obtain these documents through some secret sources : Weldon handed them to us , as part of our research for these reporters ' new book about atomic travels .
Some level - headed people in the nonproliferation community still credit Weldon with showing genuine interest in nuclear security .
So why did Weldon support this scheme ?
Here are a couple of possibilities : A ) Weldon had a financial interest in IEG , or B ) Weldon had no financial interest in IEG and honestly believed this was the only way to gain Russian cooperation .
There 's also a third possibility : Weldon had a financial interest in IEG and believed this would help nuclear cooperation .
Speaking of would - be villains : Who in the Pentagon can we credit for saving the Pentagon from paying $ 100 million to this shady Russian outfit ?
That would be Doug Feith , who was widely criticized for his management of the Pentagon 's policy shop .
Weldon blamed Feith 's office for scuttling the deal ; the people there apparently questioned its legality .
[ Photo : MDA ]
- Sharon Weinberger and Nathan Hodge
ALSO :
A SPEED camera was torched in Chiseldon and residents says a disgruntled motorist could be to blame .
The burned out remains on the A346 , pictured right , in Marlborough Road , opposite Chiseldon Primary School , has shocked residents .
The incident occurred during the early hours of Wednesday .
Resident Jenny
White , 62 , said : " I wonder if the camera had caught a driver and he or she was taking revenge ?
" I did n't see anything and I do n't think this has ever happened before - certainly not in the six years I 've been living here . "
An 80 - year - old woman , who did not want to be identified , said : " I 've lived in the village since 1955 and never heard of any vandalism as severe as this . "
A 65 - year - old neighbour added : " I think the camera has been making a difference .
" Sometimes you hear people applying their brakes as they spot the camera but this person has obviously taken matters in their own hands . "
The speed camera was removed yesterday for further examination .
" The camera is well established and has been in place for the last 10 years without a problem , " said Sgt Nick Blencowe of the Wiltshire and Swindon Safety Camera Partnership .
" A tyre was set alight and thrown over the camera .
" Although this person might not support the idea of a camera it does n't give them the right to commit criminal damage .
" We have n't had a problem with damage to cameras in the Swindon and Wiltshire for seven years .
" But since then we think there might have been copycat incidents in the county after damage in the Avon and Somerset areas . "
Anyone with information about the fire is asked to call Wiltshire Police on 0845 408 7000 .
Alternatively , call anonymously Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 .
Clean Alternatives to Everyday Machines : The Gas Powered Lawn Mower VS .
The Push Reel Mower
June 23rd , 2008 by Joe Mohr
Which is better for you and your lawn –the traditional gas - powered lawnmower or the human - powered push reel mower ?
Pros and Cons of the traditional gas - powered lawnmower
Pros :
* Consistently cuts everything growing in your lawn , be it grass , weeds , vines , etc …
* Easy to push for long periods of time ( ie large lawns )
Cons :
* Air pollution .
According to the EPA the average gas - powered lawn mower emits as much pollution per hour as 11 automobiles do during that same time span .
Why ?
The lawn mower engine is a two - cycle engine which pumps out over 90 times more pollution per gallon of gas than any car or truck .
* Noise pollution .
* Recurring gas costs .
In case you were unaware–we ’re over $ 4/gallon !
* Maintenance costs .
Pros and Cons of the human - powered push reel mower
Pros :
* Only pollution during mowing is the CO2 that you exhale .
* Quiet .
* The new models have sharp blades and will outperform and outlast the reel mowers your parents pushed around as kids .
* Inexpensive .
* Better exercise considering you are n’t inhaling engine exhaust while mowing .
Cons :
* Does not cut all tall grasses and weeds .
After using one for 3 years now .
I ’d say ( as I ’ve said to my neighbors ) it cuts at about a 93 % success rate .
* Not reasonable for large lawns .
The ( Unexpected ) Outcome
And the winner is …
… The electric lawn mower !!!
If we consider all the variables ; pollution , cutting ability , size of lawn , level of ease to own and operate , this non-contestant has to be the winner ( sorry John Henry ) .
As much as I love my push reel mower ( which is still the most environmentally friendly mower available ) , I understand that if I had a larger lawn it may not be the best choice–although , it would still be my choice , but I ’m a fanatic .
The electric lawnmower is quiet , easy to start , easy to maintain , and costs approximately $ 5 / year for electricity .
And I have n’t used one , but I ’ve read that the mowing skills rival that of the gas - powered mower .
For what it ’s worth , the loser is …
… the riding lawn mower .
The bigger brother of the gas - powered mower sells well in a society full of folks who drive a few blocks to and from various stores each day instead of actually walking or biking .
Pros :
It has a cup holder …
… but I ’m thinking of adding one to my push reel mower anyway .
Stay tuned next week for the battle of The Washing Machine vs. a trio of human - powered rivals .
You may be surprised when No Impact Man shares his thoughts on this one …
Image credits : Amazon.com
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
By Matthew Price
BBC News , New York
Mrs Clinton chose to run as the candidate with experience Last November , at about seven in the morning , I remember trying to ask Hillary Clinton a quick question as she swept out of a hotel in Des Moines , Iowa , and into a waiting car .
Her press people said the BBC would not buy any favours with the Clinton team by shoving a microphone under the former first lady 's nose .
Instead they said we might like to drive across town , to the Drake Diner on 25th Street , where we could film Senator Clinton having breakfast .
There we found her chatting to some people just off the nightshift - people among her core constituency .
The thing that I remember most was her failure to look people in the eye as she spoke to them .
There was nothing shifty about this .
I was just surprised she was not a little better at the personal touch .
' Inaccessible '
In fact , in those early days some argued there was a certain arrogance about the Clinton campaign .
Journalists trying to get interviews with the candidate or even a low - level team member were often given short shrift .
Mrs Clinton seemed inaccessible - aloof , some said .
In the words of one Iowan Democrat I met that day : " She 's George Bush in a skirt . "
The advocacy of change that she has represented throughout her whole career has not been fully reflected
Douglas Schoen , pollster and political strategist
That was probably a bit off the mark , but it illustrated a good point .
Many see Hillary Clinton as an insider , one of the political elite , the establishment .
Her supporters disagree , of course , but she has found it hard to shake off the image .
In fact her campaign strategy of painting herself as " experienced " enough to do the job from day one , inadvertently helped to reinforce the point .
That has proven costly in a country where the electorate as a whole is unhappy with the way politicians - from both main parties - are running things .
Darling of the party Douglas Schoen is a pollster and political strategist who worked on Bill Clinton 's successful re-election in 1996 .
It 's not easy , it 's not easy , and I could n't do it if I just did n't passionately believe it was the right thing to do
Hillary Clinton , in New Hampshire Hillary Clinton in her own words
He believes that Barack Obama 's nomination proves that the electorate wants something different this year .
" I think he has come up with a big idea , which is that people are angry , they want an outsider , they want change , they want conciliation , they want bipartisan solutions .
" The tragedy of the Hillary Clinton camp is that the bipartisanship that she represented in Washington has gone unrecognised on the stump .
The advocacy of change that she has represented throughout her whole career has not been fully reflected , and I think in retrospect her campaign has not been able to get that message across as compellingly as perhaps Barack Obama did . "
Bill and Hillary Clinton have been the darlings of the Democratic Party for at least the last two decades , and their influence will not be swept away easily .
It has been hard for much of the establishment to break from the Clintons , as was evidenced by the length of time it took Senator Obama to persuade the super - delegates to swing his way .
Does Mrs Clinton have a problem connecting with ordinary voters ?
Senator Clinton also clearly has huge support across the country - she did not lose the nomination by all that much .
Many people would say that , if anything , she has enhanced her own personal standing .
Once she was in her husband 's shadow .
Now , the argument goes , she has emerged as a politician of true grit and determination in her own right .
" As the first serious woman candidate for president , she has left a powerful mark on the system , " says Douglas Schoen .
She also remains , her supporters say , a committed advocate of change and it is hard to see her bowing out of public life .
She still commands significant influence in the party and the country .
But it is Mr Obama who will now be portrayed by his supporters as the Democratic Party 's trail - blazer .
Many will see him as the new face of Democratic politics , a break from the past , a breath of fresh air .
In that sense , and especially if Mr Obama is successful and wins the White House , perhaps a new era has indeed been ushered in .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
A Small Spherical Universe after All ?
In a multi-connected Universe , the physical space is identified to a fundamental polyhedron , the duplicate images of which form the observable universe .
Representing the structure of apparent space is equivalent to representing its " crystalline " structure , each cell of which is a duplicate of the fundamental polyhedron .
Here is depicted the closed hyperbolic Weeks space .
As viewed from inside , it gives the illusion of a cellular space , tiled par polyhedra distorted with optical illusions ( here only one celestial object is depicted , namely the Earth ) Copyright Jeffrey Weeks
Paris - Dec 19 , 2001
What is the shape of space ?
Is it finite or infinite ?
Is it connected , has it " edges " , " holes " or " handles " ?
This cosmic mystery , which has puzzled cosmologists for more than two thousands years , has recently been enlightened by a breakthrough in a new field of research : cosmic topology .
An international team involving researchers from France , the United States and Brazil recently filled a major gap in the field .
They propose surprising universe models in which space , spherical yet much smaller than the observable universe , generates an optical illusion on a cosmic scale ( topological lens effet ) .
Einstein 's general relativity theory teaches us that space can have a positive , zero or negative constant curvature on the large scale , the sign of the curvature depending on the total density of matter and energy .
The celebrated big bang models follow , depicting a universe starting from an initial singularity and expanding forever or not .
However , Einstein 's theory does not tell us whether the volume of space is finite or infinite , or what its overall topology is .
Fortunately , high redshift surveys of astronomical sources and accurate maps of the cosmic microwave background radiation are beginning to hint at the shape of the spatial universe , or at least limit the wide range of possibilities .
As a consequence , cosmic topology has gained an increased interest , as evidenced by the special session " Geometry and Topology of the Universe " organized by the American Mathematical Society during its 2001 meeting held last October in Williamstown , Mass .
Three French cosmologists were invited to present to an audience of mathematicians , physicists and astronomers the statistical method they recently devised for detecting space topology : cosmic crystallography .
Cosmic Crystallography
Cosmic crystallography looks at the 3 - dimensional observed distribution of high redshift sources ( e.g. galaxy clusters , quasars ) in order to discover repeating patterns in their distribution , much like the repeating patterns of atoms observed in crystals .
They showed that " pair separation histograms " are in most cases able to detect a multi- connected topology of space , in the form of spikes clearly standing out above the noise distribution as expected in the simply - connected case .
The researchers have particularly studied small universe models , which explain the billions of visible galaxies are repeating images of a smaller number of actual galaxies .
The two pictures below visualize the " topological lens effect " generated by a multi-connected shape of space , and the way the topology can be determined by the pair separation histogram method .
Spherical Lensing
Until recently , the search for the shape of space had focused on big bang models with flat or negatively curved spatial sections .
Recently however , a combination of astronomical ( type I supernovae ) and cosmological ( temperature anisotropies of the cosmic background radiation ) observations seem to indicate that the expansion of the universe is accelerating , and constrain the value of space curvature in a range which marginally favors a positively curved ( i.e. spherical ) model .
As a consequence , spherical spaceforms have come back to the forefront of cosmology .
In their latest work , to be published in Classical and Quantum Gravity , the authors and their Brazilian and American collaborators fill a gap in the cosmic topology literature by investigating the full properties of spherical universes .
The simplest case is the celebrated hypersphere , which is finite yet with no boundary .
Actually there are an infinite number of spherical spaceforms , including the lens spaces and the fascinating Poincar� space .
The Poincar� space is represented by a dodecahedron whose opposite faces are pairwise identified , and has volume 120 times smaller than the hypersphere .
If cosmic space has such a shape , an extraordinary " spherical lens " is generated , with images of cosmic souces repeating according to the Poincar� space 's 120 - fold " crystal structure " .
The authors give the construction and complete classification of all 3 - dimensional spherical spaces , and discuss which topologies are likely to be detectable by crystallographic methods .
They predict the shape of the pair separation histogram and they check their prediction by computer simulations .
The Future of Cosmic Topology
Experimental projects related to cosmic crystallographic methods and to the detection of correlated pairs of circles in the cosmic background radiation are currently underway .
Presently , the data are not good enough to provide firm conclusions about the topology of the Universe .
Fortunately breakthroughs are expected in the coming decade : high redshift surveys of galaxies will be completed , and high angular resolution maps of the cosmic radiation temperature will be provided by the MAP and Planck Surveyor satellite missions .
The new data will provide clues to the shape of the Universe we live in , a question that puzzles not only cosmologists , but also philosophers and artists .
You wo n’t find the above headline anywhere else .
Believe me , I 've tried .
Still , it 's true .
In testimony before the Senate Armed Services Committee on April 10 , 2008 , Secretary of Defense Robert Gates made the following jaw - dropping statement :
“ We were attacked from Afghanistan in 2001 , and we are at war in Afghanistan today , in no small measure because of mistakes this government made -- mistakes I among others made in the end game of the anti-Soviet war there some 20 years ago . ”
That ’s an astonishing confession , even if mine was the only jaw that dropped .
Gates is the first high official in the Bush administration to acknowledge what war critics have been lambasted for even suggesting .
OK , he did n’t use the word “ blowback , ” but by definition , that ’s what he ’s talking about .
A certain radio commentator once all but called me a traitor for suggesting what Gates openly admits .
Many others , including the Rev. Jeremiah
Wright most recently , have been denounced all over this country for suggesting 9/11 was caused by failed U.S. policy .
Yes , Wright said much else as well .
Nevertheless he took a hit for stating the same notion .
So why is Big Media silent about Gates ?
You tell me .
Eventually , this story might show up on Page 5 in your local daily , especially if this column gets around , but it will never be top of Page One , where it counts , just as you never saw the following headlines there when they might ’ve made a difference :
US Looks the Other Way as Pakistan Perfects Nuclear Bombs and Delivery System .
Counting Florida Over-votes Would Put Gore in Whitehouse .
Saudi Oil Profits Linked to Spread of Wahabism .
War Will Cost 100 Times More Than Bush Team Predicts ( Oil Will Not Pay For It ) .
Bush Suppresses Evidence of Global Warming .
No Weapons of Mass Destruction Found in Iraq .
No Aerial Drones .
No New Anthrax .
No Yellowcake .
No New Centrifuges .
No Significant Links Found Between Al - Qaeda and Saddam .
Case for Invading Iraq Included Ravings from a Tortured Man and Lies from a Criminal with Ties to Iran .
Secret Memos Reveal US Told England We ’d ' Fix the Evidence ' to Support Joint Iraq Attack .
Bush Building Permanent Military Bases in Iraq .
Bush Hands Control of Iraq to Natural Allies of Iran .
Prominent Bush Supporters Believe He ’s Preparing Way for the Rapture .
Earlier this week two members of Congress sent a letter citing “ grave concerns ” over the implementation of the Clean Water Act to U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Stephen L. Johnson .
In the July 7th letter to Johnson , chairmen Henry A. Waxman ( D - Calif. ) of the House Government Oversight and Reform Committee and James L. Oberstar ( D - Minn. ) of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee credit an internal EPA memo , which was given to them by activist group Greenpeace , for leading them to explore the EPA ’s inadequate enforcement of the Clean Water Act .
The memorandum , which was sent on Mar. 4 , 2008 from Granta Y. Nakayama , EPA ’s Assistant Administrator for Enforcement and Compliance Assurance , to Benjamin Grumbles , EPA ’s Assistant Administrator for Water , points out the conflicting ideals of the 1972 Clean Water Act and the 2006 U.S. Supremem Court decision Rapanos v. United States .
While the Act protects wetlands from urban development for water conservation , the court ruling challenges water protection provisions and upholds individual ’s rights to build over wetlands .
According to Nakayama ’s memo , the fundamental discord between the federal law and Supreme Court decision has led to confusion about federal wetlands protections which has resulted in the agency ’s “ conscious decision not to pursue enforcement of 300 Clean Water Act violations because of the jurisdictional uncertainty . ”
In a Washington Post article printed Tuesday , EPA spokesman Jonathan Shradar responded to the congressional inquiry .
“ We will be reviewing the new request and will work with the chairmen to provide information on our enforcement program , ” Shradar was quoted .
Part of a series of pivitol environmental laws passed in the 1970s , the Clean Water Act was a monumental step forward for the environmental movement and surface water protection in the United States .
The recent Rapanos v. United States ruling , however , overturned earlier decisions that stopped two seperate developers from building on their wetland properties due to environmental regulations connected to the CWA .
In the end , the court ruled 5 to 4 in favor of development and left the CWA in limbo .
Photo : EPA
Page 9A
Troops deserve better care — no exceptions
Veterans issues abound , and I 'm glad they continue to be reported in USA TODAY .
The viewpoint by George Lisicki , national commander of the Veterans of Foreign Wars , is thought - provoking .
But there are two pressing issues that Lisicki did n't address ( " Reduce financial burdens , " Opposing view , College for servicemembers debate , " Tuesday ) :
• The deplorable conditions of U.S. military barracks comes to mind .
USA TODAY 's excellent article on moldy U.S. military barracks connected deplorable living conditions with concerns about morale and retention ( " Living conditions deteriorate as age , mold assail military barracks , " News , May 9 ) .
These conditions are unacceptable .
Also , how can we forget the fiasco at Walter Reed Army Medical Center ?
• There is recent news that two veterans rights groups have accused the Department of Veterans Affairs of lying about the suicide rate of our vets ( " VA official denies cover - up of suicide rates , " USATODAY.com , April 26 ) .
I will be greatly disappointed if the accusation is true .
The Army often has used the phrase " health , welfare and morale . "
Where did the " health " go ?
If our government sends our men and women to war , then it should be obligated to take care of their mental and physical health when they return from war — no exceptions .
I would like to see USA TODAY do an in - depth report on the mental and physical health of our servicemembers .
Perhaps that would enhance awareness .
Harry W. Kreger
Ocean View , Del .
A recent editorial ( PDF ) in the Journal of the American Society for Nephrology is getting wide press coverage for debunking the so - called “ 8×8 ″ theory — the popularly held belief that drinking eight 8 - ounce glasses of water daily helps remove toxins , improve skin tone , and increase satiety , among other health benefits .
The authors chalk up the belief to folklore , and newspaper reports claim ignorance as to its provenance .
Just how long has this idea been around ?
Two - hundred years , at least .
The most commonly cited source for the 8×8 myth — highlighted in this 2002 review paper by a Dartmouth professor — is the U.S. government - sponsored Food and Nutrition Board . *
The board ’s “ Recommended Dietary Allowances ” from 1945 include the following advice :
A suitable allowance of water for adults is 2.5 liters daily in most instances .
An ordinary standard for diverse persons is 1 milliliter for each calorie of food .
Most of this quantity is contained in prepared foods .
According to this theory , people ignored the last part of the statement , which points out that you can get most of that water just by eating .
If you actually had to drink all 2.5 liters , you ’d need around 10 8 - ounce glasses per day .
By 1959 , the concept was so entrenched that Groucho Marx could joke about self - righteous centenarians who claim that they eat “ raw turkey liver ” for breakfast and drink “ thirty - two glasses of water a day ” instead of “ eight glasses a day like the rest of us . ”
However , the Explainer has uncovered evidence of the 8×8 myth going all the way back to 1796 , in a German text by Dr. Christoph Wilhelm Hufeland called Makrobiotik .
The book includes an anecdote about the surgeon general to the king of Prussia , a vibrant 80 - year - old man who had “ contracted the habit of drinking daily from seven to eight glasses ” of cold water and thus “ enjoyed much better health than in his youth . ”
( An English translation is available in this book from 1843 . )
The hydrotherapy craze that swept through Europe and then America in the late 19th century encouraged the notion that people needed to be drinking more water .
By 1900 , the New York Evangelist reported that a women ’s association on the Lower East Side was being instructed by a Dr. Vinton that one needed to ingest “ at least eight glasses of water a day ” and take “ four times as much water as food . ”
( Incidentally , the girls were also told that it was dangerous to get one ’s feet wet , that it was n’t good to “ wear many skirts , ” and that their brains were “ soft like jelly . ” )
By the 1910s and 1920s , the popular press was full of exhortations to consume six to eight glasses on a daily basis .
Charles Atlas , the bodybuilder whose famous comic - strip ads were highly popular from the ’ 20s through the ’ 70s , was fond of recommending the same amount .
In more recent decades , there have been plenty of proponents of the 8×8 theory .
In 1967 , Dr. Irwin Stillman , one of the earliest advocates of a high - protein , low - carbohydrate diet , insisted that his followers drink eight glasses of water a day in order to wash away ketones , or “ ashes left in the furnace . ”
The controversial 1992 bestseller Your Body ’s Many Cries for Water , which calls for a minimum of eight to 10 glasses of pure water a day ( not coffee , not soda ) , probably played a role in spreading the myth , as has the bottled - water industry , which has exploded since the 1980s .
Got a question about today ’s news ?
Ask the Explainer .
Explainer thanks Katharine Donahue of UCLA ; Elizabeth Royte , author of Bottlemania ; and James Wharton of the University of Washington .
[ Via - Slate . Com ]
Making Real Money With Fake Clouds
Bad Money : Reckless Finance , Failed Politics , and the Global Crisis of American Capitalism
Bill Bonner ’s View
Door - to - door sales crews or indentured servants ?
Making Millions With Eco-Pizza
RapidRepair .Com Success Story
Category : Uncategorized
I see that people are demeaning the poster for what she phrased as " mean things " but we have no idea what " mean things " were said .
it could range from " you look chubby in those shorts " to " i'm gonna kill you with a rusty machete . " she was pissed when she wrote this and she may not have worded what she was saying the exact why she should have .
Depending on what he said , it could be verbal abuse .
Verbal abuse can lead to esteem issues and plant her in counseling for the rest of her life .
While I am whole heartedly against corporal punishment , it is legal .
If it continues or escalates then it is a problem .
Either way , the poster feels uncomfortable about what happened and it is not for us to judge .
She should talk to an adult ( mom , aunt , uncle , older sister , pastor , neighbor , etc. ) about what happened and steps can be taken from there .
She does n't have to go to the police , but getting another adult involved might help , kind of like a " pick on someone your own size " thing .
The father might feel more powerful over the daughter because she really can't fight back , but with another adult he is not as powerful or overbearing .
( I know parents are the authority of the family and that some of you say children should n't argue with their parents .
Parents are only human and sometimes their judgement is n't the greatest .
They also do n't like to be corrected , even when wrong .
And sometimes a calm debate can turn into an argument .
Quite frankly , no matter a person's age they 're entitled to an opinion which they should be allowed to voice . )
Celebrities Sweat Too - No Really ( Photos )
Some stars just can't seem to hide their ' Hotness . '
Many really do work up a sweat while performing for their fans .
Check out which celebrities have that telltale glow or worse below .
Photos : WENN
While fads come and go ( and occasionally come back as retro ) , the availability of MTV and the internet to recent generations means that a newly - minted style can go from " in " to " out " faster than you can process your online order at PacSun , replaced by some other equally pointless fad .
So who 's behind these trends that pop up and spread like wildfire ?
Usually , it 's some damned celebrity .
For instance ...
Advertisement
11 Saggy Jeans Continue Reading Below Advertisement Who 's To Blame : Ice - T , " Marky " Mark Wahlberg
Few fashion trends are so abhorred by some members of the public that they can land you in jail , but this is exactly where you can wind up if you let your jeans sag enough to expose your underwear Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Few fashion trends are so abhorred by some members of the public that they can land you in jail , but this is exactly where you can wind up if you let your jeans sag enough to expose your underwear in the town of Delcambre , Louisiana .
As sagging has been said to have originated among prison inmates ( due to prisoners being issued oversized clothes and not permitted to wear belts ) this means that your punishment for wearing sagging pants in Louisiana could be ... a sentence to six months wearing saggy pants .
Yeah , that 'll deter and " reform " those saggy - pants - wearers , Louisiana !
The drooping pants started showing up around 1992 , but as early as 1988 , rapper Ice - T was boasting that his " pants are saggin ' " ( in the track " Colors " ) so we 're blaming him for starting the whole thing since we have him on record .
Though he did show some restraint
By 1993 Marky Mark Wahlberg was doing Calvin Klein ads showing off the look , and there was no keeping it out of the mainstream .
Good job , guys .
You created a trend so awful they 're having to threaten people with jail to stop it .
10 The " Rachel " Continue Reading Below Advertisement Who 's To Blame : Jennifer Aniston
This haircut worn by Aniston in the early years of Friends was voted as the " most influential hairstyle of all time " in a survey of 2,000 women though we question any such survey that does n't include Princess Leia 's earmuff hair Star Wars in the top 10 .
Apparently , it 's influence was limited to fans simultaneously copying the style in 1996 , and then immediately dropping the style after realizing everyone having the same hairstyle as you at a party is more embarrassing than seeing just one other person wearing the same outfit .
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - Iran said on Tuesday new sanctions imposed on it by the European Union over its nuclear plans could hurt diplomatic efforts to resolve the row .
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad looks towards Iran 's Defence Minister Mostafa Mohammad Najjar during a news conference in Tehran , April 4 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Morteza Nikoubazl
The standoff between the West and the Islamic state has sparked fears of a military confrontation that would disrupt oil supplies .
Last week a U.S. newspaper report said Israel had practiced for a possible strike against Iran ’s nuclear sites .
But a senior Iranian official denied rumors on Tuesday of an Israeli attack on his country , which sent stocks lower and oil prices higher .
“ No attack against Iran ’s nuclear facilities has taken place , ” the official said .
In Jerusalem , an Israeli army spokesman said : “ We are not aware of any such incident in Iran . ”
Israel , widely believed to have the Middle East ’s only atomic arsenal , has described Iran ’s nuclear program as a threat to its existence .
Following the market rumor , commander - in - chief of Iran ’s elite Revolutionary Guards Corps Mohammad Ali Jafari warned the “ enemy ” over the consequences of any attack on Iran .
“ If the enemy makes a strategic mistake ( by attacking ) , the Revolutionary Guards are fully prepared to give a severe answer to the enemy , ” the official IRNA news agency quoted him as saying .
The Corps is in charge of Iran ’s most advanced missile systems like the Shahab - 3 with a range of 2,000 km ( 1,250 miles ) , which analysts say can reach Israel .
Western powers suspect Iran , the world ’s fourth - largest oil exporter , wants to make nuclear arms but Tehran denies this .
On Monday , the 27 - nation EU agreed new punitive measures targeting businesses and individuals the West says are linked to Iran ’s nuclear and ballistic programs .
The latest sanctions include an asset freeze on the largest bank , Bank Melli , and visa bans on senior officials like the Revolutionary Guards ’ chief Jafari , Defense Minister Mostafa Mohammad Najjar and Gholamreza Aghazadeh , Iran ’s top atomic official .
Foreign Ministry spokesman Mohammad Ali Hosseini condemned the move by the EU , still an important economic partner for Tehran even if trade volumes have declined , as “ illegal ” and made clear it would not slow Iran ’s nuclear activities .
OIL WINDFALL
Hosseini said the sanctions would strengthen the determination of Iranians “ to establish their obvious rights and will not help to create an appropriate atmosphere to resolve the issue through diplomatic channels ” .
He was referring to separate proposals put forward by Iran and by six world powers intended to defuse the dispute that has helped push up oil prices to record highs .
EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana handed Iran an offer on June 14 of economic and other benefits proposed by the United States , Russia , China , Britain , Germany and France to try to convince it to halt uranium enrichment .
Iranian officials have repeatedly ruled out suspending enrichment , which can have both civilian and military uses .
Their refusal to do so has drawn three rounds of limited U.N. sanctions since 2006 and Western powers have warned of more such measures if Iran rejects the latest offer .
Iran has put forward its own package of proposals aimed at resolving the row , but diplomats say it ignores global concern about its enrichment program .
Analysts say Western companies are becoming more wary of investing in Iran even though its windfall crude export earnings , which its oil minister estimates at $ 6 billion per month , are helping it to cushion the sanctions impact .
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , widely expected to stand for re-election in 2009 , is also under increased political pressure at home for failing to rein in annual inflation of 25 percent .
The United States , which has also imposed sanctions on Iran beyond the U.N. resolutions , says it is focusing on diplomatic pressure to thwart Tehran ’s nuclear plans but has not ruled out military action as a last resort .
On Friday , The New York Times quoted U.S. officials as saying Israel had carried out a large military exercise , apparently a rehearsal for a potential bombing of Iran ’s nuclear facilities .
From the May 2008 Idaho Observer :
Contaminated Kuwait sand lands in Idaho
Governor claims radioactivity of shipment at par with background levels in ambient Idaho
By The Idaho Observer
Nearly 80 rail cars containing 6,700 tons of contaminated sand from Gulf War I are being shipped by American Ecology Corp. to its hazardous waste disposal site near Grandview , 70 miles southeast of Boise .
The sand arrived by ship at Longbeach , Washington on May 12 .
The sand was from Camp Doha in Kuwait .
Responding to a series of questions posed by The Idaho Observer , Idaho Governor Butch Otter stated , " it appears that the material in question is well within the contaminant limitations of the U.S. ( sic ) Ecology permit . "
According to Major Doug Rokke ( ret. ) , " Camp Doha blew up during summer and we had conventional munitions , DU , chemicals , biological weapons , tanks , artillery , fuel , all stored in preparation for gulf war II .
A fire started and it all blew up leaving a real toxic mess .
We [ his team ] wrote the clean up plan during winter 1992 - 1993 as no bid contract for Halliburton .
We figure that with all of the medical problems the Kuwaiti government told DOD to finally get it out of Kuwait . "
The IO asked the governors office who collected the sand , who removed it from the site in Kuwait , who loaded it onto the ship , who inspected and sealed the load , who off broke the seal , inspected the contents and authorized the shipment to be loaded onto rail cars , who inspected the rail cars and who is assuming responsibility for the entire operation ?
The governors office failed to answer those questions but assured The IO that the shipment of sand was transported from Kuwait in special containers that were " sealed with customs procedures . "
The comment is not very reassuring since Customs observes different procedures depending on the type of cargo and the shipper .
Since American Ecology was working under contract with the U.S. Army , Customs would not observe the same procedures with the U.S. Army sand from Kuwait as it does a shipment of coffee from Columbia .
The main point of the letter was to assure us that we can trust the government . " let me assure you that the best science and most assiduous regulation is being used in safeguarding Idaho citizens from this and all other hazardous materials , " Governor Otter said .
Considering this was an international shipment , it would have been brokered through the U.S. State Department and Idaho would have " volunteered " to receive the shipment via the U.S. Army and its contractor American Ecology .
Governor
Otter claims that , " Dose rate measurements were taken on the surface of the container .
Those measurements were between 12 and 14 microrem per hour ( uRem / hr ) .
Background from naturally - occurring sources in Idaho is 10 to 15 uRem / hr . "
If the radiation levels from the sand were not greater than background levels in Idaho , which are probably less than anywhere in the Gulf at this time , then there would be no reason to ship the sand out of Kuwait .
If Major Rokke is right , then the sand is contaminated with toxic levels of other substances such as chemical weapons ( biologicals generally do not have much of a shelf life once released ) .
Governor
Otter made reference only to levels of radiation .
The Otter administration , without consent of the people of Idaho , is going ahead with plans to expand uranium mining operations in Idaho and is courting a French company that wants to process raw uranium into plutonium at plants to be built in Idaho .
The point of the previous paragraph is to illustrate that Otters Idaho is not really concerned about people and the environment ; saying so just sounds good in a letter .
Opening weekend of SEC football was like no other
Pete ’s post yesterday , “ Hello : Macs Are About to Get Interesting Again “  , was pure Mortensen : articulate , insightful , well researched , and on the topic of Apple needing to change designs , dead wrong .
While the Macbook / Pro line as well as the MacPro ’s are essentially indistinguishable from their predecessors , that ’s not necessarily a bad thing .
It ’s a design philosophy that has powered BMW and Mercedes for a good long while .
To that end , other than adding bling to satisfy a generation of new money rappers , Rolex has never fundamentally changed the design of the Datejust , Daytona , or Day / Date ( aka President ) watches .
The point : A classic is a classic .
Watch a television program .
The majority of the time they show someone working on a laptop , it ’s a Macbook Pro .
Sure , it might have a Pear or an Orange on the back , and sometimes a nasty sticker of some sorts , but it ’s identifiably a MBPro .
When a product ’s design is raised in the cultural consciousness to be synonymous with the artifact it ’s portraying ( eg MBPro = Laptop ) , it becomes the archetype for that artifact .
It means that whenever a consumer goes laptop shopping , their mental image for a laptop is of a Apple Macbook Pro , and any other purchasing decision they make will be an explicit compromise from the archetype .
This is not just a crazy theory of Leigh ’s , Apple ’s sales figures in the high - end laptop space prove this out .
Apple has attained this rarified place in the minds of consumers , with both the iPod and Macbook Pro lines .
That is the very LAST time to fundamentally change a design .
Bikini Clad Women form Olympic Rings Logo , New Guinness Record Photos
Setting a new Guinness World Record , 1,202 bikini clad women joined together to form the Olympic rings logo at Xiangjiang Water park in Guangzhou , China .
Guinness World Records , previously known as The Guinness Book of Records is a reference book published annually , containing an internationally recognized collection of world records , both human achievements and the extreme of the natural world .
The book itself holds a world record as the best - selling copyrighted series of all time .
The publication was started in 1951 and is printed in 25 languages and has been the subject of several television series commissioned to document world record breaking attempts .
Museums displaying world record documents and video can be found in Tokyo , Copenhagen , San Antonio , Niagara Falls , Hollywood and Gatlinburg , Tennessee .
Check out more photos below .
Photos : WENN
Paul Krugman is attacking Milton Friedman ( again ) for rotten tomatoes .
Here ’s Krugman in 2007 :
These are anxious days at the lunch table .
For all you know , there
may be E. coli on your spinach , salmonella in your peanut butter and
melamine in your pet ’s food and , because it was in the feed , in your
chicken sandwich .
Who ’s responsible for the new fear of eating ?
Some blame globalization ; some blame food - producing corporations ; some
blame the Bush administration .
But I blame Milton Friedman .
… Without question , America ’s food safety system has degenerated over the past six years .
and here he is today repeating himself :
Lately , however , there always
seems to be at least one food - safety crisis in the headlines – tainted
spinach , poisonous peanut butter and , currently , the attack of the
killer tomatoes .
How did America find itself back in The Jungle ?
I was curious so I collected data from the Center for Disease Control on Foodborne Disease Outbreaks from 1998 - 2006 .
The data only go back to 1998 because in that year the CDC changed its surveillance system creating a discontinuity but note that we are covering a chunk of the Clinton years and are well within the time frame over which Krugman says the safety system has degenerated .
Here ’s the result :
What we see is a lot of variability from year to year but a net downward trend .
You can also look at cases per year which are more variable but also show a net downward trend .
No evidence whatsoever that we are back " in The Jungle . "
Human Calendar is a ® of Craig Giffen , how posh .
Things are all © 2007 - 2020 .
Madonna 's Lourdes and Carlos Leon Out and About Photos
Madonna 's daughter Lourdes Maria Ciccone Leon is also the daughter of Carlos Leon .
The personal trainer and actor had a relationship with the singer in the mid 1990's .
Lourdes , 11 , was born in October 1996 .
Carlos , 41 , was born in Cuba .
He and his daughter were photographed in front of Madonna 's Manhattan apartment on the West Side hailing a cab on the 4th of July .
The pair have been photographed frequently at various outings , which seems to indicate that he and Lourdes have an ongoing relationship .
There have been rumors floating that Madonna and Guy Ritchie have split .
The couple have denied those allegations and were photographed doing dinner together earlier this week in SoHo .
New allegations have surfaced that suggest a potential affair between Alex Rodriguez and Madonna .
Check out more photos of father and daughter below .
MORE NEW 2010 PHOTOS HERE .
More photos and video here .
Photos : WENN
← →
The Programming Languages Zoo
Andrej Bauer
,
I teach Theory of Programing Languages ( page in Slovene ) .
For the course I implemented languages which demonstrate basic concepts such as parsing , type checking , type inference , dynamic types , evaluation strategies , and compilation .
My teaching assistant Iztok Kavkler contributed to the source code as well .
I decided to publish the source code as a Programming Language Zoo for anyone who wants to know more about design and implementation of programming languages .
The languages are not meant to compete in speed or complexity with their bigger cousins from the real world .
On the contrary , they are deliberately very simple , as each language introduces only one or two new basic ideas .
You should find the source code useful if you want to learn the basics .
It takes time to clean up the code and translate it from Slovene to English , so I am starting with just three languages :
calc – a simple calculator
– a simple calculator miniml – eager purely functional language
– eager purely functional language minihaskell – lazy purely functional language
I have many more in store : a polymorphic functional language , an imperative language , a language with record subtyping , an object - oriented language , miniScheme , and miniProlog .
I will eventually clean up the source code and publish it in the PL Zoo .
In the future I would like to add other languages , as well as demonstrate a variety of compilation and optimization techniques .
All langauges are implemented in Ocaml .
You are welcome to ask questions and discuss the languages on this blog .
Tipping can be a controversial subject .
Should you tip ?
How much ?
To whom ?
Do I need to break out the calculator to figure this out ?
Rest easy – we have a few handy tips to help you determine when you should tip , how much , and how to quickly determine how much to tip .
The standard tip for most services in the US is 15 % .
Love it or hate it , tipping is how many people earn their living , and it is here to stay .
Most people I know have no problem with leaving tips .
But I have noticed a lot of people have trouble determining how much they should leave .
Some people pull out a pen and paper and work it out to the penny , and others always leave the same amount , regardless of the bill .
I also know a guy who carries around a tip cheat sheet in his wallet , but as you can tell from the contents of my wallet , I do n’t like to carry around unnecessary items .
How Much Should You Tip ?
Instead of figuring out the tip to the penny , try these simple tricks to quickly and painlessly calculate your tips :
Divide by 6 .
My favorite tip trick to determine how much to leave is to divide the final bill by 6 , which comes out to 16.67 % .
Sure , it ’s a little higher than the standard 15 % , but it ’s also much easier to figure out .
Dividing by 7 ( 14.3 % ) and rounding up accomplishes the same thing .
If the service is great I will usually tip 20 % , which is easily determined by dividing the final bill by 5 .
If the service is adequate , but not great , I might divide 8 , which is 12.5 % , or 10 , which is 10 % .
Even then , I usually round up to the nearest dollar because I do n’t like carrying around change .
Divide by 10 and add half again .
Another quick way to get exactly 15 % is to divide a number by 10 , then add half that number .
Example : Let ’s try this out on an odd number …
How much would you tip on a $ 27 bill ?
If you want to pay exactly 15 % of $ 27 , you will pay $ 4.05 .
Check out how close you get by using the tips above :
Divide by 5 ( 20 % ) : $ 27 ÷ 5 = $ 5.40
Divide by 6 ( 16.7 % ) : $ 27 ÷ 6 = $ 4.50
Divide by 7 ( 14.3 % ) : $ 27 ÷ 7 = $ 3.86
Divide by 8 ( 12.25 % ) : $ 27 ÷ 8 = $ 3.38
Divide by 10 ( 10 % ) : $ 27 ÷ 10 = $ 2.70 ( add half again and you have $ 4.05 )
As you can see , all of these are easy to remember , easy to perform , and get you pretty close to the target number of 15 % , or higher or lower depending on how good or bad the service was .
Here Are Some Other Tipping Ideas :
Tipping rules of thumb
I generally tip at least $ 1 regardless of the bill , even if it is only a $ 0.99 cup of coffee .
I might tip more if I sit at the table for a long time because by occupying the table I am taking away other potential tips .
Another guideline is to tip a waiter or waitress 15 percent for good service , 20 percent for exceptional service and no less than 10 percent for poor service .
Even though you might want to skip out on the tip for poor service , you may be hurting others because in many restaurants waitstaff share tips with busboys , bartenders , and hostesses .
Double the tax , then round up
Tax in many locations is roughly 6 - 7 % .
Doubling the tip and rounding up to the nearest dollar often gets you very close to 15 % .
( This works better on smaller bills ) .
Tipping at a bar
I often tip $ 1 per drink .
If you want prompt service , make your first tip of the evening a good one , then follow that up with regular tips per drink after that .
If you open a tab , it ’s a good idea to make your first tip with cash to get the bartender ’s attention , ensuring prompt service for the rest of the evening .
Casinos .
Casino dealers do n’t earn much per hour from the casino but often earn quite a bit from tips .
It is considered good form to give them a small tip when you win a big hand or whenever there is a dealer change .
Many dealers also do n’t mind if you tip them by placing a bet for them ( often on the sucker bets ) .
Tipping on a cruise
Last year , my wife and I went on a cruise for our honeymoon .
We had a great time , and thankfully were prepared for the tips .
Expect to pay around $ 6 - 10 per person , per day , with optional tips as you go .
No tip
I do n’t recommend stiffing your waiter because , as mentioned earlier , tips are often shared .
But if you feel inclined to skip the tip anyway , do it the right way .
If you are paying with a credit card , do n’t write $ 0.00 .
It ’s too easy for the waiter ( or someone else ) to change the numbers to give himself a nice tip .
Instead , write NO TIP on the line .
There is no way to easily change that .
Also , consider speaking with the restaurant manager .
If the service is that poor , the manager will want to know .
Save big at Restaurant.com !
Right now you can get huge savings on restaurant gift certificates with Restaurant.com coupon codes .
Savings are usually in the 50 % - 80 % range !
One thing to remember when tipping on this service , make sure you tip on the whole bill , not just the amount you pay out of pocket .
See discounts at local restaurants with Restaurant.com >>
Tipping Tips for Your Vacation !
One of the hidden costs of taking a vacation is tips , especially if you are taking a cruise .
Cruises can be very expensive , and one of the things many people fail to consider is how much they will spend for tipping the crew , wait staff , bartenders , and everyone else who makes your trip as enjoyable as they can .
Tipping is different on each cruise line , so the best thing to do is check with your cruise line and determine how tips are handled , or if there are suggested rates for tips .
Here are a few things to keep in mind regarding tipping on cruise lines :
Tips may be automatically added to onboard accounts
Some cruise lines automatically add a predetermined amount to your onboard account .
The rates are usually determined on a per-person , per-day basis and are later split among the staff by the cruise line .
Some cruise lines have different rates for adults and children , and some charge the same rate for everyone .
Many cruise lines also give passengers the option of increasing or decreasing the amount they tip to either the entire staff or to individual crew members if the passengers believe they deserve more or less than the predetermined standard .
If the tips are automatically calculated and you wish to adjust them , you should go to the Purser ’s Office to make the changes .
Recommended Tips
Instead of automatically adding tips to onboard accounts , some cruise lines give recommendations for tips .
Celebrity Cruises has a long - standing tradition of having their passengers pass out envelopes to crew members on the last night of the cruise .
They provide their passengers with a list of “ suggested ” gratuities , but of course , guests can tip at the level they feel is appropriate .
Additional Charges
Most cruise lines automatically add 15 % gratuity to all bar bills .
Expect to give a similar tip for a visit to the health spa , masseuse , stylist , fitness classes , or other services .
However , tips for the other services may not be automatic .
How much should you expect to spend on gratuities ?
Automatic or recommended rates usually add up to around $ 6 - 10 per person , per day on the cruise .
While this does seem expensive , the service on cruise lines is usually top notch and should be rewarded .
While it may seem like an easy way to save a few bucks on your vacation , shortchanging your tips to save money is probably not the right thing to do unless the service you received was substandard .
After all , this is the crew members ’ livelihood .
My wife and I recently returned from our first cruise .
I must say , our trip was expensive but well worth it !
I have n’t sat down to compute the final bill for our vacation , but I know it is high .
In fact , for just under 2 weeks , we spent well over $ 250 on tips alone !
Yes , $ 250 is a lot of money , but you have to realize that cruise line employees make most of their money in the form of tips .
The best thing you can do is recognize the associated cost and budget for it !
Here is more information about tipping cruise line workers .
My wife and I traveled on Celebrity Cruise Line , so I included an example of their recommended tipping schedule , which we followed .
Celebrity Cruise line recommended tips ( These tips are per person , per day ) :
Waiter – $ 3.50
Assistant Waiter – $ 2.00
Assistant Maitre D’ – $ 0.75
Stateroom Attendant – $ 3.50
Assistant Chief Housekeeper – $.050
Total – $ 10.25 ( per person , per day )
For a 10 day cruise , that equals $ 205 for 2 people .
The total my wife and I paid for tips on our cruise was at least $ 230 .
( We tipped extra for a special dinner , and a 15 % gratuity is automatically added to all drinks and services , including alcohol , sodas , spa treatments , etc. ) .
Including the cruise , taxis , excursion drivers & tour guides , and other restaurants , I think we spent around $ 275-300 on tips for our 2 - week vacation .
Well - earned money
While I thought the cruise company did everything in their power to extract as much money as possible from their customers ( more on that in a later article ) , every crew member on the ship did everything they could to make our vacation memorable .
The service was everything we expected .
Because the crew members were such hard workers and pleasant people , I had no problem giving them the money they earned .
Can you save money by tipping less ?
You can , but I do n’t recommend cutting back on tips as a way to save money .
Tips represent a large portion of these workers pay , and by scaling back , you are taking money away from individual people , not some faceless corporation .
Travel Hint :
When budgeting for your next vacation ( especially if you will take a cruise ) , do n’t forget to budget for tips you may incur during your travels – such as tipping bag porters , taxi drivers , waiters , hotel staff , cruise line workers , and tour guides .
These tips add up quickly !
Do you have any tip tricks or advice to share ?
Note about tipping in the US and Canada : Many of the comments left on this article discuss tipping practices in the US and in Canada .
There is a big difference because waitstaff in Canada receives a minimum wage for their service , plus tips .
Most waitstaff in the US receive a reduced minimum wage ( typically half ) and their tips are supposed to make up the difference .
Related Post : How We Manage Our Money on a Daily Basis
There are two kinds of courage in war -- physical courage and moral courage .
Physical courage is very common on the battlefield .
Men and women on both sides risk their lives , place their own bodies in harm 's way .
Moral courage , however , is quite rare .
According to Chris Hedges , the brilliant New York Times war correspondent who survived wars in Latin America , Africa , the Middle East and the Balkans , " I rarely saw moral courage .
Moral courage is harder .
It requires the bearer to walk away from the warm embrace of comradeship and denounce the myth of war as a fraud , to name it as an enterprise of death and immorality , to condemn himself , and those around him , as killers .
It requires the bearer to become an outcast .
There are times when taking a moral stance , perhaps the highest form of patriotism , means facing down the community , even the nation . "
More and more U.S. soldiers and Marines , at great cost to their own careers and reputations , are speaking publicly about U.S. atrocities in Iraq , even about the cowardice of their own commanders , who send youth into atrocity - producing situations only to hide from the consequences of their own orders .
In 2007 , two brilliant war memoirs -- ROAD FROM AR RAMADI by Staff Sergeant Camilo Mejia , and THE SUTRAS OF ABU GHRAIB by Army Reservist Aidan Delgado -- appeared in print .
In March 2008 , at the Winter Soldier investigation just outside Washington D.C. , hard - core U.S. Iraqi veterans , some shaking at the podium , some in tears , unburdened their souls .
Jon Michael
Turner described the horrific incident in which , on April 28 , 2008 , he shot an Iraqi boy in front of his father .
His commanding officer congratulated him for " the kill . "
To a stunned audience , Turner presented a photo of the boy 's skull , and said : " I am sorry for the hate and destruction I have inflicted on innocent people . "
The Winter Soldier investigation was followed by the publication of COLLATERAL DAMAGE : AMERICA'S WAR AGAINST IRAQI CIVILIANS , by Chris Hedges and Laila Al - Arian .
Based on hundreds of hours of taped interviews with Iraqi combat veterans , this pioneering work on the catastrophe in Iraq includes the largest number of eyewitness accounts from U.S. military personnel on record .
The Courage to Resist
We cannot understand the psychological and moral significance of military resistance unless we recognize the social forces that stifle conscience and human individuality in military life .
Gwen Dyer , historian of war , writes that ordinarily , " Men will kill under compulsion .
Men will do almost anything if they know it is expected of them and they are under strong social pressure to comply . "
" Only exceptional people resist atrocity , " writes psychiatrist Robert Lifton .
How much easier it is to surrender to the will of superiors , to merge into the anonymity of the group .
It takes uncommon courage to resist military powers of intimidation , peer pressure , and the atmosphere of racism and hate that drives all imperial wars .
Silencing the Witnesses to War
War crimes are collective in nature .
Especially in wars based on fraud , soldiers are expected to lie -- to their country , to their community , even to themselves .
The silencing process begins on the battlefield in the presence of officers , power - holders who seek to nullify the perceptions and personal experience of troops under their command .
In his war memoir , Aidan Delgado describes attempts of his commanders to suppress the truth about Abu Ghraib .
First his captain says the Army has nothing to hide , Abu Ghraib is just a rumor .
But then the captain continues : " We do n't need to air our dirty laundry in public .
If you have photos that you 're not supposed to have , get rid of them .
Do n't talk about this to anyone , do n't write about it to anyone back home . "
In the U.S. military , the truth is seditious .
Two years ago , Marine Sergeant Jimmy Massey published his riveting autobiography ( written with Natasha Saulnier ) in France and Spain .
How the Marine Corps - through indoctrination and intimidation - transforms a homeboy from the Smoky Mountains of North Carolina into a professional killer who murders " innocent people for his government " is the subject of Massey 's unsettling , impassioned , Jar - head raunchy , and ultimately uplifting memoir , COWBOYS FROM HELL .
( No U.S. publisher has picked up the book .
A Marine who speaks truth to power is not without honor save in his own country . )
In Chapter 18 , Jimmy describes a seemingly minor encounter with his captain .
Here Massey gives us a look into the process of human denial in its early phase .
Massey has just participated in a checkpoint massacre of civilians .
His sense of decency , his sanity , is still in tact .
Like any normal human being , he is distraught .
The carnage of the war , the imbalance of power between the biggest war machine in history and a suffering people devoid of tanks and air power -- the sheer injustice of it all -- begins to take its toll on Massey 's conscience .
In the wake of the horrific events of the day , his captain is cool .
He walks up to Massey and asks ;
" Are you doing all right , Staff Sergeant ? "
Massey responds : " No , sir .
I am not doing O.K. Today was a bad day .
We killed a lot of innocent civilians . "
Fully of aware of the civilian carnage , his captain asserts : " No , today was a good day . "
Relatives wailing , cars destroyed , blood all over the ground , Marines celebrating , civilians dead , and " it was good day " !
The Massey incident goes beyond the mendacity of military life .
It concerns the control , the dehumanization of the psyches of our troops .
As one Vietnam veteran put it years ago : " They kept fucking with my mind . "
In 1994 Jonathan Shay , staff psychiatrist in the Department of Veterans Affairs , published a pioneering work on post traumatic stress -- Achilles in Vietnam : Combat Trauma and the Undoing of Character .
According to Shay , who recorded volumes of testimony from Vietnam veterans , commanders routinely try to efface the perceptions and the normal feelings of compassion among American troops .
Military necessity , including the ever - present need for political propaganda , determines what is perceived , and how it is perceived , in war .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
It was an extremely common experience in Vietnam , Shay writes , to be told by military superiors dealing with crime and trauma : " You did n't experience it , it never happened , and you do n't know what you know . "
And it was fairly common for traumatized soldiers to say to reporters : " It did n't happen .
And besides , they had it coming . "
Shay recorded the testimony of one veteran who , in great anger , describes the pressures to alter his perceptions of collective murder .
" Daylight came , and we found out we killed a lot of fishermen and kids ... You said to the team , ' Do n't worry about it .
Everything 's fucking fine . '
Because that 's what we were getting from upstairs .
The fucking colonel says , ' Do n't worry about it .
We 'll take care of it .
We got body count . '
They 'd be handing out fucking medals for killing civilians .
So in your mind you 're saying , ' Ah , fuck it , they 're just gooks . '
I was sick over it , after this happened .
I actually puked my guts out ... But see , it 's all explained to you by captains and colonels and majors .
' Fuck it , they was suspects anyways .
You guys did a great job .
Erase it .
It 's yesterday 's fucking news . ' "
Willful Ignorance at Home
The collective process of denial on the battlefield eventually extends to the homeland .
Returning soldiers , to be sure , are often honored , but only so long as they remain silent about the realities , the pathos , the absurd evils of war .
Willful public ignorance is a source of pain for veterans .
Ernest Hemingway 's brilliant short story , Soldier 's Home , published in 1925 after World War I , gives us insight into the reluctance of civilians to address the psychic needs of soldiers back from war .
The simply told story is about a young man named Krebs who returns to his home in Oklahoma .
At first Krebs does not want to talk about the war .
But soon he feels the need to speak -- to his family , his neighbors and friends .
But as Hemingway tells us , " Nobody wanted to hear about it . "
His town did not want to learn about atrocities , and " Krebs found that to be listened to at all he had to lie . "
There 's the rub .
His ability to assimilate into civilian life depended on his willingness to fabricate stories about the war .
Soldiers are not only expected to lie on behalf of the military during the course of war , they are also expected to participate in homecoming rituals that preserve the civilian fantasy of war 's nobility .
In Hemingway 's story , the pressure to lie is so powerful , Krebs begins to manufacture stories about his experiences in battle -- just to get along , just be able to lead a normal life .
Repression , however , is a major cause of mental illness and loneliness .
Krebs morale deteriorates .
He sleeps late in bed .
He loses interest in work .
He withdraws into himself .
That 's all Hemingway tells us .
It 's a quietly told story , all the more powerful for its understatement .
There is a connection between Hemingway 's war - informed fiction and real life .
As Shay notes , there is a tension between a soldier 's need to communalize shame and grief and the unwillingness of civilians to listen to troops whom they sent into battle .
One Vietnam veteran told the following story :
" I had just come back from Vietnam and my first wife 's parents gave a dinner for me and my parents and her brothers and their wives .
And after dinner we were all sitting in the living room and her father said : ' So , tell us what it was like . '
And I started to tell them , and I told them .
And do you know that within five minutes the room was empty .
They were all gone , except my wife .
After that I did n't tell anybody what I had seen in Vietnam . "
Welcome home , soldier .
Now shut up .
Notwithstanding clichÃƒ©s and pieties about support for troops , those who promote war are often the least likely to share the burdens and memories of war when soldiers return .
When Ron Kovic , who was paralyzed from the chest down during the war in Vietnam , steered his wheelchair down the aisle of the Republican National Convention in 1972 , the delegates spat on him and cheered for Nixon -- " Four more years . "
W.D. Erhart , Vietnam veteran and author of Passing Time , never forgot the horrific episodes of his tour in Vietnam .
In his first autobiography , he tells a friend about his speech at a Rotary Club .
" I even put on a coat and tie and went to the Rotary Club .
The Rotary Club , for chrissake .
I laid it all out for 'em .
I told 'em about search and destroy missions , harassment and interdiction fire , winning hearts and minds , all that stuff ... Was I ever sharp that day .
" Now listen .
You wo n't believe this .
I got done and nobody said a word .
No applause .
Nothing .
Then this skinny old fart shaped like a cold chisel gets up and says he 's a retired colonel , and he thinks we should keep on pounding those little yellow bastards until they do what we say or we kill 'em all , and he tells me I can't be a real veteran because a real veteran would n't go around badmouthing the good old U.S. of A. , and the whole place erupts in thunderous applause . "
Welcome home , soldier .
Now shut up .
Today Georgia Stillwell is a mother of a 21 - year - old Iraqi war veteran .
Her son is now homeless , unemployed , and despondent .
Early one morning he drove his car over an embankment .
She says that her son is a mere physical shell of himself .
" My son 's spirit and soul must still be wandering the streets of Iraq . "
It is not simply what happened in Iraq , but how veterans are treated at home when they seek to unburden their souls , that reinforces post - traumatic stress .
On the night he drove the car off the road , he was crying , talking about the war .
" His friends tell me he talks about the war .
They describe it as ' crazy talk . '
He wants the blood of the Iraqis he killed off his hands . "
" Each generation , " writes Chris Hedges , " discovers its own disillusionment , often at a terrible price .
And the war in Iraq has begun to produce legions of the lost and the damned . "
For our morally courageous veterans -- for all of us , really , who seek forgiveness -- only the truth can heal .
BlackCommentator.com
Guest Commentator , Paul Rockwell , is a writer living in the Bay Area .
He is also a columnist for In Motion Magazine .
Click here to reach Mr. Rockwell .
Copyright ©2002-2008 www.BlackCommentator.com
In Her Own Words
Read an impassioned letter Mary Mallon wrote in 1909 , when she petitioned the courts for her release .
Typhoid Mary :
Villain or Victim ?
An historian argues that public health officials should share the blame for Mallon 's behavior .
Science & Exploration
New details on venusian clouds revealed 30/05/2008 2819 views 2 likes
As ESA 's Venus Express orbits our sister planet , new images of the cloud structure of one of the most enigmatic atmospheres of the Solar System reveal brand - new details .
Venus is covered by a thick layer of clouds that extends between 45 and 70 km above the surface .
These rapidly - moving clouds are mainly composed of micron - sized droplets of sulphuric acid and other aerosols ( fine solid or liquid droplets suspended in a gas ) , the origin of which is unknown .
Earlier missions have shown that the clouds resemble Earth 's light fogs , but their thickness creates an impenetrable veil .
The Venus Monitoring Camera ( VMC ) on board Venus Express has been observing the top of the cloud layer in visible , near - infrared and ultraviolet wavelengths .
Ultraviolet observations have shown a wealth of new details including a variety of markings created by variable concentrations of different aerosols located at the top of the cloud layer .
Cloud structures at Venus ’ low latitudes
The first image presented here ( top of the article ) is a global view of the southern hemisphere of Venus , obtained from a distance of 30 000 km .
The south pole is at the bottom , while equator is at the top .
The appearance of the cloud veil changes dramatically from the equator to the pole .
At low latitudes , the shapes are spotty and fragmented .
This is indicative of vigorous , convective movement – like that of boiling water in a pot – powered by the radiation of the sun heating the clouds and the atmosphere itself .
The bright lace visible on top of the darker cloud deck is made of freshly formed droplets of sulphuric acid .
At mid latitudes , the scene changes – convective patterns give way to more streaky clouds indicating that convection is weaker here , as the amount of sunlight absorbed by the atmosphere decreases .
At high latitudes , the cloud structure changes again .
Here it appears as a dense , almost featureless haze forming a kind of polar cap or ' hood ' on Venus .
The dark , circular feature visible at the lower edge of the image is one of the dark streaks usually present in the polar region , indicating atmospheric parcels spiralling around and towards the pole .
Another view of Cloud structures at Venus ’s low latitudes Additional images provide close - up views of the structures described above and show details never seen before .
This is possible thanks to the elongated orbit of Venus Express , which allows imaging of the same phenomena from decreasing distances .
The second and third images zoom - in on the equatorial region , showing details of the cloud top and of the bright lace of sulphuric acid , from 20 000 and 15 000 km respectively .
Close - up on venusian clouds at mid-latitudes
The fourth image from the top is a close - up on the transition region between the equatorial regions dominated by convection and the mid-latitudes populated by streaky clouds .
This region is located at about 40 - 50 degrees latitude and was imaged from a distance of about 15 000 km .
The way the transition between structures and dynamics so different from each other occurs , is one of the outstanding enigmas in our understanding Venus .
Close - up on venusian cloud structures at the south pole
The second - last image , obtained from a distance of about 20 000 km , is a zoom - in on the south polar ' hood ' , located inside a 60 - degree - latitude circle .
This region varies greatly on time scales of days .
In this particular case it is very bright and uniform and lacks small - scale markings .
However several global dark streaks visible here usually cross the polar regions and seem to indicate strong ' jet ' winds .
Cloud structures along the northern hemisphere of Venus
The last image , a mosaic composed of 40 single ultraviolet images , covers latitudes from the equator ( bottom ) to the northern polar regions ( top ) .
The transition from mottled clouds in low latitudes to streaky patterns at mid-latitudes is quite similar to that observed in the southern hemisphere .
This suggests a global north - south symmetry of the overall cloud structure at Venus .
Notes for editors :
The VMC consortium includes the Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research ( MPS ) , the Institute of Planetary Research ( IPF , DLR , Berlin ) , and the Institute of Computer and Communication Network Engineering ( IDA , TU Braunschweig ) , all located in Germany .
For more information : Dmitri Titov , VMC co-investigator , Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research , Germany
Email : Titov @ mps.mpg.de Richard Moissl , VMC co-investigator , Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research , Germany
Email : Moissl @ mps.mpg.de Wojciech Markiewicz , VMC Principal Investigator , Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research , Germany
Email : Markiewicz @ mps.mpg.de Håkan Svedhem , ESA Venus Express Project Scientist
Email : Hakan .
Svedhem @ esa.int
In the world of insider - deals , there are good deals , extra - good deals and deals that are so good as to be slightly criminal .
In the recent butchering and shrink - wrapping of sovereign Iraqi oil , the latest poster piggly - wiggly is Ray Hunt , a Texas acquaintance of George Bush and Hunt Oil trust - fund - baby .
( Steven Mufson , Washington Post )
Bush Officials Condoned Regional Iraqi Oil Deal
Contract Contradicted State Dept.'s Public Stance Bush administration officials told Hunt Oil last summer that they did not object to its efforts to reach an oil deal with the Kurdish regional government in northern Iraq , even while the State Department was publicly expressing concern that such contracts could undermine a national Iraqi petroleum law , according to documents obtained by a House committee .
Last fall , after the deal was announced , the State Department said that it had tried to dissuade Hunt Oil from signing the contract with Kurdish regional authorities but that the company had proceeded " regardless of our advice . "
Although Hunt Oil 's chief executive has been a major fundraiser for President Bush , the president said he knew nothing about the deal .
This of course would n't be the first deal the president " knew nothing about , " but it 's part of a winding - down of the fire sale of American assets before he leaves office .
Except this gift is not American .
He has , for reasons known best to himself and his piggly - wiggly Texas friends , begun the final stretch of giving away Iraq .
( Wikipedia )
In 2006 Forbes estimated that Ray ’s family 's net worth increased from $ 200 million to $ 4 billion .
The ' friends in high places ' effect .
This little piggy went to Iraq , that little piggy stayed home .
This little piggy made billions , that little piggy made none .
" Kenny - Boy " Lay ( Enron ) did the honorable thing and died of a heart attack just prior to being sent to the slammer for 25 years .
That largest of the large corporate fraud - related collapses caught Bush ignorant of the facts as well .
But Ken Lay is just another Texas friend ( and heavy contributor ) and we 're writing here about the gift of Iraq 's sovereign interests .
Sovereign , by the way ( as in sovereign state ) , means ' not controlled by outside forces . '
Bush keeps calling Iraq a sovereign state , but it 's hard even for him to keep a straight face .
Yesterday , however , Henry A. Waxman ( D - Calif. ) , chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , released documents and e-mails showing that for nearly four months , State and Commerce department officials knew about Hunt Oil 's negotiations and had told company officials that there were no objections .
In one note , a Commerce Department official even wished them " a fruitful visit to Kurdistan " and invited them to contact him " in case you need any support . "
Fruitful does n't even half say it -- cornucopian is a better adjective .
Even so , one thing that has been confirmed in this Congress is that anything even glanced at by Henry Waxman 's black hole of oversight and reform is sucked forever from the nasty glare of oversight and reform .
Henry is chairmanship refined to political perfection , evolved to an almost Zen state of stagnation .
There was a time when a discouraging word from the State Department , particularly in something so sensitive as the dismantling of a sovereign ( there 's that word again ) nation 's natural resources , might kill a deal .
Then Colin Powell , who naively thought he was supposed to implement foreign policy , realized there was no foreign policy in this administration .
There was a profit policy .
Completing the hat - trick , Colin was kicked out and Bush 's alter - ego , Condoleeza Rice , took over .
It 's been downhill from there .
That 's saying a lot in a two - term administration where downhill was an acceptable direction .
That guidance contradicted the administration 's public posture .
The Bush administration made an Iraqi national petroleum law , which has still not been adopted , a top priority last year in the hope it would more tightly bind the country 's regions together and open the way for international oil companies to invest in much larger oil fields south of Iraq 's Kurdish region .
The State Department said , and continues to assert , that it opposes any contract with a regional Iraqi authority in the absence of a national petroleum law .
Smoke and mirrors .
Between bind the country 's regions together and open the way for international oil companies to invest , the operative phrase is open the way .
Iraq is being raped after having had its civil structure destroyed , along with any remote possibility of political reconciliation .
It cost a trillion dollars , but the terms of Cheney 's secret energy task force ( 2000 ) have been implemented .
Best of all , it was n't the energy sector 's money , it was yours and mine .
The cost in lives for this shared prosperity is the worst of it .
The Hunt Oil deal was seen by Kurdish officials as a key victory because the company 's chief executive , Ray L. Hunt , was not only a major backer of Bush but also a member of the President 's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board .
After the deal was completed , a dozen other foreign firms signed oil contracts with Kurdish authorities .
A member of the President 's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board ?
How , by any stretch of the imagination , does a Texan with no experience in foreign intelligence rate that ?
As to the contracts , the predator brings down the prey , eats his fill and then ( and only then ) the rest of the pack jumps in to rip up what tidbits are left .
An old and honored law of both jungle and insider - trading .
State Department spokesman Tom Casey said yesterday that " we continue to stand by our previous statements that the U.S. government made its objections to this arrangement known both to the company as well as to the KRG [ Kurdistan Regional Government ] . "
But in a letter to Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , Waxman said documents his committee had obtained " tell a different story about the role of Administration officials . "
The documents show that as early as June 12 , 2007 , Hunt Oil officials met with members of the State Department 's Regional Reconstruction Team for the Kurdistan region in Erbil and on June 15 specifically asked whether there was a policy about companies entering contracts with Kurdish authorities .
According to notes taken by Hunt Oil officials , they were told that the " U.S. has no policy , for nor against . "
Divide and conquer , trash the rules , confuse issues , deny and deny and deny .
Pretty soon you 're out of office , skillfully un-indicted and all your friends and supporters got rich .
A few kids killed along the way , but hey , stuff happens .
Question : What do Bush and Hunt both owe to their daddies ?
Answer : Everything .
Question :
What have they done with that legacy ?
Answer : Destroyed a significant part of the world at enormous cost to others and profited from the result .
They used to call that war - profiteering and folks went to jail for it .
But that was back before 9 - 11 , before the shell - game that has become government policy under these intellectual midgets who call themselves men .
_______________________________________________________
Media comment ;
ECJ is a research EC system written in Java .
It was designed to be highly flexible , with nearly all classes ( and all of their settings ) dynamically determined at runtime by a user - provided parameter file .
All structures in the system are arranged to be easily modifiable .
Even so , the system was designed with an eye toward efficiency .
ECJ is developed at George Mason University 's ECLab Evolutionary Computation Laboratory .
The software has nothing to do with its initials ' namesake , Evolutionary Computation Journal .
ECJ 's sister project is MASON , a multi-agent simulation system which dovetails with ECJ nicely .
New Paper !
NSF Grant !
Features
General Features GUI with charting
Platform - independent checkpointing and logging
Hierarchical parameter files
Multithreading
Mersenne Twister Random Number Generators
Abstractions for implementing a variety of EC forms .
A really , really big manual
Optional builds with Apache Maven EC Features Asynchronous island models over TCP / IP
Master / Slave evaluation over multiple processors , with support for generational , asynchronous steady - state , and coevolutionary distribution
Genetic Algorithms / Programming style Steady State and Generational evolution , with or without Elitism
Evolutionary - Strategies style ( mu , lambda ) and ( mu+lambda ) evolution
Dedicated package for efficient single - state ( hill - climbing , simulated annealing , etc. ) methods
CMA-ES , AMaLGaM IDEA , PBIL , DOvs EDAs
Ant System , Ant Colony System , and GRASP
Very flexible breeding architecture
Many selection operators
Multiple subpopulations and species
Inter - subpopulation exchanges
Reading populations from files
Single - and Multi-population coevolution
NSGA -II , NSGA - III , and SPEA2 multiobjective optimization
Particle Swarm Optimization
Differential Evolution
Spatially embedded evolutionary algorithms
Hooks for other multiobjective optimization methods
Meta-Evolution
Packages for parsimony pressure GP Tree Representations Set - based Strongly - Typed Genetic Programming
Ephemeral Random Constants
Automatically - Defined Functions and Automatically Defined Macros
Multiple tree forests
Six tree -creation algorithms
Extensive set of GP breeding operators
Grammatical Encoding
Push
Many pre-done GP application problem domains , including ant , regression , multiplexer , lawnmower , parity , two - box , edge Vector ( GA / ES ) Representations Fixed - Length and Variable - Length Genomes
Arbitrary representations
Variety of mutation and crossover operators
Many pre-done vector application problem domains ( rastrigin , sum , rosenbrock , sphere , step , noisy - quartic , booth , griewangk , nk , hiff , median )
23 Black - Box Optimization competition benchmark problems , plus noisy versions .
Other Representations NEAT
Multiset - based genomes in the rule package , for evolving Pitt - approach rulesets or other set - based representations .
Download ECJ
Reviews
Mailing Lists
subscribe ECJ-INTEREST-L
unsubscribe ECJ-INTEREST-L
ecj - help @ cs.gmu.edu
THESE are the generations of cosmetic medicine :
First came the “ medical spa , ” or medi spa , offering dermatology services in a retail setting .
The medi spa begat the dental spa , bringing tooth bleaching to storefronts nationwide .
The dental spa begat the podiatry spa .
And now comes the first medi spa in Manhattan wholly dedicated to strengthening and grooming a woman ’s genital area .
Phit  short for pelvic health integrated techniques  is to open this month on East 58th Street .
Dr. Lauri Romanzi , a gynecologist who performs pelvic reconstruction surgery , said she came up with the idea for the spa one day while walking by an outlet of BriteSmile , the tooth - whitening chain .
She liked that the stores cater to people with healthy teeth .
So Dr. Romanzi developed her own concept of “ pelvic fitness ” for healthy women .
She said that Phit ( www.theperfectphit.com) will help women get “ in shape from the inside out . ”
Crow ’s
Nest is the go - to place for selling yachts .
We know the market .
From small yachts , to high performance yachts , fishing yachts and ocean - crossing yachts , we can get your boat in front of more people .
We have our own proprietary , hand - curated database to help get your boat in front of the right person .
We can also help you have your boat ready to get the best price .
Police on Monday said a 17 - year - old girl living in Fukuoka on Saturday posted a threatening message in which she said she would kill people at a train station in Kyushu .
She used the same online bulletin board as Tomohiro Kato , the suspect in the Akihabara stabbing spree in Tokyo .
Police said they intend to send her to prosecutors .
According to police , around 7:19 a.m. on Saturday , the girl posted the message which said : “ I intend to carry out a massacre at a station in Kyushu which will go down in history .
I 'm the same as Kato .
I feel sympathy for him .
I will be executed because I will kill more people than he did . ”
After the message was reported , prefectural police in Kyushu and JR mobilized security personnel at stations .
The girl was quoted by police as saying , “ I was just joking .
I did n't imagine it would turn into such a big deal . ”
© Japan Today
Dark matter was theorized to exist relatively recently , and we ’ve come a long way in understanding what makes up a whopping 23 % of our Universe .
Our own galaxy is surrounded by a halo of dark matter that adds to its mass .
A recent paper on the dark matter closer to home â€ “ right here in our own Solar System â€ “ reveals that it is denser and more massive than in the galactic halo .
Dark matter is just plain weird stuff .
It does n’t give off light , has mass and reacts gravitationally with “ normal ” matter â€ “ the stuff that we and our planet and the stars are composed of .
Just like normal matter , it “ clumps ” up , or accretes , because of this gravitational attraction ; we find more dark matter near galaxies than in the vast expanses between them .
Dark matter is n’t just far off in the Milky Way or somewhere on the other side of the Universe , though : it ’s right here at home in our Solar System .
In a recent paper submitted to Physical Review D , Ethan Siegel and Xiaoying Xu of the University of Arizona analyzed the distribution of dark matter in our Solar System , and found that the mass of dark matter is 300 times more than that of the galactic halo average , and the density is 16,000 times higher than that of the background dark matter .
Over the history of the Solar System , Xu and Siegel calculate that 1.07 X 10^20 kg of dark matter have been captured , or about 0.0018 % the mass of the Earth .
To get a handle on this number , the mass of Ceres â€ “ the largest object in the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter â€ “ is about 9 times this amount .
Siegel and Xu calculated how much dark matter the Solar System has swept up over it ’s 4.5 billion - year lifespan by modeling the composition of the background dark matter halo in the orbit of the Solar System around the galaxy , and calculating just how much dark matter would be trapped by the Solar System as it moves through this halo .
They ran this calculation for the Sun and each one of the eight planets separately , giving the distribution of the matter throughout the Solar System , as well as the total amount captured .
Much like when you drive your car through a light snowfall , dark matter “ sticks ” to the Solar System when it is gravitationally bound by the Sun and planets .
Just as some of the snow melts on your windshield ( hopefully ) , some does n’t stick to the hood and most just flies right by , dark matter is n’t distributed evenly throughout our Solar System , either .
Some planets have more dark matter surrounding them than others , depending on where they are .
Shown below is the density distribution of the dark matter in the Solar System
The first spike is Mercury , and the next two spikes are Venus and Earth ( Mars does n’t show up ) .
The next is Jupiter , followed by a small bump from Saturn and finally Uranus and Neptune combined create the last small bump .
How does the local dark matter effect interactions in the Solar System ?
Well , it does n’t have a large effect on the orbits of the planets , nor does it slow down the Solar System in its orbit around the galactic center appreciably .
“ Planetary orbits , if there were enough dark matter present , would have their perihelia precess faster than if there were no dark matter .
The amount of dark matter allowed from these observations is considerably greater than the amount I predict .
The errors on the measurements of perihelion precession are in units of hundredths of an arc second per century …
Even if you assume the dark matter is at rest with respect to the galaxy that the Solar System moves through ( which is the extreme example ) , the Sun is of order 10^30 kg ; capturing a 10 ^ 20 kg clump of dark matter will slow you down by about 20 microns / second over the lifetime of the Solar System .
So that would be small . ” â€ “ Ethan Siegel in an email interview .
And , alas , the mystery of the Pioneer anomaly is not going to be solved by this revelation , as the mass of the captured dark matter is not enough to explain the odd motions of that spacecraft .
The discovery of a higher density and mass of dark matter in our neighborhood may aid in the study and detection of dark matter , though .
Knowing the mass and density distribution of the local dark matter â€ “ and thus knowing how much and where to look for it â€ “ will provide astronomers looking into solving exactly what it ’s made up of with more information .
“ Our determination of the local dark matter density and velocity distribution are of great importance to direct detection experiments .
The most recent calculations that have been carried out assume that the properties of dark matter at the Sun ’s location are derived directly from the galactic halo .
By comparison , we find that terrestrial experiments should also consider a component of dark matter with a density 16,000 times greater than the background halo density , ” wrote Xu and Siegel .
Source : Arxiv , email interview with Ethan Siegel
After falling prey to an aggressive debt collector , Mike Gambino says declaring bankruptcy was the best day of his life .
Photos America 's Money : Debt crush View photos
Americans deep in debt are struggling more than ever amid the credit crisis and economic downturn .
See how people got in the hole and what they 're doing to get out .
What 's prohibited : Harassment Debt collectors cannot use threats of violence or harm , publish a list of consumers who refuse to pay their debts , use obscene or profane language , or repeatedly use the telephone to annoy someone .
False statements
Debt collectors cannot falsely imply that they are attorneys or government representatives , falsely imply that you have committed a crime , falsely represent that they operate or work for a credit bureau , misrepresent the amount you owe , indicate that papers being sent to you are legal forms when they are not , or indicate that papers being sent to you are not legal forms when they are .
Unfair practices
Debt collectors cannot collect any amount greater than your debt , unless your state law permits it ; deposit a post - dated check prematurely ; use deception to make you accept collect calls or pay for telegrams ; take or threaten to take your property unless this can be done legally ; or contact you by postcard .
Source : Federal Trade Commission CDs & Money Market MMA 0.69 % $ 10 K MMA 0.42 % 6 month CD 0.94 % 1 yr CD 1.49 % 5 yr CD 1.93 %
Find personalized rates :
Rates provided by Bankrate.com .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Six months after Rob Hruskoci closed his business , a debt collector called and demanded payment that day for the $ 5,000 balance on his business credit card .
" They want me to wire them $ 1,900 in 5 hours , " Hruskoci said .
" It was all about intimidation and harassment . "
With the economy in a tailspin , more consumers like Hruskoci are falling behind in their loan repayments , and finding themselves the target of aggressive debt collectors .
Complaints against debt collectors have risen substantially in the last few years , according to the Better Business Bureau - up 20 % in 2006 and 26 % in 2007 , according to preliminary figures .
As cash - strapped consumers struggle to make ends meet , third - party collection agencies are buying up debt from companies and actively trying to recoup losses and collect commissions .
Collection services go after past - due accounts referred to them by various credit grantors such as credit card issuers , banks , car dealerships , stores and hospitals - any business that extends credit or offers payment installment plans .
There are about 6,500 collection agencies in the United States .
And they serve a useful purpose - debt collectors returned $ 39.3 billion to the U.S. economy in 2005 , according to the Association of Credit and Collection Professionals .
Third - party collectors are regulated by the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act ( FDCPA ) , which is administered by the Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) .
There are strict guidelines aimed at protecting consumers from abusive or unfair debt collection practices .
But there are also agencies that blatantly disregard those rules .
After a bad bicycling accident , Mike Gambino , 28 , had a $ 20,000 bill from the hospital and no savings with which to pay it .
He tried to work out a payment plan , but despite what agreement he thought he had made , his debt ended up in the hands of a collection agency .
Then began the months of harassment , he said , with agents often calling five or six times a day - from 6 in the morning to 12:30 at night .
" They were harassing me , one of them threatened to throw me in jail , " he said .
So Gambino learned what his rights were and got himself a lawyer .
In fact , collectors may contact you in person , by mail , telephone , or fax .
However , they may not contact you at inconvenient times or places , such as before 8 a.m. or after 9 p.m. , unless you agree .
A debt collector also may not tell you that you will be arrested if you do not pay .
( For more on your basic rights , see " What 's prohibited " )
Proceed with caution
If a debt collector contacts you , your first move should be to ask for proof of the debt , said Linda Sherry , of Consumer Action , a consumer advocacy group .
" What you should get is a real document with your signature that shows you applied for the debt . "
Collection agencies use a practice of tracking people down called " skip tracing . "
" Sometimes they make huge leaps between what 's real and what 's not , " Sherry said .
You might have been contacted erroneously , just because you have the same name as the debtor they are looking for , or their old cell phone number .
Even if the debt is yours , it could be old enough to no longer be collectable .
Some debt has a statute of limitations , which can range from three to 15 years , depending on your state .
Make sure you find out your debt 's expiration date because once you pay a portion or initiate a payment plan , the clock starts ticking all over again , Sherry said .
If you do negotiate a repayment plan , make sure you get it in writing - and that goes for every other correspondence as well .
It 's very important to open up a file and write down the names and numbers of the people who contact you , Sherry said .
Keep copies of every letter sent and received , and track all correspondence with certified mail and return receipt .
To further protect yourself from harassment , use a pay phone if you do n't want the collection agents to have your phone number , and tell them not to call you at work .
You can stop a debt collector from contacting you altogether by writing a letter telling it to stop .
Once the collector receives your letter , it may not contact you again except to say there will be no further contact .
That does not make your debt go away , but it will offer a reprieve from the phone calls .
" I really recommend that people contact an attorney that 's a member of the National Association of Consumer Advocates , " Sherry said .
If you feel like you have been treated unfairly , find an attorney with expertise in the Fair Debt Collection Practices
Act who will take the case on a contingency basis .
Plus , if you have an attorney , the debt collector must contact the attorney , rather than you .
You can also report any problems you have with a debt collector to your state attorney general 's office and the Federal Trade Commission .
Many states have their own debt collection laws , and your attorney general 's office can help you determine your rights .
Quotes
' Do you remember me ?
How we used to be ?
Do you think we should be closer ? ' - Pink Floyd in ' Your Possible Pasts '
' I say we say farewell as the bell strikes twelve ' - Lake of Tears in ' Devil 's Diner '
' The bossy lady ' & ' I 'm not , Mel .
You are . ' - Al Pacino in ' Scarface '
' Overhead the albatross hangs motionless upon the air ' - Pink Floyd in ' Echoes '
' I was born skinny ' - Papillon in the eponymous movie
A stretch of the Pacific Ocean off California 's wild north coast seems poised to get permanent federal protection from oil exploration and other development , in recognition that the area lies within one of the four richest marine feeding grounds in the world .
The US Senate is expected this week to vote in favor of extending two marine sanctuaries to cover ocean waters off a 76 - mile stretch of the Sonoma County and south Mendocino County coasts – a move that would be a major victory for California in its 50 - year battle to restrict offshore oil drilling .
The House of Representatives approved the measure April 1 .
" After decades of struggle , the door has opened to the national significance of this region , " says Richard Charter of the environmental group Defenders of Wildlife .
He says 25 years of give and take by oil interests , environmentalists , and politicians have finally aligned , even as public interest in beach protection is rising .
President Bush is likely to sign the bill because of its many supporters , including the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , state and local governments , the fishing industry , conservation groups , and marine scientists , say close observers .
California 's Mendocino - Sonoma region is probably best known for its onshore beauty : soaring redwoods , the rolling hills of wine country , a rugged coastline .
But its offshore attributes are no less unique .
The natural interaction of wind and water currents brings nutrients up from the ocean floor and distributes them along the California coast – providing sustenance for birds and marine life , including endangered salmon , Steller sea lions , gray whales , and northern fur seals .
A high - profile spill of 58,000 gallons of fuel oil from a tanker that struck the San Francisco Bay Bridge in November – closing fisheries , ending crab season , and fouling beaches – was an added catalyst to the legislation , Mr. Charter and others say .
Several members of Congress whose districts were hit by the spill have become sponsors or supporters of the bill in recent months .
" They are more concerned because they 've realized we really have n't gotten that much better in cleaning [ oil spills ] up , " Charter says .
If the legislation is approved , it would double the size of two existing national marine sanctuaries near San Francisco and Marin , called Cordell Bank and Gulf of Farallones .
Before the House approved the measure , Republicans on the Natural Resources Committee had warned it would cut off access to potential future supplies of oil and gas , even as oil prices topped $ 100 per barrel .
" The industry is concerned about the overall issue of supply versus demand : Every drop of oil we can't produce domestically from US reserves is replaced by a drop of foreign imports , " says Joe Sparano , president of the Western States Petroleum Association , a trade group .
" But … we have respect for what appears to be a very strong and clear signal from the public . "
Others note that California 's opposition to offshore drilling puts more pressure on other domestic oil - producing regions , such as Alaska and the Gulf of Mexico .
It 's not known how much oil or gas could lie in the areas that would be newly protected .
" The standoff between environmentalism and energy realities is something this country will have to confront , not at the state level but the federal level , and not just about issues in California but in other areas of the country where we have oil , " says Herb London , president of the Hudson Institute , a Washington think tank .
There has been scant new federal protection of ocean regions in recent years , notes William Moomaw , professor of international environmental policy at the Fletcher School of Tufts University , in Medford , Mass .
The last significant move was in June 2006 , when Mr. Bush signed a proclamation creating the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands Marine National Monument , which put 140,000 square miles of coral reef ecosystem under the nation 's toughest marine environmental protection .
Enlarging the sanctuaries is of enormous importance to the well - being of the fishing industry , which has been socked by mounting fishing restrictions , says Zeke Grader , executive director of the Pacific Coast Federation of Fishermen 's Associations .
Reader Oshayr has been making all kinds of about : config tweaks to Firefox after reading our power user 's guide to Firefox 3 and top Firefox config tweaks , but he 's discovered that all that tweaking is a lot easier with the about : config window in your sidebar .
So Oshayr created a new bookmark from the about : config page and ticked the box next to Load this bookmark in the sidebar .
Now , when reading through a post dedicated to about : config tweaks , Oshayr selects and drags tweaks to the filter box .
Simple , yes , but way more useful copying , pasting , and switching between tabs or windows when you 're tweaking Firefox .
Advertisement
John Trumbull .
The Declaration of Independence . ( c. 1817 -1819 ) 144 BY
216 IN .
United States Capitol Building Rotunda .
( Click on the image for a high resolution version . )
The painting depicts the presentation of the draft of the Declaration of Independence to John Hancock , then President of the Second Continental Congress ( 1775 - 1777 ) by Thomas Jefferson , John Adams , and Benjamin Franklin , who were given by the task of writing the Declaration .
John Trumbull ( 1756 - 1843 ) was born in the Colony of Connecticut , where his father was the Crown - appointed Governor and the only Royal Governor to support Independence for the Colonies .
Using his family ’s close ties to England , Trumbull studied and worked in the London studio of the British portraitist Benjamin West .
While in Europe he painted the portraits of John Adams , serving as the Ambassador to England at the time , and Benjamin Franklin and Thomas Jefferson , who were both Ambassadors to the French Court .
These portraits would later be incorporated into The Declaration of Independence .
The scale and multi-figural nature of the painting are ambitious .
There are 47 portraits , all done from life .
The painting itself was made over a period of three years .
However , Trumbull , in his career as a portraitist in the Colonies , had gathered many of the portraits over f decades and brought together his sketches for this piece .
A key to the painting with the name of each figure .
The painting was later used as the back of the two - dollar bill .
United States Currency .
Two - Dollar Bill .
The Declaration of Independence was commissioned by the United States Congress to be hung in the Capitol Building .
It is one of eight paintings of the same scale that Turnbull painted for the Rotunda :
Surrender of General Burgoyne
Surrender of Lord Cornwallis
General George Washington Resigning his Commission
Death of General Warren
Death of General Montgomery
George Washington before the Battle of Trenton
Battle of Princeton
But , because Congress had only commissioned four paintings , the last four were sent or sold to other institutions .
The narrow streets leading to Earl Ofari Hutchinson ’s house are scattered with wind chimes and bird houses and manicured topiaries that look as if they ’ve been lifted from a Dr. Seuss book .
The house number is painted on a little sign in the shape of a terrier , his garage is framed by pink roses and his stucco walls have been painted a radiant Tuscan orange .
One neighbor grows kumquats ; another puts a 10 - foot star atop his house every Christmas , so bright you can see it clear over on Slauson Avenue .
When Hutchinson , 62 , a noted political analyst and author , greets you at the front door , it ’s hard to tell that anything is amiss .
“ It ’s a great neighborhood , ” he agrees .
“ It just has a fatal flaw . ”
Advertisement
Hutchinson ’s house in Windsor Hills , along with nearby Baldwin Hills , Ladera Heights , Culver Crest and View Park , make up a well - heeled , doughnut - shaped community that has had , from its inception , an unusual and awkward centerpiece : a 1,000 - acre oil field .
The oil field was discovered in 1924 and is operated by the Plains Exploration & Production Co. , a Texas firm better known as PXP .
The company extracts about 9,000 barrels of oil and natural gas each day .
And the arguments for capping production at that level -- much less turning the land into a park , as many have long hoped for -- seem to fray each day as oil prices soar and U.S. supplies tumble .
PXP is pushing to add new wells -- potentially , one every week or so for the next 20 years .
Indeed , energy companies across Southern California are shaking off the long sleep once brought on by low oil prices .
Sometimes it ’s easy to forget about all the oil down there , easy to forget that before storied gushers like Texas ’ Spindletop ushered in the petroleum age , prospectors found oil near Chavez Ravine , supposedly by digging with a sharpened eucalyptus log .
Today , drilling operations offer more potential return than they have in years , and scores of new wells are on tap , in Long Beach , in the Whittier Hills , in Ventura County .
Advertisement
Many will be small - scale operations , some hidden behind trees or fake buildings .
You might never know they are there -- unless , of course , you live next door .
Hutchinson beckons you into his backyard .
Until recently there was a tidy stone patio , surrounded by lemon and orange trees .
That ’s been reduced to hard dirt .
An umbrella that once went with a picnic table has been tossed into the shrubbery , where it is fading and cracking in the sunlight .
Contractors recently spent two months , and Hutchinson spent $ 125,000 , lifting his home , tearing up the backyard and fixing a gaping crack in an exterior wall .
He blames PXP -- specifically the vibrations of the drilling at the bottom of the hill behind his house .
With workers clanging away on a nearby well , Hutchinson runs a slender finger along a crack that zigzags up to a second - floor window .
The crack is n’t as bad as it was before , he says , but it ’s clearly started again -- three months after the repair job .
Advertisement
PXP denies its operation had anything to do with the damage .
Regardless , the dispute is a taste of the kind of battle that will almost certainly spider - web across Southern California in coming years :
In the Whittier Hills , where oil was first extracted more than a century ago , city officials bought more than 1,200 acres of land in 1995 -- much of it from Chevron Corp . and the now - defunct Unocal -- with the goal of conservation .
Today , Whittier is studying whether to reopen the land to oil production , said Assistant City Manager Nancy Mendez .
If the city decides that drilling could take place without damaging a wildlife corridor that stretches to Chino Hills , production could begin by 2011 .
In the Long Beach area , home to a 21 - square - mile oil field , 70 new wells were installed last year and another 70 are expected this year .
Growth could come faster , but the region is hamstrung by a lack of experienced engineers and geologists , as well as by eager companies fighting over a limited pool of drilling materials .
Advertisement
“ Your wants and desires are governed by what you can accomplish and what you can get ahold of , ” said Curtis Henderson , the city ’s manager of oil operations .
Venoco Inc. is looking to increase production at its Southern California sites , said Mike Edwards , a vice president .
At the firm ’s 65 - well West Montalvo Field in Ventura County , for instance , production has increased between 20 % and 30 % in the last year , to about 1,000 barrels a day , he said .
“ Elevated prices , ” Edwards said , “ definitely make some of the properties that had marginal economics a lot more attractive . ”
More attractive , that is , to oil companies .
Advertisement
Gary Gless , 52 , a retired Hollywood construction coordinator , bought his Windsor Hills home 12 years ago .
The house , with views to the Pacific on a clear day , was more than a half - century old , and Gless and his wife , Leslie , were just the second owners .
That ’s typical in the neighborhood , where few people leave , and when they leave the natural way , homes often stay in the family .
All of the communities surrounding the PXP operation are fiercely protective of their neighborhood .
“ This , ” Gless said , “ was my investment . ”
He dove in , digging terraces into the steep hill behind his home and planting a lovely spread of 40 fruit trees , including dwarf Meyer lemon and guava , interspersed with fish ponds and wisteria vines .
The plan was to collect on a reverse mortgage and live off the proceeds -- a plan that Gless believes is now in peril because of PXP ’s expansion plans .
As it is , complaints about noise and fumes are already routine in the neighborhood .
Advertisement
“ It ’s scary enough that I might have to move , ” said Gless , who has become a leader of an effort to stave off the expansion .
“ Thousands of homes will be affected . ”
Community protests are already having an effect .
In Whittier , environmentalists have extracted promises that local officials will apply stringent tests in determining whether drilling would cause lasting damage .
And this week , PXP agreed not to submit permit applications for new wells until late October , to allow time for public hearings , though a moratorium on new wells expired in June .
“ I would like to stay here for the rest of my life -- if we can keep the property values up and the community strong , ” said Sally Hampton , 49 , who has lived in Windsor Hills for 28 years .
Advertisement
She said scrambling to jack up domestic oil production is merely a way of “ delaying the inevitable ” -- moving toward alternative energy sources .
“ They stand to profit -- tremendously -- at the expense of the community , ” she said .
“ And drilling in our neighborhood is not going to solve the oil crisis . ”
A PXP vice president , Steve Rusch , said that not only can the operation be conducted safely , but every drop of oil extracted locally “ directly offsets ” an equal amount of oil that needs to come into Southern California ports .
“ If we do n’t do it , where does the oil come from ? ” he said .
“ Where does the check get written to ?
The Middle East ?
Venezuela ?
Every little bit counts . ”
Advertisement
But do n’t take Rusch ’s word for it .
Many neighbors agree they do n’t have a leg to stand on .
Not only do they face daunting practical obstacles -- starting with the fact that drilling is legal -- they figure they could lose the battle for public opinion , too .
“ What do you care if I ’ve got a crack in my wall ? ” Hutchinson said .
“ What really means something to you is lowering fuel costs .
It ’s a very compelling argument .
So I figure they can do whatever they want . ”
--
scott.gold@latimes.com
Back to home page
ISR Issue 57 , January February 2008
The politics of identity SHARON SMITH argues that identity politics can't liberate the oppressed FIGHTING AGAINST oppression is an urgent issue in U.S. society today .
Racism , sexism , and homophobia have all reached appalling levels — that seem only to rise with each passing year .
White students in Jena hang nooses , and Black students end up in prison .
1 Squads of Minutemen vigilantes patrol the Mexican border with impunity , for the sole purpose of terrorizing migrant communities .
2 College campuses across the U.S. commemorate “ Islamo - fascism awareness week ” as if it were just another legitimate student activity .
3 Fred Phelps and his Kansas - based Westboro Baptist Church congregation regularly picket outside funerals of gay soldiers killed in Iraq , proclaiming that they belong in hell .
4
To be sure , the problem extends way beyond the extremist fringe .
Media pundits barely comment on the outrages described above , while mainstream discourse regularly heaps contempt on those attempting to fight against oppression — including young women organizing against date rape ( which is assumed to be a figment of their feminism - charged imaginations ) and immigrants demanding basic legal rights ( as if they are out to steal jobs from native - born workers ) .
If the “ playing field is level , ” as so many in the mainstream media assume , those who object must therefore be seeking an unfair advantage .
It is no wonder , therefore , that so many people who experience oppression feel so embattled in the current political climate .
Only a movement aimed at fighting oppression in all its forms can challenge the victim - blaming ideology that prevails today .
The pressing need for such a movement is acknowledged here .
Indeed , this article is intended to address the issue of how to most effectively fight back , since different political strategies lead to quite different conclusions about the kind of movement that is needed to challenge oppression .
The bulk of this article is a critique of the theory behind what is known in academic and left circles as “ identity politics ” — the idea that only those experiencing a particular form of oppression can either define it or fight against it — counterposing to it a Marxist analysis .
My central premise is that Marxism provides the theoretical tools for ending oppression , while identity politics does not .
Personal identity versus the politics of identity
It is important to make a clear distinction between personal identity and identity politics , since the two are often used interchangeably .
But there is a substantial difference between these two concepts .
Possessing a personal “ identity , ” or awareness of oneself as a member of an oppressed group — and the anger associated with that awareness — is a legitimate response to experiencing oppression .
Racism is , of course , experienced on a very personal level — whether it takes the form of institutional discrimination ( racist hiring practices , police brutality ) or social interaction ( racist jokes , violence from an acknowledged racist ) .
Personal experience , furthermore , helps to shape one ’s political awareness of oppression .
It makes perfect sense that experiencing sexism on a personal level precedes most women ’s political consciousness of sexism as a form of oppression that degrades all women .
Indeed , no white person can ever understand what it is like to experience racism .
No straight person can understand what it is like to experience homophobia .
And even among people who are oppressed by racism , every type of experience is different .
A Black person and a Native American person , for example , experience racism differently — as does a person from Mexico versus a person from Puerto Rico .
A gay man and a lesbian have quite different experiences .
At the same time , personal experience is quite separate from the realm of politics , which involves strategies to affect society as a whole .
Personal identity only becomes political when it moves beyond the realm of life experience and becomes a strategy for fighting against oppression .
Every set of politics is based upon a theory — in this case , an analysis of the root causes of oppression .
So the analysis of oppression informs the politics of social movements against oppression .
There are clear differences in strategy between Marxism and the theory of identity politics , which will be examined below .
It is first necessary , however , to make clear which facts are not in dispute .
Both theories are in agreement that all oppression is based on genuine inequality .
Men and women are not treated as equals in society .
Whites and African Americans are not treated at all equally .
Oppression is not a matter of perception , but of concrete , material reality .
Nor is there any doubt that struggles against oppression should be led by the oppressed themselves — women themselves can and will lead the struggle for women ’s liberation .
This has always been the case historically , from the struggle for women ’s suffrage to the fight for abortion rights .
The same dynamic is true of the struggle for Black liberation .
Former slaves and other African Americans led the battle for Reconstruction aimed at transforming Southern plantation society in the decades following the Civil War .
African Americans led the mass civil rights movement that finally struck down Southern segregation in the 1950s and 1960s .
During the late 1960s , the powerful civil rights movement inspired the rise of movements for women ’s and gay liberation , while the struggle for Black Power emerged from the civil rights movement itself .
All of these new movements were , in turn , inspired by the armed struggle of the North Vietnamese resistance against the forces of U.S. imperialism .
The Gay Liberation Front ( GLF ) chose its name as a formal identification with the National Liberation Front ( NLF ) — the Vietnamese resistance .
But it is also the case that women and African Americans were not alone in fighting against their oppression — thousands of men took part in the women ’s movement in the 1960s , and many thousands of whites actively supported the civil rights movement .
The gay liberation movement was the first of its kind — erupting in the Stonewall Rebellion in 1969 , when New York City police raided a gay bar and touched off a riot among gays that lasted for three days .
Although the gay movement won little support in its early stages , movement leaders soon convinced the Black Panther Party to formally endorse gay rights .
In 1970 , Black Panther leader Huey Newton announced his solidarity with the gay movement : “ homosexuals are not given freedom and liberty by anyone in this society .
Maybe they might be the most oppressed people in the society , ” 5 Who ’s the real enemy ?
As the experience of the 1960s shows , it is not necessary to personally experience a form of oppression to become committed to opposing it .
Yet the central premise of the theory of identity politics is based on precisely the opposite conclusion :
Only those who actually experience a particular form of oppression are capable of fighting against it .
Everyone else is considered to be part of the problem and cannot become part of the solution by joining the fight against oppression .
The underlying assumption is that all men benefit from women ’s oppression , all straight people benefit from the oppression of the LGBT 6 community , and all whites benefit from racism .
The flip side of this assumption , of course , is the idea that each group that faces a particular form of oppression — racism , sexism , or homophobia — is united in its interest in ending it .
The theory of identity politics locates the root of oppression not with a capitalist power structure but with a “ white male power structure . ”
The existence of a white male power structure seems like basic common sense since , with rare exceptions , white men hold the reigns of the biggest corporations and the highest government posts .
That is true , but it only tells half the story .
It would be highly inaccurate to assume that all oppressed people are powerless in U.S. society today .
Since the movements of the 1960s and 1970s , a significant number of women , gays , Blacks , and other racially oppressed minorities have managed to climb up the corporate and political ladder and become absorbed into various power structures .
These individuals have achieved a fair amount of power in their own right .
In the upcoming 2008 presidential election , the two Democratic Party frontrunners are a woman ( Hillary Rodham Clinton ) and an African American ( Barack Obama ) .
The speaker of the House of Representatives is a woman , Nancy Pelosi .
The U.S. secretary of state is a Black woman , Condoleezza Rice .
One of the most powerful politicians in Washington is openly gay Congressman Barney Frank .
Whose interests have these women , gays , and African Americans represented once they have achieved some power within the system ?
The answer is fairly plain to see — not necessarily by believing their rhetoric , but by judging their actions .
Rather than fighting against the racist , sexist , and homophobic policies of the system , they become part of enforcing them .
For example , when the city of San Francisco began handing out same - sex marriage licenses in 2005 , did openly gay Barney Frank embrace it as a step forward for civil rights ?
On the contrary , Frank called a press conference to attack gay marriage as “ divisive . ”
7 Has Senator Barack Obama rushed forward to defend the six Black youths victimized by racists in Jena , Louisiana ?
The candidate did not make an appearance at the historic civil rights protest in Jena on September 20 , 2007 .
8
Yet Obama has devoted ample time on his recent speaking circuit to exhort Black men to become better fathers , as he did in June 2005 addressing Black worshippers at Chicago ’s Christ Universal Temple : “ There are a lot of folks , a lot of brothers , walking around , and they look like men ... they might even have sired a child ....
But it ’s not clear to me that they ’re full - grown men . ”
9
If a white politician had delivered a similar lecture , it would have immediately — and accurately — been denounced as utterly racist .
Nor does Condoleezza Rice hesitate to perform her duty as she wanders the globe in her role as U.S. imperialism ’s key international enforcer — traveling to the Middle East , for example , to enforce Israel ’s racist apartheid policies against its occupied Palestinian population .
Iranian people will be no better off if and when the U.S. decides to bomb them if Clinton or Obama occupy the White House than Iraqi people were when the Bush administration decided to invade their country .
What all of these examples show is that there is no such thing as a common , fundamental interest shared by all people who face the same form of oppression .
Oppression is n’t caused by the race , gender , or sexuality of particular individuals who run the system , but is generated by the very system itself — no matter who ’s running it .
It goes without saying that we must confront incidents of sexism , racism , and homophobia whenever they occur .
But that alone is not going to change the racist , sexist , and homophobic character that dominates the entire system .
Class inequality and oppression
The entire element of social class is missing from the theory of identity politics .
The same analysis that assumes Barack Obama shares a fundamental interest with all African Americans in ending racism also places all straight white men in the enemy camp , whatever their social class .
Yet , the class divide has rarely been more obvious than in the United States today , where income and class inequality is higher than at any time since 1929 , immediately before the onset of the Great Depression .
10
It is plain to see that the rich obtain their enormous wealth at the expense of those who work for them to produce their profits , a process known as exploitation in Marxist parlance .
Class inequality is not a side issue , but rather the main byproduct of exploitation , the driving force of the capitalist system .
Class inequality is currently worsening by the minute , as the economy edges its way toward a deep recession .
Yet the theory of identity politics barely acknowledges the importance of class inequality , which is usually reduced to a label known as “ classism ” — a problem of snobbery , or personal attitude .
This , again , should be confronted when it occurs , but such confrontations do not change the system that relies upon class exploitation .
In contrast to the inconsistencies and contradictions of identity politics , a class analysis bases itself on materialism — a concrete and objective measure of systemic benefits derived from racism , sexism , and homophobia .
In short , the ruling class has an objective interest in upholding the capitalist system , which is based upon both oppression and exploitation , while the working class has an objective interest in overthrowing it .
For the special oppression of women , Blacks , Latinos , other racially oppressed populations , and the LGBT community actually serves to increase the level of exploitation and oppression of the working class as a whole .
The ruling class has always relied upon a “ divide and conquer ” strategy to maintain its rule , aimed at keeping all the exploited and oppressed fighting against each other instead of uniting and fighting against their real enemy .
At the most basic material level , no one group of workers ever benefits from particular forms of oppression .
The historic role of racism in the U.S. provides perhaps the clearest example .
The prevailing view is that if Black workers get a smaller piece of the pie , then white workers get a bigger piece of it .
In fact , the opposite is true .
In the South , where racism and segregation have traditionally been the strongest , white workers have historically earned lower wages than Black workers in the North .
11 The same dynamic holds true for men and women workers .
When lower paid women workers enter an occupation , such as clerical work , in large numbers the wages in that occupation tend to fall .
The dynamic is straightforward :
Whenever capitalists can force a higher paid group of workers to compete with a lower paid group , wages tend to drop .
The same dynamic also holds for the global capitalist system .
When U.S. capitalists force their workers into competition with workers in the poorest countries , U.S. workers ’ wages do not rise ; they fall .
And that is precisely why U.S. workers ’ wages have been falling in recent years .
The only beneficiaries are capitalists , who earn bigger profits , while ensuring the survival of the rule of the profit system .
It is also important to recognize that all working - class people suffer from some forms of oppression .
Workers pay much higher proportions of their incomes in taxes than rich people and have far less leisure time ; working - class schools are underfunded and overcrowded , poorer neighborhoods are more run-down , and the streets have more potholes .
Perhaps most significantly , prevailing ideology regards workers as generally too stupid to run society — assuming this is better left to the “ experts , ” dooming the vast majority of workers to a lifetime of alienated labor .
So oppression is something that even most white male workers suffer to some degree .
If one were to compare the self - confidence of the vast majority of white male workers to that of the arrogant Hillary Clinton or Condoleezza Rice , it would be clear that something more than personal politics is a determining factor in oppression .
The problem is systemic .
The point here is not at all to trivialize racism , sexism , or homophobia — but to understand that the entire working class faces oppression and has an objective interest in ending it .
To be sure , workers do n’t always realize this .
Male workers can behave in an utterly sexist manner ; white workers — male and female — can embrace racism ; and straight workers — Black , white , and Latino — can be completely homophobic .
But such behaviors are subjective — they vary from individual to individual and , unlike objective interests that remain the same , subjective factors change according to changing circumstances .
Most important among these is the Marxist concept of “ false consciousness . ”
The definition of false consciousness is straightforward : whenever workers accept ruling - class ideologies , including racism , sexism , and homophobia , they are acting against their own class interests — precisely because these ideas keep workers fighting against each other .
False consciousness is not unique to white , male workers .
One of the most obvious examples of false consciousness has occurred in recent years , as large numbers of African Americans oppose immigrant rights using many of the same xenophobic arguments as anti-immigrant racists .
Similarly , many Puerto Rican people exhibit prejudice against Mexican people ( which is racist ) .
Many women call each other “ sluts ” ( which is sexist ) .
These are all examples of false consciousness .
Whenever the levels of racism , sexism , and homophobia rise , the working class as a whole loses out .
Workers do not unite to fight back , and living standards drop .
Conversely , when workers move into struggle against the system in large numbers , false consciousness is challenged by the need for class unity , and class - consciousness rises — affecting mass consciousness as a whole .
This process was demonstrated at the highest point of class struggle in the 1930s and again at the height of the movements of the 1960s .
And it will be demonstrated again with the next rise in mass struggle .
As Marx argued in the Communist Manifesto , “ This organization of proletarians into a class , and consequently into a political party , is continually being upset again by the competition between the workers themselves .
But it ever rises up again , stronger , firmer , mightier . ”
12 Put differently , Marx distinguished between the working class “ in itself , ” which holds objective — but unrealized — revolutionary potential , and a working class “ for itself , ” which acts in its own class interests .
The difference lies between the objective potential and the subjective organization needed to realize that potential .
Politics in a void
But identity politics does not acknowledge the potential for mass consciousness to change .
For this reason , the theory of identity politics can only be accepted at the highest level of abstraction .
Ernesto LaClau and Chantal Mouffe , the originators of identity politics , do not seem the least bit concerned with any practical application of the theory laid out in their book , Hegemony and Socialist Strategy : Towards a Radical Democratic Politics .
LaClau and Mouffe emerged from the postmodern wing of academia that flourished in the 1980s , proposing a set of theories aiming to prove that society exists not as a unified and coherent social and economic system , but rather in a range of subjective relationships .
LaClau and Mouffe posit their theory as a step forward from Marxism .
In reality , their theory is not post - Marxist at all .
It is anti-Marxist .
These two academics set out to prove that Marx was wrong about the revolutionary potential of the working class — that is , its objective interest in and power to transform the system .
This antagonism to Marx makes sense , because if Marx is right — if the working class is capable of building a united movement against all forms of exploitation and oppression — then their theory goes out the window .
There are two key components to LaClau and Mouffe ’s theory , both of which become problematic the moment the theory is put into practice .
The first component is their definition of oppression .
In contrast to Marx — who defined oppression and exploitation as objective and therefore unchanging , but consciousness as subjective and therefore ever - changing — LaClau and Mouffe regard oppression itself as entirely subjective .
This is a fundamental , not semantic , difference .
Since oppression is an entirely subjective matter , according to LaClau and Mouffe , anyone who believes that they are oppressed is therefore oppressed .
At its worst , that would include a white male who feels he has been discriminated against when his application is turned down for a law school that practices affirmative action .
Conversely , even the most clear - cut instances of systematic brutality are not necessarily oppression .
LaClau and Mouffe argue that even serfdom and slavery do not necessarily represent relationships of oppression , unless the serfs or the slaves themselves “ articulate ” that oppression .
13 LaClau and Mouffe describe society as made up of a whole range of autonomous , free - floating antagonisms and oppressions , none more important than any other — each is a separate sphere of “ struggle . ”
14 But this concept falls apart once it is removed from the world of abstraction and applied to the real world .
Separate struggles do not neatly correspond to separate forms of oppression .
Forms of oppressions overlap , so that many people are both Black and female , or both lesbian and Latino .
If every struggle must be fought separately , this can only lead to greater and greater fragmentation and eventually to disintegration , even within groups organized around a single form of oppression .
A Black lesbian , for example , faces an obvious dilemma :
If all men are enemies of women , all whites are enemies of Blacks , and all straights are enemies of gays , then allies must be precious few .
In the real world , choices have to be made .
If LaClau and Mouffe are correct , and the main divisions in society exist between those who face a particular form of oppression and those who do n’t , then the likelihood of ever actually ending oppression is just about nil .
At its heart , the politics of identity is extremely pessimistic , implying not just a rejection of the potential to build a broad united movement against all forms of exploitation and oppression , but also a very deep pessimism about the possibility for building solidarity even among people who face different forms of oppression .
The only organizational strategy identity politics offers is for different groups of oppressed people to each fight their own separate battles against their own separate enemies .
The second key problem with LaClau and Mouffe flows from the concept of autonomy that is so central to their theory .
Most importantly from a theoretical standpoint , Laclau and Mouffe go to great lengths to refute the Marxist analysis of the state , or the government .
Marxist theory is based upon an understanding that the government is not a neutral body , but serves to represent the interests of the class in power — which in the case of capitalism is the capitalist class .
This should not be too hard to imagine in the era of George W. Bush , when the capitalist class has brazenly flaunted its wealth and power .
But Laclau and Mouffe insist that the state is neutral and autonomous .
Even the different branches of government are autonomous from each other .
Apparently , the Senate and the House of Representatives have no real relationship , and the White House is similarly autonomous .
If that is the case , then the stranglehold of neoconservatives and the Christian Right over U.S. politics since 9/11 must have been a figment of liberals ’ imaginations .
Thus , there is a serious flaw in this logic .
Oppression is built into the capitalist system itself , and the state is one of the key ways in which oppression is enforced — through laws that discriminate and the police who serve and protect some people while harassing and brutalizing other groups of people .
But the theory of autonomy leads to another theoretical problem as well : every separate struggle warrants equal importance , no matter how many people are involved on either side , and whether or not demands are being made against the state or other institutions .
Indeed , LaClau and Mouffe carry this logic a critical step further , noting that “ struggle ” need not involve more than one person .
It can simply denote a matter of achieving “ increasingly affirmed individualism . ”
15 The personal struggle in this process substitutes for political struggle , leaving the system that maintains and enforces oppression intact .
Like LaClau and Mouffe , theorists who advocate the most extreme forms of identity politics do not actually aim to build a movement , large or small .
They prefer small groups of the enlightened few , who remain content in their superiority to the “ ignorant masses . ”
Marxism offers a way forward for those interested in ending oppression in the real world .
As Marx remarked of his generation of smug academics , “ The philosophers have hitherto only interpreted the world in various ways .
The point , however , is to change it . ”
16 Marxism and oppression
The caricature that often passes for a critique of Marxism today assumes that a united working - class movement of all the oppressed and exploited requires subordinating the fight against oppression to the fight against exploitation .
But this caricature has been proven wrong historically .
Both exploitation and oppression are rooted in capitalism .
Exploitation is the method by which the ruling class robs workers of the wealth they produce ; various forms of oppression play a primary role in maintaining the rule of a tiny minority over the vast majority .
In each case , the enemy is one and the same .
As the Russian revolutionary V.I. Lenin , put it , the Marxist vision of revolution is a “ festival of the oppressed and exploited . ”
But he also added : “ Working class consciousness cannot be genuine political consciousness unless the workers are trained to respond to all cases of tyranny , oppression , violence , and abuse , no matter what class is affected . ”
17 The argument here is straightforward :
The lessons of building a united movement against capitalism train workers to act in solidarity with all those who are oppressed and exploited by capitalism .
The battle for class - consciousness is a battle over ideas , but it is one that must be fought out in the context of struggle , not the musings of self - important academics .
Sharon Smith is author of Subterranean Fire : A History of Working Class Radicalism in the United States ( Haymarket Books , 2006 ) and “ Mistaken Identity : or can identity politics liberate the oppressed ? ” .
She has a biweekly column in Socialist Worker that also appears on Counterpunch .
1 See Howard Witt , “ Louisiana teen guilty in school beating case , ” Chicago Tribune , June 29 , 2007 .
2 See , for example , Judy Keen , “ Calls to get tough on illegals grow ; Residents far from border seek controls , ” USA Today , April 19 , 2006 .
3 Barbara Ehrenreich , “ It ’s Islamo - Fascism Awareness Week ! ” Thenation.com , October 22 , 2007 , http://www.thenation.com/doc/20071105/ehrenreich.
4 Brendan Bernhard , “ Preaching a gospel of hate , ” New York Sun , December 4 , 2007 .
5 Quoted in Barry D. Adams , The Rise of a Gay and Lesbian Movement ( Boston : Twayne , 1987 ) , 80 .
6 Lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender .
7 “ Rep . Frank opposes gay marriage effort , ” CNN.com , February 19 , 2004 .
8 “ Jesse Jackson : Obama needs to bring more attention to Jena 6 , ” CNN.com , September 19 , 2007 .
9 Liam Ford , “ Obama ’s church sermon to black dads : Grow up , ” Chicago Tribune , June 20 , 2005 .
10 Aviva Aron-Dine , “ EW in in 2005 data show income concentration jumped again in 2005 : Income Share of Top 1 % At Highest Level Since 1929 , ” Center on Budget and Policiy Priorities , October 24 , 2007 .
Available online at http://www.cbpp.org/3-29-07inc.htm.
11 See Victor Perlo , Economics of Racism U.S.A. : The Roots of Black Inequality ( New York : International Publishers , 1975 ) , 168 .
12 Karl Marx and Frederick Engels , The Communist Manifesto ( New York : International Publishers , 1948 ) , 18 .
13 Ernesto Laclau and Chantal Mouffe , Hegemony and Socialist Strategy : Towards a Radical Democratic Politics ( London : Verso Press , 1985 ) , 153–54 .
14 Ibid. , 178 .
15 Ibid. , 164 .
16 Karl Marx , “ Theses on Feuerbach , ” Marx / Engels Selected Works , Volume One , ( Moscow : Progress Publishers , 1969 ) 13 – 15 , http://www.marxists.org/archive/marx/works/1845/theses/theses.htm.
17 V.I. Lenin , Collected Works , Volume 5 ( Moscow : International Publishers , 1961 ) , 412 .
With the passing of Telecoms immunity this week , despite thousands of citizens calling , writing and faxing to demand it not be passed , it has become painfully clear that Americans have lost any voice in their own government with the exception of their vote .
First the House then the Senate brushed aside citizen 's concerns for their Constitutional rights and voted to suppress our rights with yet another anti-constitutional bill .
Now waiting in the wings is yet another bill to invade our privacy by requiring that every credit card purchase we make MUST be reported to the federal government .
This is hidden in the foreclosure prevention bill by Senator 's Dodd and Charles Grassley and has no restrictions .
While there is some possibility enough negative response from American 's fed up with being spied upon might get this amendment taken out , I personally have lost faith in Congress and do n't feel they represent us any more .
I believe they are owned lock - stock - and - barrel by both President Bush and big business campaign donors .
You and I can't afford to buy them .
I have little more faith in the courts to protect us from these unconstitutional laws because Congress has found so many ways to write them as to make it nearly impossible to even take a challenge into the courts .
( Immunity / FISA for example )
Unfortunately federal judges including the Supreme Court Justices , are appointed for life .
The best we can hope for is a progressive president able to appoint more responsible people to these positions .
The likelihood of a progressive president being elected this fall is better than in the past but nothing is guaranteed in politics , partly due to uneducated voters who remain unaware that they are losing their rights on an almost daily basis .
The coming elections is much more than a presidential race .
Many member of Congress are up for election as well and this is one place the power of our votes can make a difference .
We need to unite to protect our own freedom before it is too late ... sold out to criminals in the white house and to big business who want our money but not our participation in government .
We MUST do two things now !
( 1 ) elicit from those running for election against incumbent members of Congress , a pledge to undo the damage done over the past 8 years by a white house and a Congress who abandon and betrayed us by throwing away their oath of office .
and ( 2 ) work to vote existing members of Congress out of office without regard to party affiliations .
We can't vote party line because both parties are guilty of the same crime of trashing out Bill of Rights .
Even Democrats have betrayed our rights by caving into the Bush administration 's bully tactics and illegal programs .
They no longer deserve their seats in office .
They have proven they are loyal to their constituents and will not change if re-elected .
We MUST pass the word .
Re Elect No One .
If you do , you will only be asking for more of the same until eventually they have legislated away any trace of what it used to mean to be America .
Christina
Pond says she 's saving money by making her own detergent ( as seen in this picture ) , growing her own herbs and shopping at a local feed store for farm eggs .
Jean Heis ' family has significantly cut down on eating out .
Some moms are using coupons and other discounts to stockpile food items like cereals .
Breakfast cereal prices have jumped 4.8 % over the past 12 months .
Photos America 's Money :
In their own words View photos Everyday folks tell their stories about hard economic times .
Check back frequently for new stories .
Quick Vote I am most concerned about the cost of �
Gas
Food
Housing
Health care or View results
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
As American families face the double whammy of higher gas and food prices , moms nationwide are resorting to considerable ingenuity to stretch their monthly grocery budget .
For instance , Christina Pond of Arlington , Texas , makes her own detergent .
Pond , 26 , a stay - at - home mom with an almost 8 - month old daughter , does four loads of laundry every other day .
" Detergent is very expensive , so I make my own , " she said .
She grates natural soap , boils it , adds Borax , baking soda and essential oils , and lets it cool overnight .
" I make five gallons at a time , " she said .
Her husband is a bartender , and the rising cost of living is making it difficult to make ends meet .
" I am constantly trying to find ways to cut corners , " she said .
To that end , Pond has planted her own herb garden .
She buys eggs at the local feed store and pays $ 4.50 for 20 eggs .
She purees vegetables and fruits into home - made baby food .
As a result , she 's been able to bring down her monthly grocery bill to under $ 200 .
Shaving money off the grocery bill
Linda Murray , editor - in - chief of BabyCenter.com , an online community for moms with more than 4 million subscribers , said thousands of mothers - including those mentioned in this story - have expressed their concerns about gas and food prices through the Web site 's message board .
While there 's been an " uptick " in those discussions , Murray said she 's come across plenty of resourceful ideas from moms as well .
Many more moms are cooking at home , growing their own vegetables , breastfeeding instead of buying expensive formula , using leftovers to stretch the week 's meals , and even hoarding discounted products .
" Most families are spending $ 500 a month on groceries , " Murray said .
" That 's a mortgage payment for many of them . "
Moms who are n't as inclined to tap their inner Martha Stewart are cutting costs by trading down to generic products from pricier name brand and organic foods and beverages .
While supermarkets are rushing to introduce more organic products , some moms are forgoing those " green " purchases because they typically also cost more .
Amanda Richardson of Richmond , Va. , is doing just that .
Organic milk , which tends to be pricier , has given way to " just plain old store milk , " she said .
Still , store milk prices are up more than 13 % over the past year amid the worst food price inflation in 17 years .
Richardson said she 's using coupons more frequently , and shopping for cheaper generic store brands for coffee and other items .
Richardson , who 's in her late 30s , works in cancer research .
Her husband is a self - employed carpenter who 's struggling to find new business .
" We 're a typical middle - income family , " she said .
" If we did not carry foolish debt , we would be OK .
But with our debt burden , combined with paying for two children in day care , there is nothing left over at the end of the month . "
For cost - saving reasons , Richardson has added less - expensive rice - and - beans to the family 's weekly menu , and has all but eliminated red meat .
Beyond these cutbacks , if money still is especially tight , Richardson skips on purchases for herself such as skim milk and her favorite cereal .
" Being a mother , you want to cut back on things for yourself first before you cut back for the family , " said Richardson .
After these adjustments , Richardson has brought down her grocery expenses to about $ 200 every two weeks .
Generic brands vs. name brands ?
Like Richardson , Hannah Christopher has also traded down to store brands , albeit with some initial uneasiness .
Christopher , 33 , is a third - grade teacher who lives in Hoosick Falls , N.Y. , with her three children and her husband , who 's also a teacher .
Last October , she started shopping at the discount food store Aldi .
" We were nervous at first because everything was really cheap , " Christopher said .
" We thought how can anything here be good ? "
She took a chance and " the food is fine . "
Christopher is now buying staples such as milk , bread , cereal and juice at Aldi .
" Sometimes it 's a hit or miss because you may not find the same product the next time you go , but it 's worth the trip , " she said .
There are things Christopher wo n't skimp on , such as bottled water and baby formula .
Still , switching to a discount food store has helped her shave between $ 200 to $ 300 from her monthly $ 500 grocery bill .
Chicago resident Jean Heis , 35 , a married working mom of two small kids , has switched to discounter Food 4 Less to bring down her food expenses .
" Six months ago , I was shopping for my groceries online , " said Heis , who works for a non -profit while her husband is in law enforcement .
" Now I am at the end of a conveyor belt bagging my own food . "
" In February , we were spending about $ 280 for groceries . "
Heis said " Now it 's less than $ 200 a month . "
What 's more , the family has significantly cut down on eating out to once every two weeks from three nights a week .
" Why pay $ 22 for pizza when you can make it at home for under $ 10 , " Heis said .
For Amanda Richardson , the food price squeeze has taught her one more important lesson .
" Before we were incredibly wasteful .
We 'd let food go bad .
I am more conscientious now , " she said .
" If prices go back down , I wo n't return to my wasteful ways . "
Issue # 1 - America's
Money :
All this week at noon ET , CNN explains how the weakening economy affects you .
Full coverage .
How is the economy affecting your everyday life ?
Tell us about how your money situation has changed - or stayed the same - in the last few months .
What 's your biggest economic worry ?
Send us your photos and videos , or email us and share your story .
blastedon her Myspace blog fornot living up to his responsibilities as a father to their year old son Asa .
Henderson , 27 , originally admitted the child is his , however , he is now denying the accuracy of a paternity test taken 10 months ago .
The actor , who previously dated Paris Hilton and Ashlee Simpson , recently starred on " Desperate Housewives " as Austin McCann .
Sheppard , 28 , was featured on MTV's eleventh season of " Road Rules " and later on MTV's " The Inferno . "
“ father ’s day and my baby ’s daddy …
with my son ’s first birthday on the same day as father ’s day , i ca n’t help but have mixed feelings .
i am so excited to celebrate the day my very favorite boy was born !
but .. a feeling of anger and rage sweeps my body when i think of little asa ’s biological dead beat dad .
josh had made it clear from the beginning that he wanted nothing to do with his son .
however , i was convinced that he was a better person than that .
it ’s been a year of me trying to get him interested in one way or another - i even felt like we made a little progress around february when he actually returned a phone call - maybe even two .
that was all i needed to know that i had been doing the right thing by not hiring lawyers or acting out of emotion .
i thought we could have a peaceful coexsistance and that someday , my son would would be able to ( at least ) call his “ father ” if he simply wanted to talk .
so foolish am i..
after months of delay , i realized that quite possibly , everyone was right about josh ; that he really did n’t care .
recently , through the grapevine , i’ve heard that josh is saying that the DNA test we took about 10 months ago was inconclusive .
even though i have a DNA test that came back negative from our preferred potetntial father , and josh ’s test came back with a very different result , josh is still saying that the child is n’t his .
i guess he needs more than a 99 % to be convinced .
maybe he has a twin with with idedntical DNA that he believes me to have slept with .
even though josh admitted to being the father of asa , he is now changing his story .
i’m assuming it has something to do with his lawyers .
it ’s funny how lawyers are ..
i wonder if they really think about the effects of their actions .
if they are in support of a client not paying child support and using their knowledge that ultimately reflects the life of a little boy , then i am disgusted .
josh has not returned any emails or calls since april when he said he ’d call me when his “ lawyers got back in town ” .
Nya båtar , segelbåtar och motorbåtar
Funderar ni på att köpa en ny båt ?
Att hitta rätt bland mängden av båtar kan vara ett både givande och krävande projekt .
Vi har gjort det lättare för er och samlat allt på ett och samma ställe .
Oavsett om ni letar bland segelbåtar eller motorbåtar så hoppas vi att ni skall hitta det ni söker på Båtportalen , Sveriges nya Båtmässa på nätet med nya båtar från alla ledande båttillverkare .
Årets Segelbåtar 2016
Det har i år lanserats många nya fina segelbåtar på den svenska marknaden ...
Läs mer
BÅTARTIKLAR
Tankar i båttider ...
Ska båtköpet vara ett projekt / objekt eller ren avkoppling och nöje ?...
Läs mer Vinterförvaring
När sommarens nöjen och njutningar är över kräver din båt ett visst m...
Läs mer Små smarta båtar
Sommaren är en härlig tid för de flesta och båt är något som ofta st ...
Läs mer
Båtar , båtartiklar , inspiration och tankar på vägen till ditt nya båtliv .
Artiklarna om motorbåtar , segelbåtar och sjöliv i allmänhet är eget material och det är du som bestämmer vad som faller dig mest " på läppen " .
Custom Device Adapters
Looking to use Novas with medical devices other than tablets ?
We are happy to discuss your needs and develop effective solutions .
Barack Obama 's counter - offer to do two joint forums on top of the three sanctioned debates is far short of what the McCain camp wants .
Team McCain recognizes that their preferred 10 wo n't come to fruition but think Obama 's counter is something of an insult .
And they have a counter to the counter :
“ Barack Obama requires more preconditions to meet with voters and John McCain than he does Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , " said McCain spokesman Tucker Bounds .
comments closed
permalink
Totally Gay Happy Meals /
It is the end of the nutball Christian right .
Here is your proof .
To go
Hey , remember the angry evangelicals ?
The quivering clan of militant Christoholics who propelled Bush into office and seized the national narrative for a few terrifying moments about five years back , ran deep into the woods with it and rubbed it all over their naughty bits in a frenzy of fear and confusion and lust for all things homophobic and saccharine and spiritually denigrating ?
Dying .
Nearly dead .
Gasping their last .
Very soon to be a footnote , a caricature , a gag , a punch line , blasted to the dustbin of history like dried housefly limbs after a sneeze .
You should know this now .
Yes , you are right ; they already were a caricature , a cultural pothole , a nasty rash in the armpit of society .
But it was n't all that long ago that they were , through a bizarre series of sociopolitical machinations still being parsed by baffled historians , a powerful rash , hugely newsworthy , as dangerous and unstoppable as they were wrongheaded and sad .
Remember ?
You were not much younger than you are right now .
As the Bush era crested , as the neocons ' power reached nuclear levels , when female nipples and f- words and evil gay agendas ruled the news , the evangelical Right -- led by the most virulent , spittle - flecked gaggle of mental throwbacks to ever stain the American newswires , Focus on the Family ( Dr. James Dobson 's clan ) and the American Family Association and its nefarious leader , the Rev. Donald Wildmon -- these groups controlled , for a brief , awful moment , the national dialogue .
They were the temporary arbiters of taste , the warped conscience of a freaked - out culture .
And lo , it was ugly .
Rejoice , wo n't you ?
For their time is over .
Did you know the AFA recently boycotted McDonald's ?
That 's right , this once semi-powerful tub of right - wing brain - caulk recently declared a comestible fatwa against America 's foremost purveyor of toxic foodstuffs because , apparently , some high - ranking McD 's VP just joined the board of directors of the National Gay and Lesbian Chamber of Commerce , which , to the AFA , somehow translates directly into free pink condoms and mind - controlling rainbow flags in every toxic God-fearing Happy Meal .
Did you read about that ?
No ?
Of course you did n't .
Here is why : No one cared .
Well , that 's not quite true .
McDonald 's sort of cared , just enough to write up a nice letter of response to Wildmon stating , in essence , that the AFA is a bunch of troglodytic knuckle - draggers with the sociosexual awareness of a fungal spore , and they should crawl away right now before God spanks them even harder with the 2x4 of total irrelevance .
I might be exaggerating .
What they actually said was :
Thank you , AFA , for your hateful consideration , but we support our employees ' right to join whichever socially responsible and positive groups they like .
And thusly did McD 's flick the AFA away like a tick from a dog .
Is n't that amazing ?
Now , you may argue that McDonald 's and the other megacorps that the AFA has tried to boycott in the past , including Wal - Mart ( for selling " Brokeback Mountain " DVDs to unsuspecting toddlers ) , the Disney Corporation ( for its overall corporate support of the evil gay agenda ) and the Ford Motor Company ( for advertising in gay magazines ) , are n't shrugging off Wildmon 's wide - eyed cult out of the goodness of their gay - loving hearts .
It 's not like the majority of McD 's honchos actually give a damn about gay rights , or gay marriage , or social justice , or the deeper aspects of love .
Nossir , they do so purely for economic reasons , because it 's just good PR , because they are safe in the knowledge that the AFA 's rantings have exactly zero effect on their bottom line and lots of their own employees are gay -- and by the way discrimination based on sexual orientation is thoroughly illegal -- and therefore it simply makes more business sense to support tolerance than it does to endorse homophobia and general spiritual stupidity .
Is n't that right , Boy Scouts of America ?
You bet it is .
But wait just a second :
Is it still not fascinating in this day and age that our most powerful capitalist companies , those most associated with mainstream , dumbed - down , unhealthy , rather uninformed Republican Americana , even these megacorps are now openly and rather shamelessly supporting gay rights and tolerance ?
Is it not , concomitantly , interesting that no one at all cares a whit for what the hell the AFA has to say anymore ?
Is this not a sign of something interesting and sea-changing and good ?
I think it is .
McD's , Wal - Mart , Ford and Disney utterly ignore the Christian Right ?
What 's next , an articulate black intellectual president ?
Oh wait .
It is made all the more amusing , more comical and cute , by another recent tidbit , the final evidence you will need that the evangelical Right has returned to its original state of inbred silliness , and therefore it is very likely indeed that you will never have to read anything more about them ever again until Wildmon and Dobson join Jerry Falwell and Jesse Helms in the Great Gay Bath House in the sky .
It is this : The AFA 's Web site apparently has ( or rather , had , until just recently ) an auto - filter installed .
So utterly terrified of anything remotely gay are these kindly folk that whenever the word " gay " appeared in any news story on their site , their autobot automatically changed it to " homosexual . "
True .
Thus did it come to pass that many fine stories about American Olympic track and fieldster Tyson Gay become a whole lotta wacky stories about the epic struggles of some unlucky runner named " Tyson Homosexual " to post some good numbers in the 100 - meter dash .
Poor guy .
And that about does it .
Your final proof that God laughs and snorts and does n't give a flying McRib sandwich about any particular gaggle of humans , particularly those who profess that they know and love and worship him more violently and blindly than anyone else .
Somewhere in all this , a moral , a lesson .
Perhaps a curious anecdote about how , in this country , it seems like every agenda , every stupid idea , every rancid fireball of ignorant religious fanaticism nevertheless gets its moment , its 15 minutes , its desperate shot at guiding the culture , just to see if it can , if there 's something of value , if there 's something to be learned .
And when it comes to the sad Christian nutballs , well , the lesson appears to be wildly obvious indeed : Avoid the sad Christian nutballs , now and forevermore .
Hell , even God could 've told you that .
Mark Morford 's latest book is ' The Daring Spectacle : Adventures in Deviant Journalism ' .
Join Mark on Facebook and Twitter , or email him .
His website is markmorford.com .
For his yoga classes , workshops and retreats , click markmorfordyoga.com .
Mark 's column appears every Wednesday on SFGate , and is frequently cross-posted to Huffington Post .
To join the notification list for this column , click here and remove one article of clothing .
To get on Mark 's personal mailing list , click here and remove three more .
This column also has an RSS feed and a very handy archive page .
Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton will endorse Senator Barack Obama on Saturday , bringing a close to her 17 - month campaign for the White House , aides said .
Her decision came after Democrats urged her on Wednesday to leave the race and allow the party to coalesce around Mr. Obama .
Howard Wolfson , one of Mrs. Clinton ’s chief strategists , and other aides said she would express support for Mr. Obama and party unity at an event in Washington that day .
One adviser said that Mrs. Clinton would concede defeat , congratulate Mr. Obama and proclaim him the party ’s nominee , while pledging to do what was needed to assure his victory .
Her decision came after a day of conversations with supporters on Capitol Hill about her future now that Mr. Obama had clinched the nomination .
Mrs. Clinton had , in a speech after Tuesday night ’s primaries , suggested that she wanted to wait before deciding about her future , but in conversations throughout the day on Wednesday , her aides said , she was urged to step aside .
“ We pledged to support her to the end , ” said Representative Charles B. Rangel , a New York Democrat who has been a patron of Mrs. Clinton since she first ran for the Senate .
“ Our problem is not being able to determine when the hell the end is . ”
The following is a rewrite of a short piece that I was asked to present for the June 2007 Vancouver Truth Conference .
It was to be included in my presentation named :
" ITS THE CIVILIANS STUPID : An Air Traffic Controller 's View of the ' Institutional Stand Down of NORAD Interceptors on 9/11/2001 ' .
But , due to time restraints I was not able to include it at that time .
Some background :
Most of us have heard Dr. Bob Bowman when he made the point that had the governement done nothing , the airliners would have been intercepted , the buildings would not have been struck , and thousands of people would stll be alive .
In Bob 's statement he points out that existing NORAD scramble protocol " preferences " that were in place BEFORE the subtle " reference and reorganizational " change made in the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Instruction CJCSI 3610.01A organizational made in June , 2001 , would have served to have the airliners intercepted and shot down BEFORE they reached their targets .
Dr. Bowman makes this point because he is fully aware about scramble protocols from the pilot 's point of view , and I fully agree with him , but from an air traffic controller 's point of view .
In fact , I have worked with the Military in writing air traffic control procedures , have worked one " hijacking " personally , assisted with another , and have scrambled military assets to " intercept " an aircraft suffering an IN FLIGHT EMERGENCY in which we worked the lost aircraft to a safe landing in bad weather .
For this I , along with the entire team of FAA and Military personnel involved , received a commondation .
The only exception that I am compelled to hold open is the flight of AA77 .
AA77 was the only airliner lost to positive radar contact , and it was never positively re-identified by anyone , anywhere , at anytime afterwards .
At the moment , the HI PERPS are attempting to prove that it WAS AA77 using the physical evidence at the Pentagon .
Evidence which is in deep question and thusly , does NOT serve as proof positive .
From this fact , from other evidence regarding the study of RADES radar data , from some analysis of the " alleged " FDR from AA77 , from many eyewitnesses , and from testimony leading to the conclusion that there was a separate radar system tracking AA77 from a great distance out of WDC , it is possible that AA77 was the " False - Flag - Flight " ... aka ... a modernized " Operation Northwoods " style operation .
Operation Northwoods calls for the " swapping " of aircraft , and it is possible that there could have been a swap made after AA77 was lost to radar contact while at low altitudes within the valleys of the Appalachian Mountains west of Dulles .
AA77 was detected initiating a descent in its left turn just before being lost to positive radar contact .
All other primary targets on display , or " discovered " , or presumed as being AA77 , have not been proven to be such as of this writing .
Consequently , I will agree with Dr. Bowman that three of the four airliners would have been shot down .
I must hold open the story about AA77 because of the substantial evidence that the American Airlines B757 operating as AA77 , did not hit the Pentagon .
In any event , I find complete harmony with Dr. Bowman in his understandings about NORAD interceptor scramble protocols .
So , we have a highly decorated military pilot of an interceptor who actually has flown such intercept missions , and an experienced air traffic controller who has called for , and performed , the ATC side of such scrambles and intercepts , BOTH in solid agreement about NORAD 's " stand down " on 9/11/2001 .
This makes a strong position on the subject because neither of us have anything to hide , nor do we have anything to lie about .
This puts us in a vastly diffrent position from the United States Military under Donald Rumsfeld and General Meyers .
An important fact ... the FAA serves as the " first responder " or " initiator " of scrambles that are required ... for aircraft suffering IN FLIGHT EMERGENCIES ... for aircraft violating critical airspaces ... for aircraft that do not follow certain procedures ... or for aircraft being hijacked IF the FAA air traffic controllers are the first ones to conclude that there is a hijacking underway .
As we have always known , under normal protocols , scrambles for intercepting hijackings require Pentagon approval before launch unless the situation is determined to be very critical , and then the launch can be considered an IN FLIGHT EMERGENCY and made without such approvals .
Should there be a need for NORAD to launch interceptors strictly for a National Air Defense reasons , then NORAD tells the FAA that they are launching , and the FAA has standard operating procedures for this and the FAA clears the required airspace for that scramble activity .
The FAA is a full partner in the National Air Defense System .
As a reminder , each of the airliners on 9/11 showed uncontestable signs of aircraft suffereing IN FLIGHT EMERGENCIES well before there were any indications of any hijackings [ ? ] .
For many decades prior to June , 2001 , responding to AN IN FLIGHT EMERGENCY would have called for an immediate scramble to assist the aircraft from the nearest " hot base " in hopes of helping or saving the aircraft under duress .
In addition to both public and my own " insider evidence " that the controllers at Boston Center indeed were taking such IN FLIGHT EMERGENCY steps early on in the attacks , actually , some 15 - 20 minutes later , it is admitted in the NORAD tapes that , in fact , the Boston Center made a DIRECT request to NEADS for assistance and asked directly for some interceptors to be launched to help out the situation .
This direct request was not acted upon by NEADS , and this is another point that the US Military has had to cover up .
Finally , here is my smoking gun regarding the " effects " of the CJCSI change made in June , 2001 .
During the summertime , usually the busiest aviation time of the year , there were NO REPORTED SCRAMBLES from June 2001 , [ after the CJCSI change was put in place ] , until the morning of 9/11/2001 .
If the CJCSI change made in June had NOT made any difference in operational protocol use " priorities " , then there should have been approximately 45 scrambles during this time period .
It is fair to say that this frequency had been the summertime monthly average for the preceeding ten years where approximately 1500 scrambles had occurred .
[ Note : estimated scrambles ... 3 months @ 15 scrambles per month = 45 ...]
In conclusion , that there are reports of 67 scrambles happening for the year up until June , 2001 , and then there were NO scrambles reported after June , serves as my personal smoking gun !
Its my position that after June , all such requests for scrambles were dealt with by seeking Pentagon approval as the CJCSI " reorganizing " suggests .
I further suggest that before the " delayed style " scramble releases were granted after June , 2001 , the original " need " for the scramble had dissipated .
I do remember that Rummy wanted to " save " some money and pare down ?
the military as he took office , and the hard truth is that very few such scrambles actually result in intercepts .
Usually , the events calling for the scrambles in the first place , do come to a safe or secure end .
The Pentagon is not releasing any information about any of this , and cannot do so without being exposed .
If there HAD been requests for intercepts after June , scramble requests that got bogged down in the " new scramble protocol priority " the hijacking style , the Pentagon would be found guilty of deliberately changing the scramble protocols to allow the 9/11 attacks to happen .
[ Which is my position . ]
And if they DID have 45 scramble requests , and indeed had records of them , these records would then show that they either , were incompetent at executing these new communications links and that the new " red tape " was a factor in the slow responses to the 9/11 attacks , or , that they deliberately failed to respond thinking that the " need " for scrambles would simply go away before the interceptors got airbourne .
In either event , this June change to the CJCSI will have had the end result of creating an " Instiutuional Stand Down " of NORAD because the emphasis became NOT TO SCRAMBLE .
And thusly , they would be found guilty of standing down NORAD before 9/11 either way .
A fact : Interceptor pilots and the military LOVED to scramble on ANYTHING because it was the very best " real world " training they could get next to an actual attack .
And pilots got critical , and very enjoyable , flight time .
This is why the Otis pilots were " straining at the bits " to get off the ground ... they wanted some action and knew how to do it ... PRECISELY ... but were held back by the hijacking protocol .
Penatgon approvals NEVER came for the Otis birds .
Prior to June , 2001 , and after September 11 , 2001 such " hold backs " simply did n't happen .
There had been no reported scrambles for hijacks in the previous ten years , and therefore , ALL of the 1500 scrambles during the previous ten years had to have been the " high speed " type ... the type which do NOT require Pentagon approvals .
Even a quick look through FAA 's Special Military Operations Order 7610.4 , [ the very SUBJECT of the June reorganization in the CJCSI order modification in the first place ... ] , will go along way in understanding that the hijacking scenario DID NOT have handling priorities except during take - off , and at that , only when requested .
This explains why the Otis interceptors took off six minutes after being released ... even though the pilots and aircraft were ready and able .
Reading through 7610.4 also catches Bronner , Vanity Fair and some statements by the military in yet another blatant lie .
David Ray Griffin debunks this in his writings , but here you can read it for yourself .
There were statements that the interceptors were not released because the military did not have exact coordinates or locations of the suspect aircraft .
Yet , paragraph 7610.4 7 - 2- 1. Facility Notification , makes the point that the FAA facility in charge would file a flight plan with the " remommended flight plan to intercept the hijacked aircraft " .
In " real world " terms , this means " gettum headed in the right direction ... NOW " , which both pilots and air traffic controllers fully understand .
And , as we all know regarding the Langley fighters , flying in the proper direction did not happen either .
ALL of this is all because everything was switched into : " hijack - hijack - hijack " instead of being looked at as " in flight emergency " activities .
And why do you think that there is a protocol for checking armament ?
Anyway , here is my piece :
[ please note that SOME of these steps and actions did happen ... but not enough of them ...]
WHAT SHOULD HAVE HAPPENED IN THE SKIES ON SEPTEMBER 11th , 2001 ...
Its now 08:14 AM ...
Once AA11 was considered a NORDO [ no radio ] the air traffic controller should have begun NORDO procedures which calls for attempting to contact he aircraft via various protocols and by usual means ...
Its now 08:18 AM ...
When AA11 was seen to be out of control and when the transponder was lost , the air traffic controller should have given first alert to his supervisor about the possibility of an IN FLIGHT EMERGENCY happening .
Losing radio contact , losing the transponder , and observing the aircraft heading way off course without a specific ATC clearance should have led the controller to believe that the aircraft INDEED , was suffering an IN FLIGHT EMERGENCY .
Most likely it would be a massive electrical failure ....
Its now 08:20 AM ...
After being unable to raise the aircraft on the radio , and still seeing it wanderring all over the sky , the air traffic controller should have then declared an IN FLIGHT EMERGENCY , and immediately told his supervisor about this declaration .
Air traffic controllers have the responsibility to declare an IN FLIGHT EMERGENCY in situations such as this .
At this point , the supervisor should have IMMEDIATELY notified the " watch desk " about the IN FLIGHT EMERGENCY , and the watch desk personnel in turn would have begun to notify various " search and rescue " or other related organizations that might be called upon to help out in the emergency situation .
For example :
If the IN FLIGHT EMERGENCY were happening over the ocean , then the Coast Guard would have been immediately notified so as to prepare their assets .
Simultaneously , or if not done earlier , the controller , the supervisor and the watch desk personnel would immediately reach out to their respective contacts at NEADS or , to any other appropriate control positions and facilities .
The air traffic controller would reach out to the NEADS radar tech who was in charge of monitoring that particular airspace using readily available communications links readily available at a touch of a figertip in order to find out if the NEADS tech saw anything unusual ... the supervisor would reach out to the NEADS supervisor via other land lines in preparation for a mutual set of activities ... and the watch desk would reach out to the top levels of the NEADS facility using yet another set of land lines to make sure that these top levels could fulfill their roles in helping with the IN FLIGHT EMERGENCY .
Please note : NORAD , the Pentagon and the FAA headquarters would NOT have been informed about their field facilities , such as Boston Center and NEADS , scrambling assets to solve an IN FLIGHT EMERGENCY .
These higher - ups each get " after - action reports " because time is so precious during the emergency situation .
Hijackings are different .
Its now 08:21 AM ...
The FAA air traffic controller and his supervisor should have been in the process of assigning as many extra controllers as were available to " plug in " , to " get the picture " , and to help coordinate with adjacent air traffic control sectors and bordering air traffic control facilities that might be affected by the emergency flight .
This is because AA11 could have been at ANY altitude , and it could have been headed anywhere as it was presumed to have lost all control .
Upon getting notification from Boston Center about the IN FLIGHT EMERGENCY , NEADS personnel should have IMMEDIATELY called Otis air base supervisory personnel who then would have had the scramble crews get ready , or into " battle " stations as it is commonly known .
Simultaneously , NEADS or the supervisory personnel should have informed the Otis tower that a scramble was initiated so that they could clear away any preceeding or arriving air traffic .
Then , as soon as the interceptor crew and aircraft were ready , the two interceptors whould have been ready to pull out of the hanger under their own power while preparing for an immediate rolling take - off .
Its now 08:24 AM ...
As AA11 began its turn southward towards NYC , Boston , the air traffic controller team at Boston Center would reach out to the New York Center and other faciities along the projected route of flight to inform them of the building problem , to clear all their " known aircraft " out of the way , and to give them time to get more personnel plugged in and watching - listening .
Everybody involved would now be focused and working upon their assigned duties in handling this IN FLIGHT EMERGENCY being suffered by a US AIR CARRIER .
An airliner that may have had hundreds of passengers on board .
The interceptor pilots and ground crew should have been completing their " engine start " responsibilites , and the interceptors should be taxiing faster and faster to the departure end of the runway .
Lacking any " hold " order , the two interceptors should have continued to the end of the departure runway and should have taken off without any delay .
Scrambles are a GO mentality until they are stopped ... and NOT vice - versa .
Around this time , the first of several radio transmissions [ see note just below ] are made indicating the possibility that AA11 is being hijacked , but there is no confirmation of this .
This information does not stop the handling of AA11 as an IN FLIGHT EMERGENCY .
Regarding the establishment of a " real " hijacking ... it is impossible to initiate the ATC radio communications protocols for establishing that AA11 is being hijacked because there is no radio communications with AA11 .
Therefore , establishing the fact that it IS a hijacking has to be accomplished by other means , so the IN FLIGHT EMERGENCY scramble continues ...
Note :
The radio transmissions that are claimed to be from " the hijackers " could have come from ANY aircraft operating within a few hundred miles of the location of the FAA antennae used for that specific frequency .
I suspect that the antennae location is somewhere in the middle of Connecticut .
Its now 08:25 AM ...
The interceptors are in full afterburner headed down the runway , all air traffic in the vicinity should have been already cleared out of the way as soon as the " scramble alert " was sounded , and within three minutes the interceptors should have been ... gear - up ... " full blower " ... accelerating to supersonic ... and headed westbound ROUGHLY in the direction of NYC ...
... they were already fully armed .
It is now 08:27 AM ...
As the interceptors headed west accelerating to supersonic , all the FAA controllers and FAA supervisors should have been on their " land lines " talking to every facility , every control sector and every management level associated with the routes of flight regarding both AA11 and the interceptors ... conversations should have been furious and continuous , yet coolheaded and professional .
Because this was an IN FLIGHT EMERGENCY , all the air traffic controllers responsible for all the airspace ahead of both AA11 and the interceptors should have been AUTOMATICALLY clearing out the skies ahead of these two flights even if it meant ... holding departures on the ground ... turning back aircraft set up in a landing sequence ... or reversing course for " through flights " in their airspace .
IN FLIGHT EMERGENCIES , or ANY applicable emergency situation gives air traffic controllers the authority to change the " first - come - first - served " principals of civilian airspace use .
Hijacking procedures only call for priority upon departure and only IF requested .
This is because a declaration of an EMERGENCY SITUATION calls for HIGHEST PRIORITY HANDLING .
Obviosuly the first responder aircraft need " first priority in handling " when responding to emergencies .
Just like fire trucks need priority on our roadways when they are responding to fires .
Its now 08:29 AM ...
American Airlines confirms that AA11 is being hijacked and now the FAA headquarters , the Pentagon and NORAD should all be notified that AA11 is a confirmed hijacking and all phone banks and multiple facility communications should be on the way to be established .
These steps are accomplished by initiating another set of protocols that call for a different routing of information and the inclusion of the State Department and the Pentagon ... IE : the hijack protocols .
AA11 , now in the vicinity of Albany , NY had made a HUGE unauthorized left turn and was now headed southbound towards NYC at about 600 mph [ 10 miles per minute ] with about 140 miles to go to Manhattan ...
The Otis interceptors , now west - northwest of Martha 's Vineyard , are headed westbound towards NYC at about 1800 mph [ 30 miles per minute ] with 170 miles to go ...
AA11's ETA [ estimated time of arrival ] over NYC ... 08:43 AM ...
The interceptor 's ETA over NYC ... 08:36 AM ...
Its now 08:30AM
Ground holds would have been issued for all departures from the New York Metro area ... all adjacent air traffic control sectors would have been alerted about the locations and tracks of AA11 and the Otis supersonic birds ... arrivals into the New York Metro area would have been rerouted well clear of the two incoming flights ... " known " aircraft operating in these airspaces would have been shuffled out of the way ... and the skies would have been cleared in front of these two flights .
The FAA air traffic controller teams would have been giving the location AA11 to NEADS personnel so that NEADS could BOTH locate AA11 , and to give the lats - longs to the Otis interceptors in order to program their onboard navigations sytems ... to program their onboard radar tracking systems ... and to program their onboard armament systems .
This would have been EASILY accomplished because handing aircraft off , or pointing aircraft out to other facilities happens each and every day all across the country .
Once the interceptor 's navigation systems had a more specific intercept location for AA11 [ a lat - long or a confirned primary target ] , they would have turned slightly to the right and headed for an intercept in the vicinity of Poughkeepsie , NY , or , approximately 80 miles north of Manhattan .
Even IF the interceptors nav systems were n't programmed , the FAA air traffic controllers would have a big enough " picture " to create their own intercept routing for the Otis interceptors and instructed the Otis birds to fly an intercept course .
This would be simple because air traffic controllers get paid to vector aircraft wherever they need vectoring ... its their job .... and they are very good at it .
Its now 08:32 AM ...
The Otis birds are supersonic and flying over the Long Island Sound having already turned towards Poughkeepsie for the intercept .
AA11 has slowed down slightly , perhaps because the onboard flight director called for this in a descent and there is a continuous communications flow between all FAA air traffic facilities along the routes of flight .
There are contstant updates between the FAA and NEADS .... there are constant communications between the interceptor pilots and both the FAA and NEADS radar techs and weapons folks .
The Otis birds now have their " prey " locked into their onboard radar tracking programs ... now the interceptor 's flight director takes charge of navigation ... now these highly skilled pilots do what they have been trained to do over years and years of service to this country ... now they will be INTERCEPTING AN AIRCRAFT !
As the intercept nears , the Otis birds slow down and circle to approach from behind .
Then , one pulls CLOSE alongside the cockpit of AA11 and tries to establish visual contact with the pilot .
The other Otis bird either takes the other side , or remains behind the B767 .
They remain in this configuration trying every which way they can to get the attention of the pilot of this American Airlines B767 which , to the Otis pilots , is only suffering an IN FLIGHT EMERGENCY .
The Otis pilots want to know what is wrong .
Right around this time , with the hijacking being confirmed somewhere in the communications links between the FAA Command Center , FAA headquarters , the Pentagon , NORAD and all the affected FAA air traffic control facilities , the interceptor pilots should have become informed about the hijacking .
This would change nothing , because with no contact with the pilot of AA11 being acknowledged , and with this status being shared with the FAA and the Military , the only issues left for the interceptor pilots are to : ... consider the " controllability " of AA11 , IE : are the pilots going to follow the lead or " instructions " of the interceptor pilots ... or to follow closely behind the hijacked airliner ... and to prepare for a shoot down if need be .
And if the pilots of AA11 did not respond to the presence of the Otis interceptors , this would mean very , very SERIOUS business ... whether a hijacking or an IN FLIGHT EMERGENCY .
Its now 08:38 AM ...
The Otis interceptors are now in trail and alongside AA11 , and flying in tight formation right down the Hudson River headed to the world 's largest city .
As AA11 begins a descent , one interceptor pilot remains alongside attempting to get the attention of the pilot .
And , because he is flying so closely to AA11 , he easily can see inside the cockpit and thusly , would be able to see IF the pilot indeed DID see the interceptor pilot as to follow his instructions .
The Otis pilot also could see if the pilot WAS NOT following the interceptor 's instructions , or attempting to , and also if the pilot was dressed and appeared like an American Airlines pilot .
The other interceptor pilot would have now fallen in behind AA11 in typical " escort " position .
Without clear " agreement " by the pilot of AA11 , the interceptor pilots would have to conclude that AA11 was NOT going to follow their instructions , that the B767 was now a DANGEROUS flight whether controlled or uncontrolled , and that it was a threat to people and / or property within the USofA .
The Manhattan skyline was beginning to poke its head up less than 60 miles ahead , and the flights were descending ... and it was painfully clear that AA11 was NOT headed towards Cuba .
Interceptor pilots are highly skilled , very well refined , incredibly disciplined , and highly patriotic defenders of this country who have had training in air - to - air combat .
These folks are the top of the top .
Perhaps some have had actual experiences in dog fights in the first Gulf War .
They are professional killers who who have received training about when to shoot , and when not to shoot .
As this treacherous formation flight was headed straight towards NYC , and continued its descent to unreasonably low altitudes as the formation approached Manhattan , the interceptor pilots KNEW what may be in store for them .
A possile shootdown of an airliner was in the cards ... whether or not they had approvals from higher authorities .
Whether its a hijack , an IN FLIGHT EMERGENCY , a lost or disoriented aircraft , or for an aircraft with ANY other reason for NOT following the orders of a US interceptor flying alongside the cockpit , the interceptor pilots have one basic responsibility ... to protect the persons , property and security of the USofA .
Please do not be fooled by any other rhetoric or cover-up .
Just as a policeman has bullets and strict protocols as when and why to pull the trigger WITHOUT immediate and direct consultation and approval from higher authorities , so do the interceptor pilots have missles and strict protocols as to when and why to fire those missles WITHOUT immediate and direct approval from higher authorities .
When the US Military tells you otherwise , they are lying to cover up their failures .
An interceptor pilot knows what to do ... a policeman knows what to do ... its their chosen professions .
Its now 08:42 AM ...
Manhattan 's skyline is fully visible at this time to the interceptor pilots , and AA11 has continued its descent down to altitudes nearing the heights of the Empire State Building , WTC1 and WTC2 as they all speed directly towards the city .
There is no stopping the descent of AA11 and the trajectory is unmistakeable to the Otis pilots .
Tensions have grown , the interceptor pilots are hoping for instructions from a higher authority , and if they came , they would obviously be to " shoot down " before AA11 can cause major harm to this city ... and if the instructions did n't come , the captains of the interceptors would have to make a hard and monstorous decision .
A decision perhaps never before made by interceptor pilots trained in the art of killing .
A decision made with steely and cool temperments , with a deadly final result ... and that was to fire the missles before AA11 had a chance to crash into Manhattan .
But this decision would have been made !
And if they DID NOT shoot down , and stood by as thousands of innocent citizens were murdered right in front of their eyes because they DIDN 'T SHOOT DOWN , well , what then ?
I know what I would do , and I 'm a man of peace .
Its simple math that 's really , really hard to calculate .
But interceptor pilots understand about death , and the numbers , and they would know that someone was going to die !
Which is the best option ?
THAT is the discipline that an interceptor pilot is trained for ... if not , why give them missles ?
These interceptor pilots do not live in a bubble , they remember the WTC bombings in the early 90s , they are fully briefed as to their missions on a daily basis , and they keep abreast the threats facing this country [ from the military perspective of course .. ] because its just part of their JOB !
They are not in their fighters delivering bread .
Interceptor pilots ...
They KNOW ... they are AWARE ... they are VERY INTELLIGENT ... they FIGURE STUFF OUT ... they wear a uniform FOR A REASON ... they know WHAT NEEDS TO BE DONE ... and they would SHOOT DOWN an airliner that was going to crash into a major city .
Do not be fooled by your own emotions about these choices or responsibilities because chances are that you would NEVER be an interceptor pilot !
These are well trained warriors .
Its now 08:44 ...
The missle guidance systems have been locked onto AA11 for many minutes now ... the cold water has been willed into , and is now running through the interceptor pilot 's veins and arteries ... the towers on Manhattan are less than 20 miles away and growing in height ... the decision to shoot if need be has already been made ... and if AA11 does not accept the final attempts at giving up command to the interceptor pilots ... AA11 would be shot down .
Period !
More and more of the ground beneath the formation flight is filling up with homes , and businesses , and busy highways ... the earth below was filling up with innocent people ... and off to the east just a few miles was a nuclear plant ... the question now is WHEN to fire ... because that will control WHERE the debris will fall ...
The interceptor pilots are listening intently for some good news over the rdaio ... it does not come ... maybe the shoot down should be well north over the Hudson River if at all possible ... up near Yonkers ...its NOT going to be over the GW Bridge ... its NOT going to be over Central Park ... its NOT going to be anywhere over Manhattan ... but it IS gonna happen ...
The front interceptor peels off rapidly so as to not confuse the missle guidance system if the missle is a heat seeker ... and once clear , the trailing interceptor fires its missle[s ] ...
Many lives are lost , all in the air , some on the ground ... and some damage is suffered ...
Its now 08:45 AM ...
AA11 has been destroyed ... and two minutes earlier at 08:43 , the entire system learned that UA175 has been announced that UA175 had also been hijacked .
This makes the fatal decision at 08:44 more palatable but the Otis pilots were in another zone when these radio transmissions came over the air .
And it STILL would not have made any difference .
The lead interceptor that had peeled off away from the front of AA11 now knows of another PREY that it must respond to ... UA175 ... and that 's right ...its just another PREY ... because this game has defined itself very clearly , the enemy is in the sky .
The Otis bird continues in its turn behind his wingmate and once westbound , the interceptor blasts into full blower climbing to " greet " UA175 .
It takes vectors from the FAA controllers toward yet another intercept point and simultaneously inserts the positional and target information about the wayward UA175 into its navigational and missle guidance systems ... this time its a transponder code because UA175 did not have its transponder turned off .
The fully armed Otis bird locks on to UA175 which is still west of NYC and still southwestbound ... but again , out of FAA control ... and the fighter speeds to the intercept .
This time , there are no doubts .... but the procedure is the same .
Pull alongside ... attempt to take command of UA175 ... try to establish contact with the pilot ... get ready for another shoot down ... the usual drill .
Everyone , and especially the Otis pilots NOW KNOW the dimension of the attack .
And the Otis pilots also KNOW that it is THEY who are the ONLY two frontline players in our national defense at that very moment in time ... they fully understand the NORAD system ... and they KNOW what to do ... because they had just done it ... just as they had always practiced it ... less the trigger .
The Otis interceptor that shot down AA11 remains behind and circles overhead Manhattan checking out the KILL , awaiting any word from anyone about another " prey " for its deathly power , and preparing for anything to happen at a moment 's notice .
He is ready ... they are ALWAYS READY ...
Its now 09:00 AM ...
This time the debris field falls between Ellis , Liberty and Governors Islands hopefully all over New York Harbor ...
It is now fully accepted by ALL the players ... that the United States is under full attack from the air ...
All War Game activities are terminated ... every military aviation asset is INSTANTLY made available for defending the nation ... every airbourne asset is directed into a defensive posture ... a lethal posture if the situation requires it ... a weaponized asset or not ...
All our major cities are covered with military assets .
Every " suspicious " aircraft is immediately scrambled upon and intercepted for a first hand judgement ...
UA93 is disposed of as were AA11 and UA175 ... UNLESS ... there had been a successful takeover by the passengers ... and then it would have happily rocked its wings in delight to see a fighter beside it trying to help out .
UA93 would have been escorted to an airport that could risk the rough landing executed by an inexperienced civilian pilot ...
Its now 10:00 AM ...
... the skies are now fully under control ...
...actually , they have been fully under control for an hour ...
...actually , they have ALWAYS been fully under control ...
... even beginning at 08:14 AM on 9/11/2001 ...
Epilogue :
AA77 is another story for another day ... a very , very interesting story indeed ...
However , this country STILL would have invaded Afghanistan ...
And this country STILL would have invaded and occupied Iraq ...
This is because that is what this country is " tricked into supporting " ...ie :
... whenever the military industrial complex and the multinational corporations feel the need for more profits , they conjure up another reason to start another war ...
Puts a different light on Bush 's statement : " Mission accomplished does n't it ?
Love , Peace and Progress with :
PUBLICALLY FUNDED ELECTIONS using HAND COUNTED PAPER BALLOTS on a NEW PAID FEDERAL VOTING HOLIDAY ...
Robin Hordon
I ’m proud to announce our new public API , which allows any application or device deeper integration with the Last . fm platform than ever before .
Our vision is the most comprehensive social music API on the web , and today marks a big step forward in that direction .
Last.fm Spiral by Sha Hwang , built with the Last.fm API .
The new API introduces a user authentication protocol which for the first time allows applications to create user sessions , bringing both read and write services to web apps , desktop apps and mobile devices .
Take our new tagging API ’s .
Developers can both pull and apply tags to music content from any application on any platform now .
The same goes for sharing – developers can build Last . fm sharing support into any app .
There are also new search , playlist , event and geo API ’s being rolled out today , with lots more stuff planned in the coming weeks and months .
If you ’ve been working with our existing services , bear in mind scrobbling is also integrated with the new API , so there ’s just one session key required to use any Last . fm service now .
If you want to work with Last . fm services or have done so in the past , do n’t forget to join our new Last.fm web services group to provide feedback & suggestions as well as discuss your application ideas .
From tour planners to batch tag editors , we ca n’t wait to see what you come up with – you ’ve consistently surprised us with imaginative ideas so far and we have no doubt in your ability to get on your feet and make it happen .
Happy hacking : www.last.fm/api
インストール、設定方法まとめました。
2008年05 月12 日 Gavotte Ramdisk インストール 設定方法 使い 方
http://d.hatena.ne.jp/sona-zip/20080512
WindowsXP 32bitでメモリ4G越え！！
ここ↓でも昔紹介しましたがRAMDISKのお話
[ Windows ] [ Hardware ] Qsoft Enterprise Liteを使ってRAMDISK を作成
http://d.hatena.ne.jp/sona-zip/20080330/p2
なん とWindowsXP 32bit でメモリを4G以上認識しちゃう方法が2chで明らかになりました。
どういうことかというとOS上でシステム用として使えるメモリは3Gちょっとと変わりはないのですが、8G搭載した場合は残りの約5GをRAMDISKとして認識することができます。
これはすごい！！！！！
しか もWindows XP SP3 でも動作するようです。
Qsoft Enterprise LiteはSP3で動作しなかったからちょうどいいですね。(使えている人もいるみたい
引用なので引用先のリンクを張っていましたが、引用先が迷惑しているようなのでリンクは省略します。
このソフトを利用すると使えるようです。
あとマザーボードのチップセットが、対応しているメモリサイズしか読み込めないので所持しているマザーボードの型番で調べてみてください。
これはどういう仕組みなのかな？と思っていたところに詳しい方が↓とのこと
362 名前：名無し~3.EXE[sage ] 投稿日：2008/05/09 (金) 15:50:45 id : Glap9QDu
何でこのソフトだけがそんな芸当できるのかが謎。
OS上のドライバでOS管理外のメモリを弄れるとかどうなってるんだろ
380 名前：名無し~3.EXE [ sage ] 投稿日：2008/05/09 (金) 16:25:55 id:eQPCdyUk
>>362
ドライバ屋さんがきましたよ。ちょっとデバッガ走らせて動き観察したので解説
割と昔からある技術でOS管理外のメモリは
仮想アドレスとしては割り当てされないけど物理アドレスは有効なので
DDKの関数でMmGetPhysicalAddressなりMmMapIoSpaceなりでできるよん。
DirectXも似たようなことやってるじゃん。ビデオカード上のVRAMにアクセスしたりとか
あれもOS管理外のメモリでしょ。
我が家 のPCはメモリを3Gしか積んでいないので、まだ導入していませんが
購入次第インストール方法やその他テスト結果の記事を書こうと思います。
( 最近メモリが値上がりしたんだけどね・・・・
Gordon Brown has been accused of deliberately misleading the public by claiming that not retaining genetic profiles of innocent people on the National DNA Database ( NDNAD ) would have led to 114 murderers getting away .
The charge was made on Friday by the genetics lobby group GeneWatch UK .
It analysed a speech the Prime Minister made on June 17 where he argued for the retention of DNA profiles from thousands of charged suspects , including children , in criminal cases that were later found not guilty or never made it to trial .
A Downing Street spokeswoman said : " I think in this case we 'll have to let the Prime Minister 's words speak for themselves .
The figures he quoted were publicly available from 2006 . "
The Home Office had referred The Register 's questions about the speech to Number 10 .
The massive expansion of the NDNAD was mandated by the Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 .
GeneWatch 's Dr Helen Wallace accused Brown of knowingly manipulating statistical estimates to spin them as facts in support of storing innocent people 's genetic information .
In a statement she said : " Gordon Brown has stooped to a new low . "
Match making up
In his speech on " Liberty and Security " at the Institute for Public Policy Research , Brown said : " If we had not made this change [ retaining innocents ' DNA profiles ] , 8,000 suspects who have been matched with crime scenes since 2001 would in all probability have got away , their DNA having been deleted from the database .
" This includes 114 murders , 55 attempted murders , 116 rapes , 68 other sexual offences , 119 aggravated burglaries , and 127 drugs offences . "
The figures Brown cited are drawn from the Home Office 's NDNAD annual report .
The most recent numbers say that " 200,300 or so " profiles have been retained that would have been removed before the Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 hit the statute book .
That number is estimated from comparing the number of entries in the Police National Computer ( PNC ) to the number of DNA profiles .
The Home Office then calculates what proportion of the entire NDNAD acquitted and untried suspects represent .
This factor is used to estimate that 13,964 offences recorded by the police in 2005 / 06 were matched to a profile on the database that would not have been retained before 2001 .
In turn , the number of those supposed matches that would have been murder cases is calculated : 114 .
And finally , the Prime Minister informs the public that 114 murderers would " in all probability have got away " .
Believe it or not , it ’s been five years since Candy Crush Saga has been released on the market .
Even so , it ’s still one of the most popular games around the world , and many people are playing it on their mobile devices .
It was released on April 12 , 2012 on Facebook , then the mobile versions for iOS and Android were released in December .
Numbers
The pattern matching game has been a regular of the top ten most played installments in the app charts in the US , Canada , France , Germany , Australia , South Africa and the Netherlands .
Despite the fact that the game is free to play , people do spend on various advantages , starting from $ 0.99 a payment .
Now , Candy Crush is still fighting some more recent releases on the market , such as Game of War , Clash of Clans , Clash Royale and Mobile Strike , for example .
At the same time , it ’s rivaling streaming apps such as Pandora Radio and Netflix .
The Original Beats the Spin-Offs
Despite the fact that the developers release two more apps , the Candy Crush Soda Saga ( 2014 ) and Candy Crush Jelly Saga ( 2016 ) , people still prefer to play the original version .
It ’s true that each of the spin - offs has its own fans and players , but it seems that the five - year - old version is still the most popular one .
One exception is Japan , where the Soda Saga is more popular than the original Candy Crush , but it is indeed a rare example .
Either way , it ’s seldom that a spin - off comes before their parent app in most regions .
All in all , it ’s an impressive thing that a game app managed to keep its place in top ten most successful apps .
This means that it ’s a professional game which follows strict rules and pays attention to people ’s needs .
In what could possibly be described as the worst ever car pile - up in world history , a total of 227 cars and 12 buses collided into one large mess of mangled , burning metal .
The pile up happened on the highway between Dubai and Abu Dhabi .
So far 3 people have been confirmed dead , 6 people in critical condition , and a whopping 347 people injured .
The crash was blamed on reckless driving and " heavy fog " .
To put this crash into perspective , the worst car pile - up in US history involved 164 cars on I - 5 near Coalinga , California .
The death toll in that accident was 17 with 150 injured .
Here are some eyewitness photos from the scene :
Although it may be apocryphal , the story goes that the pyramid method was invented when reporters started using the telegraph to transmit their stories across the country to their editors .
Prior to this , most articles where written much like today 's school essays or technical reports , that is , in a deductive style with the conclusion at the end .
But reporters quickly discovered that the telegraph was an unreliable transmission mechanism .
Not only was the physical connection unreliable , but also they could easily be bumped off the line if someone more important , like the military , wanted their place .
A half - transmitted article with the conclusion at the end was useless ( " So , Custer was in an exciting battle , but did he win or lose ? " ) .
The reporters quickly adapted their writing style so that each article started with the most important details .
This new format meant that if their transmission was cut short , then their editor still had the most valuable article possible .
It also meant that the reporters kept their jobs and their incomes ; what 's the point of having a roaming reporter if he can't reliably deliver good copy ?
Although the inverted pyramid approach has also been used for decades within software development to reliably deliver good software on time , despite the extreme uncertainty faced by most projects , it 's only become well known within commercial software development with the growing use and awareness of the agile approaches such as Scrum and Extreme Programming .
We do n't refer to these approaches as the inverted pyramid .
We use other names like evolutionary , iterative , incremental , or spiral , but the principles are the same : prioritize the features ( or paragraphs , as in a story ) , deliver them so that our customers ( the readers and editors ) can consume them , and then repeat the process .
One of the reasons why the inverted pyramid approach succeeded is that it not only helped the journalists keep their jobs and made the articles more readable but also made the editors ' jobs much easier , too .
They would edit each article and then shorten it according to how important they judged the story and how much space they had available .
If the article was on the front page , it also ran the risk of being chopped down to accommodate late - breaking news .
The inverted pyramid style gave them the flexibility to quickly resize the article as needed .
It meant that they could meet their daily commitments of shipping a highly readable newspaper despite the fixed space available .
Similarly , when software projects use the inverted pyramid style , senior managers have far more flexibility to react to changes in their environments .
If a new opportunity opens up in the marketplace , then they may choose to close down an active project to work on the new opportunity .
Since the software on that project is currently the best it can possibly be and because it is currently useable , the investment is not lost .
In fact , the customer has received the best possible software he could expect and the organization has invested its development budget in the most profitable way possible .
I 'm going to finish this article with what , ironically , is probably the most important point .
One of the key lessons we can learn from the inverted pyramid principle is that when reporters are writing their articles , they will easily spend eighty percent of their effort focusing on writing a strong first paragraph , also known as the lede .
Once they 've correctly written the lede , they say that the rest of the article almost writes itself .
If a reporter gets the lede wrong , then the article is not only difficult to write , but it will inevitably be muddled and muddy to read .
Newspaper folk call this " burying the lede . "
In software development , we often " bury our promise . "
We tend to focus too much on the software features or functional requirements — the concrete stuff — at the expense of the higher - level requirements that the customer and users really care about .
It happens just as much in agile projects as it does in other types of projects .
Just as a reporter will figure out an article 's lede by asking what the article is really about and then use the lede to guide him as he writes , software development projects need to ask not what its lede is , but what promise they are making .
What 's the project really about ?
How will the project 's customers and the team 's bosses judge if it is successful ?
I like my teams to agree on a one - or two - sentence " promise " with their customers .
Last year , for instance , I ran a project where our promise to the team 's management was simply to " rebuild trust with the customers . "
A few years earlier the promise was even simpler : " Do what you 've got to do to beat our competitors to market with a good quality product . "
A clear promise , like a good lede , sets the stage for everything that follows .
Just as the reporter will scrutinize every sentence to ensure that it fits with the lede , a project 's staff must always keep the promise in mind when making a decision .
For instance , a month into the first project , we had some bad news which we could easily have hidden from the customer , but when I asked myself " Will this rebuild trust with the customer ? "
I decided that no , I would actually build more trust by sharing the bad news .
Likewise , we quickly decided that the second project would deliver a very austere , but functional , product rather than one that was all singing and all dancing .
Why ?
Because the product , the higher our odds of keeping our promise and beating our competitor into the market place .
Home Depot , battered by a downturn in the housing market , is laying off 500 workers at its headquarters in Atlanta , or about 10 percent of its work force there , the company said Thursday .
The chain appears to be the first major American retailer to make job cuts because of a slowdown in consumer spending , but it is unlikely to be the last .
J. C. Penney said Thursday that it would eliminate about 150 jobs as part of a reorganization .
“ We are operating in a tough economic environment , and we see that continuing into 2008 , ” said Ron DeFeo , a spokesman for Home Depot .
Home Depot is eliminating jobs in several departments , like human resources and information technology , but the layoffs will not affect workers at the chain ’s 2,200 stores , Mr. DeFeo said .
This site is marked private by its owner .
If you would like to view it , you ’ll need two things :
A WordPress.com account .
Do n’t have an account ?
All you need is an email address and password — register here !
Permission from the site owner .
Once you 've created an account , log in and revisit this screen to request an invite .
If you already have both of these , great !
Log in here
The Internet “ is how we deliver our shows , ” said Jim Louderback , chief executive of Revision3 , a three - year - old media company that runs what it calls a television network on the Web .
“ If all of a sudden our viewers are worried about some sort of a broadband cap , they may think twice about downloading or watching our shows . ”
Even if the caps are far above the average users ’ consumption , their mere existence could cause users to reduce their time online .
Just ask people who carefully monitor their monthly allotments of cellphone minutes and text messages .
“ As soon as you put serious uncertainty as to cost on the table , people ’s feeling of freedom to predict cost dries up and so does innovation and trying new applications , ” Vint Cerf , the chief Internet evangelist for Google who is often called the “ father of the Internet , ” said in an e-mail message .
But the companies imposing the caps say that their actions are only fair .
People who use more network capacity should pay more , Time Warner argues .
And Comcast says that people who use too much — like those who engage in file - sharing — should be forced to slow down .
Time Warner also frames the issue in financial terms : the broadband infrastructure needs to be improved , it says , and maybe metering could pay for the upgrades .
So far its trial is limited to new subscribers in Beaumont , Tex. , a city of roughly 110,000 .
In that trial , new customers can buy plans with a 5 - gigabyte cap , a 20 - gigabyte cap or a 40 - gigabyte cap .
Prices for those plans range from $ 30 to $ 50 .
Above the cap , customers pay $ 1 a gigabyte .
Plans with higher caps come with faster service .
“ Average customers are way below the caps , ” said Kevin Leddy , executive vice president for advanced technology at Time Warner Cable .
“ These caps give them years ’ worth of growth before they ’d ever pay any surcharges . ”
I ’m happy to announce that version 2.6 of WordPress.org is now available , almost a month ahead schedule .
Version 2.6 “ Tyner , ” named for jazz pianist McCoy Tyner , contains a number of new features that make WordPress a more powerful CMS : you can now track changes to every post and page and easily post from wherever you are on the web , plus there are dozens of incremental improvements to the features introduced in version 2.5 .
We ’ve prepared a brief video tour of 2.6 , if you have 3 minutes and 29 seconds to spare , it ’s worth a watch :
If you ’d like to embed the tour video in your blog , copy and paste this code for the high quality version :
And here ’s a smaller version , 400 pixels wide :
Here ’s a more textual overview of what ’s hawt in 2.6 :
Post Revisions : Wiki - like tracking of edits
With the power of modern computers , it ’s silly that we still use save and editing metaphors from the time when the most common method of storage was floppy disks .
WordPress has always respected the importance of your writing with auto - save , and now we ’re taking that to another level by allowing you to view who made what changes when to any post or page through a super - easy interface , much like Wikipedia or a version control system .
This is handy on any blog in case you make a mistake and want to go back to an older version of a post , and it ’s super handy for multi-author blogs where you can see every change tracked by person .
Press
This !:
Post from wherever you are on the web
A few months ago on my blog we started a conversation about the posting bookmarklet in WordPress and which systems we should look to for inspiration , like Flock , FriendFeed , Facebook , Tumblr , and Delicious .
From these suggestions and the Quick Post plugin by Josh Kenzer , we developed a Press
This bookmark you can add to your toolbar that provides a fast and smart popup to do posts to your WordPress blog :
For example , if you click “ Press This ” from a Youtube page it ’ll magically extract the video embed code , and if you do it from a Flickr page it ’ll make it easy for you to put the image in your post .
On my blog I ’ve been experimenting with using different categories and the in_category ( ) function — such as video , quote , aside , et cetera — to create a more tumblelog - like format .
Shift Gears : Turbo - speed your blogging
Gears is an open source browser extension project started by Google that developers like us can use to give you features we would n’t normally be able to .
There are a lot of things we can do with Gears in the future , but in this release we ’ve stuck to using what ’s called a “ Local Server ” to cache or keep a copy of commonly - used Javascript and CSS files on your computer , which can speed up the loading of some pages by several seconds ( they just pop right up ! ) .
You can install Gears for Firefox or Internet Explorer , with support for Safari and Opera pending .
WordPress works just fine without it , you just get a little extra juice when you have it installed .
Theme Previews :
See it before your audience does
Now when you select a theme it pops up a window that shows the theme live with all your content , instead of immediately making it active on your site .
This is great for just test driving themes before making a switch over publicly , and it is also helpful when you are developing a theme and need to test it but do n’t want everybody to see your ongoing mistakes development .
Here are some of the smaller features and improvements in 2.6 :
Word count !
Never guess how many words are in your post anymore .
Never guess how many words are in your post anymore .
Image captions , so you can add sweet captions like Political Ticker does under your images .
, so you can add sweet captions like Political Ticker does under your images .
Bulk management of plugins .
of plugins .
A completely revamped image control to allow for easier inserting , floating , and resizing .
It ’s now fully integrated with the WYSIWYG .
to allow for easier inserting , floating , and resizing .
It ’s now fully integrated with the WYSIWYG .
Drag - and - drop reordering of Galleries .
. Plugin update notification bubble .
notification bubble .
Customizable default avatars .
You can now upload media when in full - screen mode .
Remote publishing via XML - RPC and APP is now secure ( off ) by default , but you can turn it on easily through the options screen .
Full SSL support in the core , and the ability to force SSL for security .
for security .
You can now have many thousands of pages or categories with no interface issues .
Ability to move your wp - config file and wp- content directories to a custom location , for “ clean ” SVN checkouts .
file and directories to a custom location , for “ clean ” SVN checkouts .
Select a range of checkboxes with “ shift - click . ”
You can toggle between the Flash uploader and the classic one .
A number of proactive security enhancements , including cookies and database interactions .
Stronger better faster versions of TinyMCE , jQuery , and jQuery UI .
Version 2.6 fixes approximately 194 bugs .
Developer Notes
WordPress.org had over 75 people contributing code to WordPress 2.6 .
In addition to the core commit team we had contributions from Dion Hulse , Austin Matzko , Otto42 , Benedict Eastaugh , and pishmishy .
AaronCampbell and Marco Zehe provided more than a few patches .
Back among the top code contributors is Jacob Santos .
Alex Concha continues to have WordPress ’ back .
Joining bug reporting and gardening elite are hakre , Simon Wheatley , mtekk , and Matty Rob .
Finally , congratulations to our Peter Westwood on your recent wedding !
I ’m also proud to announce we ’re adding a new core committer to the team : Andrew Ozz ( azaozz ) has been a huge help to the core team this year , particularly around TinyMCE and making the WYSIWYG something that works for you , not against you .
Because of the new capabilities to make WordPress a clean SVN checkout , plugin and theme authors should do their best to handle forms and posts through WP rather than trying to post to their files directly , here ’s a quick Codex article about how to do it using our forward - compatible APIs .
Upgrading
2.6 is pretty much identical to 2.5 from a plugin and theme compatibility point of view , so upgrades from 2.5 should be pretty painless .
The 2.5 branch will no longer be maintain so everyone is encouraged to upgrade .
Our standard 3 - step upgrade instructions apply to this release .
There were at least 1,984,047 downloads of the 2.5 series , the fastest growing release we ’ve ever had , and I think all of those people will find 2.6 adds a level of polish that really makes WP a pleasure to use every day .
( At least I do . :) )
Easter Egg
There have been rumors and allegations that there was a so - called “ easter egg ” added to 2.6 early in its development .
These rumors and allegations are completely false !
P.S. If you ’re a fan of WordPress , consider joining our fan page on Facebook .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Email
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
By Ashin Mettacara
Allow me to discuss with the reader the subject of the Buddha and His views on politics .
Being a Buddhist monk , I will try to illuminate you on the right way of life and the best kind of political involvement , according to Buddha 's teaching .
These teachings are not only for Buddhists , but also for all non-Buddhists : for everyone .
What does " Buddhist " - mean ?
The best answer is that those who are practicing and living in accordance with the Buddha 's teachings are Buddhists , because practice is much appreciated by the Buddha .
Then , what are the teachings of the Buddha ?
The rudimentary and shortest answer is that we must always endeavor to do good and kindness , rather than doing evil and harm to others .
Obviously , no one could ever conclude that the current rulers of Myanmar are Buddhists .
They have attached their names in name only , to affiliate with Buddhists , in order to rule the country .
They essentially tried to become Buddhists without knowing any teachings of the Buddha .
These generals are surviving on truly ignorant and blind faith .
The true Buddhist must be a self - learner and must continually practice to achieve the highest liberation ( nirvana ) .
Politics and political matters in Buddhism are considered worldly concerns , yes .
But the Buddha did not ignore such worldly concerns , because as a Prince estranged and removed from his prior worldly concerns , still He was living in society .
Alms food comes from vast numbers of people constituting society .
So should not we work to elevate society to evolve into a higher form , to be more effective and more just ?
The monks were also told by the Buddha to work for the good of many , for the benefit of all beings and for the betterment of society .
The intent behind the founding of the community of monks ( Sangha in Pali , Pali being the original language of the Buddha ) was entirely for the benefit of the people .
In the life of Buddha , we find that the Buddha often discussed politics with the rulers of realms in his time , such as King Mala , King Kosala , King Licchavi and King Ajatasattu .
The Buddha always preached the kings that they must rule their kingdoms with dasarajadhamma .
The dasarajadamma in Pali is based on ten precepts , in order for the king to best rule the country .
They are : ( 1 ) be liberal and avoid selfishness , ( 2 ) maintain a high moral character , ( 3 ) be prepared to sacrifice one 's own pleasure for the well - being of the subjects , ( 4 ) be honest and maintain absolute integrity , ( 5 ) be kind and gentle , ( 6 ) lead a simple life for the subjects to emulate , ( 7 ) be free from hatred of any kind , ( 8 ) exercise non-violence , ( 9 ) practice patience , and ( 10 ) respect public opinion to promote peace and harmony .
Any government who wishes to peacefully rule any nation can effectively apply these 10 precepts even today ; they have n't yet and never will " go out of date . " -
The Buddha preached non-violence and peace as a universal message .
He did not approve of violence or the destruction of life , and declared that there is no such thing as a " just " war .
From his own words ,
He taught : " The victor breeds hatred ; the defeated lives in misery .
He who renounces both victory and defeat is happy and peaceful . " -
Not only did the Buddha teach non-violence and peace :
He was perhaps the first and only religious teacher who went to the battlefield personally to prevent the outbreak of a war , when He diffused tension between the Sakyas and the Koliyas who were about to wage war over the waters of Rohini River .
He also dissuaded King Ajatasattu from attacking the Kingdom of the Vajjis
He showed how countries could become corrupt , degenerate and unhappy when the head of the government becomes corrupt and unjust .
He spoke against corruption and how all governments ' actions must be based on humanitarian principles .
The Buddha once said , " When the ruler of a country is just and good , the ministers become just and good ; when the ministers are just and good , the higher officials become just and good ; when the higher officials are just and good , the rank and file become just and good ; when the rank and file become just and good , the people become just and good . "
Clearly , religion and politics are something analogous to paper money having two sides .
The front can be regarded as religion and the other side can be regarded as politics .
They can not be separated from each other .
Otherwise the value of money is nothing .
Similarly , Buddhist monks and other religious leaders also should not be separated from politics .
I do n't mean to imply that they should rule the country , but just to present and to advance their Buddhist precepts throughout the workings of a government in order to prevent so many wars and conquests , persecutions , such egregious atrocities , rebellions , and the destruction of works of art and culture .
Barack Obama Out and About in Berlin ( Photos )
is acting more like a world leader than the presumptive Democratic nominee running for President of the United States .
The junior U.S. Senator from Illinois is in the middle of a whirlwind tour that included Iraq .
The international tour was undertaken to prop up Obama 's foreign policy credentials .
He and his team have received briefings from U.S. commanders and others along the way .
Stops have included Afghanistan , Baghdad , Jordan and Berlin with planned trips yet this week to France and England .
An interesting side note is that all three major news networks , ABC , CBS and NBC have sent their top guns to report on the candidates every move .
When John McCain visited Iraq in March , his media entourage consisted of the regular press pool .
We 've got some photos of Obama yesterday in Berlin , including the candidate walking through the Ritz Carlton dressed and ready to workout .
His now familiar grey t- shirt and jogging pants indicate he may have found a pickup game of hoops .
We see the candidate being ushers by his security detail into a large white SUV .
The cameras caught up with Obama later that evening at the Borchardt restaurant .
We see evidence of his secret service posse hovering outside the eatery entrance in one photo .
Obama 's closest companion on this trip and on the campaign trail back home is Reggie Love .
The body man , who Barack says is " cooler than I am " , is attached to the senator at the hip .
Check out details and photos of Love here .
More photos from Berlin below .
Photos : WENN
Advertisements
During a conference call about Obama ’s op - ed in the New York Times today , Sen. Joe Biden ( D - DE ) said that John McCain has no notion of what is going on in Iraq .
Andrea Mitchell of NBC asked Biden to respond to McCain ’s allegations that Obama is flip - floping on Iraq .
After a long answer about Obama ’s policy on Iraq , Biden threw this in , “ John McCain has no notion of what ’s going on .
He did n’t know early on that the likelihood of Saddam and al - Qaeda getting together is like Lenin and Trotsky deciding to form a coalition government , number one . ”
“ Number two , he does n’t get the fact that in fact there is no reasonable prospect of there being a strong central government located in Baghdad headed by and under written by the U.S. military .
It is not going to happen .
And so he just , I do n’t understand where John ( McCain ) and Lindsey ( Graham ) are coming from here , ” Biden continued .
Advertisements
Biden also said that Mitchell should go call McCain and Graham and ask them what the number one threat facing the U.S. is .
He said that they will tell her that it is international terrorism .
Biden wanted Mitchell to tell them that he will take them to Afghanistan , take them up in a helicopter , and show them where the terrorists live .
The McCain campaign went on the attack against Biden .
“ Senator Biden ’s comments about John McCain and Iraq are as absurd as they are wrong .
He opposed the surge and the counterinsurgency strategy and instead proposed partitioning the country .
No Iraqi political leader supported the Biden plan to dismember Iraq .
If we had followed Senator Biden ’s ill - informed advice to split Iraq into three pieces , we would have seen wide - scale civil war .
Instead , we have the dramatic security gains of the last 18 months because John McCain ’s strategy was implemented , ” Randy Scheunemann , the McCain campaign ’s Director of Foreign Policy and National Security said .
I am not a big fan of Biden ’s Iraq solution , and Obama has shown know no sign of adopting the Biden plan , but the McCain camp is taking credit for the troop surge , whose success is questionable at best .
Notice how the McCain camp dodged the part of Biden ’s comments that stressed where the real terrorists are .
What is clear is that Biden ’s profile is rising within the Obama campaign , and I think this exchange today demonstrated why Biden would be a good running mate for Obama .
You can listen to Biden ’s remarks here
All hard drives are not created equal , at least when it comes to adding one to your Xbox 360 or PlayStation 3 .
The reason a 120 GB hard drive for the 360 costs $ 180 compared to just $ 45 for one you could put in your PS3 is that the 360's drive has been tweaked to specifically suit the Microsoft console , reports MTV .
The drive comes pre-loaded with Xbox Arcade trials as well as " specific Gaming Instructions and some levels of the OS , " says Krishna Chander of iSuppli .
The 360 drives have also been color tuned and packaged for the addition to your console , as opposed to a generic hard drive that you could add to your PS3 .
iSuppli guesses that the prepped 360 drives are then sent along to a Value Added Retailer , which applies casing and packaging before tacking it its own fee and sending the drives along to Microsoft .
Estimating the markup , iSuppli figures that Microsoft might be paying as much as $ 100 for a 360 hard drive .
Microsoft then suggests a price for retail , which in this case is $ 180 .
Is that a fair price for the ability to simply plug it in and have it work ?
Image courtesy Microsoft
Hardware Analyst Breaks Down Cost of Xbox 360's 120 GB Hard Drive [ MTV ]
A bold new voice in nature writing , from the front lines of Britain 's rewilding movement
“ [ Gow ] is feisty , funny , and committed to restoring an ecosystem .
. . .
The author 's whimsical hand drawings , along with his voluminous vocabulary , make this book a treasure . "
— Booklist
Take a listen to the following excerpt from the audiobook of Bringing Back the Beaver
When hundreds of experts gather in San Jose this week for the country ’s first and biggest plug - in hybrid conference , the tone of the gathering will reveal a dramatic change .
Automakers , utility representatives and policy - makers will be talking when , not if , at Plug - in 2008 .
Asked whether plug - in hybrids , also known as plug - in hybrid electric vehicles , or PHEVs , are inevitable as production vehicles , Mark Duvall of the Electric Power Research Institute ( EPRI ) in Palo Alto answered with cautious optimism that sounded more optimistic than guarded .
“ I would never say 100 percent until I can kick the tires myself , but I ’m as optimistic as I ’ve even been in 15 or so years with this subject , ” Duvall said .
Like traditional hybrids , a plug - in hybrid has both batteries and a gasoline engine , and can operate on either or both .
Unlike traditional hybrids , plug-ins have larger battery packs and a plug that allows for household charging , meaning they can travel much farther on electricity .
And while a hybrid such as the Prius can only go a few miles at low speeds solely on electricity , plug - in advocates envision vehicles with 20 to 40 miles of battery - only transportation range .
Duvall is one of the speakers at Plug - in 2008 , which runs today through Thursday at the San Jose McEnery Convention Center , and is organized by a host of supporters , including the Silicon Valley Leadership Group , Pacific Gas & Electric and EPRI .
The event is n’t open to the public but does include a public session Tuesday night .
Representatives from General Motors , Toyota and Ford will be on hand .
So will officials from PG&E and Southern California Edison ; battery - makers ; government researchers ; and plug - in advocates .
And former Intel Chief Executive and Chairman Andy Grove , who writes and speaks publicly about his fondness for plug-ins , which he calls dual - fuel cars , will give the keynote address Tuesday .
It ’s an important topic in Silicon Valley , one of the largest markets for the Toyota Prius , the best - selling hybrid and a poster child for those embracing green living .
“ We ’re a very receptive market for new technologies that can make a substantial difference regarding climate change , ” said Laura Stuchinsky , who also will speak at the conference .
Until recently , she headed up the Silicon Valley Leadership Group push to promote production of plug - in hybrids .
She ’s now the sustainability officer for the city of San Jose ’s transportation department .
At this point , the consensus is that GM and Toyota will be offering plug - in hybrids by late 2010 or early 2011 .
Other automakers are expected to follow .
Media reports suggest that GM will unveil a production version of its Chevrolet Volt , which it describes as a range - extended electric car , as soon as September .
The Detroit automaker says the Volt will have a small gasoline engine to extend the range of the vehicle ’s lithium - ion battery pack .
It also says it can be charged via a 110 - volt plug .
Meanwhile , Toyota is currently testing plug - in versions of the Prius in France , Japan and the United States .
About a half - dozen of the cars are being evaluated at Toyota ’s U.S. headquarters in Torrance as well as by researchers at the University of California campuses in Berkeley and Irvine , said Jaycie Chitwood , senior strategic planner for Toyota ’s advanced technology vehicle group .
Those who have driven the car have had positive reactions , Chitwood said , although they question why the vehicle can only travel seven miles on electricity .
The car ’s next - generation battery will improve on that , she said .
“ It ’s very smooth , seamless , ” Chitwood said .
“ You feel like you ’re driving a Prius plus . ”
But with the increasing hype about the potential of plug-ins , Toyota feels the need to reign in expectations a bit , she said .
“ We want to make sure people understand what plug-ins are , and what they are n’t , ” she said .
“ We still believe that hybrids will be our core technology going forward . ”
If Felix Kramer has anything to do with it , plug -ins will be a way of life .
Kramer founded the California Car Initiative , better known for its Web URL , CalCars.org , to promote plug - in hybrids .
Based in Palo Alto , Kramer drives a converted Prius emblazoned with “ 100 + MPG ” on its sides .
The movement toward the vehicles has reached “ a consolidation moment , ” Kramer said .
From 2010 to 2012 , he expects to see an increasing number of plug - in hybrids from big car companies on the road .
“ The carmakers are in a race , ” Kramer said .
“ All the important constituents agree this is a good idea , and they ’re trying to figure out how to make it happen on a large scale and rapidly . ”
The state party proposes a 69 - 59 delegate split .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
HOUSTON  Lawyers for a Texas inmate facing execution next week filed court papers on Thursday accusing the judge at his double - murder trial of having an affair with the prosecutor .
The papers , filed in the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals , argue that the relationship between the judge , Verla Sue Holland , and the man who was district attorney of Collin County , Tom O’Connell , should nullify the conviction of the inmate , Charles Hood , in 1990 .
The filing says that Judge Holland had a “ personal and direct interest in the outcome of the case ” and that “ the wall of silence that has long protected Judge Holland must now come down . ”
“ Under these circumstances , ” Gregory Wiercioch , Mr. Hood ’s lead lawyer , said in an interview , “ Judge Holland had a clear duty to let the parties know about her relationship and to recuse herself , because anybody knowing these facts would be shocked that she presided over this capital murder trial . ”
Californian gay couples marry Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Same - sex couples in California have exchanged vows following a court ruling legalising gay marriage in the state .
The ceremonies took place after the Californian Supreme Court overturned a ban on same - sex unions .
Jane Hadden reports .
SEE ALSO Californian gay couples marry ( 01.28 ) MOST POPULAR VIDEO / AUDIO Editor 's Choice Improvements to the BBC News Website
With the colder months just around the corner , you might want to start thinking about investing in an indoor or outdoor heater .
Indoor heaters not only provide a boost of heat for drafty spaces , but they can also be a money - saver , allowing you to actively control the heat based on the rooms you ’re using .
Outdoor heaters , meanwhile , can help you take advantage of cold - weather activities like camping or tailgating without having to call it quits because your extremities have gone numb .
Check out this list of some of Amazon ’s highest - rated indoor and outdoor heaters so you can spend less time shivering this winter and more time enjoying what the season has to offer .
Indoor Heaters
1. Lasko Ceramic Portable Heater ; $ 20
Lasko / Amazon
This 1500 - watt heater from Lasko may only be nine inches tall , but it can heat up to 300 square feet of space .
With 11 temperature settings and three quiet settings — for high heat , low heat , and fan only — it ’s a dynamic powerhouse that ’ll keep you toasty all season long .
Buy it : Amazon
2. Alrocket Oscillating Space Heater ; $ 25
Alrocket / Amazon
Alrocket ’s oscillating space heater is an excellent addition to any desk or nightstand .
Using energy - saving ceramic technology , this heater is made of fire - resistant material , and its special “ tip - over ” safety feature forces it to turn off if it falls over ( making it a reliable choice for homes with kids or pets ) .
It ’s extremely quiet , too — at only 45 dB , it ’s just a touch louder than a whisper .
According to one reviewer , this an ideal option for a “ very quiet but powerful ” heater .
Buy it : Amazon
3. De’Longhi Oil - Filled Radiator Space Heather ; $ 79
De’Longhi/ Amazon
If you prefer a space heater with a more old - fashioned vibe , this radiator heater from De’Longhi gives you 2020 technology with a vintage feel .
De’Longhi ’s heater automatically turns itself on when the temperatures drops below 44°F , and it will also automatically turn itself off if it starts to overheat .
Another smart safety feature ?
The oil system is permanently sealed , so you wo n’t have to worry about accidental spills .
Buy it : Amazon
4. Aikoper Ceramic Tower Heater ; $ 70
Aikoper / Amazon
Whether your room needs a little extra warmth or its own heat source , Aikoper ’s incredibly precise space heater has got you covered .
With a range of 40 - 95 °F , it adjusts by one - degree intervals , giving you the specific level of heat you want .
It also has an option for running on an eight - hour timer , ensuring that it will only run when you need it .
Buy it : Amazon
5. Isiler Space Heater ; $ 37
Isiler / Amazon
For a space heater that adds a fun pop of color to any room , check out this yellow unit from Isiler .
Made from fire - resistant ceramic , Isiler ’s heater can start warming up a space within seconds .
It ’s positioned on a triangular stand that creates an optimal angle for hot air to start circulating , rendering it so effective that , as one reviewer put it , “ This heater needs to say ‘ mighty ’ in its description . ”
Buy it : Amazon
Outdoor Heaters
6. Mr. Heater Portable Buddy ; $ 104
Mr. Heater / Amazon
Make outdoor activities like camping and grilling last longer with Mr. Heater ’s indoor / outdoor portable heater .
This heater can connect to a propane tank or to a disposable cylinder , allowing you to keep it in one place or take it on the go .
With such a versatile range of uses , this heater will — true to its name — become your best buddy when the temperature starts to drop .
Buy it : Amazon
7. Hiland Pyramid Patio Propane Heater ; Various
Hiland / Amazon
The cold ’s got nothing on this powerful outdoor heater .
Hiland ’s patio heater has a whopping 40,000 BTU output , which runs for eight to 10 hours on high heat .
Simply open the heater ’s bottom door to insert a propane tank , power it on , and sit back to let it warm up your backyard .
The bright , contained flame from the propane doubles as an outdoor light .
Buy it : Amazon
8. Solo Stove Bonfire Pit ; $ 345
Solo Stove / Amazon
This one is a slight cheat since it ’s a bonfire pit and not a traditional outdoor heater , but the Solo Stove has a 4.7 - star rating on Amazon for a reason .
Everything about this portable fire pit is meticulously crafted to maximize airflow while it 's lit , from its double - wall construction to its bottom air vents .
These features all work together to help the logs burn more completely while emitting far less smoke than other pits .
It ’s the best choice for anyone who wants both warmth and ambiance on their patio .
Buy it : Amazon
9. Dr. Infrared Garage Shop Heater ; $ 119
Dr. Infrared / Amazon
You ’ll be able to use your garage or basement workshop all season long with this durable heater from Dr. Infrared .
It ’s unique in that it includes a built - in fan to keep warm air flowing — something that ’s especially handy if you need to work without wearing gloves .
The fan is overlaid with heat and finger - protectant grills , keeping you safe while it ’s powered on .
Buy it : Amazon
10 . Mr. Heater 540 Degree Tank Top ; $ 86
Mr. Heater / Amazon
Mr. Heater ’s clever propane tank top automatically connects to its fuel source , saving you from having to bring any extra attachments with you on the road .
With three heat settings that can get up to 45,000 BTU , the top can rotate 360 degrees to give you the perfect angle of heat you need to stay cozy .
According to a reviewer , for a no- fuss outdoor heater , “ This baby is super easy to light , comes fully assembled … and man , does it put out the heat . ”
Buy it : Amazon
Sign Up Today :
Get exclusive deals , product news , reviews , and more with the Mental Floss Smart Shopping newsletter !
This article contains affiliate links to products selected by our editors .
Mental Floss may receive a commission for purchases made through these links .
Study skills for Economics students
Our site Studying Economics has tips including writing and referencing , revision , and help with maths .
Know your rights ; respect others ' .
This short video explains your rights to use material found online .
Click in the bottom right to view full - screen .
Bill would rein in trading in energy futures
San Francisco's own Sen , Dianne Feinstein is introducing legislation forbidding recipients of federal bailout largess ?
Wells Fargo got $ 25 billion , you will recall ?
from using any of that money for lobbying purposes .
Senate Intelligence Committee member Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D - Cailf. , talks with reporters on Capitol Hill in Washington , Thursday , April 24,2008 , following a closed - door briefing of the committee .
( AP Photo / Susan Walsh ) less San Francisco 's own Sen , Dianne Feinstein is introducing legislation forbidding recipients of federal bailout largess ?
Wells Fargo got $ 25 billion , you will recall ?
from using any of that money for lobbying ... more Photo : Susan Walsh , AP Photo : Susan Walsh , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Bill would rein in trading in energy futures 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
As gas prices continue to soar , Congress is preparing to rein in speculative trading in energy futures markets by major institutional investors and hedge funds , which is seen as a key factor in driving up oil prices .
Legislation introduced Friday by Sens. Dianne Feinstein , D - Calif. , and Ted Stevens , R - Alaska , would require the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to set limits on how much these investors - including pension and retirements funds - can invest in certain commodity markets .
The commission already sets limits on the holdings any one investor can have in a commodity to prevent speculation .
But many larger institutional investors have exploited an exemption that allows them to bypass those limits if they make the trades through dealers or brokers .
" This gives institutional investors an unfair advantage in the marketplace - and is contributing to the skyrocketing energy market prices , " Feinstein said .
" It 's time to level the playing field and require position limits for all investors . "
Major institutional investors have flocked to invest in commodity markets in recent years .
Since 2003 , investment in commodity index funds , run by banks like Goldman Sachs , has grown from $ 13 billion to $ 260 billion , a twentyfold increase .
Energy expert Daniel Yergin has said , " Oil has become the ' new gold ' - a financial asset in which investors seek refuge as inflation rises and the dollar weakens . "
But lawmakers and some energy analysts say the avalanche of investment has distorted these markets and raised the prices that consumers pay for gas and food staples like rice and corn .
Michael Masters , a portfolio manager , told Congress last month that index speculators had bought the equivalent of 1.1 billion barrels of oil - eight times as much as the United States has added to the Strategic Petroleum Reserve over the last five years .
Speculators also had purchased enough corn futures to fuel the entire U.S. ethanol production for a year .
Masters said the strategy is to buy futures contracts for items in limited supply and hold them - which he called " virtual hoarding . "
" Individually , these participants are not acting with malicious intent , " he said .
" Collectively , however , their impact reaches into the wallets of every American consumer . "
The Feinstein - Stevens bill would require the commodities commission to review the trading practices of these major investors within 30 days to make sure that speculation is not undermining the markets .
The measure also would determine whether more regulations are needed and ask the commission to recommend legislation that would enhance its enforcement powers .
But the bill is modest compared with some proposals being considered by lawmakers : Sen. Joe Lieberman , independent - Conn. , who has been holding hearings on speculation , said he is working on legislation that would bar large institutional investors from the commodity markets .
The commission announced last month that it plans to increase its monitoring of traders and investors in commodity markets to " ensure that the U.S. energy futures markets function properly and operate free from manipulation and abuse . "
Feinstein also has co-sponsored a bill with Sen. Dick Durbin , D - Ill. , and other Senate Democrats that would increase the agency 's regulatory authority and boost its enforcement budget .
Durbin said this week that the bill is a way to put more cops on the beat to investigate possible market manipulation .
" At this point , we simply do n't know what role speculation or manipulation is playing in price increases , " he said .
" We simply can't waste any more time before getting to the bottom of this . "
Market speculation proposals may be the most likely legislation to pass in a Congress that has been sharply split over energy policy along partisan lines .
Democrats have blocked Republican efforts to boost drilling , and the GOP has defeated efforts by Democrats to impose a windfall profits tax on the oil industry .
But several GOP senators said last week they were open to new measures to target speculation .
Stevens , a longtime ally of the oil industry , indicated Friday that he is ready to bring the hammer down on Wall Street interests that have profited from the run-up in oil prices .
" These unsustainable fuel prices are crippling the economy , and runaway speculation has a hand in bringing the cost of a barrel of oil towards $ 150 , " Stevens said .
Microsoft has launched a programme aimed at stemming the growing Linux tide on ultra low - cost PCs , but has some rather onerous terms if manufacturers want to play .
According to an article written by an IDG writer and published over at PC World , the software giant is so worried by the rapid growth in commercial Linux distribution caused by the boom in low - cost laptop devices like the Asus Eee PC that it is willing to offer cut - price copies of Windows XP Home Edition to manufacturers that may otherwise have bundled the open - source OS on their gadgets .
In order to prevent sales of the we 'll - be - killing - it - any - day - now - honest last - generation XP operating system cutting in to the Windows Vista cash - cow , Microsoft will only allow ULPC vendors to bundle XP if they agree to a certain limitations on the hardware side of things : the screen has to be 10.2 ” or smaller , the device is limited to 1GB of RAM and a single - core processor of 1GHz or less , the hard drive – whether mechanical or solid - state – has to store under 80 GB , and there 's no sneaking a touch - screen on the device either .
It 's clear from the restrictions that Microsoft is concerned about sales of low - cost hardware running Window XP slowing uptake of its new Vista operating system , and that the restrictions are in place to prevent a switched - on company from offering full - scale laptops supplied with XP – the OS that would n't die – to home users who are n't ready for the move to Vista quite yet .
An un-named Microsoft official quoted in the original article claims that manufacturers currently offering Linux on their low - cost devices “ At the risk of turning this article into a “ woo , desktop Linux is on its way ! ” piece , it 's hard to interpret Microsoft 's move as anything other than a panicked attempt to prevent the open - source operating system from stealing any more ground in a market the company barely knew existed .
While Linux may have a way to go before it ' sready for mainstream use as the primary desktop OS for most , it 's clearly at the point where it's more than adequate for a second computer – and that little fact clearly has Microsoft worried .
If given the option , what would you buy : a Windows XP ULPC , knowing that the hardware has been deliberately limited in order to appease the guys in Redmond ; or a Linux - based unit , which is only limited by the budgetary constraints of its makers but that might take someone used to Windows a little while to get used to ?
Share your thoughts over in the forums
Sprinting to the finish
Django 1.0 is about two months away — time to get cracking !
Update July 15 : added details about the August 1st sprint , which will be in Washington , DC .
To help get everything done by the deadline , we 'll be holding a series of sprints .
Over the next six weeks we 'll hold sprints in Sausalito , Lawrence , Austin , Washington , DC , and Portland , and virtually all over the world .
Each sprint day we 'll devote at least 24 hours of focused work .
Each sprint will be on a Friday , though work will likely continue at a fair clip into the weekend .
Anybody is invited to participate and contribute .
If you 've never contributed to Django before , this is a perfect way to start .
If you 're interested , check out our page all about Django development sprints , and check out the details of each particular sprint :
We hope you 'll join us — in person , or virtually !
Remnants of the bacterium that causes stomach ulcers , Helicobacter pylori , ( H. pylori ) have been discovered in gastric tissue from North American mummies .
A study of human remains believed to predate Columbus ' discovery of the New World has shown for the first time that H. pylori infection occurred in native populations , according to research published in BioMed Central 's open access journal , BMC Microbiology .
Yolanda Lòpez - Vidal and colleagues from the National Autonomous University of Mexico studied the stomach , tongue - soft palate and brains of two naturally mummified corpses - one young boy and one adult male .
The researchers looked for the presence of telltale fragments of H. pylori DNA in the remains after amplification by polymerase chain reaction ( PCR ) .
According to Lòpez - Vidal , " Our results show that H. pylori infections occurred around 1350 AD in the area we now know as Mexico " .
Although previous research has suggested that H. pylori was present in these communities , this is the first evidence that it caused gastric infections .
Lòpez - Vidal explains , " It is only through the use of the stomach tissue of these incredible mummies that we were able to make this discovery .
Infection is established when the micro-organism infiltrates the stomach lining and induces a local inflammatory response .
This is unlike colonisation , which does not cause such a response and does not occur in the stomach " .
As well as stomach ulcers , H. pylori causes gastritis , duodenitis , and cancer .
It is a helix - shaped bacteria that is believed to be transmitted by the ingestion of food or water contaminated with faecal matter .
###
LONDON , England ( CNN ) -- Iran agreed Friday to enter into talks with the European Union about its nuclear program before the end of the month , Iranian state - run media said .
Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki says Iran will maintain a " constructive approach " to diplomacy .
The EU , which recently placed sanctions on Iran , has offered a package of political , economic and security incentives to Iran if it halts uranium enrichment .
Iran 's top nuclear negotiator , Saeed Jalili , called EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana to tell him the response to that offer was coming , according to Iran 's Islamic Republic News Agency , and Solana 's office characterized Jalili 's tone as friendly and positive .
The EU has proposed suspending further sanctions if Iran takes a six - week break from installing or manufacturing any more centrifuges that enrich uranium .
Iran would be allowed to continue to run the more than 3,000 centrifuges it already has but could not manufacture more .
Watch what a deal could mean »
Jalili said Iran is delivering the response to Solana ; to the five members of the U.N. Security Council , the United States , Britain , China , France , and Russia ; and to Germany , which has helped lead nuclear negotiations .
Iran 's Mehr News Agency quoted an unnamed Iranian official as saying that Iran 's response was signed by Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki .
The source said Jalili and Solana will hold talks sometime before July 22 .
The potential deal comes as a senior Iranian military commander was quoted as saying any attack on Iran 's nuclear facilities would begin a war , according to the Islamic Republic News Agency .
Western nations and Israel share concerns that Iran is intent on developing nuclear weapons .
Iran insists that it wants to pursue nuclear power for energy production only .
Iran 's Foreign Minister Mottaki said Thursday that the country will consider at least temporarily halting part of its uranium enrichment program as part of an effort to persuade the world to " look to Iran through a different lens . "
Iran " is committed to its constructive approach and the resolution of regional and international affairs and problems , " Mottaki said in an interview with CNN 's Fareed Zakaria to be aired Sunday .
" We believe that the nature of our exchanges , both in format and in substance , were different than of previous times , " he said of talks with the EU .
" So I believe that we are now in a new environment with a new approaching perspective , so allow us time to begin this process to make the necessary planning for it , " he said .
Mottaki also suggested Iran would never launch an unprovoked attack on Israel -- in contrast to some interpretations of past comments by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
" We will defend our own country in the case of any attack or invasion or any threat .
And the history of the past several thousand years of our land , Iran , demonstrates that our country has never initiated an invasion or an attack that was carried out by the Iranian people against another people in the region , " said Mottaki , in New York to attend a United Nations meeting .
Meanwhile , Gen. Mohammed Ali-Jaafari , commander of Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps , said Thursday that Iran would respond to any attack , according to a report Friday from the Islamic Republic News Agency .
" Any act on Iran will be considered [ a ] start of war , " Ali -Jaafari said .
Israel , long concerned that Iran wants to attack it , reportedly is weighing a unilateral strike against the Islamic Republic .
Israel conducted a military exercise in the eastern Mediterranean in early June involving dozens of warplanes and aerial tankers .
The distance involved in the exercise was roughly the same as would be required for a possible strike on the Iranian nuclear fuel plant at Natanz , a U.S. military official said .
Israel destroyed a nuclear facility in Iraq in 1981 and a suspected nuclear site in Syria last year .
Iran does not recognize Israel and Ahmadinejad has repeatedly predicted the end of its government -- once calling Israeli leadership " a stinking corpse . "
The United States has had no diplomatic presence in Iran since the 1979 takeover of the U.S. Embassy in Tehran and , in 2002 , President Bush branded the nation part of an " axis of evil . "
But in an apparent reference to the U.S. presidential election , Mottaki said that new leadership could mean a chance for Iran to improve relations .
" We hear new voices in America ; we see new approaches , " he said .
" And we think that the rational thinkers in America can , based on these new approaches , see the reality as it is . "
CNN 's Christiane Amanpour and journalist Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .
All About Iran • Israel • Nuclear Energy • European Union
Thursday , 24 Apr , 2008 Technology
In his novel , entitled " Earthlight , " the famous Arthur C. Clarke brought fame to a new type of weapon .
Today this weapon is being developed by Pentagon 's DARPA ( Defence Advanced Research Projects Agency ) .
The weapon that will most probably turn the writer 's dangerous ideas into reality is entitled Magneto Hydrodynamic Explosive Munition ( MAHEM ) .
One of the key parts of the novel , written in 1955 , focuses on the confrontation between a lunar fortress and 3 spacecrafts assaulting it .
During the battle , the defending commander launches " The Stiletto , " which is characterized as a solid bar of light that strikes through one of the spacecrafts just like " an entomologist pierces a butterfly with a pin . "
In the novel , the Stiletto represents " a jet of molten metal , hurled through space at several hundred kilometers per second by the most powerful electro - magnets ever built . "
The new weapon created by one of Pentagon 's divisions applies the same principle as the weapon from the novel .
By using magnetic fields the Magneto Hydrodynamic Explosive Munition will thrust either a narrow jet of molten metal or a large piece of molten metal that metamorphoses into an aerodynamic bullet during flight .
However , different from the weapon characterized in the novel , the DARPA weapon will make them from a device that creates a powerful electromagnetic field using an explosion and not huge capacitors .
MAHEM prototype is similar to weapons that already use explosions to shoot out a jet of high - velocity molten metal on collision .
Just like the High - Explosive Anti-Tank ( HEAT ) devices , the MAHEM is now foreseen as a tool brought by a missile , rather than a cannon .
According to specialists from DARPA , the weapon could be enclosed into a missile or projectile and carried close to the target for collision and demolition .
The new weapon will be useful against tanks and other missiles .
It is also likely to be applied against spaceships .
Powered by www.infoniac.com
Former Revenue and Customs boss Paul Gray was praised for “ doing the decent thing ” when two disks containing the child benefit details of 25 million people were lost in the post last November . [ >
[>
He was handed a lump sum pay - off of £ 137,591 .
But yesterday it emerged that he is still being paid £ 7,000 a month and will continue to do so until his 60th birthday on August 2 .
He will then be entitled to claim his pension from a pot of £ 2 million . [ >
[>
HM Revenue and Customs ’ annual accounts , published this week , reveal Mr Gray scooped a total of £ 306,883 after the scandal . [>
Finally , every smoker ’s dream came true , a cigarette that ’s not bad for you .
E -cigarette reviews say Gamucci is a device that looks , feels and tastes like a real cigarette but does n’t hurt you , the ones around you or the environment .
It ’s a rechargeable device that uses sophisticated micro-electronic technology to deliver a true smoking experience , only without the tobacco smoke and tar that contain over 4.000 toxins .
It contains water , propylene glycol , nicotine and tobacco scent and , instead of exhaling smoke , you exhale harmless vapors .
So your body receives all the nicotine it craves but without all the other nasty stuff , it ’s a dream come true and best of all you can legally smoke it indoors .
One rechargeable Gamucci cartridge is the equivalent of 20 cigarettes and the device ’s battery lasts a whole day , when used with normal use ( whatever that means ) .
If you ’d like to know more about this revolutionary device and even order one click the link at the bottom .
Source
Should there be a formal separation of Corporation and State that is similar to the separation of Church and State , in our Constitution ?
This is a subject I am thinking about a lot lately .
It occurred to me while I was listening to President Bill Clinton 's speech at the 2003 Fortune Brainstorm conference in Aspen last week ...
Imagine what our nation would be like if there were no Separation of Church and State ?
This basic principle has ensured that our American democracy has remained unbiased toward any particular religion ; it has also protected religions from getting overly involved in politics .
When our Constitution was formulated it made sense to add in this protection , because the Church was one of the main political forces of the time and posed a very real threat to democracy .
But when our Constitution was designed corporations had not emerged as a major political force .
For this reason no protections were added to the Constitution against manipulation from corporate interests .
However today we live in a very different world , a world of giant global corporations with billions of dollars to lobby with .
Is the integrity of our democracy threatened by the influence of corporate special interests ?
Are our national decision - makers being influenced by corporate entities ?
And if so , is this really democratic ; are We The People really being represented fairly in this process ?
It may be time to introduce the notion of a formal Separation of Corporation and State to protect our democracy from being overrun by corporate influence .
I have written a full article on this subject which , if it does n't get published elsewhere , I will post to this Bog .
This is the second part of InfoQ's RubyKaigi 2008 coverage , for the first part , see the discussion with Matz .
Ruby Standardization
Yukihiro " Matz " Matsumoto expressed his intention to standardize Ruby .
The aims of the standardization are to improve the compatibility between different Ruby implementations like JRuby and IronRuby and to ease Ruby 's way into the Japanese government , which in 2007 announced guidelines to use open standards rather than specific products .
Matz plans to hand in the standard to the ISO ( International Organization for Standardization ) , however , a concrete date has not yet been determined — only that it will " at least take a couple of years for standardization " .
Ruby 1.9x Roadmap
On the second day of the conference , Koichi Sasada — the developer of YARV — unveiled the roadmap for Ruby 1.9 x and announced his plans to release the stable version 1.9.1 by Christmas 2008 .
The currently available Ruby 1.9.0 was always intended to be a development release , whereas 1.9.1 is planned to be the first stable release from the 1.9 series , and therefore to be used in production .
On the same day , the updated versions 1.9.0 - 2 , 1.8.7-p22 , 1.8.6-p230 , and 1.8.5 - p231 were released too .
The roadmap for 1.9 is shown below :
Jul 25 1.9.0-3
Aug 25 1.9.0 -4
Sep 25 1.9.0 - 5 ( feature freeze )
Oct 25 1.9.0-6 ( 1.9.1 RC1 )
Nov 25 1.9.0 -7 ( 1.9.1 RC2 )
Dec 20 1.9.1
The Next Ruby
Koichi Sasada also talked about possible features that might get implemented in future versions of Ruby .
Some analysts said the reasons for the recent spike in prices were speculation and higher demand for specific refined products , notably diesel .
“ We ’re not in an energy crisis , we ’re not short of oil , we ’ve got a refinery shortfall , ” said John Hall , managing director of the consultancy John Hall Associates in Horsham , Britain .
He blamed speculators and certain banks for “ talking up ” the crude price and seeking to benefit from it .
The market appears to be well supplied with crude oil , he said , citing as an example reports that Iran has been unable to sell some of its heavy crude .
The main issue is a shortage of diesel , distillate and similar products because of refinery constraints and higher demand from power stations in Asia and the Middle East , Mr. Hall said .
These factors make it harder to predict where the price of oil will go .
But further out , Mr. Hall said , demand and price will fall as Western consumers change their behavior as a result of higher prices , as more nuclear power comes on stream and as the effect of the removal of subsidies in Asia is felt .
Others are far more bullish .
Alexei Miller , the chief executive of the Russian energy giant Gazprom , forecast a crude price of $ 250 a barrel for “ the foreseeable future , ” Reuters reported Tuesday from Deauville , France .
That will mean sharply higher gas prices for Europe , he added .
A crude oil price below $ 100 a barrel , he said , would still mean that extraction from deep wells , tar sands and shale would be profitable and it would also trigger new investment .
By contrast , the energy agency said that the recent abnormally high price was largely explained by fundamentals .
It agreed that the supply shortfall was in diesel , meaning more investment was urgently needed in the refining system .
Click to view
This is a leaked official RIAA training video produced with the National District Attorneys Association telling U.S. prosecutors why they should bust music pirates :
Because it 'll lead them to " everything from handguns to large quantities of cocaine [ and ] marijuana , " not to mention terrorists and murderers !
The whole video is over 60 minutes long — these are just two of the more outrageous minutes with Jim Dedman , from the NDAA , interviewing Deborah Robinson and Frank Walters from the RIAA about the benefits of going SWAT on music pirates .
At one point , Walters says the piracy / drug connection can be so bad that you get asked " When you buy a CD , would you like it with or without — the with is enclosing a piece of crack or whatever the case may be . "
WASHINGTON  Before the anticlimactic demise on Friday of legislation to combat global warming , the Senate majority leader , Harry Reid , Democrat of Nevada , called climate change “ the most important issue facing the world today . ”
Senator George V. Voinovich , Republican of Ohio , a critic of the bill , nonetheless called it “ the most significant piece of legislation to ever come out of the Environment and Public Works Committee . ”
Senator Barbara Boxer , Democrat of California , said the effort to limit heat - trapping gases was “ one of the greatest challenges of our generation . ”
Senator Barack Obama of Illinois , the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee , said in a statement , “ The future of our planet is at stake . ”
And even Senator James M. Inhofe , Republican of Oklahoma , the leading opponent of the legislation , called it “ probably the largest bill ever considered by the Senate in its impact on the economy and our way of life . ”
And so it was , with a chorus of Senate voices having proclaimed the urgency and importance of the issue that the Great Climate Change Debate of 2008 ended on Friday morning , after three and a half days , with a procedural vote that effectively shelved the bill until next year .
A motion by Democrats to end debate and move to a final vote , requiring 60 votes to succeed , fell far short , with 48 senators in favor and 36 against .
As a result of my post the other day for the best free software for Macs , I got a few requests for free software for Windows users .
And although I have not used a Windows machine in years , here is what I could come up with by looking around and asking friends who are Windows users .
I am no Windows pro , so let me know if there is anything else that should be added to the list ( or taken off ) !
Word / Spreadsheet Processing
Open Office
AbiWord
Edit Pad
Google Docs
Image Editing
GIMP
Paint.NET
Blender
Instant Messenging
Pidgin
Google Talk
Mini AIM
Blogging / HTML
FileZilla
WordPress
Sitemeter
Google Analytics
Audio
Audacity
MP3 Gain
Video
MPlayer for Windows
Miro
VLC
Handbrake
Web Browsing
Firefox
KMeleon
Explorer
Avant Browser
Opera
Personal Organization
Free Mind
Essential PIM
RSS Readers
RSSOwl
Feed Reader
Blog Bridge
Google Reader
No related posts .
Ever since the game originally released , fans have been eager to receive any type of update they can get their hands on .
The reason for this is that the game , as many would agree , did n’t look its best upon release with multiple issues and bugs borderline ruining the experience for diehard fans who have waited a long time for the game to come out .
The fact that the game ’s developer BioWare has listened can be deduced from the release of the latest patch , patch 1.06 .
According to the developer , there are multiple improvements in this patch that make the game overall better , but they failed in specifically explaining what it is that they ’ve changed or fixed .
The patch ’s change log is n’t of much help and the only information players have managed to find regarding this patch is the ambiguous sort that only creates more questions instead of answering them .
For example , according to BioWare , players should expect “ various improvements ” in the cinematic scenes that take place in the opening hours of the game experience .
If that does n’t sound like a lot to go on , it ’s because it is n’t .
There are also some others changes and fixes that take place in this patch .
Here are some more concrete details on what to expect from patch 1.06 .
Patch 1.06 contents
Cinematic scenes are improved in the game ’s opening sequences ;
The dialogue wheel will not grey out options if there ’s dialogue to be heard still ;
A bug where SAM announces that Ryder has email when it ’s not true has also been fixed ;
Various performance and stability issues have been addressed ;
The chest armor in the game now comes will level requirements .
Extra content for Deluxe and Super Deluxe
There are two version of the game that will be getting an upgrade thanks to the new patch as well .
Owners of these two versions will be receiving some in - game goodies .
There will be 2 new skins available for the Nomad , and a new outfit labeled “ casual Pathfinder ” .
Additionally , the multiplayer element will also benefit on these version by receiving a pack that grants high chances of getting ultra-rare goods .
New multiplayer changes
BioWare also announced that it is planning to overhaul the multiplayer aspect of the game in the sense that it will be balancing out the power of the game ’s weapons .
The underperforming state of multiple weapons caused most players to rely on just two more common weapons thus impacting the game negatively at Gold and Silver levels by amounting to a low total damage output .
This has been addressed in patch 1.06 and will receive further support in following updates .
Dr. Michael E. DeBakey , a medical pioneer who was the driving force in developing the field of cardiac surgery , operating on more than 60,000 patients and developing medical technology that saved millions more , has died .
He was 99 .
DeBakey died Friday at Methodist Hospital in Houston , the Baylor College of Medicine and Methodist Hospital announced , without specifying the cause of death .
In his highly influential career , DeBakey performed the first coronary artery bypass surgery and the first carotid endarterectomy to prevent strokes .
He developed the pump that is the key component of the heart - and - lung machines routinely used on patients during heart surgery and an artificial heart now used to keep patients alive while they wait for their own heart to improve .
He also developed the concept of the mobile army surgical hospital -- immortalized in the film “ M* A * S * H . ”
He also played a key role in the creation of the National Library of Medicine and transformed the Baylor College of Medicine and its Texas Medical Center from a third - rate hospital into a nationally recognized center of excellence for heart care .
Advertisement
He was the go - to guy for the rich and the famous , caring for Presidents Kennedy , Johnson and Nixon , Russian President Boris N. Yeltsin , shipping tycoon Aristotle Onassis and comedian Jerry Lewis , among others .
But he was equally solicitous of the non-celebrity patients who passed through his surgical suite , spending time with their families and often staying overnight in his office when he thought a patient might be in danger .
Yeltsin called him “ a magician of the heart , ” and the Journal of the American Medical Assn. said many consider him to be the “ the greatest surgeon ever . ”
“ His contributions have been enormous , and he will leave an amazing legacy , ” said Dr. Claude Lenfant , director of the National Heart , Lung and Blood Institute .
Unlike many of his famous contemporaries , DeBakey “ has exported his know - how to the world . ”
“ There is no question that he was one of the pioneers of cardiovascular surgery in the last half of the 20th century , ” Dr. Denton Cooley , president and surgeon - in - chief at the Texas Heart Institute in Houston and longtime DeBakey rival , said Saturday .
Advertisement
The heart was a virtually untouchable organ when DeBakey received his medical degree , and cardiovascular surgery was little more than a glint in the eyes of a few physicians .
He trained as a general surgeon under the mentorship of Dr. Alton Ochsner of Tulane University .
DeBakey first saw a living heart in 1933 , while he was a young intern at New Orleans Charity Hospital .
Police had brought in a young stabbing victim and his pulsating heart could be clearly seen through the opening in his chest .
“ I saw it beating and it was beautiful , a work of art , an awe - inspiring sight , ” he later told United Press International .
“ I still have an almost religious sense when I work on the heart .
It is something God makes and we have yet to duplicate . ”
His creativity was evident early .
While still in medical school , he invented a hand - cranked roller pump to help a researcher study pulse waves in fluids , such as blood .
That device , in which the pump components never touched the fluid , was quickly adapted for use in blood transfusions and other applications .
Eventually , it became the core of the heart - lung machine , invented in 1953 by Dr. John H. Gibbon Jr. , which made coronary artery bypass and other types of heart surgery possible .
Advertisement
After DeBakey joined Baylor in 1948 , he began developing theories and surgical techniques for repairing and replacing diseased arteries .
One of his first interests was repairing aneurysms in the aorta -- dangerous bulges in the main artery that carries blood from the heart to the rest of the body .
Such an aneurysm could be surgically removed , but he needed something to replace the tissue or the aorta would become too small .
DeBakey had purchased at a Houston department store synthetic cloth made of nylon or Orlon , looking for a replacement .
One day , all the store had in stock was a new material called Dacron , so he bought a yard of that instead .
Working on his wife ’s sewing machine , he fashioned the fabric into tubes the same size as blood vessels and implanted them in animals .
They proved ideal .
“ Unlike other materials , the body did not reject Dacron , and tissue was attracted to it , ” he said later .
“ It would hold onto it . ”
He sewed the Dacron graft into the first human patient Sept. 2 , 1954 .
The patient lived 13 more years .
Others since have survived much longer .
Advertisement
DeBakey subsequently convinced a textile manufacturer to begin knitting the Dacron into tubes in the same way that athletic socks are knitted .
He considered this one of his most important achievements -- much more significant than his later work with an artificial heart .
“ How many will receive an artificial heart ? ” he asked .
“ Not many , relative to the millions with heart disease .
“ But look at the literally thousands and thousands of patients who have had [ Dacron graft ] replacement for aneurysms of the aorta and other major arteries , not just in this country , but elsewhere .
Its impact has been enormous . ”
Over the next three decades , DeBakey pioneered techniques for opening clogged arteries and supporting failing hearts or replacing them .
He performed the first carotid endarterectomy in 1953 on a bus driver from Arkansas -- scraping out built - up plaque from the carotid artery so it could not break off and cause a stroke .
Advertisement
In 1964 , he performed the first coronary artery bypass surgery , removing a section of vein from the patient ’s leg and inserting it into the coronary artery to bypass a blocked section .
Two years later , he was the first to implant a left ventricular assist device -- a small pump designed to take some of the load off a failing heart -- inserting it into the chest of a 37 - year - old woman whose heart would not start after surgery .
The pump operated for 10 days while her heart recovered .
The woman lived six years before being killed in a traffic accident .
Two years after that , he performed the first multi-organ transplant , taking a heart , a lung and two kidneys from one donor and placing them in four recipients .
One of DeBakey ’s few failures involved his efforts to develop an artificial heart .
He was one of the first to propose the idea and persuaded the federal government to fund the creation of an implantable gas - powered device .
Advertisement
One of his early collaborators at Baylor was Cooley , a technically brilliant surgeon , but they grew apart because of their strong personalities and competitive natures .
In the early 1960s , Cooley moved his base to St. Luke ’s Episcopal Hospital , across the street from Methodist Hospital , where DeBakey practiced .
On April 4 , 1969 , Cooley implanted an artificial heart into the chest of Haskell Karp , a 47 - year - old printing estimator from Skokie , Ill .
The heart remained in place for 65 hours while a national appeal brought in a donor heart for a transplant , but Karp died 38 hours after the second surgery .
Although Cooley said the heart had been developed in his own laboratory with private funds , it turned out that Dr. Ray Liotta , a heart researcher who had worked in DeBakey ’s lab , covertly brought the device to Cooley .
DeBakey had refused to implant the heart in humans because only three of seven calves receiving the heart had survived , and then only for a maximum of 12 hours .
Cooley said he was trying to save a patient ’s life .
Advertisement
“ But you know , you are trying to save a patient ’s life all the time , ” DeBakey said later .
“ You also have to follow ethical rules . ”
The incident led to a split between him and Cooley , which was healed only last year .
DeBakey ’s research took a different tack after he and Dr. George Noon performed a heart transplant on a NASA engineer in 1984 .
Talking about the newly launched space shuttle with the patient after the surgery , they wondered if it might be possible to adapt the massive impeller pumps used in the shuttle for a heart pump .
After much work , they produced an extremely small left ventricular assist device that is now manufactured by MicroMed Technology of Houston -- and called the MicroMed DeBakey .
The device was first implanted in a patient in Berlin in 1998 and has now been used to assist failing hearts for as long as two years .
It is small enough to be used in young children .
Advertisement
Michael Ellis DeBakey was born Sept. 7 , 1908 , in Lake Charles , La .
His parents , Morris and Raheeja , were of Lebanese descent and immigrated to this country as children .
His father was a successful pharmacist who invested in farms , and theirs was a life of relative wealth .
DeBakey , his brother and three sisters read voraciously and each had devoured the Encyclopedia Britannica before entering college .
DeBakey enrolled at Tulane , where he earned bachelor ’s and medical degrees .
After graduation , he spent two years at the University of Strasbourg in France and the University of Heidelberg in Germany .
That started a lifetime of world travel to promote his cardiovascular techniques .
He spoke French , German and Arabic .
Advertisement
He married Diana Cooper , a nurse he met in New Orleans , and joined the Tulane faculty .
Working again with Ochsner , DeBakey noticed that all the lung cancer patients in their hospital wards were smokers .
At the time , most experts attributed the startling increase in lung cancer cases to the 1918 flu epidemic or exposure to poison gases in World War I .
In 1939 , DeBakey and Ochsner published the first scientific paper linking lung cancer to cigarettes .
When World War II broke out , DeBakey enlisted and joined the U.S. surgeon general ’s staff in Europe , where he lived for a time in the same castle as Gen. George S. Patton .
DeBakey observed that many soldiers died because their wounds could not be treated until they reached a hospital well behind the front lines .
Advertisement
“ I proposed to the surgeon general that we make mobile teams out of the personnel at these hospitals and call them auxiliary surgical units -- they could be moved where needed , ” he told the Journal of the American Medical Assn .
“ We put them in every army , and they were a tremendous success . ”
He also advocated specialized medical and surgical follow - up systems for military veterans , a program that eventually became the Veterans Affairs healthcare system .
He returned to Tulane in 1947 , but left a year later to join the Hoover Commission , which was reorganizing the executive branch of the government .
While there , he often spent time at the Army ’s medical library -- then considered the finest medical library in the nation , despite the fact that it had leaky ceilings and outhouses instead of toilets .
He proposed building a new library but soon learned that the Army was more interested in tanks and guns .
“ And that triggered in my mind that it did n’t belong in the Army -- it was a natural treasure , ” he said .
Advertisement
It was eventually constructed in Bethesda , Md .
Later that year , the Baylor University School of Medicine , as it was then known , tried to get DeBakey to join its faculty , but he turned down the offer twice .
“ They did n’t have any clinical service .
They had no hospital .
They had no residents , no training program in surgery , ” he told the Houston Chronicle .
He ultimately accepted when the university promised him a 20 - bed surgical service at Hermann Hospital and a free hand as chief of surgery .
He quickly became unpopular .
One of his first controversies involved a rule he announced stating that physicians with no training in surgery could not operate at Baylor - affiliated hospitals .
“ No one who is unqualified to do good operations should be allowed to operate , ” he said .
Advertisement
He was also unpopular with the Harris County Medical Society in Houston because of his new ideas -- including the creation of intensive care units at Baylor , establishing new training guidelines for surgeons and admitting black patients -- and his frequent appearances in the local newspapers , something that was then against the society ’s rules .
When the society tried to eject him , he hired attorney Leon Jaworski , who stopped the proceedings with a single letter .
After 20 years as chief of surgery , he became the school ’s chief executive at a time when it was near bankruptcy .
One of his first actions was to sever it from Baylor so that it could accept federal funds for research .
He also spearheaded a campaign that raised $ 30 million to eliminate the school ’s debt .
A foundation he created still contributes $ 2 million a year to the school .
About the same time , he played a key role in the formation of a new Houston high school designed to attract youths , particularly ethnic and racial minorities , into medical professions .
The school is now known as the Michael E. DeBakey High School for Health Professions .
Advertisement
He installed his wife and family in a modest house five minutes from Baylor and lived there for the rest of his life .
“ If I go home after operating and I ’ve lost a patient that day on the operating table , it ’s hard for me to sleep that night , ” he said .
“ I keep thinking about what I could have done or what I might have done to stop it .
Only time gradually eases the pain . ”
His greatest pain came in 1972 , when his wife , Diana , died of a heart attack while he was in surgery .
Three years later , he married a German movie actress , Katrin Fehlhaber .
Their daughter , Olga , was born in 1977 when he was 68 .
On New Year ’s Eve 2005 , when he was 97 , DeBakey diagnosed a sharp pain in his upper chest as a torn aorta .
Home alone , he did not call for help and , when his wife returned , told her that he had pulled a muscle .
Dubious , she called two of his colleagues and he was hospitalized .
Advertisement
Although he initially resisted it because of his age , the surgeons ultimately performed the operation DeBakey had pioneered , installing a Dacron graft to repair the torn aorta in a seven - hour operation .
After a month in intensive care , he ultimately recovered and resumed his busy schedule of writing and travel .
Among his other honors , DeBakey received the Lasker Award for Clinical Research , the Presidential Medal of Freedom with Distinction , the National Medal of Science and , in April , the Congressional Gold Medal .
In addition to his wife and daughter , DeBakey is survived by two of four sons from his first marriage , Michael and Denis ; eight grandchildren ; and two sisters .
--
Advertisement
thomas.maugh@latimes.com
£ 1.7bn of lottery cash still lying idle in the bank
More than £ 1.7 billion of lottery cash for good causes is still yet to be spent
More than £ 1.7 billion of lottery cash intended for good causes is yet to be spent , it has emerged .
The huge surplus remains despite promises by distributors that the cash mountain - raised from ticket sales - would be dramatically reduced .
The Council for the Advancement of Arts , Recreation and Education last night demanded that the majority of the money be pumped into projects which help steer youngsters away from crime .
Campaigners claimed that , as gang and knife violence threatens to spiral out of control , such a move was vital .
CAARE - the only non-Government body with access to lottery accounts - said the Big Lottery Fund was hoarding £ 578 million .
At the end of March , the National Heritage Memorial Fund also had £ 567 million unused , and the Arts Council England £ 155 million .
Sport England had a surplus of almost £ 202 million , and the UK Sports Council £ 18 million .
The total amount - £ 1,707,672,174 - would easily cover the additional £ 675 million currently being raided from good causes to pay for the hugely - inflated cost of the 2012
London Olympics , it said .
Denis Vaughan , president of CAARE , said : ' Without interfering with their income from Camelot , the Prime Minister must use his influence to pressure lottery distribution bodies to invest their massive current surpluses for this urgent purpose , in order to make a real and immediate difference in the fight against gang culture , drug abuse and alcohol excesses . '
The hoarding of huge sums of cash by lottery distributors has been repeatedly highlighted by campaigners and the Daily Mail .
Distributors promised ministers as early as 2001 that balances , then standing at £ 3.4 billion , would fall to £ 1.5 billion by 2004 .
Yet , more than four years on , the pledge remains unfulfilled .
In 2005 , Westminster 's Public Accounts Committee said : ' Lottery money does no good sitting in the National Lottery Distribution Fund .
Their balances are constantly being replenished as lottery tickets continue to be sold . '
A spokesman for CAARE said : ' They are simply not distributing the funds as intended and often miss even their own targets for doing so .
The Big Lottery fund missed its own forecast by an astonishing £ 100 million . '
The organisation has argued the Lottery should give back ' the people 's millions ' by reducing its surplus to around £ 200 million .
A spokesman for the Department for Culture , Media and Sport - which oversees the Lottery - said : ' The balance has been reduced significantly over the years and is over half the size it was in 2002 .
' The money is committed to good causes and ready to be spent when projects need it .
Distributors are taking a prudent approach .'
It was the calm before the storm .
Brokers were sitting at their desks in silence , watching the clock .
The market was going to open in minutes , and huge volume orders would start pouring in .
The developers working for the firm – a mid-size proprietary trading outfit on Wall Street – were already busy ; an order from the previous day should ’ve expired automatically , but did n’t .
It was manually fixed moments after it was discovered .
“ Huh , ” Daniil shrugged , “ I wonder if this has anything to do with the latest release . ”
They ’d just rolled out a minor update to their proprietary trading system .
Daniil had overheard his boss barking at a junior developer that they needed the feature in two days – testing , review , standard processes be damned .
“ Done ” had a higher priority than “ working . ”
Any objections raised by the developers were met with the same reaction you ’d get from a dog after explaining the Pythagorean Theorem – blank , drooling faces .
DING DING DING DING – the market was open .
All eyes turned to the board that ’d soon populate with dozens of orders .
Brokers glanced at the clock and then quickly back to the board .
Any second now the avalanche would begin .
Any second now …
Nothing happened .
Brokers ’ heads started poking up above cubicle walls like gophers , each one looking more panicked and confused than the last .
The panic was contagious – developers were in a panic trying to figure out why there were n’t any orders .
Developers clicked , typed , and swore like crazy to locate the source of the issue , and it only took a few minutes .
It was a bug from the latest release .
They could n’t roll back since the market had already opened .
The only option was to fast - track some changes , putting the system at even more risk .
Brokers egged them on – “ there ’s no time to test !
Just get it working , ” they urged .
The attitude among the devs was a strange sort of frenzied optimism .
“ We might even have this fixed before any clients even notic - “
The phone started ringing .
It was the CEO .
“ What the hell is happening up there ?
Our orders are getting rejected .
Why ? ”
Daniil did all he could to reassure him that it was being addressed , cut short by the CEO being screamed at in the background , then yelling a hurried “ I ’ll call you back . ”
Daniil feared that a bunch of angry brokers had gone vigilante and killed the CEO .
The panicked optimism gave way to plain old panic .
Daniil looked up orders caught by the web service but not processed – in the span of two minutes , seven orders had been placed , each around $ 15,000 .
In 120 seconds they ’d lost over $ 100,000 of the orders .
Other developers shouted that they were discovering errors on other systems .
What ’s worse , sell orders were failing as well .
One dev , using language that would make a sailor cry , told Daniil that he ’d discovered a failed sell order that was now worth $ 5,000 less than it would have been just a few minutes ago .
Meanwhile , another dev had found and fixed the problem – a stored procedure had changed , and error conditions were never checked .
The updated procedure was called by about a dozen other procedures in the system , and since there was no error checking , it ’d cancel the call and continue right along as though nothing had happened .
The error message would be displayed only after the order was already recorded , but not completed .
After running some numbers , Daniil discovered that the amount of lost commissions , sales , and trades outweighed the cost of testing and fixing the change over ten - fold .
Mentioning this to his boss , it was promptly ignored .
“ Is the fix in production yet ?
What are you waiting for ?!
Deploy ! DEPLOY ! ”
Things are not looking good for Jack Thompson .
His trial in Florida ended with the judge recommending he be found guilty of 27 out of 31 charges , and he's not allowed to file anything with the Florida Supreme Court without having another lawyer sign off on it .
Considering the man is beginning to look like legal poison , I doubt anyone will want to cast his or her lot in with him .
Thompson , however , wo n't go down without a fight .
GamePolitics has the details on how Thompson is trying desperately to delay the process , or make sure the final June 4 hearing does n't happen .
If you came in here expecting the crazy , you wo n't be disappointed .
Jack Thompson has :
Tried to subpoena 33 people , including Take Two chairman Strauss Zelnick , Jeb Bush , and the judge who presided over the Bully hearings .
Those subpoenas were shut down by the court
Filed suit against the State of Florida
Promised not to attend the upcoming hearing unless he can yet again file his own motions in the Florida Supreme Court
Filed a motion asking for a delay of next week 's hearing while he undergoes a mental exam
One assumes that either someone co-signed these motions , or Jack Thompson simply wants to be found in contempt of court .
The most recent filing asking for a mental examination reads like a man buried asking for a shovel .
After calling himself " wonderfully sane , " he continues .
" These Bar people have whipsawed the respondent with their ' now we think he ’s crazy / now we do n’t want to prove it ' bull long enough ....
Thompson moves and demands of this referee an order mandating his mental health examination by a qualified person .
He demands that the tests that be administered be the three universally recognized objective tests , which are the Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory , the Millan test , and the other whose name escapes the undersigned presently .
Amnesia may be a sign of early onset dementia .
That 's a joke for the humorless . "
Emphasis his .
He also says that Judge Tunis has " no choice " but give him what he wants .
I 'm guessing she would beg to differ .
In the closing paragraphs , he references " the idiots at The Bar , " and asks Judge Tunis to do her job " for once . "
I 'm guessing this flurry of crazed activity wo n't endear Thompson to the Florida Supreme Court or the Bar , the people whom he is effectively at the mercy of .
June 4 should be a very interesting day .
ATHENS ( Reuters ) - Nine British women were facing prostitution charges after being arrested at the weekend for taking part in an oral sex competition in the Greek holiday island of Zakynthos , police said on Monday .
Six British and six Greek men , including two bar owners , were also charged in the incident , which took place at Laganas beach in the south of the Ionian island , which lies off the west coast of mainland Greece , police said .
The women , who came to the popular resort on holiday , had been paid to take part in the competition , which was video recorded and was to be posted on the Internet , police said .
The men were charged with encouraging obscene behavior .
In recent years , Laganas has established itself as one of Greece ’s most popular destinations for twenty - something holidaymakers and is known for its wild party scene .
Around 15 million people -- a fifth of them British -- visit the eastern Mediterranean country each year , drawn by its soaring summer temperatures , azure waters and sandy beaches .
WASHINGTON : America 's top military officer has warned that an Israeli air strike against Iran would make the Middle East more unstable and could add to pressures on the already overworked US forces in the region .
The comments by Michael Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , came days after he visited Israel and amid growing international concern that Jerusalem is considering an attack on Iran 's nuclear facilities .
" Opening up a third front right now would be extremely stressful for us , " Admiral Mullen said , referring to the prospect of a direct clash with Iran while fighting continues in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Posters on the PSPChina BBS are claiming that Sony is planning on releasing a hardware update to the currently available PSP , model number 2000 , one that includes a built - in microphone , updated buttons , a few cosmetic changes and possibly even cell phone support .
Advertisement
As can be seen in the picture above , the Home button on the original and current PSP models is now occupied by a PS button , similar to the one on the PlayStation 3 controller .
One could assume that Sony would have made the Home to PS change in an attempt to prevent confusion with its
Home service .
The purported microphone is to the right of the volume buttons .
More pics after the jump .
Advertisement
Yes , that 's a thinner metallic ring on the UMD door .
Why that would possibly change , we have little idea .
Below is what is said to be the back half of the PSP 3000 's plastic casing .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Keep in mind these photos are not confirmed to be the real deal and that they should be considered rumor for now .
We 'll be following up with Sony to learn more about its PSP plans and get comment on the authenticity of the above photos .
Thanks to creamsuger and ZX for forwarding the pics .
Ahmed Abdillah runs a " khat house " in east London
There are fears that the stimulant khat is contributing to mental health problems within the UK 's east African communities .
Dil Neiyyar of the BBC's Asian Network reports .
In a courtyard , two men sitting on a bench are staring intensely at a pond .
The pair appear mesmerised by the gentle and repetitive splash of the water from a small fountain .
This walled oasis in London 's East End is the Tower Hamlets branch of the mental health charity Mind .
In one of its many rooms , Abdi Rahman is playing pool with a friend .
He explains why he thinks the stimulant khat is responsible for the loss of his job and subsequent slide into mental illness .
" While I was working as a postman I got depressed and stressed , so I was admitted to hospital , and at the same time I was using khat as well , so they all added up and eventually I ended up mentally ill . "
KHAT FACTS
Heavy use can lead to insomnia , high blood pressure , heart problems and impotence Longer - term risk of developing mouth cancers Can create feelings of anxiety and aggression , and cause paranoid and psychotic reactions
Can make pre-existing mental health problems worse Source : www.talktofrank.com
Roukiya Omar is one of the workers whose job is to educate the community about the dangers of khat use and encourage people to stop chewing .
She believes the stimulant is moving away from its traditional use as a social pastime because of unemployment and social exclusion .
She says it 's a growing problem , particularly with women .
" [ They are ] resorting to khat to seek any comfort from the real problems they are having , " she says .
" It 's like with any addiction , when people can't handle life they just go and get a drink or go for drugs , so khat is becoming something like that . "
About 15 minutes ' walk from Mind is a building which was once home to Captain James Cook .
Out of its dilapidated basement , Ahmed Abdillah runs a " khat house " where the plant can be bought and consumed .
When you do it 24 hours , chewing , you become like an alcoholic ...
I eat four pieces a day , and no problem for me
Ahmed Abdillah
Today there are three men sitting on the floor .
They all have a tell - tale vacant stare and their clothes have seen better days .
One of the men describes how chewing khat can feel .
" It gives a little bit of a high but not as high as a drug or high as alcohol , it just makes you relaxed and comfortable and then you just enjoy yourself . "
Ahmed , the owner of the khat house , has no reservations about selling the substance that he says is n't harmful if used in moderation .
" When you do it 24 hours , chewing , you become like an alcoholic ...
I eat four pieces a day , and no problem for me .
When I eat , wake up in the morning , go to work - no problem . "
Twice a week , Ahmed drives to Heathrow to pick up a fresh delivery .
Social lives Around seven tonnes of khat is flown into Britain every week from Ethiopia , Kenya and Yemen and then sold in cities with large east African communities like London and Birmingham for about £ 4 a bunch .
The khat plant , Catha edulis , has been chewed by east Africans for hundreds of years and plays a large part in the social lives of both men and women .
A typical session might consist of consuming several bundles .
Cathinone and cathine are the main ingredients of the plant .
Both are class C drugs in the UK , but the plant khat itself is not classified and can be bought openly in shops .
Khat is sold openly on the streets in places like Yemen Cathinone is almost identical to amphetamines and it is this that creates a high .
It 's known to cause mental health problems like psychosis and depression .
At the Mile End Hospital in Tower Hamlets , consultant psychiatrist Dr Eleni Palazidou treats many people from the Somali , Yemeni and Ethiopian communities , and claims khat is a serious factor in many of these cases .
She says it exacerbates existing mental health problems but believes it can also directly trigger psychosis if used in excess .
One of the main problems facing treatment of these effects is habitual usage .
" They may have a new episode triggered off by the use of khat or they may get better from an episode of illness and they chew khat and go back to square one , " she says .
" It 's difficult to effectively control their illness , because it stimulates those particular chemical systems in the brain that we are trying to control with the medication . "
KHAT : LEGAL STATUS
Banned in the US and Canada Banned in many European countries - Norway , Sweden , Denmark , Finland , Ireland , France , Germany , Switzerland - but not the UK The Home Office says it is aware of the concerns surrounding the side - effects of khat but that it stands by the decision in 2005 not to classify it after it took advice from the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs .
It reported that " the extent of khat use in the UK is relatively low " and that the evidence of harm resulting from khat use is " insufficient , relative to those drugs that are under control " .
However , it continues to keep an eye on the matter , with plans to improve understanding of khat misuse and the impact on communities .
But that does n't go far enough for the Conservative Party , which plans to ban the plant if it gets into power .
Tory spokesman for social cohesion , Baroness Sayeeda Warsi , believes that advice and education about khat is simply not enough to tackle the problem .
" When there are barriers to the equality of opportunity and when there are barriers to integration - like a drug which is disproportionately affecting a certain community - then it is the responsibility of government to deal with that .
" This government 's not dealing with it and that 's why we 're setting a very clear direction as to what we in government will do . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Two police officers have been treated for burns after smothering flames with their own bodies when a knife - wielding man set himself alight .
They had to fire a baton round at the man to stun him before trying to extinguish the fire .
He had been cornered at his home in Cranleigh , Surrey , after police were sent to reports of a knife man threatening residents .
The man suffered minor burns and was arrested after leaving hospital .
' Decisive action '
Ch Insp Chris Shead said : " This man posed a significant threat to himself , other members of the public and police officers .
" By taking decisive action and discharging a baton round , the firearms officers were able to subdue him - stopping him from further harming himself or other people and allowing officers to quickly administer first aid .
" Officers put themselves at significant risk to stop the fire spreading , putting out the man with their own bodies .
Without this quick - thinking and selfless act , it is certain he would have suffered much more serious injuries . "
The drama started when two unarmed officers investigated reports of a knife man near Horseshoe Lane .
They found a 23 - year - old man who threatened to stab the officers and fled into woodland with petrol and a lighter .
Armed officers , dog units and the police helicopter were scrambled to search the area before a man was found doused in petrol at the back of his house just after 2300 BST .
He was ordered to put down his knife and lighter , but set himself on fire and approached the officers .
Separate review
The man was shot with a baton round - a bullet made of plastic and fired from a special single - shot launcher .
Two officers then smothered the flames with their hands and bodies before using an extinguisher in the surrounding area .
The officers were treated at the Royal Surrey County Hospital for smoke inhalation and minor burns to their hands , and were discharged .
An investigation into the incident is under way , and the force is also conducting a separate review into its use of firearms during the incident .
Hillary Clinton has recently become the most ardent advocate for the long primary process :
She has taken the calls for her to quit and re-cast them as attempts to disenfranchise the voters .
In making it clear that Mrs. Clinton is not dropping out , Maggie Williams , her campaign manager , evoked a moment that for Democrats was a searing injustice : “ The last time that we were told we ’d better cut the process short or the sky would fall was when the Supreme Court stopped the recount in 2000 . ”
Always the overly dramatic responses from the Clinton campaign .
And , they really do have no long term memory because , actually , Maggie Williams , your boss was very happy to cut the process short just a couple months ago .
She said it would be over February 5th — and seemed quite pleased with that prospect .
What a difference a couple months makes .
Jed , of course , has the video : [ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J_eBIpEuO4U]
Swapping glasses for contact lenses can dramatically increase success with the opposite sex , research on short - sighted students in a nightclub has found .
The researchers caution that this preliminary study is not sufficiently rigorous for scientific publication , but believe it shows that eyewear choice may have a significant impact on how attractive a person looks and feels .
The team , led by June McNicholas at the University of Warwick , took 38 male and female students aged between 18 and 25 to a London nightclub , with strict instructions to go and “ pull ” .
The students were split into three groups : those who wore their normal form of sight correction , those who swapped contact lenses for glasses and those who swapped glasses for contact lenses just for that night .
The students were not told that eight monitors would be patrolling the club , attempting to corroborate their reported experiences .
Advertisement
Most people who swapped to contact lenses reported increased self - confidence , while 75 per cent of those who swapped to glasses reported feeling less confident .
And “ feelings of enhanced ‘ pulling power ’ and improved self - confidence among contact lens wearers were translated into tangible results on the night , ” says McNicholas .
Overall , twice as many contact lens - wearers as glasses - wearers reported “ pulling ” that night .
And those wearing lenses instead of their usual glasses were three times more likely to report ‘ hugging ’ , four times as likely to report ‘ kissing ’ and six times more likely to report ‘ fondling ’ than when wearing their glasses , she says .
Looking good , feeling good
However , the eight monitors were not able to corroborate all reported behaviours .
“ If I was going to publish this research , I ’d want to do it again with a few more observers , ” says McNicholas .
There are probably multiple reasons for improved success in the glasses - wearers who switched to contact lenses , the researchers think .
Previous studies have found that people without glasses are rated as more attractive .
“ But if you feel more attractive you also behave in a more outgoing way , ” says McNicholas .
There are probably also more fundamental explanations , she says .
“ Anything that obscures our eyes is obscuring one very important method that we have of making social signals to each other .
Girls getting ready to go out will emphasise their eyes with make - up .
But they ca n’t do that if those glasses magnify their eyes , for example . ”
The apparently negative impact of glasses in a nightclub situation could be reversed in other forms of interaction , such as in a job interview , McNicholas notes .
It is n't just on April Fool 's Day that people will be tricked into paying money for otherwise free BitTorrent related stuff on the internet .
Ever wondered exactly what 's inside these guides that promise to speed up your torrents ?
Read on , as we turn the tables on those charging for freely available information .
There ca n’t be many people in the BitTorrent community who have n’t seen the various sites scattered around the web that promise to speed up your torrents by ridiculous amounts – for a cash payment , of course .
One such site is HighSpeedTorrent.com and they are offering :
Speaking of ads for such sites , the admin of BTJunkie previously told us : “ I do n’t allow it on our site because it ’s a scam .
It ’s like a bad infomercial for torrents . ”
So what is in this great guide that supposedly allows you to increase speeds by 500 % ?
Chapter 1 : The Different Torrent ClientsÂ­ Reviewed
Really .
This chapter is dedicated to ‘ reviewing ’ torrent clients .
After mentioning uTorrent , BitTorrent , Azureus and BitTornado , uTorrent is declared the winner .
yay .
Coolest feature : Utorrent gives you charts which show what pieces of a torrent you ’ve already downloaded and which ones are on their way to you right now .
The guide explains about the importance of opening ports to get fast transfers – and then fails to tell the purchaser of the guide how to do this .
Instead it points the user to portforward.com – a FREE resource on all port - forwarding issues .
Genius .
And so it goes on .
The guide completely fails to realize that its target audience is the BitTorrent novice as it regularly uses terms they wo n’t understand , while offering advice about choosing ports , only to contradict it later on , with settings based on the author ’s “ 256 K connection ” .
Nice
Statements like “ If you have a firewall you may want to set it to allow your file sharing program to have access to the internet ” along with advice to ask your ISP if you do n’t know your routers password , do n’t exactly inspire confidence .
Chapter 3 lists software to “ Help Boost Your P2P Download Speeds ” and are all a complete waste of time .
The main problem I have with such guides is the way that they target the complete novice , while completely failing to give them something they can actually use .
They play on the new BitTorrent user ’s inexperience and charge them money for sub - standard guides which will never give purchasers the ability to increase their speeds by anywhere near the amount they claim .
And all this for $ 49.95 – well , actually , the guide is on special offer for $ 9.95 right now – if you hurry ( these offers always suggest that they are time limited ) .
Or , if you ’d rather get the great HighSpeedTorrent guide for free , simply click here – it ’s openly available , right from the HighSpeedTorrent site .
Do you really want to increase your download speeds for free ?
If so , help yourself to some of our guides , hints and tips .
There ’s 20 more of the best right here .
All 100 % free .
Now that ’s the TorrentFreak guarantee .
WASHINGTON -- Barack Obama begins his presidential race against John McCain with a lead in the latest Wall Street Journal / NBC News poll , but not so great an edge as might be expected , given the gale - force political headwinds against Sen. McCain 's Republican Party .
Sen. Obama leads Sen. McCain by 47 % to 41 % , a spread that is twice the edge he had in the previous poll , in late April .
Still , that lead is significantly smaller than the Democratic Party 's 16 - point advantage , 51 % to 35 % , when voters are asked , without candidates ' ...
It 's my birthday today , so I 'm releasing a free ebook version of my first book : Diesel Sweeties : Pocket Sweeties Volume 1 .
You can buy a hard copy of this or my other books right here in my store .
I originally published this book in 2003 and it features the first hundred + comics with introductions to the main cast and a wonderful foreword from John Allison .
Every strip in the book has been recolored and relettered and you can read along and compare them to the originals on my site if you start reading here .
Enjoy reading comics this way ?
I 'd love to hear from you .
( email , Twitter . )
Please feel free to browse my t- shirt shop while you 're thinking fondly of these free comics .
Adobe Reader 9 is out !
Decompressing is powered by who ?
Why do I care ?
Ads on the installer ?
... " Recomposition " , that 's a new one to me .
Another word for " decompression " ?
( Powered by iNOSSO of course ) .
Ok , time to launch it .
Why yes , Adobe Reader gets its own folder in / Applications ... with the app and a single ReadMe .
Would it make sense to show the readme on startup , and just put Reader in / Applications without its own folder ?
Nah .
First launch .
A menu bar with no menus , and then this .
Why am I not surprised ?
Figures .
Hey , did you hear PDF became an ISO standard today ?
w00t !
</ snarkiness >
Snakes on a Plane in 30 seconds , re-enacted by bunnies .
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED !
Contains bunnies cursing , and bunny - adult situations .
More bunnies !
30 - Second Bunnies
Theatre DVD available through Amazon !
home | about me | FAQ | press | contact
This site hosted by Magiclamp Networks .
Nicky Hilton is Scary Skinny ( Photos )
is a model , socialite and fashion designer .
The super skinny 24 year old is the second oldest ofand 's four children and sister to .
She has had one failed marriage , which was annulled in 2004 after less than two months .
Nicky was seen yesterday leaving a medical clinic in Beverly Hills .
It has been rumored that she is being treated for an eating disorder .
We do n't know if there is a smattering of truth but the photos taken on Tuesday attest to her very thin upper legs and arms .
Keep in mind , cameras generally add the appearance of 10 - 20 extra pounds .
That being the case , she is decidedly underweight .
Check out the pics from yesterday as well as some that were taken recently .
It looks like Nicky is losing muscle mass .
The closeup of her legs show that she is becoming bowlegged - not attractive .
Photos : WENN
BAGHDAD 
The Iraqi government on Monday left little doubt that it favors a withdrawal plan for American combat troops similar to what Senator Barack Obama has proposed , providing Mr. Obama with a potentially powerful political boost on a day he spent in Iraq working to fortify his credibility as a wartime leader .
After a day spent meeting Iraqi leaders and American military commanders , Mr. Obama seemed to have navigated one of the riskiest parts of a weeklong international trip without a noticeable hitch and to have gained a new opportunity to blunt attacks on his national security credentials by his Republican rival in the presidential race , Senator John McCain .
Whether by chance or by design , the government of Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al - Maliki of Iraq chose a day when Mr. Obama was in the country to provide its clearest statement yet about its views on the withdrawal of American troops .
After a weekend of dispute about precisely what Mr. Maliki was suggesting , his spokesman , Ali al - Dabbagh , told reporters in Baghdad , “ We cannot give any timetables or dates , but the Iraqi government believes the end of 2010 is the appropriate time for the withdrawal . ”
Mr. Obama has said he would seek to withdraw American combat forces over 16 months if he is elected president , starting upon taking office in January , meaning his plan would be completed on roughly the same timetable as suggested by the Iraqis .
The Bush administration has signaled a willingness to work with the Iraqis on their desire to begin setting at least a general “ time horizon ” for reducing the American military presence , leaving Mr. McCain at risk of becoming isolated in his position of firm opposition to a withdrawal timetable .
RALEIGH , N.C. --
The son of former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani is suing Duke University , claiming his golf coach manufactured accusations against him to justify kicking him off the team to whittle the squad .
Andrew Giuliani , a 22 - year - old who will be a senior this fall , contends he had dreams of becoming a professional golfer and was dismissed without cause from the golf team in February without a chance to defend himself .
He said in a statement Thursday that he sued " to make sure this does n't happen to anyone else at Duke . "
Duke spokesman Michael J. Schoenfeld said the university would " vigorously defend this lawsuit " and insisted on fairness for all participants in its sports programs .
Giuliani was dismissed because coach O.D. Vincent III wanted to cut the team from 13 players to about half its size , the lawsuit said .
He claims a breach of contract because he was recruited by Duke 's previous coaching staff .
" This has been heartbreaking , " Giuliani 's mother , Donna Hanover , said in a statement .
" We tried for many months to convince members of the Duke administration that this situation should be corrected and we are sad that we have now had to turn to the court . "
The coach said Giuliani " flipped his putter a few feet to his golf bag " and drove fast while leaving a golf course parking lot , according to the lawsuit .
Giuliani also was accused of playing a team football game harder than the other players liked and of being disrespectful to a trainer .
But Giuliani says that conduct was n't grounds for dismissal .
Instead , he said , the allegations were fabricated during the coach 's " rush to shrink the size of the men 's golf team .
...
The termination of Andrew 's eligibility would mean less competition for the few spots available , " the lawsuit says .
Last season , when there were 14 players on the Blue Devils men's golf team , Giuliani was among the nine players who competed in only one or two tournaments .
The team 's top five golfers competed in at least nine tournaments .
Giuliani's best finish was a tie for 36th at the Fighting Illini Invitational in Olympia Fields , Ill .
His season competition average was 74.5 , good for 12th best on the team .
He finished tied for 60th at 7 - over - par ( 73-77-73--223 ) at the Coca Cola Duke Golf Classic in Durham on Oct .
7 - 8 , and tied for 36th at 14 - over - par ( 73-75-76--224 ) at the Fighting Illini Invitational , on Sept. 30 - Oct. 1 .
At the Calloway Collegiate Match Play Championship in Greensboro , Ga. , on Oct. 27 - 29 , he lost to Will Strickler of Florida , 2 and 1 , and beat Charlotte 's Trevor Murphy , 1 - up .
The 198 - page lawsuit was filed Wednesday in U.S. District Court by Durham attorney Robert Ekstrand .
Ekstrand did not immediately return a message seeking comment .
Rudy Giuliani's spokeswoman , Sunny Mindel , said the former mayor had no comment .
" This is a private matter , " Mindel said .
The lawsuit seeks unspecified compensatory damages and the right to use the state - of - the - art Duke golf center while he is in school and after he graduates .
It also seeks a jury trial .
The lawsuit said the coach created a " Lord of the Flies scheme " under which Giuliani might be reinstated .
The reference was to the novel in which schoolboys trapped on an island tried to govern themselves .
Vincent said Giuliani could rejoin the team if each member wrote a letter that satisfied the coach in support of Giuliani , but if one member declined the suspension was permanent , the lawsuit said .
The coach then told players who expressed support to refrain until they talked more to Giuliani , and at the same time told Giuliani not to contact team members , the lawsuit said .
Five players later wrote an e-mail stating that Giuliani should be removed from the team .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Ronaldinho has agreed to initial contract terms with A.C. Milan , which will now speak to Barcelona , his current team , about a deal , Milan and Ronaldinho ’s agent said .
Ronaldinho , 28 , has had a difficult season because of injuries .
A Brazilian midfielder , he is out for the rest of the season with a leg injury , and a transfer cannot officially go through until the summer transfer period .
“ In general Ronaldinho and Milan are in agreement , ” his agent and brother Roberto de Assis was quoted as saying on the Gazzetta dello Sport Web site Saturday .
Gazzetta said a deal through 2012 could be worth $ 12.6 million a year .
“ There is a general agreement with the player , ” Adriano Galliani , Milan ’s chief executive , said .
“ Now a deal has to be reached with Barcelona .
Give us time . ”
Andrew Smith sends in this :
He writes , “ I think it beats the pie chart you referenced in your previous blog post !
My brain still hurts trying to parse it . ”
In all seriousness : yes , a scatterplot would be better .
And they gotta work on their axis labeling .
“ 61.8 ? ”
P.S. In contrast , the photographic height / weight chart is excellent .
Get the Most Out of Your Investment : What to Look for When Buying a Smartphone
There ’s never been a better time to buy a new smartphone .
Technology improves exponentially year after year , and app developers continue to create amazing products that consumers can’t wait to get their hands on .
When it ’s time to replace or upgrade your current smartphone , how can you know what product is best to invest in ?
After all , mobile devices keep you connected to both work and family .
This article takes a look at what to look for when buying a smartphone .
Keep reading to discover insight into the features that will best serve you and provide the best user experience .
What Operating System Do You Prefer ?
One of the first things to consider when shopping for a new smartphone is the operating system it runs on .
Most people have a preference .
You might prefer the Apple iOS or Android .
There ’s really no wrong answer .
The key is to choose the OS that provides the best experience for you .
Here are some smartphone reviews that can help get you started .
The Device Design & Functionality
Many people are devoted to Apple products , while others show brand loyalty to other companies .
The third group focuses solely on which product design most appeals to them .
The design includes everything from how the device feels in your hand to the location of any exterior button to the layout of the OS features .
For most people , functionality is their top priority .
After all , the product needs to be as intuitive as possible , easy to use , and reliable .
You also want to make sure that the device supports you headphones and other accessories , and that it is comfortable to use for hours each day , especially when needed for work .
Mobile Carrier Compatibility
It ’s important to keep in mind that not every smartphone is compatible with every mobile carrier network .
This is why you need to check with your mobile provider before purchasing a new smartphone .
Whether your mobile plan is with AT&T , Verizon , Sprint , or T - Mobile , etc , it ’s crucial to know that your mobile plan is compatible with the device in question .
Speaking to a mobile provider representative should provide all the answers you need .
Smartphone Size
Does size matter ?
Well , that depends on the person .
Many people love to have the biggest screen possible , and yet a larger smartphone can be unwieldy and hard to fit in your pocket or be too large to hold comfortably in your hand .
When buying a smartphone will a larger display , you ’ll also want to find out about the quality of the display in order to ensure that you are n’t sacrificing the best possible screen in the name of size .
Battery Life , Internal Storage & Camera Quality
Do n’t forget about important tech specifications such as battery life , the amount of internal storage , and the quality of the camera the smartphone offers .
These are all incredibly important to how much you will enjoy your new device .
This is especially true for someone that enjoys listening to music or watching other types of digital media or that takes lots of photos .
So if you want the best performance possible , do n’t skimp on these features .
Tips for What to Look for When Buying a Smartphone
Shopping for a new mobile device can be confusing .
Fortunately , these tips for what to look for when buying a smartphone can make the experience a bit more fun and a lot less stressful .
Keep scrolling to discover more great tech tips and advice .
Ideas Not My Problem : Taking Responsibility for Air Quality
How long can we say " Not my problem " ?
By Ted Mitchell
Published June 05 , 2008
At Hamilton 's recent Upwind Downwind conference on air quality and climate change , I had a lunchtime conversation with one of the presenters from London , Ontario .
He counted himself lucky , because London does not have big industry to foul the air .
But his reasoning was not the obvious ; it had to do with personal responsibility .
When London has bad air quality , which frequently happens in the summer smog season , it is difficult to scapegoat industry .
Rather , it starts to hit home that the collective action of people driving and cranking up air - conditioners is the culprit .
Where the wild polluters are
Another presenter at the same conference , Anne Evens of Chicago 's Center for Neighbourhood Technology , put up a pair of slides which she has been so kind to make available here .
The first map shows CO2 emissions from transportation in a traditional way , on a per area basis .
The second map is startling ; it ventures into the political realm simply be arranging the data per household .
Let 's look at the difference :
CO2 Emissions by Area
CO2 Emissions per Household
If you wish to see why this difference exists , check out Chicago on Google Maps .
Residential downtown looks like this :
Urban Residential Development ( Image Credit : Google Earth )
Compare with a suburban " red " area southeast of Aurora at the same scale :
Suburban Residential Development ( Image Credit : Google Earth )
In the densest parts of downtown , CO2 production from automobile use is roughly one - third of that from the least dense suburbs .
Even if you have seen films like The End of Suburbia , digesting what the above maps and satellite photos say about land use , fuel demand and air pollution gives pause to the status quo .
There is irony in the exodus to suburbia to get away from it all , only to create something far less efficient than what you started with .
Missing the Big Picture
Car-centric suburbia is the predictable result of missing the big picture .
This comes about by individuals making their exit from the noisy , dirty , cramped city to the more spacious suburbs , without thinking about the collective consequences of everyone doing the same .
But narrow thinking is not only the realm of individuals .
Our largest corporations and city planners do it all the time .
MacD 's and Timmy's : Drive - thru Defenders
Recently , Waterloo's Public Health department put out a report slamming drive - thru restaurants .
This is a quality document : broad ranging , balanced , concise , and focused where evidence is available .
The response , which got even more attention , addressed one narrow aspect of that report , namely air quality , and did a downright dishonest job of it .
Timmy 's lawyers , aided by the engineering firm RWDI , argued that drive - thru restaurants were not a significant contributor to air pollution .
Their argument goes like this : Queuing vehicles in drive - thrus produce less pollution than vehicles idling at a stoplight in the nearby street .
Secondly , compared to park - and - walk - in restaurants , there is less pollution because parked vehicles cool down and the cold - start emissions are so bad they overwhelm what would have been produced if they just idled all that time .
Now , RWDI gave a presentation on this very subject last year to Clean Air Hamilton , which I attended .
Assuming we are talking about the same study , that is not how I remembered the result .
Three scenarios based on computer modeling were presented , and in only one of them were the emissions from parked vehicles higher than the queuing vehicles .
If the parked time was short ( 5 min ) or long ( 30 min ) , then emissions were higher from the drive - thru .
Additionally , this result was not verified by measured tests .
Nowhere did the study address the concept of induced demand , assuming only that people chose between walk - in and drive - thru .
At least for Tim's , the more honest account is the choice between home coffee pot and drive - thru .
Needless to say , there is considerable self interest in defending the drive - thru : I learned from a Tim 's franchise owner that his drive - thru generated enough money to cover the entire operating costs of the restaurant ; the rest was profit .
While the scoped results of an engineering analysis are debatable , the big picture is much clearer .
Waterloo Public
Health does a good job of discussing this .
In addition to the air pollution associated with generating vehicle trips , drive - thrus negatively impact on pedestrian safety , obesity , land use , walkability , and contribute to a fast food and car culture with associated independent health risks .
See it all , especially change
The take - home message is that you must look at the big picture to get the true story .
I will add another point : looking at the big picture also involves the factor of time .
For example , a narrow analysis of drive - thrus may not seem scary , but consider that they have a positive feedback relationship with car - culture .
Every year , more drive - thrus correlate with more cars , more sprawl , more big - box stores and their poor wages , a more globalized economy channeling more of our locally earned money to transportation , overseas labour , and multinational corporations .
But all this more leaves us with less .
In just a few decades , the face of our cities has changed drastically , mostly not for the better .
The drive - thru may be passed off as an insignificant contributor , but do n't be fooled .
We have to start somewhere , and drive - thrus are some of the lowest hanging rotting fruit .
Despite all the greenwashing rhetoric spun about in the last couple of years , there is little objective evidence of anything improving in our cities .
The logical place to start is doing away with " choices " like drive - thrus , where the social , economic and environmental risks wallop the benefits .
Ted Mitchell is a Hamilton resident , emergency physician and sometimes agitator who recently completed a BEng at McMaster University .
He is fascinated by aspects of our culture that are harmful , but avoid serious public discussion .
8 Comments Read Comments
Post a Comment
You must be logged in to comment .
Fedora 9 , the latest release from the Fedora Project , goes up for download on Tuesday .
The ninth release of Fedora ushers in a number of changes aimed at making the venerable distribution a more newbie - friendly desktop , but longtime users need n't fear a great dumbing down ; version 9 packs plenty of power user punch as well .
Fedora is a community - driven distribution sponsored by Red Hat and , while Fedora may be best known as a popular server OS , most of the changes in Fedora 9 are aimed at making the system friendlier for desktop users .
The Fedora team has clearly spent a lot of time trying to refine some of the smaller , but perhaps more common user interface elements in some thoughtful ways .
Take , for instance , the new setting that allows you to manage power settings from the login screen .
It 's a small tweak but it makes shutting down simple .
There 's no need to login when you wake from hibernate - just shut down straight from the login screen .
Similar attention to these basics can be found throughout the new release .
Partitions and PDF for Newbies
Fedora 9 features PackageKit for software management which can tie into a number of back ends regardless of what method you 're using - UM , RPG , Apt , etc .
PackageKit also supports on - demand software dependencies for default apps , print drivers and more .
For example if you download a PDF file , but do n't have a PDF viewer installed , when you try to open the file Package Kit sees that you do n't have a PDF Viewer and offers to install the software you need - a definite win for the new user .
On the downside , these features only work if there 's an open source package available to handle the file .
If you 're dealing with a Flash movie , for instance , you 'll have to find and install the necessary proprietary software yourself .
The new Fedora 9 installer also makes resizing disk partitions much easier - something that 's long been a source of confusion for Linux newcomers .
The new installation interface can even handle NTFS formatted disks .
Also new is a nice little the password strength indicator that lets you know how good your passwords are .
Partitioning the hard disk in Fedora 9
USB and You
Perhaps the most interesting news in Fedora 9 is the release of what amounts to a complete live , carry - anywhere USB solution .
The ability to create a Live USB stick from the LiveCD media was part of earlier Fedora releases , but the ability to have persistent data and to do a non-destructive install are both new .
Headed to a friend 's house and do n't want to use Vista ?
[ Has it come to that - Ed ? ]
Just bring along your LiveUSB and boot up .
Any changes you make , documents you create or software you install will all be saved to your USB drive and available the next time you plug it in .
And that applies not just to user installed files and apps , but the system as well , which means any system update you find will be part of your Live USB partition .
And if your friend wants a copy of Fedora , no problem .
Just install Fedora on a USB stick with sufficient space and any existing files on the disk will be left intact .
For the low , low price of $ 99.95 in installation fees , of course .
Perhaps the most impressive part of the Live USB features is that boot times were on par with an actual hard disk install .
The only downside is on older machines where USB booting may not be possible ( it 's worth poking around in your BIOS settings , we had to do as much to get my Toshiba to boot from the USB stick ) .
The other thing worth noting is that the USB boots from syslinux rather than GRUB , which is probably more familiar to Linux newcomers .
For the most part syslinux is very similar , but it does boot slightly differently .
The Fedora team sent us a 2GB USB stick , which worked fine and was n't noticeably cramped ; however , we went ahead and installed the USBLive tools on our own 8 GB stick for added storage space and it did seem marginally faster ( though that 's probably more a result of the relative read / write speeds of the two sticks , rather than an inherent Fedora issue ) .
Naturally , Fedora is n't giving you the new ease of use features at the expense of power user options .
If you want to dig into the internals of partitioning your disk or tweak your laptop power settings from the shell , all the same tools are still there .
But it 's nice to know that you do n't * have * to .
Israel carries out regular raids into Gaza to counter Hamas rocket fire Israel and militant group Hamas have agreed to end months of bitter clashes with a six - month truce starting on Thursday , Palestinian officials say .
A Hamas official said he was confident all militant groups in Gaza would abide by the agreement , brokered by Egypt.
Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak said it was too early to say a truce was in place but that Israel would " give it a chance " .
Earlier at least six Palestinians died in Israeli strikes in southern Gaza .
Israel said it had targeted " terror operatives " .
Hamas said a missile struck a car carrying five members of the Army of Islam militant group near Khan Younis .
A sixth man died in a separate strike nearby .
Two - stage deal Hamas took over Gaza in June 2007 , driving out forces loyal to Fatah , the political faction led by Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas .
Since then , Israel , the Palestinian Authority and the international community have sought to isolate Hamas .
HAMAS 'TRUCE ' TIMETABLE 0600 ( 0300 GMT )
Thursday ceasefire begins after 24 hours Israel eases crossing restrictions after five days Israel opens commercial crossings after two weeks Egypt starts talks with all sides to seek reopening of Rafah crossing ceasefire applies in Gaza Strip only
What chance of lasting peace ?
Israel declared the territory a " hostile entity " and has blockaded it in an attempt to pressure Hamas into stopping rocket fire from the strip into Israel .
Over the past seven days , more than 20 people have died in Gaza as a result of Israeli military action .
In the same period , the Israeli army says that Palestinian militants have fired more than 90 rockets and mortars into Israel .
Egypt , which has worked for months to clinch a deal between Israel and Hamas , urged both sides to " exert all efforts to bring the calm to a success " , senior officials were quoted as saying .
The BBC's Tim Franks in Jerusalem says a ceasefire should lead to an improvement in people 's everyday lives in southern Israel and Gaza , but any talk of political upheaval or breakthrough is premature .
Palestinian and Egyptian officials say the truce is to come into effect at 0600 ( 0300 GMT ) on Thursday .
As well as a halt to all hostilities , this stage of the deal also envisages a partial reopening of Gaza 's borders , they add .
A second stage would focus on the return of captured Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit and on a deal to reopen the main Rafah crossing into Egypt , they say .
In the talks process until now , Israeli concerns have centred on whether all militant groups would adhere to a truce , and what Egypt would do to stop arms smuggling into Gaza , says our correspondent .
' New situation ' Israeli officials stress that phone lines to Cairo are " still running hot " .
In a televised speech , Mr Barak said : " We are studying the possibility of rapidly reaching a period of calm .
If anybody does anything , they will be doing it on their own
Ahmed Yousef ,
Hamas official " It is still too soon to talk of that period of calm and when it comes into force , supposing it does come into force , it is difficult to know how long it will last . "
A Hamas leader in Gaza , Mahmoud Zahar , confirmed at a news conference that militant groups had agreed a truce .
Hamas official Ahmed Yousef told the BBC : " I am confident that everybody will abide by what we 've agreed .
All the groups which went to Cairo gave their okay to the ceasefire .
" If anybody does anything , they will be doing it on their own . "
According to a detailed breakdown released by Hamas , Israel will ease its restrictions on Gaza crossings with Israel on Friday morning , followed by the bigger commercial crossings next week .
After two weeks , talks will start involving Israel , Hamas , the Palestinian Authority and the European Union on finding agreement on reopening the Rafah crossing into Egypt , Hamas says .
The truce will apply only in Gaza , Hamas says , and it will not be allowed to respond from Gaza to any Israeli action in the West Bank .
Next steps Egyptian officials say they will continue efforts to broker a similar ceasefire in the West Bank .
The last ceasefire between Hamas and Israel ended in April last year , shortly before the Islamist movement took control of the Gaza Strip .
Mr Yousef said that the aim now was to push ahead talks on a prisoner exchange , as well as a new round of talks in Cairo between the rival factions of Fatah and Hamas .
A delegation from Fatah has already travelled to the Gaza Strip from the West Bank for talks with other party members .
The group is the first representing Mr Abbas to go to Gaza since Hamas seized control .
Hamas has said it is prepared to hold talks with the Fatah officials , but there has been no word from Fatah on whether such a meeting will take place .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
The world is failing to guard against the inevitable spread of a devastating flu pandemic which could kill 50 million people and wreak massive disruption around the globe , the Government has warned .
In evidence to a House of Lords committee , ministers said that early warning systems for spotting emerging diseases were " poorly co-ordinated " and lacked " vision " and " clarity " .
They said that more needed to be done to improve detection and surveillance for potential pandemics and called for urgent improvement in rapid - response strategies .
The Government 's evidence appeared in a highly critical report from the Lords Intergovernmental Organisations Committee , which attacked the World Health Organisation ( WHO ) as " dysfunctional " and criticised the international response to the threat of an outbreak of disease which could sweep across the globe .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The Government said : " While there has not been a pandemic since 1968 , another one is inevitable . "
Ministers said it would could kill between two and 50 million people worldwide and that such an outbreak would leave up to 75,000 people dead in Britain and cause " massive " disruption .
Peers joined ministers calling for urgent action to build up early warning systems across the Third World that can identify and neutralise outbreaks of potentially deadly new strains of disease before they are swept across the globe by modern trade and travel .
Peers also called for new action to monitor animal diseases , warning of the potentially disastrous effects of conditions such as the H5N1 bird flu virus jumping to humans and demanded that Britain step up funding for the WHO to tackle the threat .
With international tourist journeys now reaching 800 million a year , giving unprecedented potential for epidemics to spread across borders , and many cities rapidly growing in developing countries , which would provide " fertile ground " to spread disease , peers on the committee warned that conditions such as Sars , avian influenza and ebola " have the potential to cause rapid and devastating sickness and death across much of the world if they are not detected and checked in time " .
Their report said : " We have been warned that an influenza pandemic is overdue and that when – rather than if – it comes the effects could be devastating , particularly if the strain of the virus should be of the H5N1 variety that has been seen in south - east Asia in recent years .
" While much progress has been made in the past 10 years in improving global surveillance and response systems , much remains to be done if we are to detect new strains of the virus and counter them before they have had the chance to spread . "
The report called for a fundamental overhaul of the WHO 's regional offices around the world .
" Given the threats to global health that we face from newly emerging infectious diseases , a dysfunctional organisational structure within the world 's principal policy - making , standard - setting and surveillance body simply cannot be afforded . "
A government briefing given to the committee warned : " Not all countries have the resources or capacities to put in place a seasonal influenza vaccination policy and , in the event of an influenza pandemic , it is also recognised that current stock will not meet world - wide demand .
" There needs to be an improvement to rapid response strategies in poorer , more vulnerable , countries . "
Ministers warned that there was " no agreed vision or clarity over roles " among the international bodies working in the field .
Lord Soley , the committee 's chairman , welcomed efforts to guard against a flu pandemic but warned : " They are not good enough .
We have a pandemic twice every century .
If something developed in a country with a developed healthcare system you would stop it and stop it before it went round the world .
You cannot have that confidence about the developing world , " it warned .
Norman Lamb , the Liberal Democrats ' health spokesman , likened the threat from a pandemic to the threat of international terrorism .
He said : " Globally there has been massive attention to the threat from terrorism and rightly so .
But the potential for loss of life from a pandemic is massive , enormous and yet we stare a disaster in the face and we see a chaotic , uncoordinated and incoherent international response to it .
" Disease can spread like wildfire .
We have to dramatically step up the response . "
A spokeswoman for the Department of Health acknowledged that " more clearly needs to be done improve detection , surveillance and general response capacity building " .
She said Britain was working to improve the international response to bird flu and a potential pandemic and was working to improve international co-ordination on the issue .
She added : " We agree that there is considerable scope to improve the effectiveness and coherence of intergovernmental organisations working in this area . "
Updated on 5/19/08 with comment from RealPlayer ( see below )
Users of YouTube and other video - sharing sites could face $ 750 per clip penalties if they have watched a video that was uploaded without the copyright holder 's permission .
Copyright infringement in the United States strict liability offense .
What this means , is that users are liable when they illegally copy works , even if they 're not aware that this is wrong , or that the work is protected by copyright .
As an example , let us consider the popular video sharing website YouTube .
Every week , 6 days after the show airs , HBO uploads the most recent episode of " Real Time with Bill Maher . "
However , within a few hours of the show 's TV broadcast , a number of other users upload copies that they have recorded with their computers .
When a user visits YouTube , and searches for " Bill Maher " , he will see a large number of results - some of which will be for official content uploaded by HBO , and the vast majority of which is for copyrighted content illegally uploaded by other users .
According to a strict reading of the copyright laws , and discussions with legal scholars , users could unknowingly be liable if they click on the wrong YouTube link .
The fact that they 're not aware that a video was illegally uploaded is irrelevant .
All that matters is that they clicked on a link , and watched the video .
For BitTorrent websites like The Pirate Bay , where the vast majority of the files are illegal , it is at least semi-reasonable to expect most users to know that they are engaged in an illegal act .
However , for sites like YouTube , where both legal and illegal content are available on the same platform , it is significantly trickier .
How exactly , are the less - tech savvy amongst us supposed to determine if a file is legal to watch ?
Copytraps
The issue of unintentional home user liability is the subject of a recent paper by Ned Snow , a law professor at the University of Arkansas .
In " Copytraps " , Professor Snow argues that copyright law unfairly exposes end users to significant liability , for actions which they have no reason to believe are illegal .
Professor
Snow puts forth the following example : A user visits Google , and searches for the name of a band they like .
One of the first results takes them to a website , named " legal- music-downloads.com " .
Once there , the user hands over her credit card , and pays $ .99 per song to this unknown website .
Now , imagine that " legal- music-downloads.com " is in fact a fraudulent website run by a couple guys in Eastern Europe .
They download files from BitTorrent , and then illegally re-sell them to American consumers .
As Prof .
Snow describes , the fact that the end user thought she was participating in a legal purchase is irrelevant .
All that matters is that she has copied ( downloaded ) a copyrighted work , which was not sold through legitimate means .
This user could be liable for up to $ 750 per song .
This may sound crazy , but it 's completely possible under the existing system .
Yes , the RIAA and MPAA have for now , gone after people who were sharing files .
However , there is nothing in the law forcing them to stick to just those users .
They are legally permitted to go after downloaders too .
Experts respond
To make sense of this , I turned to a few other experts in copyright law .
First , I spoke with Corynne McSherry , a staff attorney at the Electronic Frontier Foundation .
McSherry told me that the scenarios I outlined were not beyond imagination , and quite possible under existing copyright law .
As an example of copyright holders going after downloaders , she pointed to a 2006 attempt by the Embroidery Software Protection Coalition to get the identities of all the participants of an online embroidery discussion forum .
In support of their claims , the Coalition compared the stitchers ' online screeds to " terrorist activities " and accused them of posting slanderous statements " that marched across the Internet bulletin boards and chat groups similar to Hitler 's march across Europe . "
The Embroidery Coalition , following tactics similar to the RIAA and MPAA , threatened grandmothers with lawsuits for downloading copyrighted embroidery patterns from the Internet .
These little old ladies were given the choice of either paying a few hundred dollars , or facing a lawsuit .
Luckily , the lawyers at the EFF were able to get the Coalition to back down , but this does at least prove that left unchecked , copyright law can be used to go after the end users .
The EFF 's McSherry told me that the penalties in copyright law were " not like many other areas of the law where you have to show harm . "
Thus , illegally copying a song that is sold for $.99 at the iTunes store can still lead to a $ 750 per song fine .
McSherry labeled this as " completely disproportionate " and said that because of this , " for regular people , who do n't have thousands of dollars , the inclination is to settle ( the cases ) , rather than to fight . "
YouTube users at risk
While Professor
Snow focuses on the example of lying websites , I am personally far more interested in liability for users of major sites like YouTube .
Sherwin Siy , an attorney with Public Knowledge , told me that my YouTube fears might be overblown .
Siy points to a difference between downloading a video , and streaming it .
He told me that " arguing that a buffer copy ( for a streaming view ) is a duplication , that 's even more of an uphill ( battle ) , and the potential awards might not be worth the attorneys fees . "
He added that " merely watching a video on your screen , authorized or not , is n't going to be an infringement if you 're not publicly performing or copying it . "
Siy also noted that copyright law does allow for a reduced $ 200 per work penalty for infringement , if the pirate can prove that they had no reason to believe that they were infringing .
Updated :
Siy clarified his point in a followup email : " For instance , if my local network TV affiliate were to broadcast an infringing copy of a TV show , and I were to watch it at home , I would definitely not be liable .
The copytraps idea might come into play had I ( however innocently ) taped or DVR'd the broadcast . "
While Siy makes some good points , I will have to disagree with him on the issue of viewing vs. downloading .
There are many off the shelf tools that allow users to download YouTube videos .
The most widely deployed of these is RealPlayer , which automatically makes allows the user to make a local copy of every YouTube video that a user watches .
YouTube has no way of knowing if someone is streaming or downloading a video - as it's simply a case of transferring bits over a wire .
If the RIAA or MPAA ever subpoenaed YouTube 's logs , they would n't be able to differentiate these users either .
YouTube 's Position
A few years ago , a number of major firms started threatening Linux end -users with patent lawsuits .
In response , one or two Linux companies to shield their customers from such lawsuits .
That is , buy Linux from us , and we 'll cover any potential legal bills .
Thinking along these lines , I reached out to YouTube to get their perspective .
I wanted to know if they would offer to foot the bills of users who were sued after watching a video on their site .
I also wanted to find out if YouTube has ever disclosed a list of infringing viewer IP addresses to a copyright holder .
YouTube 's spokesperson ignored my actual questions , and instead told me that :
We prohibit users from uploading infringing material , and we cooperate with all copyright holders to identify and promptly remove infringing content as soon as we are officially notified .
As a company that respects the rights of copyright holders , we expect to continue to take the lead in providing state of the art DMCA tools and processes for all copyright holders .
While the liability for end users remains unclear , there is certainly the potential for some nasty lawsuits , should the copyright owners decide to go down that path .
In a conversation with me , Prof .
Snow described a scary future with Copyright Trolls who delay sending takedown letters to websites , so that the number of infringing users ( who the company can later go after ) will increase .
A scary future indeed .
Update : Jeff Chasen , a VP at RealPlayer contacted to let me know that I had erred in my original blog post .
He told me that :
RealPlayer does not automatically download or make local copies of videos from YouTube .
RealPlayer 11 gives users the option of downloading the video they are watching , but it requires that the user click a button to initiate the download .
No copies or downloads occur until a user explicitly takes an action .
I do stand by my original point though , which is that YouTube ( and any copyright holder who gets a list of the views / downloads via a subpoena ) has no way to tell when a user is watching a video , and when a user is downloading them via a single - click RealPlayer tool .
With the possible announcement of the 3G iPhone only a week away , many current iPhone owners are itching to upgrade , which takes money .
Other people , finally bitten by the iPhone bug , are eager to buy one , only they are harder to find in stores .
This creates a nice , natural supply - and - demand formula that we managed to exploit not once but twice on eBay .
Not only did I sell my iPhone in 24 hours , but I sold it for more than I paid .
Advertisement
A week ago , Benny and I both made the decision to sell our 8 GB iPhones .
Even though the iPhone is now a year old , there is still huge demand for it .
On a weekly basis , lines form inside and even outside Apple stores , specifically for the iPhone .
This dwindling stock of iPhones on the web and in stores makes it a perfect item to sell on eBay , new or used .
First Gen iPhone Shortage Hits NYC
At the Apple store on NYC's West 14th Street this morning , I caught this line , 30 people deep ( my … Read more
Advertisement
Having sold items before on eBay , I knew to check how many iPhones were currently for sale .
My search brought back 1,800 auctions .
At first I thought , no way would I fetch decent money for my six - month - old phone .
But after studying the eBay iPhone market , I noticed something strange .
Of the 1,800 iPhones on eBay , a whopping 1,200 are unlocked .
And of those 1,200 unlocked , 800 are basically brand new .
These new unlocked iPhones will easily reach over $ 500 for 8 GB models and $ 600 for 16 GB models .
But current iPhone owners have , by definition , used iPhones .
Turns out , that 's OK .
In my research , used 8 GB iPhone auctions usually ended around $ 350 , which is good money .
But by following a few strategies , a used iPhone can easily sell for more than that .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
What to Include
Since most of the auctions are for new iPhones , it 's best to have the original box and accessories ,
This will allow the auction to compete with the new ones , and buyers pay much more for a complete set .
Unlocked = $ $ $
Even if it might be unauthorized , having an unlocked iPhone will bring much more attention .
Used unlocked iPhone auctions usually end above $ 400 for 8 GB models and above $ 500 for 16 GB models .
And these figures are on the low end of the results , and it's not uncommon for 8 GB iphones to sell above $ 500 , like these two , here and here , that sold for $ 560 .
So by simply selling a Pwned and unlocked iPhone , a much higher selling price can be expected .
Advertisement
Listing Duration
A week ago when I sold my iPhone , I had originally listed it with a 7 - day auction .
This was a mistake .
24 - hours after my listing was posted , not a single person had looked at it .
With over 33 pages of iPhones on eBay , it made sense that no one was going to search all the way to page 33 to see new listings .
Advertisement
So the shorter the listing time the better , and the 1 - day listing option was the best .
Not only did it put the auction on the 9th page of the search , as opposed to the 33rd , it also provided instant gratification , since it only took 24 hours for the iPhone to sell .
Starting Price / No Reserve
Even if the listing has only 1 day , starting it off at a low amount is smart .
By having an auction that starts at $ 1 with a no- reserve price , it attracts more watchers , and usually brings a higher selling price .
Yes , having no reserve could mean that your precious auction item sells for 3 bucks , but it has n't happened to any of the 8,000 completed iPhone sales on eBay , so why would it happen to yours ?
Advertisement
Shipping
It 's also smart to say you 'll ship worldwide , especially for unlocked iPhones .
Most of the unlocked iPhones that advertise worldwide shipping not only attracted more watchers and brought more money but , surprisingly or not , they also usually ended up selling within the US .
Title & Keywords
The most important part of selling an iPhone on eBay is the title , since it basically attracts the buyer .
A good title it will bring more watchers , and using popular keywords is the way to go .
Stuff like " No Reserve , " " NR , " " Unlocked , " " Jailbroken , " " Any GSM SIM , " " Original Box " and " Accessories " are just a few .
If the auction ships worldwide , then make sure the title advertises this .
In this auction , simply stating " Ship Worldwide " brought in $ 610 for a used 8GB .
The more keywords the better , so it 's best to add a subtitle for an extra 50 cents .
This allows for a whole extra line which will fit much more of the important keywords .
Here 's a solid , winning title and subtite :
UNLOCKED Apple iPhone 8 GB Jailbroken Any GSM SIM
Original Box and Accessories SHIPS WORLDWIDE
Advertisement
By using these techniques I was able to sell my used iPhone for $ 425 ( $ 410 after fees ) , and it has made me even more excited for Steve Jobs ' keynote on June 9th .
Bathtub - lovin '
Benny did a little worse , or a little better depending on how you look at it :
He did n't advertise worldwide shipping , he had an aftermarket charger instead of the original one and his iPhone had a big scratch on it , and he still cleared $ 380 .
After expenses !
For current iPhone owners who have been contemplating selling in anticipation for the new iPhone , you might want to act quickly while it 's still a seller 's market .
Then again , the market may already be flooded .
As they mapped out a campaign schedule for Bill Clinton , top aides to Hillary Rodham Clinton kept his time short in South Carolina .
They were probably going to lose the state , they figured , and they wanted their most powerful surrogate to move on to Georgia , Alabama and other Southern states .
But the former president shelved the plan , according to campaign aides .
Day after day he stayed in South Carolina , getting into angry confrontations with the press and others .
In the end , Hillary Clinton lost the Jan. 26 vote there by a 2 - to - 1 margin and saw her standing with African Americans nationwide become strained .
Hillary Clinton may be one of the most disciplined figures in national politics , but she has presided over a campaign operation riven by feuding , rival fiefdoms and second - guessing of top staff members .
Those tensions partly explain why Clinton today stands where , just a few months ago , few expected she ’d be : struggling to catch up to Barack Obama for the Democratic presidential nomination .
If she loses either of the crucial contests Tuesday in Texas and Ohio , Clinton may face calls from senior party officials to end her campaign .
Advertisement
Some polls show her leading in Ohio but tied in Texas ; the race in both states is considered close .
Already , some in Clinton ’s senior staff are pointing fingers over what went wrong , with some of the blame aimed at Clinton herself .
As the race unfolded , neither Clinton nor anyone else resolved the internal power struggles that played out with destructive effect and continue to this day .
Chief strategist and pollster Mark Penn clashed with senior advisor Harold Ickes , former deputy campaign manager Mike Henry and others .
Field organizers battled with Clinton ’s headquarters in northern Virginia .
Campaign themes were rolled out and discarded , reflecting tensions among a staff bitterly divided over what Clinton ’s basic message should be .
The dispute over Bill Clinton ’s schedule shows how easily plans can unravel .
Some campaign staffers did n’t expect to win South Carolina overall , but “ our strategy was to go after specific districts in South Carolina ” to add to the delegate total while freeing Bill Clinton to spend time in other Southern states , said a Clinton campaign aide .
Advertisement
But Bill Clinton said “ ‘ I need to be in South Carolina , ’ ” the aide said .
“ It was a one - man mission out there . ”
Obama , who leads Clinton in delegates , would pose problems for any candidate .
But aides to Clinton said the dysfunction within her campaign team made its task that much tougher .
Joe Trippi , a senior advisor to John Edwards ’ now - dropped Democratic campaign , said : “ At some point the candidate has to step in and bust heads and say ‘ Enough ! ’
“ If there ’s fighting internally , the candidate has to step up and make it clear what direction she wants to go and stop this stuff dead in its tracks .
Otherwise there ’s going to be a struggle for power and control right until the end .
It ’s crippling . ”
Advertisement
Last month , after a series of defeats , Hillary Clinton chose a new campaign manager , replacing Patti Solis Doyle .
But she left in place many senior people , including Penn and Ickes , who have been involved in incessant turf wars .
As the campaign faces a make - or - break moment , some high - level officials are trying to play down their role in the campaign .
Penn said in an e-mail over the weekend that he had “ no direct authority in the campaign , ” describing himself as merely “ an outside message advisor with no campaign staff reporting to me . ”
“ I have had no say or involvement in four key areas -- the financial budget and resource allocation , political or organizational sides .
Those were the responsibility of Patti Solis Doyle , Harold Ickes and Mike Henry , and they met separately on all matters relating to those areas . ”
Howard Wolfson , the campaign ’s communications chief , answered that it was Penn who had top responsibility for both its strategy and message .
Another aide said Penn spoke to Clinton routinely about the campaign ’s message and ran daily meetings on the topic .
Advertisement
One running debate within Clinton ’s campaign was whether her defeats -- she has lost 11 straight contests -- were due to organizational lapses or a faulty message .
Some aides say organizational problems were the most significant , as Obama outworked Clinton in many states and sent in organizers earlier .
That problem may go back to well before the lead - off contest , in Iowa .
In June , Clinton ’s Iowa staff requested 150 organizers ; headquarters approved a budget for 90 .
By September , Iowa staff were sending out warnings about Obama ’s strength .
“ We are being outnumbered on the ground on a daily basis by his campaign , and it is beginning to show results , ” said a memo to top campaign officials on Sept. 26 , about three months before the state ’s caucuses .
Advertisement
Clinton ’s “ call time into Iowa is routinely cut . . . .
Not only does Obama spend more time in Iowa . . . but he spends more time making political phone calls into Iowa as well , ” the memo said .
“ His persistence and one - on - one approach has earned Obama the support of several key activists who are decision - makers in their counties . ”
The memo asked for 100 more field organizers “ immediately . ”
Later , Clinton did bring more organizers to Iowa .
She finished third , behind Obama and Edwards .
The campaign also had trouble settling on a way to confront Obama .
Top aides could not agree on whether , or how , to attack him .
Advertisement
“ Why are n’t we attacking him ? ” Bill Clinton asked at a high - level staff meeting Dec. 1 at the Clintons ’
Washington home , according to people familiar with events .
With aides sitting around the dining room table , Bill Clinton said it was time to get more aggressive with Obama .
The following day , in Iowa , Hillary Clinton called a news conference to execute the strategy of questioning Obama ’s character .
“ Now the fun part starts , ” she said .
But the attacks were sporadic .
Aides warned that Iowans dislike personal attacks , so Clinton quickly pulled back .
Sustained criticism of Obama did n’t come until later in the campaign season .
Another unresolved question went to the core of Clinton ’s identity .
Penn wanted to emphasize her “ strength and experience ” and her command of issues -- an approach the campaign adopted .
Advertisement
But others worried that in emphasizing her steely resolve , the campaign was ignoring the reality that many voters disliked Clinton .
They wanted to humanize her .
The campaign produced a 60 - second television ad before the Iowa caucuses that attempted to do so .
In it , Clinton told the story of her mother leaving Chicago on a train at age 8 , accompanied only by her 3 - year - old sister , to live with grandparents in Los Angeles .
It was a poignant story that campaign aides hoped would also highlight Clinton ’s interest in children ’s issues .
But Penn tested the advertisement with voters .
He reported back that it did not play well in Iowa , and it never aired -- leaving some aides grumbling that an opportunity had been missed .
The dispute flared anew after Clinton ’s defeat in South Carolina .
At a meeting in the Arlington , Va. , headquarters , Penn and others gave a PowerPoint presentation on what was billed as a new message : Clinton would be championing “ Solutions for America . ”
Advertisement
Henry , then the deputy campaign manager , objected , according to people at the meeting .
He said it sounded like a repackaging of the old message that Clinton was a strong leader rather than a warm person .
Indeed , a top item in the PowerPoint was “ strength and experience ” -- a theme Clinton had been stressing for months .
Henry asked : “ Is this what we ’re doing , or is it up for discussion ? ”
Penn said Clinton had already approved the new message .
At that point , Henry asked if the campaign had learned anything from its defeats .
It should be clear , he said , that voters want to see a more human side of her .
Advertisement
“ This is not bringing out the humanity in her , ” Henry said , according to people present .
Penn countered that the reason for many of her defeats , particularly in smaller states , had been a lack of organization , not the message -- a swipe at Henry and others in field work .
In the end , Clinton backed Penn .
Henry left the campaign .
And Clinton has been casting herself as someone in the “ solutions business ” -- a message she repeats as she makes a stand in Ohio and Texas .
The campaign dubbed her final weekend appearances in Texas and Ohio “ Solutions for America ” rallies .
Advertisement
“ ‘ Solutions for America , ’ ” one campaign aide said .
“ It sounds like something you ’d buy at the pharmacy . ”
--
peter.nicholas@latimes.com
China prepares to ban foreign ' undesirables ' from the Olympics ... even if they have a ticket
Foreigners attending the Beijing Olympics better behave - or else .
And anyone suffering from STDs or mental illness can forget coming to the country at all .
The Beijing Olympic organizing committee issued a stern , nine - page document - covering 57 topics - on Monday .
Written only in Chinese and posted of the organizers ' official Web site , the guide covers everything from a ban on sleeping outdoors to the need for government permission to stage a protest .
The document , not immediately available in English , also said having Olympic tickets is no guarantee of getting a visa to enter China .
Warning : Residents walk past a sign which forbids foreigners to pass , on a public sidewalk near a military zone in Beijing
" Those holding Olympic tickets are not guaranteed of being granted a visa , " the guide said .
" They still need to visit China embassies and consulates and apply for visas according to the related rules . "
Fearing protests during the Games , China 's authoritarian government has tightened controls on visas and residence permits for foreigners .
It has also promised a massive security presence at the games , which may include undercover agents dressed as volunteers .
The government is hoping to keep out activists and students who might stage pro-Tibet rallies that would be broadcast around the world .
It also fears protests over China 's oil and arms trade with Sudan , and any disquiet from predominantly Muslim regions in the west of the country .
" In order to hold any public gathering , parade or protest the organizer must apply with the local police authorities .
" No such activity can be held unless a permit is given .
...
Any illegal gatherings , parades and protests and refusal to comply are subject to administrative punishments or criminal prosecution . "
Scroll down for more
Protest : Amnesty International members preform an interpretation of an execution scene in Paris yesterday ahead of this summer 's Olympic games in Beijing
The document also warns against the display of insulting slogans or banners at any sporting venue .
It also forbids any religious or political banner in an Olympic venue " that disturbs the public order . "
The guidelines seems to clash with a pledge made two months ago by International Olympic Committee president Jacques Rogge , who said athletes could exercise freedom of speech in China .
He asked only that athletes refrain from making political statements at certain official Olympics venues .
" Freedom of expression is something that is absolute , " Rogge said in Beijing in April .
" It 's a human right .
Athletes have it . "
The highly detailed document is entitled : " A guide to Chinese law for Foreigners coming to , leaving or staying in China during the Olympics . "
This appears under the slogan of the Beijing Olympics : " One World , One Dream . "
For months Chinese authorities denied there had been any change to visa regulations , but recently acknowledged that rules had been amended .
The changes may have little affect on some of the 500,000 foreigners expected to visit for the Olympics , many of whom will come on package tours with visas already arranged .
Notorious : Amnesty International want to draw attention to the dangers of censorship at the Games
The rules published Monday say entry will be denied to those " who might conduct acts of terrorism , violence and government subversion ... and those who might engage in activities endangering China 's national security and national interest . "
They also bar entry to smugglers , drug traffickers , prostitutes and those with " mental diseases " or contagious conditions .
The document also warns foreigners that not all areas of the country are open to visitors .
One such area is Tibet , which is also off limits to journalists .
" Not all of China is open to foreigners , and they shall not go to any venue not open to them , " the statement said .
The guide also spells out a long list of items that cannot be brought into the country including weapons , imitation weapons , ammunition , explosives , counterfeit currency , drugs and poisons .
It also prohibits the entry of materials " that are harmful to China 's politics , economics , culture and morals " .
Foreigners staying with Chinese residents in urban areas must register at a local police station within 24 hours of arriving .
The limit in rural areas is 72 hours .
The guide also threatens criminal prosecution against anyone " who burns , defaces ... insults or tramps on the national flag or insignia . "
For those planning on sleeping outdoors to save a little money - forget it .
This is banned in order to " maintain public hygiene and the cultured image of the cities . "
Jane Mayer 's new book , The Dark Side , reveals in greater detail the utter depravity of the Bush administration 's official policy of torture .
Mayer 's long investigation makes clear that the tactics employed by the CIA on suspected al - Qaida terrorists do not exist in some grey area protected by the euphemism " enhanced interrogation techniques " .
They are unquestionably torture .
It is all the more shocking then that John McCain , knowing all that he does about torture past and present , would sacrifice his considerable personal credibility and vote to preserve the CIA 's ability to torture detainees .
Waterboarding has been the focus of attention since confirmation from the agency 's director , Michael Hayden , that it had been used on at least three al - Qaida detainees .
The ancient technique that forces water into the lungs of a subject but stops just before he dies had previously been prosecuted by the United States as a war crime but now found its way into the " enhanced interrogation " programme authorised by the justice department and employed by the CIA .
Hayden and attorney general Michael Mukasey said waterboarding was not currently being used but categorically did not rule out its use in the future .
That would be troubling enough , but what Mayer 's book makes clear is that waterboarding was only a small part of the CIA 's torture programme .
In fact , even detainees that were subjected to waterboarding did not think it was the worst technique they had to endure .
That was reserved for stress positions .
These were often employed differently but included being shackled to the ceiling of their cells , forcing all the weight of their body onto their shoulders as they were suspended upright for eight hours .
One detainee was locked in a box half his size for hours at a time .
Most of them were deprived of sleep and bombarded with loud music and noises for 24 hours .
There has always been a troubling level of indifference to these activities , because these are al - Qaida terrorists responsible for the deaths of thousands of Americans .
Rage and anger is understandable , but I hope people inclined toward this viewpoint appreciate that one of the principle divisions between us and our enemies is that we hold ourselves to a higher standard , we take our humanity more seriously and we intend to live up to our moral obligations .
The United States should not torture prisoners in its captivity , no matter how grave their crimes .
Another rationale often used to condone such tactics is that they are needed to get information out of these detainees that could save American lives .
It is vital that we are able to use interrogation to uncover information about our terrorist enemies .
If that is in fact the objective , I have never been able to understand why that would lead anyone to think torture is the way to go .
Torture is a poor instrument to produce reliable information .
It is exceptionally good at producing false confessions .
Perhaps it is not surprising then to learn that the Bush administration got some of its techniques from a 1957 US military report about Chinese interrogations during the Korean war titled " Communist attempts to elicit false confessions from Air Force prisoners of war . "
John McCain knows this .
In 2005 , he said that he mourned " what we lose when by official policy or by official negligence we allow , confuse or encourage our soldiers to forget ... that which is our greatest strength : that we are different and better than our enemies . "
He has repeatedly said : " Torture does n't work . "
He described waterboarding as , " not a very complicated procedure .
It is torture . "
Armed with these core beliefs , McCain led the congressional effort to require that the US military only use interrogation techniques included in the US army field manual on interrogation , a public document that has been approved as lawful by numerous authorities .
After its passage , McCain said of a recent trip to a US prison in Iraq that an " army general there said that techniques under the army field manual are working and working effectively , and he did n't think they need to do anything else . "
It seemed , with Americans dying every day during an extremely complex , multi-sided conflict in which good intelligence was vital to saving lives , the field manual was working .
But that was senator McCain .
Now he is running for president and things are a little different .
In the wake of the reported success of the field manual in Iraq and Hayden 's admission , several US senators attempted to force the CIA to follow the same standard as the military and only use techniques in the field manual .
Several senators , that is , except John McCain .
Even while reiterating his objections to waterboarding , he voted against the bill that narrowly passed but did not survive the president 's veto .
If you had been living on another planet for the last six years you might be able to make a convincing case that the CIA needs to have more flexibility than the military during interrogations .
But Jane Mayer has just told us again what that flexibility actually means : torture .
Of course McCain knows this too .
Unfortunately he has more important things to do , like running for president .
