Calgary Flames ' general manager Darryl Sutter , left , listens to his brother and the team 's head coach Brent Sutter , during news conference in Calgary last year .
Are the Sutters ' days in the team 's front office numbered ?
( ( Jeff McIntosh / Canadian Press ) )
Each week , CBCSports.ca's senior hockey writers conduct ( mostly ) friendly banter on the latest hot - button issues in the NHL .
Tim Wharnsby and Scott Morrison square off in this edition .
1 . Who is responsible for failure of the Calgary Flames this season ?
WHARNSBY : As Darryl Sittler used to remark when discussing the Toronto Maple Leafs ineptitude in the 1980s , " a fish rots from the head down . "
The former Toronto captain blamed owner Harold Ballard for the Leafs struggles .
While the Flames have a strong ownership group , team president and CEO Ken King 's decision to add the general manager title to Darryl Sutter 's portfolio in 2003 was not a good long - term solution .
Sure Calgary advanced to the 2004 Stanley Cup final , but since then the franchise 's circle of winning has broken .
Four consecutive first - round exits , four different coaches ( Sutter , Jim Playfair , Mike Keenan and Brent Sutter ) and unless a miracle occurs in the final two weeks , Calgarians will have Stanley Cup - playoff less spring .
The Flames also are without a first , two seconds and third - round selections in the next two drafts .
MORRISON : Well , the season certainly has n't unfolded the way they would like but they are just four points behind the Avalanche , so the playoffs are still a possibility and redemption could be on that horizon .
Having said that , if they miss then I would suggest the yeomen 's share of the blame has to fall at the feet of King and Sutter .
They have changed coaches , as you mentioned , and changed players and it has n't worked and they do n't appear to be in a good position moving forward .
2. Will Vancouver Canucks forward Henrik Sedin become the first player from a Canadian NHL team to win the Art Ross Trophy since Wayne Gretzky of the Edmonton Oilers in 1986 - 87 ?
MORRISON : Sedin has had a tremendous season , no question about that .
I just have a hard time believing he will out - point Alex Ovechkin down the stretch .
Remember , Ovechkin is averaging more points per game and has played 10 fewer than Sedin .
So my answer is no .
WHARNSBY : I have faith in Henrik .
He has been the bigger point producer since the Olympics ( 21 points in 14 games to Ovechkin 's seven in 11 ) .
The Capitals have little to play for and as a result will coast into the playoffs .
The Canucks have more to play for in the final two weeks .
Plus , there always is the possibility the Great Eight could be suspended again .
3 . The meltdown from Abbotsford Heat coach Jim Playfair has hockey fans reminiscing about their favourite coaching tirade .
What coach 's outburst do you most remember ?
WHARNSBY : Having a passion for doughnuts , I can't help but think about New Jersey Devils coach Jim Schoenfeld 's altercation with referee Don Koharski underneath the stands in the 1988 Stanley Cup playoffs .
Koharski accused Schoenfeld of pushing him .
To which Schoenfeld shouted , " good , cause you fell , you fat pig .
Have another doughnut .
Have another doughnut . "
In a strange twist , 22 years later Playfair 's anger was directed at AHL referee Jamie Koharski .
Yup , the son of the aforementioned Don Koharski .
MORRISON : No question , the number one melt down was former Maple Leafs coach John Brophy after a game in Minnesota .
Broph was a guy who used the f - word a lot , but never like he did that night .
I can't remember the number of times he used the word , but in his post - game rant it was into the hundreds as he talked about how fed up he was with his players dragging the crest through the mud .
Unbelievable and ultimately high - end comedy .
ABE , a nomadic adventurer that plumbed the world ’s oceans on its own , forever changing the way scientists explored the seafloor , was lost at sea March 5 off southern Chile .
The autonomous underwater vehicle was about 16 years old and in the off - seasons was stored in Woods Hole , Mass .
ABE had been enlisted after a period of semi-retirement to help researchers look for hydrothermal vents at the Chile Triple Junction , the meeting point of three tectonic plates .
It was most likely destroyed by the implosion of a pressure housing or buoyancy sphere under enormous water pressure at a depth of about 10,000 feet , said Dana Yoerger , a senior scientist at Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution and one of the engineers who built ABE in the early 1990s with a $ 1.1 million development grant .
Dr. Yoerger , speaking from the research vessel Melville , which was using ABE to survey the seafloor , said two acoustic transponders aboard the craft had failed simultaneously .
“ For both to die at exactly the same time means probably something very bad and very violent happened , ” he said .
The implosion of one pressure structure would have generated a shock wave that would have destroyed others , rendering the craft inoperable and consigning it to the seabed forever .
With its two bulbous pods attached to a cylindrical main body by V - shaped struts , ABE , short for Autonomous Benthic Explorer , resembled a pillowy Starship Enterprise and was a familiar sight on expeditions by Woods Hole scientists and others .
It was one of the earliest autonomous underwater vehicles developed for civilian use , and one of the most successful .
Its last dive was the 222nd of its career , which began in 1994 .
The Prawns of District 9 are not meant to be lovable - looking characters .
They have to earn your love and compassion throughout the film .
It was a tough task but director Neill Blompkamp made it look easy .
However , I think not even he could work his magic if the Prawns were replaced with clowns .
Clowns are unlovable .
This clever parody of the Best Picture - nominated film ( it ’s so cool to write that ) replaces the Prawns with the Clowns and condenses the plot down to sixty seconds .
It will give you a chuckle and only take a minute of your time .
Hit the jump to check it out .
Attempts to bring to end the furore over MPs ' expenses collapsed yesterday after two senior civil servants charged with resolving the scandal delivered competing verdicts and the Crown Prosecution Service said it was poised to decide if any politicians would face criminal charges .
Political leaders attempted to draw a line under the row with the publication of Sir Thomas Legg 's devastating review of the " deeply flawed " expenses system .
But Legg 's own inquiry came under fire for being " sloppy " and " illogical " after it emerged that more than half of the MPs who appealed against his rulings were either partly or fully successful .
Last night it was reported that three politicians looked set to face charges of fraud or false accounting over their expenses claims .
Keir Starmer , the director of public prosecutions , will announce his decision at 11 am this morning .
Those in the line of fire include the Labour MPs Elliot Morley , David Chaytor and Jim Devine , and the peers Lord Clarke , Lady Uddin and Lord Hanningfield .
All deny wrongdoing .
Legg 's retrospective review of five years of payments previously allowed by the Commons authorities demanded that 392 former and current MPs return £ 1.3 m .
His report condemned MPs and the " deeply flawed " and " vague " system they operated in .
Decisions taken by the Parliamentary Fees Office " lacked legitimacy " and many were mistaken , it said .
But in an accompanying report , Sir Paul Kennedy , the former judge who was asked by the Commons to rule on appeals from MPs , said retrospective changes to the expenses rules imposed by Legg had unfairly tainted politicians ' reputations – and returned £ 180,000 to the MPs .
" To describe any apparently genuine transaction as tainted , or breaching the requirement of propriety , when there is no evidence of impropriety , is damaging , unfair and wrong , " Kennedy said .
He overturned 44 of 73 appeals made to him .
In one he said that the Tory MP Peter Lilley could keep £ 41,057.36 in interest payments he had claimed , adding : " I am at a loss to understand why the [ Legg ] review should state what you did was not permitted . "
It emerged that the Legg report cost £ 1.16 m to compile , including a reported £ 142,000 for Legg 's seven months of work .
After the appeals , the inquiry led to a demand for £ 1.12 m of the £ 1.3 m to be repaid , of which £ 300,000 is still outstanding .
Commons officials insisted that because some MPs had paid back more than they owed , the process would not cost the taxpayer overall .
On publication of the report , Harriet Harman , the leader of the house , immediately announced that new rules next week would allow the Commons authorities to dock the salaries of MPs who refused to pay up , promising that the row will spread beyond the 22 February deadline for repayment .
Pleas from the Speaker , prime minister and leader of the opposition to put an end to the saga were overshadowed by the announcement that the Crown Prosecution Service will today reveal whether any MPs or peers will face charges over their expenses claims .
Morley and Chaytor were believed to have been investigated by the police inquiry for claiming thousands of pounds for mortgages that had already been paid off .
As of last night none of the MPs under investigation had been contacted by the authorities .
Devine said he was questioned by police before Christmas over the purchase of shelving units and electrical equipment , but had heard nothing since : " I 'm very bitter about the way I 've been treated .
I 've been hung out to dry .
I made a mistake , but it was not corrupt . "
Uddin was facing allegations over a £ 100,000 claim in allowances , and Lord Clarke of Hampstead , a former party chairman , admitted his " terrible error " in claiming up to £ 18,000 a year for overnight subsistence when he often stayed with friends in London or returned home to St Albans in Hertfordshire .
Lord Hanningfield , a Tory peer and leader of Essex county council , was reported to be under investigation over whether he had returned to his home while claiming overnight allowances totalling £ 100,000 over a seven - year period .
Gordon Brown 's spokesman said the Legg report was part of a wider process of restoring faith in parliament .
" The PM feels very strongly that this is one part of restoring trust in the way our political institutions have been operating and continue to operate , " he said .
The Tory leader , David Cameron , said he hoped the publication of Legg 's report would draw a line under the row .
" That will help us to move on and actually build a parliament that people can trust . "
But the clash between Legg and Kennedy fuelled the argument of a growing number of MPs who feel they have been unfairly tainted in the row .
Some MPs – both those cleared of wrongdoing and those who were never accused – attacked the Legg inquiry .
The Liberal Democrat MP Norman Baker , one of the fiercest critics of MPs ' extravagance on expenses , nonetheless told BBC Radio 4's Today programme that Legg 's process had been " sloppy " , while the Tory MP Ann Widdecombe said the review had been " lazy , incompetent and illogical " .
Ian Davidson , the Labour MP for Glasgow South West , who won an appeal against part of the repayment he had been told to make , said : " Legg was somewhat unduly rigid in his interpretation of the rules and seemed to be looking for ways of catching people out .
When Kennedy looked at it , it was much more focused on the spirit of the law .
It was right we had the opportunity to appeal . "
Looking for recipes for the foods in season in Ontario ?
This is the place !
I aim to hit 80 % local produce in my recipes .
Find also notes about my experiences as an organic vegetable and fruit gardener and breeder , and visits to growers , processors and vendors of all kinds of good foods of Ontario .
F1 Fanatic guest writer John Beamer examines the seven 2010 F1 cars revealed so far .
It ’s been an exciting couple of weeks for F1 fans as teams have begun to unveil their 2010 challengers .
From a technical point of view , 2010 should be a belter .
Teams are still learning what works and what does n’t after the radical technical overhaul last year .
Now that the double diffuser is legal aerodynamicists have the opportunity to design their cars around the device – expect to see some radical solutions .
Add to that a couple of subtle rule changes – in particular no refuelling , the loss of KERS and narrower front tyres , which has the potential to mix up the grid .
Its no surprise to see teams borrow the best bits from the 2009 cars – the high Red Bull v-nose , the double diffuser , outboard mirrors , heavily undercut sidepods , double endplates – but these features are tied together in trying to achieve two outcomes .
These are getting more air to the rear of the car , and in particular the diffuser , and managing the air flow around the front wheels , which are a major source of drag .
The diffuser
Forcing air under the car speeds it up and creates low pressure .
The diffuser is a piece of kit towards the back of the car that returns this high - speed , low pressure air to freestream .
This is done by allowing the air to expand in a controlled manner .
Typically the larger the diffuser , the more air can be accommodated through the floor , the lower the pressure and the greater the downforce .
‘ Double decker ’ diffusers allow complex structures above the floor to help manage this airflow .
It ’s not only air to the diffuser that ’s important but airflow over it .
Getting fast airflow over the top of the diffuser is critical to generating suction .
The beam wing – the aerofoil below the main double element rear wing – works in tandem with the diffuser by creating low pressure at the diffuser ’s exit .
This reduces the pressure differential between the diffuser and freestream making the rear of the car more efficient – the wing acts to pump the diffuser .
Bargeboards and undercut sidepods also play a critical role in managing air to the diffuser .
Undercut sidepods with a tight , heavily tapered coke - bottle zone translates into a more consistent , higher - speed airflow to the rear of the car .
This is why Red Bull elected for pull rod suspension on its RB5 – it allowed for tighter packaging at the rear of the car ( although was n’t conducive to retrofitting a double diffuser ) .
The tyres
The narrower tyres will increase straigh - line speed by reducing drag .
The equation is simple – less surface area presented to the oncoming air equals more speed .
A second effect is that a higher volume air can funnel between the tyres ( space between the tyres has increased by 50 mm in total ) , which will improve the efficiency of vanes and bargeboards in this region .
However , this comes at the cost of lower front grip , which affects cornering speed .
The net effect will be to give the car more of an understeer feeling .
As in previous years the temptation for teams is to ensure a forward weight bias to control for this .
The intent of the rule change is to flip the balance back towards the handling characteristics of the 2008 cars , where the grooved tyres resulted in less front grip .
Unfortunately the cost for the teams will be substantial .
One feature of 2009 technical development was the proliferation of front wing endplate designs .
Given the ever tightening regulations there were few areas of technical freedom where designers could claw back downforce .
Managing air around the tyres was one of them – hence the complex detail of the endplates with teams spouting all manner or wierd and wonderful vanes and flicks in this region .
The rule change for 2010 means that designers need to re-base their knowledge rather than simply copy last years ’ solutions .
Other trends
The other significant change to the regulations is of course the banning of refuelling .
Fuel tanks must now be twice the size which presents some unique challenges for designers , particularly in trying to maintain as low a centre of gravity as possible and ensure weight does n’t shift around the car in low fuel .
From an engineering perspective fuel efficiency becomes a lot more important and if you believe the reports the difference between the most and least efficient engines could amount to 15kg .
We ’ll see .
Let ’s take a closer look at how the different teams approached 2010 from a technical standpoint .
Ferrari F10
Very few teams have published detailed specifications of their machines so it is hard to get a read on wheelbase , but the F10 appears to be one of the longer cars in the pit lane .
Compared to the F60 the F10 is more tapered in the coke - bottle zone , which means the diffuser should work better .
Ferrari has adopted a longer gearbox as a way to optimise the diffuser and this is one of the reasons for the more tapered sidepods .
Ferrari has also heaving borrowed from the Red Bull school of design with the V - nose .
The V - nose does two things .
The regulations specify a minimum width and height for the chassis by the footwell area .
The V - nose raises the outer part of the nose which allows the bottom of the nose to taper to the centreline .
This creates more space between the front tyres and the chassis optimising the airflow .
The second effect is that the V - shape reduces lift on the nose by containing the air .
The concave shape of the nose induces lift so by keeping the flow inline with the nose ( which is what the V does ) the lift is less .
The F10 is strikingly simple .
The diffuser is n’t as intricate as others and the two - piece front wing lacked the fins and extra mini-decks we ’re used to .
No doubt the body shop is working overtime on upgraded parts for the later tests and the Bahrain GP .
Also the sidepods look a bit bulkier than the competition – although that may be a photographic trick .
The Ferrari was fast out of the box in Valencia and the consistency of lap times was impressive – if testing form continues into the race 2010 could be a good year for the Scuderia .
McLaren - Mercedes MP4 - 25
The MP4 - 25 is the most radical new car – so far ( who knows what Adrian Newey might reveal later this week ) .
Although the Woking outfit is one of the few teams to not adopt the V - nose there are plenty of other features to get excited about .
First that overly - sophisticated diffuser .
McLaren has publicly acknowledged that it pushed the diffuser regulations to the limit and the resulting device is highly complex .
The diffuser balloons out of the rear of the car and joins the beam wing .
Although there are few close - up shots there a couple of different channels with a range of flicks and vanes .
The detail is classic McLaren .
One risk of such a complex device is that it may lack consistency across a range of speeds and corners .
To the chagrin of some fans the MP4 - 25 sported a shark fin .
These fins serve two purposes .
During cornering , air is directed so it is ‘ normal ’ to the rear wing , which improves downforce .
Fins also reduce lift over the engine cover by ensuring a lower pressure zone is n’t created on the leeward side when turning .
Two final things to mention on the McLaren : the endplates and the snow plough .
The McLaren endplate sports a drooping vane from the top edge of the plate .
It is incredibly intricate on its outside and is different to the double - vane favoured by many teams last year .
The effect is similar – namely to push air around the tyre and set up a vortex to control airflow .
The addition of the snow plough is intriguing .
Williams conceived the device last year with the aim of controlling flow under the nose and spilling it under the floor to feed the diffuser .
No other team adopted the device so it was a surprise when the eggheads at Woking unveiled it on the McLaren .
The McLaren implementation is a little different as the plough appears to merge into the chassis .
The theory is to better control the air feeding the sidepods and floor but the risk of such a contraption is , again , consistency .
Trashing the air under the nose is a sure fire way to wreck the performance of the diffuser .
I ’ll be intrigued to see if McLaren keeps the snow plough and if other teams pick up the device .
Mercedes W01
Mercedes , like Ferrari and a host of other teams , have also adopted the V - nose .
Interestingly the front part of the nose appears to droop and is lower than that of other teams .
This droop is to try to force air between the nose and wing which then expands into a venturi between the wheels .
The theory is similar to the Brawn solution last year , although the implementation is different .
This will counter some of the lift produced by the nose although , ironically , the droop shape will create more lift .
High noses are all the rage this year .
Again this treatment should allow a more consistent flow of air under the car to the floor .
And guess what that means ?
A more effective diffuser .
Perhaps more interesting is the re-emergence of single keel suspension .
When raised noses first came into vogue designers placed a keel below the nose to attach the lower suspension arms to .
This kept the integrity of the suspension geometry but at an aerodynamic cost .
Eventually teams figured out that the aero compromise was too large and changed the suspension geometry to connect direct to the chassis .
The W01 has a small keel in at attempt to improve the suspension and the loading on the tyres .
The chamfered V - nose allows this implementation and it will be interesting to see if it is a one - off or if other teams follow .
The two other innovative features sported by the Mercedes W01 are the air box and engine cover .
The engine cover is a hybrid between the classic tapered cover and the shark fin .
The W01 looks like it has a razor blade ( or perhaps a Stanley knife ) emerging from the top of the airbox .
The principle is the same as the shark fin – to control flow to the rear wing and mute lift .
The other innovation is the airbox .
The airbox usually incorporates the roll hoop but the hoop is now a thick vertical support on the centreline of the car .
To cool the car there are openings either side of this support – the airbox is effectively split in two .
In addition there are some openings a bit further back allowing cool air to seep over the engine cover .
At this stage it is unclear exactly its purpose but it is likely to help cooling with some of the engine and ancillary components that have been moved rearwards e.g. , the oil pump .
Other teams
Given the RB6 is yet to be unveiled , outside the top three there are few startling aerodynamic innovations .
The new Renault is intriguing with suggestions that the designers have n’t had to lengthen the car as much as some other teams , which may give an advantage at some tracks .
Also the word in the paddock is that the Renault powerplant is among the most efficient .
Renault later introduced a W shaped rear wing in an attempt to improve the consistency of airflow particularly when cornering .
2009 did n’t see a lot of innovation with the rear wing – teams were spending more resources optimising the endplates and diffuser .
Expect more development focus on the rear wing in 2010 .
In early testing Sauber posted some competitive times but that could have more to do with a lack of sponsorship rather than a glut of speed .
Nevertheless the car looks well packaged , with small sidepods and a highly tapered coke - bottle zone – all important for optimising the diffuser .
Although Williams promised a lot last year – especially in free practice – the team rarely delivered over race distance .
That was due in part to a compromised car which was designed with KERS in mind but never ran it .
The FW32 is designed from the ground up and is different to last year ’s incarnation .
The Didcot - based team has adopted the obligatory v-nose and also has a snow plough type device ahead of the front splitter .
This works different to the McLaren snow plough and channels air down to the floor .
The air spills under the floor and feeds the diffuser .
The FW32 was the first of the Cosworth powered cars to be launched – at this stage its far too early to say whether the Cosworth is going to be competitive .
It was slightly ominous that the FW32 was among the slowest cars in Valencia , but the team made a lot of comments about not knowing what fuel loads everyone else was running .
This is also the first time in Toro Rosso ’s five - year history the team have had to design and build a car without Red Bull ’s engineering help .
Unsurprisingly , the new car looks very similar to the RB5 .
This team , which has effectively used a customer chassis with some developments since 2006 , are likely to suffer most in the development race .
Finally a big hand should be extended to Nick Wirth and his team at Virgin Racing .
The VR01 rolled off the production line last week and look reasonably detailed bar an noticeably simplistic front wing .
Here ’s hoping that Wirth comes good – Virgin , by going for a CFD - only approach , is innovating where others dare not to .
Testing
Although its tempting to read a lot into the testing times , this year we should be even more wary of making that mistake .
Not only has the variance in fuel loads increased considerably but the Valencia circuit is one of the worst for getting a proper read on a car ’s performance .
It has virtually no high speed corners , which is where the performance of a car is really measured .
To wit , the MP4 - 24 would do well at this track – the last thing any prospective team principal wants is to have his car compared to that dog .
After the Barcelona test we ’ll have much greater insight into the speed of each team .
Expect there to be fewer surprises than there were when Brawn showed up at the end of last year ’s tests .
Before then , we have anything up to a further seven cars yet to appear , starting with the Force India and Red Bull later this week .
Pictures of the 2010 F1 cars launched so far
This is a guest article by John Beamer .
If you want to write a guest article for F1 Fanatic you can find all the information please email Keith .
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News
Western nations failed to understand how China works , says Lord Stern The " disappointing " outcome of December 's climate summit was largely down to " arrogance " on the part of rich countries , according to Lord Stern .
The economist told BBC News that the US and EU nations had not understood well enough the concerns of poorer nations .
But , he said , the summit had led to a number of countries outlining what they were prepared to do to curb emissions .
Seventy - three countries have now signed up to the non-binding Copenhagen Accord , the summit 's outcome document .
The weak nature of the document led many to condemn the summit as a failure ; but Lord Stern said that view was mistaken .
" The fact of Copenhagen and the setting of the deadline two years previously at Bali did concentrate minds , and it did lead ... to quite specific plans from countries that had n't set them out before , " he said .
The reality is different from half a year ago
Gro Harlem Brundtland
UN special envoy on climate change
Still real , still a problem " So this process has itself been a key part of countries stating what their intentions on emissions reductions are - countries that had not stated them before , including China and the US .
" So that was a product of the UNFCCC ( UN climate convention ) process that we should respect . "
The former World Bank chief economist and author of the influential 2006 review into the economics of climate change was speaking to BBC News following a lecture at the London School of Economics ( LSE ) , where he now chairs the Grantham Research Institute on Climate Change and the Environment .
During the lecture , he compared the atmosphere at the Copenhagen summit to student politics in the 1960s - " chaotic , wearing , tiring , disappointing " - and said it was one in which countries had little room for real negotiating .
However , he said , it was vital to stick with the UN process , whatever its frustrations .
Twin tracks
Having failed to agree a treaty to supplant or supplement the Kyoto Protocol , and having failed to set a timetable for agreeing such a treaty , opinions are inevitably split on how countries seeking stronger curbs on greenhouse gas emissions should move forward .
It could have been much better handled by the rich countries
Lord Stern Speaking in Brussels , Gro Harlem Brundtland - the UN 's special envoy on climate change - suggested there would now be a twin - track approach , with some of the important discussions taking place outside the UNFCCC umbrella .
She also acknowledged that the talks had proved much more problematical than some governments - particularly in the EU - had anticipated .
" They got the message that it was much more complicated than [ they had believed ] , and that they have to work with Brazil and China and others , not only in the broad framework of UN negotiations but also more directly and pragmatically , " she said .
" The reality is different from half a year ago . "
Lord Stern agreed that what he described as the " disappointing " outcome of the Copenhagen talks was largely down to rich nations ' failure to understand developing world positions and concerns .
" [ There was ] less arrogance than in previous years - we have , I think , moved beyond the G8 world to the G20 world where more countries are involved - but [ there was ] still arrogance and it could have been much better handled by the rich countries , " he said .
The EU limited its room for manoeuvre , he said , because too many of the leading political figures wanted to demonstrate that they were leading .
Brass from pockets
The most concrete part of the Copenhagen Accord is an agreement that richer countries should raise funds to help poorer nations adapt to climate impacts and " green " their economies .
Lord Stern is a member of the group set up by UN Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon to advise on how to raise $ 100 bn ( £ 66 bn ) per year by 2020 using various " innovative mechanisms " that could include taxes on international aviation and banking transactions .
But the immediate objective , he suggested , was to enact the short - term promise of providing $ 30bn over the period 2010 - 12 from the public purses of western nations .
If that money did not start to move fairly quickly , he said , that would further erode trust among developing countries .
Speaking in Brussels during a meeting with EU leaders , Mexico 's environment secretary Juan Rafael Elvira endorsed the point .
" The developing world needs to see clear signals to have something in their hands at Cancun , " he said .
The Mexican coastal city will host this year 's UNFCCC summit .
" The developing countries want to see this money unblocked ; the island nations especially are waiting for this funding , " said Mr Elvira .
How and where these funds are to be disbursed has yet to be decided .
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
by Brett Stevens on March 16 , 2010
I ’m liking much of what Obama has done lately .
At least , his willingness to tackle issues like overfishing and some pollution is commendable .
But on education , he really screws the pooch .
Speaking as someone with no shortage of experience in education , there ’s only one rough way to do it correctly .
As in writing , where what you write depends on your audience , in education what you teach depends on your students — except that they come in strata .
You either teach to the top or to the bottom .
All subvariants of a plan distill or decay down to one of these two : teach to top , or teach to bottom .
Teaching to the bottom is the “ inclusive ” and politically correct method .
In this view , all your students and the teacher are so damn smart that a new idea will be introduced , they ’ll get it , and then wait patiently for Joe Slow and Callie Clueless to catch up .
In reality , while we ’re waiting , everyone zones out including the teacher .
This produces school that bores its students , causing more discipline problems , which ends up becoming a jail ( to handle the discipline problems ) in which boredom is the norm ( because everyone is zoned out or waiting for the slow ) .
In Texas schools , they ’re even “ mainstreaming ” retarded ( sorry : “ mentally challenged ” and “ learning disabled ” ) students so that the whole class gets to wait for the 70 IQ point kids in the back to grasp what a concept is , or even remember the name of the subject .
Teaching to the top is how we used to do it in this country and Europe .
In this view , education is like a speed train or a hose you drink from in the summer .
It constantly generates high - intensity material so that smart kids are not bored , and lets everyone grasp what they can .
A student who is both intelligent and organized will capture the 90 % of this material necessary to perform quite well .
Dumb students are just screwed , but they end up getting mercy Cs and getting passed along to next year .
Obama ’s plan combines teaching to the bottom with penalties for those who do not make bricks out of mud alone , e.g. somehow motivate those politically equal but mentally unequal slow kids to perform as well as the smart ones :
In interviews , they said the administrationâ€™s proposal for rewriting the main law outlining federal policies on public schooling , No Child Left Behind , would continue what they called an overemphasis on standardized tests , impose federal mandates on issues traditionally handled in collective bargaining , and probably lead to mass firings of teachers in low - performing schools .
The proposals , Mr. Duncan said , would encourage states and school districts to develop better teacher evaluation systems , better teacher education programs , and more effective career advancement systems .
The administrationâ€™s plan for the No Child revision would , if enacted by Congress , replace the lawâ€™s accountability system , based around the goal of bringing all students to proficiency in reading and math by 2014 , with another intended to help all students graduate from high school ready for college and career by 2020 .
The current system has labeled one in three of the nationâ€™s 98,000 schools as failing , far more than any level of government can help , and the process has left many teachers demoralized .
The administrationâ€™s proposal would instead focus the most intense school turnaround efforts on about 5,000 of the most chronically failing schools .
– NYT
So Obama ’s plan is to penalize teachers for lagging behind , and throw our money into the chronically failing schools .
This not only neglects our best hope , which is the smart / motivated / organized kids , but also will penalize teachers for not being able to make a silk purse out of a sow ’s ear .
If a student has an IQ of 90 , they ’re not fodder for high school or college .
They will never be in an advanced class .
They will only fail .
Even worse , by continuing our deflation of the value of an American high school education , we ’ve forced colleges to take over the tasks of remedial education , which wastes half of a college degree on menial stuff .
That means in turn that a college degree is not worth much , and so we all must rush out for graduate education .
In turn , that is n’t worth that much , since a lot of it gets dedicated to filtering and re-reducating undereducated college students .
By teaching to the bottom , we ’ve reduced our education system to three tiers of high school .
As a result , every single person out there wants a college degree and thanks to the dumbing - down , they can get one — but this in turn dumbs down college further and makes each college degree that much less valuable .
If every job candidate went to college , and even elite colleges accept relatively unstellar students for political or financial reasons , the college degree becomes the new high school diploma .
Two articles in the last year have attacked this idea .
In the first , Charles Murray points out that college for people under 115 IQ points is a total waste of time .
In the second , Thomas Reeves shows how many students do better by not going to college , which in turn prevents the dilution of the value of a degree .
America stumbles downward toward third - world status not because we ’re importing third world workers , but because we ’ve dumbed ourselves down to the point where we ’re useless and expect a gold ribbon for showing up and writing our name on the page .
The rest of the world does n’t work that way , and we ca n’t afford to keep working that way as we get more dysfunctional .
We need to reverse dumbing down , but Obama ’s combination of focusing on the negative low performers , and penalizing teachers for not making them high performers , only worsens the situation .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Why carry around a netbook and a smartphone when you can have a netbook / smartphone ?
Why indeed .
Especially when you can have something as sensible as the BPhone , which is now finally available for the completely reasonable price of $ 569.99 ( unlocked , of course ) .
That will get you a not - quite - pocketable convertible device with a 5 - inch touchscreen , along with a 624MHz Marvell CPU , ARM Linux 2.6 for an OS , 256GB of flash storage , built - in Bluetooth , WiFi and GPS , and quad - band GSM connectivity on the " phone " side of the equation .
Sound like just the thing you 've been looking for ?
Hit up the link below to get your order in .
[ Thanks , BrianB ]
F. A. Hayek ’s The Road to Serfdom is making another run on the Amazon bestseller list .
American politics , particularly in the big - government , ever - more - insolvent blue states , are increasingly driven by scandal .
We are witnessing a meltdown of the political class in states where the growth of government has , even in weakened economies , offered bountiful opportunities for living well off the public purse .
Illinois , New York , New Jersey , and Connecticut have all had to force corrupt governors from office in recent years .
But now New York is sprinting ahead in the scandal sweepstakes .
If extraordinary front - page editorials in today ’s New York Daily News and New York Post calling for the resignation of David Paterson are any measure , the Empire State is headed for its third governor in three years .
That is n’t to say that Illinois , New Jersey , and Connecticut have n’t put up a good fight .
A recent string of scandals helped defeat New Jersey governor John Corzine at the polls and forced Connecticut senator Chris Dodd to drop his reelection bid .
In Illinois , Barack Obama ’s path to the presidency was paved by two scandals against would - be opponents that opened the door to the Senate for him .
The governor whom Obama twice supported for office , Rod Blagojevich , has been impeached , in part for trying to sell Obama ’s Senate seat , while the man who bought the seat , Roland Burris , has been forced to step aside come November .
Alexi Giannoulias — Obama ’s buddy , heir to the Broadway Bank , and the Democratic nominee for the Obama - Burris seat — is involved in his own troubles .
His family ’s once - thriving bank made loans to the mob-associated Michael “ Jaws ” Giorango , who was convicted of running gambling and prostitution operations , and to Tony Rezko , a fixer with close ties to both Obama and Blagojevich .
It seems unfair not to give Scott Lee Cohen , briefly this year ’s nominee for Illinois lieutenant governor , a passing mention .
Cohen , a pawnbroker who self - financed his runaway victory despite being unable to pay child support to his ex-wife , dropped out of the race after accusations came to light that he had held a knife to the throat of one of his girlfriends , a prostitute .
And then there ’s Obama ’s hometown of Chicago , where he racked up an enormous majority in the Democratic Party presidential primary that was crucial to his early lead over Hillary Clinton in the popular vote count .
A new study from the Better Government Association notes that in the past 36 years , “ 31 sitting or former Chicago aldermen have been convicted of corruption or other crimes . ”
Illinois and New Jersey are probably the only two states where corruption has burrowed so deeply as to involve the public medical schools .
In Illinois , until recently , you could buy admission to the state ’s medical school .
In New Jersey , thanks to the patronage of Senator Robert Menendez of Hudson County — a man elected to the U.S. Senate despite being caught on tape engaging in a shakedown — until last year you could buy the presidency of the University of Medicine and Dentistry .
Shocking ?
Not when you remember why former New Jersey senator Robert “ the Torch ” Torricelli was forced to drop out of his 2002 campaign for reelection : he had accepted gifts from David Chang , a lobbyist of sorts for nuclear North Korea .
New Jersey law clearly states that in the final 51 days of a campaign , a candidate , no matter how badly tarnished , ca n’t be replaced by a substitute .
Never mind : Torricelli ’s fellow Democrats on the New Jersey Supreme Court shredded the law and allowed him to be replaced by fellow Democrat Frank Lautenberg , a former U.S. senator who went on to win the election .
Lautenberg , whose accomplishments as senator are less than noteworthy , was one of the 60 votes that allowed President Obama to push his health - care proposals .
But for all this , New York does n’t need to take a backseat to Illinois and New Jersey .
In the past few years , Joe Bruno , the Republican temporary president of the New York State Senate , and Democrat Alan Hevesi , the New York State comptroller , have been forced to step down and then convicted of taking bribes .
Meanwhile , the inventory of state legislators and New York City Council members caught up in shenanigans is too long to list , though Hiram Monserrate is worthy of special mention .
Monserrate , who has enjoyed close ties with the Scientologists , helped paralyze the State Senate for two months this past summer while he switched back and forth between the parties , looking to buy himself the best possible deal .
Earlier , he had assaulted a lady friend with a piece of broken glass .
When that case finally came before the bar of justice , Monserrate , an embarrassment even in Albany , was rebuked by the courts and expelled from the Senate .
Now , Charlie Rangel — New York State ’s ranking member in the U.S. Congress and the chair of the House ’s powerful , tax - writing Committee on Ways and Means — has been given a slap on the wrist by his fellow Democrats on the House Ethics Committee for taking lobbyist money for a junket to the Caribbean .
Rangel , who is far better at raising other people ’s taxes than at paying his own , also recently discovered that his taxable net worth was roughly $ 1.5 million more than he had previously stated .
But when all is said and done , top billing in this debauched political floor show goes to the governorship of New York .
Two years ago , Eliot Spitzer , anointed by The New Republic as a liberal messiah — this was in the pre-Obama days — had a brief rocky stretch as governor after he was caught using the state police to try to gather incriminating evidence about political rival Joe Bruno .
But it was his patronage of a brothel that brought down this self - proclaimed supporter of women ’s rights .
The state police and the abuse of women play a similarly prominent role in the current scandal involving Spitzer ’s successor , David Paterson .
One of Paterson ’s first acts after his predecessor ’s fall from grace was to admit his own extramarital affairs , including with staff members , and past drug use .
He also demanded that Attorney General Andrew Cuomo investigate the state police , claiming that it had a special unit to collect information on public figures .
Cuomo ’s investigation , released last year , unearthed no such unit , but it did find political interference by state police higher - ups , including an attempt to lessen the impact of a domestic - violence report involving a Republican congressman .
Now , in the middle of a budget crisis , Paterson has been caught in a new disgrace in which , like Spitzer , he ’s apparently put the state police to personal use .
One of his closest aides , David Johnson , had by all accounts physically intimidated a girlfriend who went to court to receive an order of protection against him .
But before she was to testify in court , she was visited by state police superintendent Harry Corbitt .
She never testified .
Key political allies have now called on Paterson to end his reelection campaign .
Even more ominously , some political figures , including Congresswoman Nita Lowey , are now saying publicly what they ’ve been discussing privately : that it ’s time for the inept Paterson , who ’s been largely ignored by the state ’s spendthrift legislature , to step down from office .
A resignation by the floundering Paterson would turn the governorship over to his unelected lieutenant governor , Richard Ravitch , who no longer seems to be in regular contact with Paterson .
Ravitch owes his office to a dubious ruling by New York ’s highest court , the Court of Appeals .
It was a decision , like that in the Torricelli case , that directly contradicted the state ’s constitution , which made no provision for appointing a lieutenant governor should the post become vacant .
The constitution does provide that in such a case , the president of the State Senate “ shall perform all the duties of the lieutenant governor . ”
But as they eyed the chaos in the Senate — where Joe Bruno had been forced to resign as president , and where a collection of parochial pols , including the ineffable Monserrate , were running the show — the majority of the justices decided that the letter of the law needed to be ignored .
( This may turn out for the best .
As temporary president of the Senate , Democratic Majority Leader Malcolm Smith would have been next in the line of succession to the governorship , if not for the court ’s legitimating Ravitch ’s appointment .
If Smith had become governor , he too would have been mired in scandal , having played a key role in the rigged bidding process that handed a lucrative state contract to run casinos to a group of which he was a partner . )
Paterson ’s appointment of Ravitch as lieutenant governor may be recorded as his best decision .
The widely respected 75 - year - old Ravitch , who played a key role in New York City ’s 1975 fiscal crisis , has no political ambitions , and he has the intelligence and integrity , despite a predilection for new taxes , to stabilize the ship of state for the time being .
In fact , it is the presence of Ravitch in the lieutenant governorship that makes it possible to call for Paterson ’s immediate resignation .
In both New York and Illinois , there is a close connection between fiscal irresponsibility and political malfeasance .
Both states are in marked decline ; both are essentially one - party polities run by Democrats ( although the Republicans , when in office , have engaged in their fair share of corruption ) .
In both cases , a largely unaccountable political class left unchecked by a decreasingly engaged electorate has , buffered by the rhetoric of compassion , gone into business for itself .
Big government may not be good for the economy or for the citizens , but it been very good for a political class that has thrived on state spending despite the growing risk of getting hauled off to the hoosegow .
In New York and Illinois , oversized government seems immune to reform ; scandals have led only to new scandals .
In the absence of functioning political and fiscal systems , excessive spending in New York and Illinois , like that in famously corrupt Greece and Spain , can probably be restrained only by the bond market .
But by the time that happens , we can expect each of these semi-sovereign entities to be in for a long stretch of hard times .
This year , my wife and I gave our big - boy - first - grader son Hudson the right to pick his own afterschool activities , and , not surprisingly , he chose the one most likely to result in domestic mayhem :
Tae kwon do .
In a more disciplined soul , martial arts might be a means to achieve focus and inner calm ; for Hudson , it 's mostly been a new way to menace the dog .
Finally , after catching him demonstrating new kicks to ( that is to say , on ) his baby brother , I made a deal that if he would stop performing his mad martial skills in the house , I 'd show him a slightly safer way to work off his urge to spar , in the form of our friendly living - room Nintendo Wii .
Through the magic of Wii Virtual Console , I downloaded the game that defined my adult arcade - rat career -- Street Fighter II : The World Warriors -- and prepared to teach my offspring the first of what would be many lessons in Not Messing with the Old Man .
Unfortunately , the match ended before it even began .
Faced with the game 's array of character choices , Hudson refused to play any of them except Ryu , which was of course unacceptable , since intense , fireball - wielding karateka Ryu is my traditional Schooling Instrument of Choice .
Ha - dou - ken !
In fact , aside from the two blond American fighters Ken and Guile , and winsome Chinese kickmistress Chun Li ( Hudson : " I do n't want to be a girl ! " ) , the grotesque " diversity " of the rest of the cast frankly terrified him : E. Honda , the enormously fat , face - painted sumo rikishi .
Dhalsim , the Indian mystic with freakishly long limbs and a necklace made of skulls .
Blanka , the green - hued beast - man from the jungles of Brazil , and Zangief , the bearlike , mohawk - sporting Russian wrestler .
Welcome to multiculturalism ... video game - style .
Pac like me
The incident underscored for me the degree to which video games lag behind in reflecting the real and complicated diversity of the world in which we live .
Video games have come a long way since Pong -- game franchises like Bioshock , Assassin 's Creed and Gears of War tell epic stories with rich , fully realized characters , taking risks with narrative and form that would be impossible in less interactive modes of expression .
And yet the primary characters in each , and in the vast bulk of other PC and console games , are white men of a certain age while women and people of color are relegated to the virtual sidelines .
In fact , despite the questionable taste and authenticity of its visuals , Street Fighter II was actually a revolutionary step for video game inclusion .
It was , after all , one of the first games in which players had the option of taking on a female persona ( one who 's still among the few video game women with a character design built on an athlete 's body type , rather than a stripper 's ) .
And it was also the first game to feature a wide range of playable characters , each with distinct nationalities , ethnicities and backstories .
In essence , the breakthrough it offered was simply that it gave players a choice of identities , something that Matt Kato , senior associate editor for Game Informer , highlights as a game changer for the industry .
" That 's because all the market research that [ video game ] publishers have done supports the idea that when players have a choice , the average gamer wants to be able to play as themselves , " he says .
These days , you can interpret that statement literally : Budding gamers of Hudson 's age and generation , kids who 've cut their teeth on Nintendo's " Mii " build - your - own - avatar system , increasingly expect to be able to customize their on - screen representative with physical attributes that resemble their own .
When they can't , the research shows that they still prefer to have the alternative of choosing a character they can identify with -- at least in gender and in race .
Sadly , outside of the fighting genre that Street Fighter II spawned , it 's an option that remains elusive .
In July of last year , researcher Dmitri Williams of the University of Southern California published the results of a study that took a " character census " of the top 150 games sold on nine popular video gaming platforms , including the Xbox , Xbox 360 , PlayStation , PS2 , Nintendo GameCube , PSP , Game Boy Advance , Nintendo DS and the PC .
The study found that 80 percent of all video game characters were identified as white , a moderate overrepresentation relative to the U.S. population .
Blacks , meanwhile , were underrepresented by about 13 percent and Latinos by a staggering 78 percent .
And while males represent half of the U.S. population , they make up over 85 percent of all video game characters .
In some ways , this should n't be a surprise .
" From the perspective of game publishers , if you 're investing years of development time and many tens of millions of dollars , you want to make sure you 're going to end up with a product that appeals to the broadest possible audience , " says Kato .
" And the vast majority of gamers in the U.S. are white males .
So when someone pitches a game with a protagonist who 's African American , the room goes quiet , and someone will say , ' Let 's think about this -- is there a chance that if we do this we 'll be cutting off part of our market ? ' "
When black or Hispanic characters do make rare gaming appearances , they 're frequently portrayed in alienating fashion :
They 're murderous thugs , savage aborigines , creepy mystics and sometimes , even uglier racial caricatures .
Asians , too :
Although we 're the only ethnic group that 's overrepresented in games relative to our presence in the U.S. population , that 's only because a disproportionate number of games are developed by Japanese companies , and thus by default include Japanese characters ; the number of Asian American characters in the whole history of video games can be counted on one hand .
( It should also be noted that Japanese publishers are generally no more sensitive when it comes to racial and ethnic depictions than American companies .
Capcom , the company behind the Street Fighter franchise , sparked controversy last year when it released the fifth installment of its survival horror game Resident Evil , which featured a white protagonist slaughtering hordes of black zombies in a poverty - stricken African setting . )
As for gender , even games centered on female protagonists do n't necessarily represent a milestone for digital equality .
" When gamers are playing Lara Croft in Tomb Raider , they 're not sitting around thinking about how much women make in the workplace , " Kato says .
" For a lot of male gamers , it 's more that if you 're going to be looking at the backside of some character for the next three or four hours , you 'd rather it be a woman than a dude . "
Still , at the end of the day , they 're just ... games , after all , are n't they ?
Why should the players or the industry even care ?
New game ?
Insert coin .
Latoya Peterson , editor of the blog Racialicious , notes that advocates have long been concerned with the distorted or incomplete view of reality represented in television .
It 's why there 's been so much successful pressure to represent diverse and complex identities in children 's television programming , given the extraordinary amount of time American youth spend in front of the tube ( as of 2009 , some four and a half hours a day , or only slightly less time than kids spend at school -- and more than most spend with their parents ) .
But the role of race , culture and gender in video games has been mostly ignored , perhaps under the false assumption that they represent a relatively small part of children 's media diet .
While that might have been true a decade ago , the average U.S. child today spends an hour and a half a day playing video games , a more than threefold increase since 1999 .
The growing role of gaming in childhood is one of the key reasons for the panel " Social Justice and Video Games " at next week 's SXSW Festival , featuring Peterson and another longtime friend of this column , N'gai Croal , former senior tech writer for Newsweek and proprietor of the game consultancy Hit Detection .
" Gaming has a huge and rising impact on how children see the world , and yet in so many ways , the industry is repeating the worst mistakes of earlier forms of media , " says Peterson .
" You have a type of entertainment that has the potential to be a quantum leap forward , and you do n't see that .
Technology is changing , the world is changing , but the same old cliches are being trotted out again and again . "
Peterson cites the critically acclaimed indie game Ching Chong Beautiful as an example of sour old wine being poured into a new digital bottle .
A satirical riff on wacky Japanese game shows ( and " wacky Japanese culture " in general ) , the game 's lemon - hued characters with narrow , slanted eyes spouting broken - English phrases will be familiar to anyone who 's followed Hollywood " yellowface " history .
And while creators assert such images are merely being played for laughs , repeated exposure to the gaming world 's flood of negative caricatures has real psychological consequences .
In a study last year , researchers at the University of Maryland found hardcore adolescent gamers to be significantly more indifferent toward racist and sexist stereotypes than less frequent gamers -- and more dismissive when peers expressed concern about such depictions .
That 's something parents are more likely to worry about than game developers .
Yet Croal points out that there are bottom - line reasons for the gaming industry to push beyond stereotype as well .
" We 're moving into an era when other forms of media are aggressively moving beyond the stereotypical white - male - protagonist standard -- look at shows like ' Lost ' and ' The Wire , ' " he notes .
" Why do so many games have to be some variation of ' Lord of the Rings , ' ' Saving Private Ryan , ' or ' Black Hawk Down ' ?
I would submit that game developers , in being content to explore such an extremely narrow portion of their creative range , are leaving a ton of money on the table . "
Nothing has as much leverage as money in the entertainment industry .
That 's why arguments centered on equity and responsibility tend to fall on deaf ears , whether delivered to video games or the movies .
But once a new idea or phenomenon proves it can ring the register , it 's invariably subject to endless duplication .
The success of Street Fighter II has n't just spawned an entire category 's worth of clones ; the original franchise itself continues to thrive two decades later , having generated 62 different games that have sold more than 27 million units and earned billions of dollars .
Along the way , it 's brought dozens of new and increasingly sophisticated characters into its virtual world , with richer motivations , more interesting designs and in many cases a surprising authenticity in fighting style and backstory .
The next installment , Super Street Fighter IV , is due in stores and arcades next month .
SSFIV promises to bring back two of the franchise 's most popular black characters , Jamaican kickboxer Dee Jay and British pugilist Dudley , as well as the series ' sole Native American , T.Hawk .
Also slated for inclusion : A hotly anticipated new female character , Han Juri .
A flamboyant , lightning - fast fighter with a cybernetic eye and a taste for devilishly taunting her opponents as they crumble unconscious to the ground , she 's the first Korean Street Fighter combatant -- and , in keeping with her ethnicity , the first to specialize in the art of tae kwon do .
Which means , with any luck , maybe Hudson will want to play as her and stop bugging me to give up Ryu .
HA - DOU - KEN !
PopMail
I mentioned above that you can count the number of playable Asian American protagonists in videogames on one hand .
You might as well make that one finger :
If you do n't count Boy Scout Russell in the various licensed games tied to the movie " Up , " there 's really only one major game whose central character is undeniably Asian American .
I 'm referring to True Crime : Streets of L.A. , which tells the tale of half - Chinese rogue detective Nicholas Kang .
While it was n't without flaws , True Crime : SoLA sold more than two million copies , putting it in the top 100 best - selling games of all time -- even beating out notable titles like Enter the Matrix , The Sims and the original Guitar Hero .
A disappointing , bug - riddled " sequel , " True Crime : New York City , replaced Kang with African American gangbanger - turned - cop Marcus Reed ; it proved to be a resounding flop .
Now publisher Activision is trying to resurrect the franchise , tapping new developers United Front to handle the reboot , simply titled " True Crime . "
And yes , the protagonist is once again Asian , though not Asian American : Detective Wei Shen of the Hong Kong Triad Bureau , who 's been tasked with going deep undercover to take down the island 's most powerful mob organization , the Sun Yee On .
True Crime 's voice cast , meanwhile , is almost entirely Asian American .
Jack Yang ( " Commander Kenji Tenzai " in the Command & Conquer : Red Alert series ) plays Wei Shen ; notable Hollywood talent like Will Yun Lee and Kelly Hu are involved as well ... and persistent rumors also mention roles for Hong Kong icons like Chow Yun -Fat and Michelle Yeoh .
Oh , and my pal and editorial partner on the book " Secret Identities Parry Shen plays a desperate Triad underboss whose voice you can hear on the game 's white - knuckle initial trailer -- " I just wanna get along !
Make some ! " I hear ya , man .
Although the voice of a game character could be provided by anyone capable of pulling off the right performance , Shen notes that producers are generally adamant about casting actors whose ethnicities match their characters .
" There 's actually more typecasting in videogames than in films and TV , not less , " he says .
" I do a great Irish accent , and I 'd love to show it off , but I 'd never get a chance -- not when they can patch in an actor from Dublin and get the real thing . "
Part of the rationale is that these days , character designs are increasingly modeled on the actors providing their performances ;
True Crime utilized a technology similar to that pioneered by Jim Cameron 's " Avatar " to actors ' capture real - time expressions and facial nuances as dialogue was being read .
" The cool thing is , in this game , for the first time in my life , I get to be over six feet tall , " laughs Shen .
" This is a character I 'd never be able to play live action .
I 'd look like a Danny DeVito parody . "
London : Sipping a strong cup of hot coffee
not only helps clear the mind and perk up energy , but it could
be a lifesaver too , for a new study has revealed that caffeine
protects the heart .
An international team has found that drinking coffee
regularly could protect drinkers from irregular heart beats or
rhythms -- and the more cups they drink a day , the less likely
they are to suffer from the condition .
For the study , researchers , led by Dr Arthur Klatsky
of US pharmaceutical giant Kaiser Permanente , followed 130,054
men and women , aged 18 to 90 , and found that those who drank
four or more cups of coffee each day had an 18 per cent lower
risk of hospitalization for heart rhythm disturbances .
Those who reported drinking one to three cups each day
had a seven per cent reduction in risk compared to abstainers .
" While the link didn`t automatically suggest that
coffee alone was responsible for the link , it did appear to
show coffee did no harm , " Dr Klatsky said .
Dr Klatsky added : " Coffee drinking is related
to lower risk of hospitalisation for rhythm problems , but the
association does not prove cause and effect , or that coffee
has a protective effect .
" However , these data might be reassuring to people
who drink moderate amounts of coffee that their habit is not
likely to cause a major rhythm disturbance . "
The latest results , presented at the American Heart
Association`s Annual Conference in San Francisco , followed a
raft of other researches which showed coffee has a protective
effect on the heart .
A report from Universidad Autonoma de Madrid in Spain
showed that drinking three cups of coffee a day could reduce
the risk of women dying from heart disease by a quarter .
Another showed that men who drank five or more cups of
coffee were 44 per cent less likely to die from the disease .
Drinking two to three cups of coffee a day was also shown to
reduce the risk of a stroke by almost 20 per cent .
PTI
A Metropolitan police sergeant who was filmed hitting a woman with a baton at the G20 demonstrations was cleared today after a judge ruled he acted lawfully .
Delroy Smellie was suspended last year after video footage was posted on YouTube showing him back - handing a protester and striking her twice on the legs with his metal baton .
He was acquitted of assault by beating after a four - day trial in which his alleged victim , protester Nicola Fisher , declined to give evidence .
Smellie , from the Met 's territorial support group ( TSG ) , a specialist public order unit , argued during his trial that he believed Fisher posed a threat to himself and fellow officers .
He said he repeatedly struck Fisher after mistaking a carton of orange juice and digital camera she was carrying for weapons .
The district judge , Daphne Wickham , said there was no evidence that his use of the baton was not approved , correct or measured , adding that Smellie had a " mere seven seconds " to act , and other witnesses had feared for his safety .
She said : " It was for the prosecution to prove this defendant was not acting in lawful self - defence .
I have found the prosecution has failed in this respect and the defendant has raised the issue of lawful self - defence and as such is entitled to be acquitted . "
Nodding to the judge after the hearing , Smellie said : " Thank you very much . "
The 47 - year - old sergeant refused to talk to reporters after saying : " I do n't think so , I 've got a reputation to protect . "
His acquittal is a setback for the Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) , which received almost 300 complaints about police behaviour at the G20 protests .
Despite numerous IPCC investigations , no officer has faced serious disciplinary action and none have been successfully prosecuted .
Its inquiry was a response to the worldwide attention sparked when amateur footage of the incident was posted on YouTube and handed to the Guardian .
The IPCC justified its investigation today , saying the public was " understandably concerned " over the footage , pointing out that Smellie could still face disciplinary proceedings .
The Met said in a statement that the officer had been returned to duties .
Fisher , 36 , suffered bruises to her leg and enlisted the publicist Max Clifford to sell her story to a national newspaper for around £ 26,000 .
She failed to attend the trial , saying she was depressed .
Clifford said his client would be disappointed but not surprised by the outcome .
" She sees it as a total miscarriage of justice .
She was convinced that she would n't get justice , " he said .
The incident took place near the Bank of England , on 2 April , during a memorial vigil for Ian Tomlinson , the newspaper vendor who collapsed and died the previous day after being attacked by another officer from the TSG .
Bystanders told the court they had seen Fisher acting in an aggressive way .
Wickham watched video footage of the incident and looked at dozens of photographs .
They showed how Smellie first swiped Fisher with the back of his hand .
The prosecution contended that while that manoeuvre was lawful , his repeated use of a baton against her legs showed the officer had lost his self - control .
Defending the force he used against Fisher , Smellie suggested the images shot by bystanders did not convey the threat he felt she posed .
" Not one photograph or piece of footage comes close to reflecting the fear as I turned around to see this crowd and its proximity , both to myself and my officers , " he told the court .
" At the time I thought , this is it .
She is deliberately coming from a blind spot .
The reason she is coming from a blind spot is to hide her intention so she can approach and attack her target – me . "
Smellie told the court that , had he used other tactics , such as an elbow , he could have broken Fisher 's bones .
Talking about the back - handed strike , he said : " Does it really need a broken jaw , which could easily have happened if I struck her with my left elbow in her face ?
I thought that the most reasonable level of force would be a flick with the hand as a distraction clearance . "
Smellie said that he chose to strike her legs with a baton – rather than her arm – for a similar reason .
" The force of the strike , the differential in size – I could easily have snapped that arm . "
He said that , after striking her : " I hoped that she would either fall to the ground , drop the weapons or go away and get back …
But certainly to ensure that she was not able to use those weapons or that the weapons were not able to be used . "
In her ruling today , the judge said she was satisfied that , faced with a protester " seeking confrontation " , Smellie could not have used other options .
At 10.45 am today , Ian Tomlinson 's family will gather for a memorial on the first anniversary of his death at the scene of his death .
The family have released a letter to the DPP , calling on him to decide whether the officer accused of assaulting Tomlinson should be charged with manslaughter .
The Canadian author set up a Twitter account to promote a book , and now totally loves the OMG's and LMAO's .
She quickly gained thousands of " Twitterpals , " one of whom said to her , " I love it when old ladies blog . "
In a blog post at The New York Review of Books , Atwood breaks down the details of falling into the Twitter trap , " like Alice down the rabbit hole , " and strong - arming her name back from fakes :
I plunged in , and set up a Twitter account .
My first problem was that there were already two Margaret Atwoods on Twitter , one of them with my picture .
This grew ; I gave commands ; then all other Margaret Atwoods stopped together .
I like to think they were sent to a nunnery , but in any case they disappeared .
The Twitterpolice had got them .
I felt a bit guilty . "
And she 's still a little confused by internet trolls , or as she says , " fairies " :
The Twittersphere is an odd and uncanny place .
It 's something like having fairies at the bottom of your garden .
How do you know anyone is who he / she says he is , especially when they put up pictures of themselves that might be their feet , or a cat , or a Mardi Gras mask , or a tin of Spam ? "
The internet is a creepy place , Margaret .
Beware !
Fairies , you can follow her here .
[ Image via Deborah Samuel / CBC ]
A wealthy donor to the first National Tea Party convention last month has sued the convention organizer over a disagreement about the terms for helping to pay Sarah Palin 's speaking fee -- launching a legal battle that threatens to tarnish plans for the next big get - together in July .
Bill Hemrick , a wealthy conservative and founder of the Upper - Deck baseball trading card company , filed suit Wednesday against Judson Phillips , founder of the Tea Party Nation and organizer of the February convention held in Nashville .
Hemrick loaned Phillips half of Palin's $ 100,000 speaking fee to secure the 2008 GOP vice presidential candidate as the convention 's keynote speaker on the condition that he could be a part of Phillips ' developing political action committee .
Hemrick said that after Phillips took the money , he backed out of the committee deal , and then barred Hemrick from attending the convention and Palin 's speech .
The lawsuit filed in Williamson County , Tenn. , seeks $ 500,000 in damages claiming defamation , false light , promise without intent to perform and intentional misrepresentation .
It claims that Phillips had no intention of ever letting Hemrick participate in the political action committee and alleges that Phillips damaged Hemrick 's reputation in a written statement .
" I only got involved in the political thing to try to make a difference , and because of the events that happened , I was kind of denied that privilege , " Hemrick said .
Others back up Hemrick 's claim .
Tennessee Tea Party activist Anthony Shreeve , who was on the convention 's planning committee until he was asked to resign because of a dispute with Phillips , said that Hemrick was solely responsible for getting Palin on the bill , and as a result , the reason the convention was so successful .
Hemrick said he did n't sue before the convention , because he did not want to hurt the Tea Party Movement itself .
" It 's not vindictive .
I do n't want to hurt [ Phillips ] , " Hemrick said .
" I just want him to do what he said he was going to . "
Phillips is currently in Las Vegas , making plans for the next Tea Party convention .
A lawyer himself , he dismissed Hemrick 's claims .
" I have not seen the lawsuit yet , so I can't comment on specifics .
I am absolutely confident the suit is meritless , and I anticipate there will be a verdict for us , " Phillips said .
With the new convention in the lineup , a win from Hemrick could poke a hole in Tea Party Nation 's finances and reputation .
The reputation , however , was shaky from the start .
Speakers , sponsors and even volunteers backed out of the convention once they learned that Tea Party Nation was a for - profit company .
The convention 's PayPal account for ticket payments was linked to a personal e-mail address belonging to Phillips ' wife , Sherry .
Based on an analysis of internal documents showing approximate costs of the first convention , Tea Party Nation should have made a profit between $ 100,000 and $ 200,000 .
The second convention scheduled for July 15 to 17 in Las Vegas will accommodate up to 2,000 conference attendees alone , and ticket prices will hover around $ 399 ; ticket prices are about $ 150 cheaper than the first convention .
Phillips predicts attendance could more than double .
Hemrick said he does not begrudge Phillips for making a profit in a capitalist economy , but his own motivations are to support conservatives and the tea party movement .
" My involvement was simply to raise funds for political candidates , " Hemrick said .
" Not one dime would ever go in my pocket . "
Mpemba Effect .
Image : James Brownridge
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Scientists have known for generations that hot water can sometimes freeze faster than cold , an effect known as the Mpemba effect , but until now have not understood why .
Several theories have been proposed , but one scientist believes he has the answer .
Theories for the Mpemba effect have included :
faster evaporation of hot water , which reduces the volume left to freeze
formation of a frost layer on cold water , insulating it
different concentrations of solutes such as carbon dioxide , which is driven off when the water is heated
The problem is that the effect does not always appear , and cold water often freezes faster than hot water .
Radiation safety officer with the State University of New York , James Brownridge , has been studying the effect in his spare time for the last decade , carrying out hundreds of experiments , and now says he has evidence that supercooling is involved .
Brownridge said he found water usually supercools at 0 °C and only begins freezing below this temperature .
The freezing point is governed by impurities in the water that seed ice crystal formation .
Impurities such as dust , bacteria , and dissolved salts all have a characteristic nucleation temperature , and when several are present the freezing point is determined by the one with the highest nucleation temperature .
In his experiments , Brownridge took two water samples at the same temperature and placed them in a freezer .
He found that one would usually freeze before the other , presumably because of a slightly different mix of impurities .
He then removed the samples from the freezer , warmed one to room temperature and the other to 80 °C and then froze them again .
The results were that if the difference in freezing point was at least 5 °C , the one with the highest freezing point always froze before the other if it was heated to 80 °C and then re-frozen .
Brownridge said the hot water cools faster because of the bigger difference in temperature between the water and the freezer , and this helps it reach its freezing point before the cold water reaches its natural freezing point , which is at least 5 °C lower .
He also said all the conditions must be controlled , such as the location of the samples in the freezer , and the type of container , which he said other researchers had not done .
The effect now known as the Mpemba effect was first noted in the 4th century BC by Aristotle , and many scientists have noted the same phenomenon in the centuries since Aristotle ’s time .
It was dubbed the Mpemba effect in the 1960s when schoolboy Erasto Mpemba from Tanzania claimed in his science class that ice cream would freeze faster if it was heated first before being put in the freezer .
The laughter ended only when a school inspector tried the experiment himself and vindicated him .
Explore further Freezing point of supercooled water varies with electric charge
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
Zimbabwe : Morgan Tsvangirai condemns homosexuals in raw terms
Zimbabwe ’s Premier Morgan Tsvangirai has joined veteran leader Mugabe in declaring that homosexuality has no place in Zimbabwe .
Lost in the coverage of the so - called climategate email controversy is a key point about the IPCC ’s track record of climate change estimates .
James McCarthy is on the faculty of the Harvard Medical School Center for Health and the Global Environment .
He spoke February 21st at the annual meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in San Diego :
“ If you were to go back and map the IPCC projection for sea level rise and temperature in 1990 , look at it in 1995 , look at it in 2000 .
In retrospect you would find that they were conservative .
So we talk about errors .
If you were to do two ledgers — here are IPCC overestimates , here are IPCC underestimates — over the 20 or so years that these assessments have been running , the underestimate ledger would be much larger than the overestimate .
Even with glitches — clearly erroneous editing or sloppy editing that led to these erroneous statements that got us in trouble recently . ”
— Steve Mirsky
The Chinese government has helped turn the country into an alternative energy powerhouse using a slew of policies that support domestic renewable fuel industries , according to a study released Monday .
A sweeping mix of preferential financing , rebates , tax incentives and subsidies for Chinese - owned and - controlled clean - tech companies between 2002 and 2009 was implemented as the country faced rising energy consumption , according to the report from the National Foreign Trade Council .
Policies include the 2005 measure that required wind farms in China to be built using at least 70 % locally produced materials , which pushed several international companies to establish manufacturing facilities in the country .
Chinese utilities must buy all renewable energy generated in the country and then offer the power to consumers at a discount , according to a 2006 law .
A $ 586 - billion stimulus package from 2008 allocated significant funds to renewable energy projects , and a 2009 program offered 50 % investment subsidies for solar power systems connected to the national grid .
The official blog for Google Maps
The former world champion Anatoly Karpov announced on Saturday that he was running for president of the World Chess Federation .
Karpov is trying to unseat Kirsan Ilyumzhinov , who has been president of the federation ( known as FIDE , its initials in French ) , since 1995 .
Ilyumzhinov is also the president of Kalmykia , a small Russian republic on the Caspian Sea .
The federation president is elected for a five - year term , and there is no limit on how many times he ( or she ) can be re-elected .
Karpov would not be the first ex-champion to serve as FIDE ’s president .
Max Euwe , the fifth world champion ( 1935 - 37 ) , led the federation from 1970 - 78 , a period of exceptional turmoil and interest in the game .
Karpov was a favorite of the Kremlin during his decade as champion from 1975 to 1985 — which endlessly rankled his successor , Garry Kasparov .
Though Karpov publicly protested the suspension of his 1984 - 85 title match against Kasparov by Florencio Campomanes , Ilyumzhinov ’s predecessor , Kasparov charged — and many believed — that it was done at the behest of the Kremlin , which was worried that Karpov was on the verge of collapse and would lose the title .
The suspension only put off the inevitable , and Kasparov went on to win the championship later in 1985 .
Ilyumzhinov was elected president in 1995 .
His tenure has been marked by controversies and complaints , partly because the federation has continually changed the manner in which a world champion is selected .
That was one of the problems that Karpov cited in announcing his candidacy .
Karpov will certainly win wide support because of his notoriety , but it will be difficult to defeat Ilyumzhinov .
In 2005 , Bessel Kok , a former chief executive of the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication , an electronic clearinghouse for banks , ran unsuccessfully against Ilyumzhinov .
Though Kok had excellent credentials and is , like Ilyumzhinov , well off financially , he lost because Ilyumzhinov cultivated the support of many of the world ’s smaller chess countries .
The federation runs on a one - nation , one vote system , so winning the support of Ghana is as important as earning backing from the United States .
In this respect , Ilyumzhinov , who is liberal with his money and his favors , is a formidable opponent .
Beijing ’s Foreign Internet Purge
On Tuesday , Google announced that it is considering shutting down its Chinese site and closing its China - based offices after hackers attempted to infiltrate the Gmail accounts of human rights activists .
The company also said that it would no longer censor its search results in China , a virtual death sentence in China ’s cyberworld .
On the same day , Baidu , Google ’s dominant rival in China , saw its Nasdaq stock shoot up $ 64.01 , or 16.6 percent .
China ’s third - and fourth - place search engines , Sina and Sohu , witnessed their stocks increase 4.9 percent and 6.2 percent , respectively .
Google ’s move was not a brave stand against China ’s lack of Internet freedom .
Instead , it was simply the last and inevitable straw .
Google , like Yahoo before it , has been systematically forced out of the market by a Chinese government determined to purge all foreign competition from its
Internet industry , which is expected to bring in $ 8 billion in advertising revenue in the next three years , according to Internet research firm eMarketer.com .
That number is likely to grow quickly as China ’s Internet saturation is only about 25 percent , compared with more than 75 percent on average in OECD countries such as the United States .
In a country well - known for copying and mass - producing the ideas and products of other countries , from automobiles to movies , a new economic tool has been invented : an insidious , uniquely 21st - century form of protectionism .
Although this week ’s news has been perhaps the most visible and largest example of China ’s " firewall protectionism , " Google ’s exit is just the latest in a long line of foreign Internet firms forced to leave the country on the shaky rationale of national security and censorship .
In March 2009 , video - sharing site YouTube was permanently blocked by China ’s firewall .
The Chinese version of the site had been quickly gaining market share against homegrown competitors Youku and Tudou .
State news agency Xinhua said that the root cause of the blockage was a video showing Tibetans being beaten by zealous police officers .
However , Chinese censors had always been able to block specific videos from being shown in China and had no need to shut down the entire site .
Now , Youku is the eighth - most popular site in China , while Tudou is the tenth , according to Web - ranking firm Alexa .
Similarly , in July 2009 , after the riots between minority Uighurs and Han Chinese in Xinjiang , China blocked Facebook .
At the time , Facebook had been quickly becoming popular with young , coastal Chinese and had a fast - growing base of 1 million active monthly users .
The reasoning behind the blockage was that Uighur activists were using the site to communicate and organize .
However , the entire Internet was shut down in Xinjiang after the riots and was not restored for a significant period .
Meanwhile , direct Chinese copies of Facebook , Ren Ren Wang and Kai Xin Wang , have been enjoying enormous success .
Now , Ren Ren Wang has 22 million active users and Kai Xin Wang is the 56th - most visited site globally .
Also in the aftermath of the Xinjiang riots , microblogging site Twitter was cut off by the Chinese firewall for similarly dubious reasons .
Less than two months later , Chinese Internet giant Sina launched a near identical microblogging service .
To further the business - over - politics angle of China ’s foreign Internet purge , China ’s wildly popular instant - messaging service QQ removed a censorship filter after users ’ complaints .
Dissidents and riot organizers can now use Chinese versions of Twitter to organize .
Even a seemingly harmless site , like photo - sharing website Flickr , has been blocked in China , while its identical clone Bababian has grown steadily with foreign technology and no foreign competition .
Likewise , blog - hosting sites Blogger and WordPress have long been blocked in China .
Instead , Chinese netizens use Tianya , the 13th - most popular site in China .
Far from being a sanitized land of boring blogs about daily activities , Tianya also hosts China ’s largest Internet forum , a vitriolic , sensationalized , and hate - filled arena that makes Western gossip sites seem like the Economist .
In the face of an obvious and systematic form of protectionism in perhaps the most important industry for the future , the cheering from many leading American figures for Google ’s " brave " decision seems strange .
If China were attempting to block the import of American tires , instead of American Internet media , would Americans applaud Goodyear and Congress for not putting up a fight against blatant WTO violations ?
Firewall protectionism is part of a greater and dangerous trend .
China has recently shown that it is willing to protect its own industries at any cost , even to the point of all - out trade war .
By pegging its currency to the weak U.S. dollar , it has made Chinese goods artificially cheap .
Third World countries are outraged , and some , like Vietnam , have devalued their currencies to be more competitive .
Europe and the United States are also thinking of retaliating and have consistently been increasing pressure on China to allow its currency to float .
In addition , China has instituted more traditional protectionist measures in the green - tech industry by excluding foreign companies from bidding on several wind turbine projects .
So when media reports that Google ’s decision is a reaction against China ’s desperate need to censor the Internet and spy on activists , and not about protectionism , it rings false .
In a country where dissidents are routinely jailed for years without fair trials under the dubious charge of " inciting subversion of state power , " and poor petitioners from the countryside are routinely thrown into Beijing ’s horrendous black jails for simply airing grievances , it seems strange that China truly needed to hack into human rights activists ’ email accounts .
A more likely explanation is that it was simply trying to find a way to block the world ’s biggest Internet giant out of the Chinese market and was searching for the right button to push .
As for Google ’s " threat " to pull out of the country , China will certainly not be begging them to stay .
The heavy Atlantic swell and some of the world 's strongest tides are to be harnessed by a breakthrough scheme to generate clean marine energy off northern Scotland , with predictions it will rival the output of a nuclear power station .
The crown estate and Scottish government today unveiled a £ 4bn project to build 10 wave and tidal power sites around the Orkney islands and the Pentland Firth , with the potential to power up to 750,000 homes .
The devices deployed will include the Pelamis " sea snake " , which uses the undulations of the sea surface to generate power , and the SeaGen tidal machine , which looks like an underwater wind turbine .
In total , the machines will be able to produce up to 1.2GW of " green " energy , more than Dungeness B nuclear station in Kent .
The crown estate , which owns all the UK 's seabed out to 12 nautical miles , said these projects were the world 's first commercial wave and tidal power schemes .
It is expected to announce new marine power sites in other parts of the UK later this year .
Alex Salmond , Scotland 's first minister , said the announcement confirmed his prediction that the Pentland Firth region – where the north - east Atlantic meets the North Sea – would become the " Saudi Arabia " of marine energy .
The narrow sea channel has some of the most powerful currents and tidal surges in the world , with speeds up to 16 knots or 19 mph recorded .
The area also experiences some of the biggest waves in the UK .
Crown estate officials and the developers accepted these often dangerous waters posed significant engineering and safety challenges for the firms involved .
Salmond said some estimates suggested the waters could release up to 60 GW of power – 10 times Scotland 's annual electricity usage .
Other studies suggest one - third of the UK 's total electricity needs could be met by tidal power alone .
" This is a huge milestone on the way to making that dream a reality , " Salmond said .
" Today marks a major milestone in the global journey towards a low carbon future , with the commercial - scale deployment of marine renewables set to power our economies and help safeguard the planet for generations to come . "
The schemes are expected to cost £ 4bn to install , and will require up to £ 1bn of extra investment – from public sources – to build new national grid connections , harbours and other infrastructure in Orkney and Caithness .
The 10 projects , several of which have already had investment from a £ 22 m UK government marine energy fund , are evenly divided between wave and tidal power stations , with each type generating up to 600 MW .
The projects are being shared by three of the UK 's largest power firms , E.ON , Scottish and Southern Energy ( SSE ) , which already operates the UK's largest hydro schemes , and Scottish Power Renewables , a heavy investor in windfarms .
In most cases , the utility companies have formed joint ventures with four of the UK 's leading marine energy firms , covering small areas of sea with up to 200 machines .
They use a variety of techniques to capture the energy of the ocean .
Edinburgh - based company Pelamis Wave Power , whose sea - snake device is now being tested off the coast of Portugal , will have its own 50MW site in the Pentland Firth and share three other sites with SSE and Scottish Power on the west coast of Orkney 's main island .
Its new devices will each be 180 metres long and generate 750 kW of electricity .
Also to use wave power is a more powerful version of Aquamarine 's existing Oyster machine , in which a lever hinged at the ocean floor is pushed back and forth .
It will be used for a 200MW station with SSE Renewables , and its 200 new 1MW machines are expected to start producing power by 2015 .
OpenHydro , a large underwater turbine resembling a jet engine and bolted to the sea floor , is built by Cantick Head Tidal and will harness the firth 's fierce tides at a 200 MW site south of Orkney .
Another tidal machine , SeaGen , features two underwater propellers attached to a tall column anchored to the seabed .
It will be installed by Marine Current Turbines off Orkney and at a 100MW site north - west of John O'Groats .
SeaGen is currently on test at the " narrows " leading into Strangford Lough from the Irish Sea .
The marine announcement follows last month 's confirmation that £ 75 bn will be spent developing a much larger amount of offshore wind power – at least 25 GW – at nine sites around the British Isles , including two off Scotland .
The several government projects are intended to increase the UK 's renewable energy output , in a bid to cut the emissions of carbon dioxide from fossil fuel power stations and to increase the country 's energy security , as North Sea oil and gas declines .
Orkney islands ' council is now planning to invest more than £ 20 m to upgrade its harbours and port facilities to cope with the huge influx in industrial equipment , ships and workers involved in these projects , which will industrialise large areas of the coastline .
The islands are widely admired for their tranquillity and scenery but Stephen Hagan , the council 's leader , said he believed most residents were keen to see the investment .
With other island councils in Scotland facing huge local unrest over plans for major onshore windfarms , he does not expect significant opposition on environmental grounds .
" I do genuinely think that people in Orkney feel that we have to get the balance right between the long term sustainability of the place and the environment .
I think they see the development of marine renewables as a much better option than onshore wind , " he said .
A non-lethal hand grenade loaded with the world 's most powerful chilles , Bhut Jolokia , has been trialled by the Defence Research and Development Organisation ( DRDO ) in Tezpur in northeastern Assam state , India .
" The chilli grenade would force a terrorist to come out of his hideouts as the smell is so pungent that it would literally choke them , " R.B. Srivastava , a senior scientist and director of the DRDO said .
The hotness of the bhut jolokia , measured in Scoville heat units is 1,001,304 .
It 's nearly twice as hot as Mexico 's red savina ( 577,000 ) , the variety it replaced as the hottest
Credit : CEN
Bill Donohue of the Catholic League , an organization Kathy Griffin once described as one man in a room with a computer , has taken out a quarter - page ad in the New York Times today defending Pope Benedict and the Catholic Church from allegations of sexual abuse of children by Catholic clergy .
In recent weeks the paper has published well - researched articles documenting the abuse , including , 200 deaf boys at a school in Wisconsin , hundreds of cases in the German church ( so many that the Vatican can't handle the workload ) , the abuse of altar boys on video by Brazilian priests .
And just today , some new allegations out of Miami regarding a Cuban priest .
The Vatican tried to cover up this case as well .
Donohue attempts to deflect blame on the church by , among other things , once again bringing up the disproven canard that it 's somehow the fault of gays .
Donohue writes : " The Times continues to editorialize about the ' pedophilia crisis , ' when all along it 's been a homosexual crisis .
Eighty percent of the victims of priestly sexual abuse are male and most of them are post - pubescent .
While homosexuality does not cause predatory behavior , and most gay priests are not molesters , most of the molesters have been gay . "
Sorry Bill , pedophilia has nothing to do with homosexuality , and the Catholic church should be ashamed of its ongoing efforts to cover up the epidemic of abuse that has been inflicted upon innocent children .
You may have missed …
Catholic Priests Sexually Abusing So Many Children Vatican Can't Handle Workload [ tr ]
Video : Brazilian Catholic Priest Allegedly Abusing Teen Altar Boy [ tr ]
Catholic Priest Molested 200 Deaf Boys , Vatican Failed to Stop
It [ tr ]
Posted on by Richard Bartholomew
Father Gabriele Amorth , an Italian priest noted as an exorcist , has published a book - length interview entitled ( in Italian ) Memoirs of an Exorcist .
It ’s typically lurid fare , and the Italian media is of course lapping it up .
Most attention has been given to Amorth ’s claim that there are “ Satanic cults ” operating inside the Vatican , involving priests , monsignors , and cardinals .
Panorama quotes him :
Anche in Vaticano ci sono membri di sette sataniche .
Sono preti , monsignori e anche cardinali .
We ’re also regaled with tales of paranormal phenomena – including Elvis Presley ’s spirit guide :
Il sacerdote descrive inoltre case infestate di spiriti , indemoniati che « lievitano » sotto i suoi occhi , messe nere , vergini violentate , talismani e feticci che evocano presenze demoniache .
Ma ricorda anche spiriti guida , come quello di Elvis Presley che ha visto trasferirsi su un pranoterapeuta , oppure anime dannate che spingono giovani adolescenti al suicidio .
Amorth is not the first priest to allege Satanism inside the Vatican – although , as with the others , actual evidence is not provided .
In the 1990s Archbishop Emmanuel Milingo made the same allegation , and Amorth is described by Panorama as his friend .
John Cornwall ’s book Powers of Darkness , Powers of Light featured an interview with Milingo :
Now Satanism is at its strongest throughout the world .
These are the years of the Devil .
Black Masses , and blaspheming God , and Judas priests .
Before he died Pope Paul VI knew what he had done [ post - Vatican II ] .
He knew it !
He had let Satan free within the Church .
He said he could smell the stench of smoke around the sanctuary .
He said the truth !
Milingo , of course , has since married a Korean member of the Unification Church and formed an alliance with Rev Sun Myung Moon to develop a schismatic church for married priests ; it seems that he also now accepts Unification Church theology .
Amorth explains his friend ’s fall from grace as due to temptations sent by the devil .
And before Milingo , there was the late Malachi Martin .
This 1990 quote has been posted widely on - line :
Most frighteningly for John Paul [ II ] , he had come up against the irremovable presence of a malign strength in his own Vatican and in certain bishops ’ chanceries .
It was what knowledgeable Churchmen called the ‘ superforce . ’
Rumors , always difficult to verify , tied its installation to the beginning of Pope Paul VI ’s reign in 1963 .
Indeed Paul had alluded somberly to ‘ the smoke of Satan which has entered the Sanctuary ’. . . an oblique reference to an enthronement ceremony by Satanists in the Vatican .
Besides , the incidence of Satanic pedophilia — rites and practices — was already documented among certain bishops and priests as widely dispersed as Turin , in Italy , and South Carolina , in the United States .
The cultic acts of Satanic pedophilia are considered by professionals to be the culmination of the Fallen Archangel ’s rites .
This revelation just happened to coincide both with the evangelical - inspired hysteria over Satanic Ritual Abuse , and with increasing public awareness of the reality of catholic priests who were child abusers .
Amorth , Milingo , and Martin have all been moved to feverish excitement by a quote attributed to Pope Paul VI in 1972 ( see here for the original ; H/T this site ) , in which the Pope warns darkly of the “ Smoke of Satan ” .
It seems he was referring to the failure to implement liturgical reforms ; the idea that he was making an oblique reference to Satanic cults defies common sense .
If the Pope believed such a thing was going on , why did n’t he do more to put an end to it ?
Or , if he wanted it covered up , why make his statement at all ?
How could such things still be going on forty years later , and still no evidence has come to light ?
In 2006 , Amorth purported to have discerned “ the signature of the Prince of Darkness ” in Harry Potter :
By reading Harry Potter a young child will be drawn into magic and from there it is a simple step to Satanism and the Devil .
Filed under : Uncategorized
Some really interesting stuff is going on in Poland right now , Microsoft started a really weird action in which they promote the original games for XboX 360 … but XboX Live service ( and Games For Windows Live ) does n’t work in Poland which is absurd because Polish gamers pay for their games the same amounts of money like any other nations do .
Few people did n’t like the whole action so they made their own action , read about it below – written by Kuba Pilecki :
We would like to inform you about our action , that started recently due to the statement of Polish department of Microsoft , responsible for promotion of Xbox 360 in Poland .
We have started a project called “ Nie sprzedaję wybrakowanego produktu – nie kradnę ( I do n’t sell partially functional product – I do n’t steal from my customers ) ” , which was a reaction to an action started by Polish Microsoft .
Our project was originally meant to be an answer to the action organized by Polish department of Microsoft , which was against hard - modding of the consoles and the piracy .
Because one of the representatives of Microsoft advised , that the main reason for a LIVE subscription being unavailable in Poland is due to a piracy , we ’ve decided to react .
Now we are planning to start an international project called “ We want LIVE ” .
As the users of the original versions of the games for Xbox 360 console , we did n’t like the fact , that somebody was insinuating that because Polish gamers use illegal software , there will be no LIVE available for us .
We do not agree with suggestions , that that is the case .
We do not believe that the Polish gamers are responsible for lack of LIVE in Poland .
We think , that after few years of waiting for the start of that service in our country , after dozens of promises
saying “ wait one more month ” – the time we ’ve given is over .
And that ’s mostly thanks to the words of Mr Kuba Mirski .
We do want to make clear one more thing – we do not sympathize with piracy .
As the users of original copies of the games we think it ’s wrong and want to say that we are definitely against it .
We do not want to advise anybody about advantages of one console over another as well .
You might be able to find there some warm words about Sony Computer Entertainment Poland , which showed , that if you want – there ’s nothing that can stop you from giving a network service similiar to the one that the rest of the world receives .
Even if you are a big corporation .
What we want is to show the problem , that really exists .
The issue that is ignored by the decidents of the Polish department of Microsoft .
We would like to get answers for few questions , that no one in Polish game industry wanted to ask .
Wanted or could .
Please remember , that this action is completely private initiative , and please treat it as it is .
What about you guys ?
Do you have problems with XboX Live / Games For Windows Live ?
And one more thing , here ’s the original Microsoft ’s campaign page and the fan reaction page .
I hope they will bring Live to Poland thanks to this :-)
10 February 2010
Any savvy web developer can tell you how many kilobytes their code consumes .
They bundle , minify , compress and tune the data sent out to within an inch of its life .
Wire weight is easy to measure and has a direct impact on your application 's launch time .
But how many milliseconds does it take the user 's computer to parse and load your code once it 's arrived ?
What differences are there between CPUs , operating systems , browsers and plugins ?
What speed leaks are we overlooking ?
The Test
As you look at the data below , keep in mind four things :
Your code is not the only code running on the user 's computer Parse - n - load time comes down to available CPU cycles and RAM
The fastest CPUs are n't getting much faster
The average consumer CPU is getting slower
Even if you look at just sexy new hardware it's hard to ignore low - power clients : there are about 50 million netbooks and 43 million iPhones out there , alongside 10 - 15 million Android devices .
Almost all of them are in the 600 - 1,600 MHz range and have less than 512MB of RAM .
A juicy , growing slice of the market wants to use your software on the equivalent of a desktop from 1998 .
This includes rich Westerners as well as people in the fastest - growing international markets .
The test harness loads a given block of Javascript from a local file over and over and measures the setup time .
My test subjects were the Yahoo User Interface ( YUI ) libraries , Scriptaculous , and jQuery UI .
I 've also included the main Javascript application code from GitHub .
The core test is as simple as can be : record a start time , load the script , record the end time , and repeat over 1,000 iterations .
The tests were run on recently - booted machines with no other programs running .
You can check out the project on GitHub and play along at home .
The Libraries
YUI 2.8.0r4 , 390KB partial ( dom , event , datasource , datatable , layout , tabview , treeview , menu )
, 390KB YUI 3.0 build 1549 , 311KB " kitchen sink "
, 311KB Scriptaculous 1.8.3 , 159KB " kitchen sink "
, 159KB jQuery UI 1.7.2 , 359KB " kitchen sink " , minus translations
, 359KB GitHub.com 09 Feb 2010 , 211KB main application code , including jQuery 1.4
The point of this benchmark is to compare browsers and CPUs .
Comparing the parse - n - load of different libraries puts you on shaky ground .
For example , the YUI2 libraries are as of this writing more comprehensive than , say , YUI3 or Scriptaculous .
On the other hand it 's rare for an application to load every module as we 're doing here .
Also , each library has a diffferent approach to initialization .
YUI2 does a lot of work up - front while YUI3 does things more lazily .
From there you get into a complex question about what benefits each library buys you .
Do not base the choice of library on this benchmark .
MacBook Pro 2.26GHz , OSX 10.5.8
Chrome Safari 4 Firefox 3 Firefox 3.5 Firefox 3.6 Opera 10 Safari 3 YUI3 31 47 78 94 83 69 98 YUI2 11 110 77 105 102 74 120 Scriptaculous 7 38 63 91 71 73 61 jQuery UI 3 40 84 95 84 73 115 GitHub 4 63 67 80 66 54 70
Presario R3000 1.6GHz , WinXP SP3
Chrome Firefox 3 Firefox 3.5 Firefox 3.6 IE 6 IE 7 IE 8 YUI3 ( raw ) 38 163 189 178 118 106 101 YUI3 19 119 143 134 65 61 51 YUI2 ( raw ) 37 187 220 158 209 132 122 YUI2 18 140 165 148 89 83 69 Scriptaculous 14 89 135 116 82 84 44 jQuery UI 11 119 151 136 62 62 53 GitHub 9 89 110 107 56 54 41
MacBook Air 1.6GHz , OSX 10.5.8
Chrome Safari 4 Firefox 3 Firefox 3.5 Firefox 3.6 YUI3 ( raw ) 19 92 219 234 216 YUI3 8 72 178 170 157 YUI2 ( raw ) 24 251 301 268 249 YUI2 15 182 176 190 177 Scriptaculous 10 56 97 163 141 jQuery UI 4 61 150 167 151 GitHub 5 77 131 130 117
NB : the MacBook Air had overheating problems so some of these numbers in this table may be skewed upwards .
On the other hand , that 's precisely the kind of crap your users have to deal with .
So it seems that there is a measurable cost to parse - n - load , and parsing speed does not seem to be correlated with the speed of the interpreter or DOM .
Chrome has some anomalies in the data so for now I am withholding judgement .
See " Curious Case of Chrome " in the appendix .
There is a noticeable spread between different browsers on the same hardware and OS .
Firefox 3.5 is a few points slower than 3.0 , but 3.6 improved on that .
Internet Explorer is surprisingly fast at parse - n - load across all tested versions .
I did n't include standard deviations because aside from some pathological cases they were small .
If you run the benchmark for yourself you will get mean average , stddev , and a time series graph for your enjoyment .
Minification FTW
Here is a comparison of the YUI libraries in " raw " form ( with comments , whitespace , etc ) and the same code minified using YUI Compressor .
As expected , minification helps parse - n - load in addition to network transmission time .
This is probably due to the absence of comments and extra whitespace .
Chrome Firefox 3 Firefox 3.5 Firefox 3.6 IE 6 IE 7 IE 8 YUI3 ( raw ) 38 163 189 178 118 106 101 YUI3 ( minified ) 19 119 143 134 65 61 51 YUI2 ( raw ) 37 187 220 158 209 132 122 YUI2 ( minified ) 18 140 165 148 89 83 69
So What ?
If you have a large amount of Javascript in your application it 's natural to bundle it all up into one file to save on network transit time and increase cacheability .
But if certain parts of your application only use certain parts of the bundle , you might cause the user to unnecessarily parse unused code on every page load .
The ideal would be to decouple three things that are now tightly wound together : network transit , parse - n- load , and cacheability .
There is a lot of work going on in this space but so far there is no silver bullet .
Alexander Limi from Mozilla has a proposal to use zip files for bundling .
The folks at 280 North have found a neat way to do multi- file bundling in their Cappuccino framework , using existing technology .
Google is proposing an extension to HTTPS that allows multiple concurrent streams over a single TCP connection .
SproutCore and the Google Mobile Team recently demonstrated ways to load Javascript code as dumb strings that is evaluated at a time of the programmer 's choosing .
Try this at home
The Parse - N - Load benchmark is open source and free for use .
It 's early and I 'm sure there are bugs .
If you have other kinds of hardware ( Netbooks !
Windows ! Linux ! ) , please try it out and let me know what you find .
Appendix
The Curious Case of Chrome
While Google Chrome appears to be an order of magnitude faster at parse - n - load , the truth may be a little more complex .
Running this benchmark in Chrome sometimes produces sharp cliffs in the time series graph , especially on slower CPUs .
That might be the V8 engine 's inline caching kicking in .
I also suspect it could be caching the machine code it compiles on the first pass .
Or this could be something silly like the CPU coming out of low - power mode .
If anyone who knows more about what 's going on can speak up , please do .
Debugging the Benchmark
The first problem that came up was different blocking behavior between browsers .
In Safari 4 ( but not 3 ) if you create a script tag that points to an external file , that action will block , ie , wait until that file is completely parsed and loaded .
This makes timing it very easy .
In Firefox , however , this action asynchronous : the statement that creates the script element returns immediately and the file is loaded in a separate thread .
This means you have to set up a callback in the separate thread to both measure elapsed time and kick off the next iteration of the test .
You have to be careful not the blow the stack with too many nested function calls .
Google Chrome is also asynchronous and has an altogether different stack behavior .
If all that was n't enough , browsers have very different memory allocation behavior , of which more ( oh , much more ) below .
Adventures in Garbage Collecting
Every browser seems to have a different system for allocating memory while parsing Javascript code .
When you graph the results from Safari 4 this is what I saw initially :
Interesting .
All of the source files in the benchmark are local so that 's not I /O wait .
The regularity of huge spikes suggests that the browser is pausing every so often to free up memory via garbage collection .
When you remove those spikes another interesting pattern shows up .
Here is the same graph with the top 5 % of datapoints removed :
It appears that the parse - n - load time of a given piece of Javascript in Safari 4 will increase linearly with the amount of garbage .
The load time can grow as much as 3X longer than normal before GC kicks in .
I 'm not certain whether this is an artifact of the benchmark or if it actually happens a lot during real - world use .
When I added code to explicitly delete the previous script tag before creating a new one , the sawtooth elongated but did not go away .
Other browsers exhibit similar halt - the - world GC behavior but only Safari 4 and Opera 10.5 alpha have this sawtooth .
Firefox 's graph stays fairly horizontal but has many more small spikes :
A Tragic Opera ( updated )
Initially results for Opera 10.0 had asterisks because I could n't get it to run the complete test .
Opera got steadily slower up to 250 iterations after which it started serious thrashing and had to be killed .
Geoffrey Sneddon from Opera software kindly suggested an alternate way to run this benchmark , ie destroying and re-creating the iframe for each trial instead of overwriting the same document object .
This new method ( dubbed " v2 " ) works well and the Opera column has been updated .
New test runs against the other browsers did not move their 95th percentile numbers more than a few percent , though the standard deviations and number of GC pauses did decrease .
Geoffrey also mentioned that while the condition I triggered is rare in the wild , they will work to fix it in a future release .
Safari 3 hit the wall even earlier , triggering an Out - of - Memory error after just a couple hundred iterations .
The v2 of the benchmark works much better .
Many thanks to Adrien Arculeo , Ryan Tomayko ( GitHub ) , Geoffrey Sneddon ( Opera Software ) , Robert Halliday ( Yahoo ) , Eric Miraglia ( Yahoo ) , Lucas Smith ( Yahoo ) , and random internet heroes for their help , ideas and corrections .
KENSINGTON , Conn . – Representatives of the International Association of Machinists were notified yesterday that Pratt & Whitney intends to lay off 119 workers in Cheshire and 44 in East Hartford .
Company President David
Hess then announced an appeal of the court decision which barred P&W from moving jobs out of Connecticut for the duration of the bargaining agreement because of their failure to abide by contract language requiring efforts to preserve Connecticut jobs .
Before layoffs begin , the company will survey for volunteers , as outlined in the collective bargaining agreement .
But union representatives were given no opportunity to suggest alternatives to layoffs , even though workers are being brought in on overtime in the same areas the company claims there is a “ lack of work . ”
During the trial on the company ’s plot to circumvent the contract and move work out of state , evidence was presented that P&W , owned by the profitable United Technologies Corporation , planned to claim a downturn in aerospace as an excuse for cutting Connecticut jobs .
A union media release stressed that Tuesday ’s layoff announcement , with no discussion of alternatives , seems to “ defy the court ’s ruling , and indicates company executives have not learned anything from the lessons of the trial . ”
“ The top brass of Pratt & UTC were caught in lie after lie during the court trial .
They should have owned up to their mistakes and sat down with us , ” said Everett Corey , IAM District 26 ’s Directing Business Representative .
“ Instead , they think they can save face by punishing workers .
It ’s outrageous .
If they want a fight , they will get one , ” he concluded .
James Parent , IAM District 26 Assistant Directing Business Representative and chief IAM negotiator for UTC issues , responded , “ My message to Pratt is simple : ‘ work with us to save jobs . ’
The same people who orchestrated the plant - closing fiasco for Pratt are pushing these layoffs .
If they want to start cutting jobs , that ’s the people they should start with . ”
Two weeks ago , in a precedent - setting decision , U.S. District Court Judge Janet Hall ruled that the company violated the union contract by preparing to move operations to Georgia , Singapore and Japan without a good faith effort to find other solutions .
She issued a permanent injunction on the company ’s restructuring plan during the term of the collective bargaining agreement , which expires on December 10 , 2010 .
As a result of countless battles for job security , the IAM won model language requiring the company to make every reasonable effort to preserve the work in Connecticut , and to explore alternatives with union representatives .
Photo : Attorney General Richard Blumenthal , now candidate for U.S. Senate , receives appreciation from Machinists at press conference announcing court victory barring movement of jobs .
IAM
ALBANY —
The scandal engulfing Gov. Paterson claimed another victim last night as State Police Superintendent Harry Corbitt was forced out after he came under fire for allowing a senior officer to repeatedly contact a woman who charged she was attacked by a top aide to the governor .
Corbitt , handpicked for the job by Paterson , contended he had decided on his own to retire at the end of today — but sources told The Post he had little choice but to get out or find himself fired because of his conduct .
“ He was toast , ” said a source .
Also last night , it was reported that Paterson urged a female state employee who contacted Sherr-una Booker , the Bronx woman who alleged she was attacked , to tell her he wanted the incident to disappear .
“ Tell her [ Booker ] the governor wants her to make this go away , ” Paterson told Deneane Brown before she reached out to Booker , The New York Times reported on its Web site .
POLL : SUPPORT FOR GOV AMOUNG WOMEN DROPS
PATERSON PLEADS FOR MORE TIME
EXPERTS : RAPS ARE LOOMING
EDITORIAL : ONE DOWN
However , a law - enforcement source and a spokesman for Paterson both denied that Brown had used those exact words .
The source said it was n’t clear if the governor wanted Booker to agree to end her legal efforts to obtain an order of protection against her boyfriend , David Johnson , Paterson ’s top adviser .
Paterson may also have been trying to get Booker to assist him in knocking down widespread rumors that damaging newspaper reports were about to be published , the source said .
Corbitt had been tapped by Paterson to clean up the already scandal - scarred State Police two years ago in the wake of Gov. Eliot Spitzer ’s resignation .
Corbitt yesterday insisted he was tired of “ being attacked every day ” after it was revealed that Maj .
Charles Day , head of the governor ’s security detail , sought to persuade Booker , a divorced mom , to drop an effort obtain court protection against Johnson .
Corbitt , who publicly contended that it was appropriate and standard practice for the State Police to get involved in such a controversy because it involved someone close to the governor , has been widely condemned by state lawmakers and others for his actions .
“ I ’m a cop , a good cop , so to continue to face that pressure — and even pressure from my family — the media showing up in my driveway , that ’s unacceptable , ” Corbitt said during an interview on Albany ’s Capital News 9 .
“ So for my own health , for my own sanity , it ’s the right thing to do . ”
Corbitt was ripped for claiming that the State Police ’s contacting of Booker — which she described in court as harassment and pressure to drop her case — was routine .
“ We never pressured her , at least what I was advised ; we never pressured her not to press charges , ” Corbitt told the Times .
“ We just gave her options . ”
Booker had told a 911 dispatcher and a Family Court judge that Johnson , one of Paterson ’s closest aides and longtime friend , choked and beat her last Halloween .
Paterson was revealed to have talked to Booker a day before she decided to drop her quest for the protection order .
The governor suspended Johnson without pay from his $ 132,000 - a- year job last week .
Corbitt and Deputy Superintendent Pedro Perez testified under oath Monday before Attorney General Andrew Cuomo ’s investigators .
Assemblyman Hakeem Jeffries ( D - Brooklyn ) praised Corbitt ’s departure as “ entirely appropriate , and hopefully it is a substantial first step toward reforming an institution desperately in need of change . ”
Corbitt came under the most intense heat last week , after Paterson ’s deputy secretary for criminal justice , Denise O’Donnell , resigned in protest of what she claimed was Corbitt ’s improper use of the State Police .
Corbitt joined the State Police more than 30 years ago and rose through the ranks to become a colonel and then deputy superintendent .
He initially retired in 2004 .
Corbitt was recalled by Paterson to replace Preston Felton as head of the State Police after Spitzer ’s resignation and in the wake of Spitzer ’s use of the State Police to gather purportedly damaging material on then - Senate Majority Leader Joseph Bruno .
Last night , Cuomo , in his first public comment on the politically explosive probe , promised to complete it “ as far as we can . ”
fredric.dicker@nypost.com
What do you do if you find out Google is having a mapping party in Minsk ?
You turn up and tell everyone about OpenStreetMAp and the lay in to MapMaker ’s “ Batty moderation system ”
No mention of Evil - doing though .
Hundreds of police officers were on the streets of Nottingham throughout Saturday night in an effort to tackle knife crime in the city .
The major operation involved 200 officers as part of a Home Office project targeting 13 to 24 - year - olds .
Officers and a specially - trained dog met young people coming off a number of bus routes .
Metal detectors were used in an effort to find concealed weapons while drug testing was also carried out .
A search centre was set up where a full body scanner checked suspects .
Drug dogs were also deployed on the streets and traffic officers used automated number plate recognition technology to identify vehicles wanted in connection with a crime , stolen vehicles and vehicles or motorists driving without insurance .
I wonder what Sarah Palin thinks of this ?
I mean , I would vote for RuPaul for president before Palin .
Could you imagine if RuPaul were President ?
America would never be more fabulous .
And RuPaul is probably the more qualified of the two .
Wherever you are , Eat Well .
Search over 25,000 hand - picked restaurants , farms , markets and other sources of local , sustainable food .
Where New York
What coffee shops
farmers ' markets
burgers
vegetarian
restaurants
stores
Roberta's Pizza
food trucks
poultry
CSAs
wineries
U - Pick
coffee shops Search
[ This special issue podcast is longer than the usual 60 seconds . ]
Last week , the new Advanced Research Projects Agency for energy held its inaugural conference in Washington , D.C. — a direct response to a growing sense that the U.S. is losing its technology lead when it comes to the race for cleaner ways to produce and use energy .
" We have a Sputnik moment right now .
We are losing our technology leadership and we are falling behind . "
That 's Arun Majumdar , the first director of ARPA - E .
" Our role is to take the high - risk , high - payoff approach to developing technologies which are sort of swinging for the home runs .
Business as usual and the pace of innovation is jut not fast enough . "
The hope is that by seeking novel technologies , like turning a bottle of water into an energy storage device , the U.S. can recapture the lead in the " green revolution " underway in the multi-trillion dollar global energy market .
After all , European companies dominate renewable energy technologies such as wind turbines or solar thermal power plants .
And China is leapfrogging ahead to produce cheap photovoltaic solar cells .
" They missed the first Industrial Revolution , they missed the computer revolution , a lot of the biology revolution , they want to be a leader in the new industrial revolution towards a green energy future , " says our secretary of energy Steven Chu of the Chinese .
" We should be a leader , the leader in this new green energy revolution . "
That 's where the $ 80 billion in stimulus money directly targeted towards energy comes in , including the $ 400 million for this new ARPA -e effort , an effort meant to mimic the success of DARPA in the world of defense technologies .
DARPA is the secretive agency that can be blamed for everything from the Internet to stealth bombers .
There does n't seem to be a shortage of good ideas on energy .
Initial funding will explore everything from liquid metal batteries that store large amounts of electricity to cheaper ways of making solar cells from silicon .
As Chu says " There are hundreds that we believe should be worthy of funding . "
— David Biello
Led by far - right ideologues , the Texas State Board of Education recently gave preliminary approval to a plan that would radically change what children across the country learn in history class .
The ultra -conservative majority on the board - none of whom are experts in any academic discipline and many of whom are explicitly anti-science - took the curricula proposed by teachers and made over a hundred changes to " correct " the perceived left - wing bias .
But it gets worse .
Since Texas is one of the largest textbook markets in the country , material written to cater to the Texas curricula will find its way into textbooks across the country unless textbook publishers take a stand .
Children who use textbooks conforming to the new standards will not learn anything about the political philosophy of Thomas Jefferson or his thoughts on the separation of church and state .
When they learn about the Civil War , they 'll have to study Jefferson Davis ' inaugural address alongside Abraham Lincoln's .
And when they study the civil rights movement they 'll have to learn about the " unintended consequences " of Great Society programs , affirmative action and Title IX .
It 's outrageous .
Education will fail if we can't teach our children history .
We can't let these far - right ideologues co-opt our educational system .
Sign the petition to tell the textbook publishers : Do n't let Texas rewrite history .
A new Web site is hoping to cash in on gamers willing to pay for the opportunity to play video games online with girls .
GameCrush is being touted as the first social site for adult gamers ; women online at the site are able to set their gaming mood to either " flirty " or " dirty , " IGN reported .
The men online are known as Players and the women as PlayDates , and Players pay to play while PlayDates get paid to play .
Players browse PlayDate profiles -- of which there are currently 1,200 -- view photos , and even chat with girls for free .
Once the Player finds a PlayDate he fancies he sends and invite and if she accepts he gets six to ten minutes of one - on - one gaming time .
PlayDates have the ability to block any Player they want for any reason .
When the service launched Tuesday supported only the Xbox 360 and a few casual games hosted on the GameCrush Web site , but there are plans to add PlayStation 3 , Wii , and World of Warcraft support as soon as possible .
Signing up is free , but Players must purchase credits in order to get their game on .
For $ 8.25
Players get 500 credits , which is enough for one game ( 400 credits ) and a 100 credit tip at the end .
GameCrush says it modeled its pricing structure after the cost of buying a girl a drink at a bar .
The company explained that in a bar you 're basically buying the opportunity to chat a girl up , and GameCrush is hoping players will look at their service the same way .
After a session Players can rate their PlayDate on her hotness , gaming skill and flirtiness .
The highest - rated girls will receive preferred placement on the site .
GameCrush wants to turn its most popular girls into gaming stars , and PlayDates keep 60 percent of the cash they bring in .
To find its girls , GameCrush posted a Craigslist ad looking for ladies who want to get paid to play video games .
Massachusetts College Bans Face Coverings , Muslims outraged By By Martin Laine Jan 6 , 2010 in World A Massachusetts college has banned students , faculty , and staff from wearing any kind of face covering , outraging some Muslim groups .
The ban is believed to be the first of its kind at a U.S. college .
“ It ’s no surprise that college safety has become a huge issue of importance in the past couple years , ” said college spokesman Michael Ratty .
“ This is another measure that public safety [ officials ] wanted to implement to keep the campus safer . ”
The policy went into effect Jan.
1 . Ratty did not cite any particular incident or rash of incidents that would have sparked the decision , nor have there been any news reports of trouble on any of the three campuses .
However , last year a 2008 graduate of the school , Tarek Mehenna , was arrested on terrorism charges .
His father is a professor at the school .
Ratty insisted there was no connection .
“ Unequivocally it has nothing to do with that case , ” he said .
At least one Muslim - American group is threatening to sue the school charging religious discrimination .
“ It ’s a very strange policy , ” said Ibrahim Hooper , ” a spokesman for the Council on American - Islamic Relations in Washington , D.C. “ I do n’t know where it came from .
The only thing we can conclude is that it ’s designed to specifically target Muslims . ”
The organization would like to see an exemption for Muslim women who veil their faces for religious reasons .
The school has two Muslim women currently enrolled .
Ratty told the A spokesman for the Massachusetts College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences told the Boston Globe yesterday that the ban was intended to protect the public safety on its three campuses .
The prohibition includes such items as ski masks and scarves , and is not specifically aimed at the traditional Islamic burka .
“ It ’s no surprise that college safety has become a huge issue of importance in the past couple years , ” said college spokesman Michael Ratty .
“ This is another measure that public safety [ officials ] wanted to implement to keep the campus safer .
” The policy went into effect Jan .
1 . Ratty did not cite any particular incident or rash of incidents that would have sparked the decision , nor have there been any news reports of trouble on any of the three campuses .
However , last year a 2008 graduate of the school , Tarek Mehenna , was arrested on terrorism charges .
His father is a professor at the school .
Ratty insisted there was no connection .
“ Unequivocally it has nothing to do with that case , ” he said .
At least one Muslim - American group is threatening to sue the school charging religious discrimination .
“ It ’s a very strange policy , ” said Ibrahim Hooper , ” a spokesman for the Council on American - Islamic Relations in Washington , D.C. “ I do n’t know where it came from .
The only thing we can conclude is that it ’s designed to specifically target Muslims .
” The organization would like to see an exemption for Muslim women who veil their faces for religious reasons .
The school has two Muslim women currently enrolled .
Ratty told the Boston Herald that school officials had met with the two to discuss the policy , and that they were “ on board with it . ”
More about Burka , Massachusetts , Ban More news from burka massachusetts ban
January –
Took new scarf back to store because it was too tight
February – Fired from pharmacy job for failing to print labels … HELLOOO !… bottles wo n’t fit in printer .
March –
Got really excited … finished jigsaw puzzle in 6 months ….box said “ 2 – 4 years ”
April – Trapped on escalator for hours … power went out .
May -
Tried to make Kool - Aid – wrong instructions … 8 cups of water wo n’t fit into that little packet .
June -
Tried to go water skiing – could n’t find a lake with a slope .
July – Lost breast stoke swimming competition … learned later , the other swimmers cheated , they used their arms .
August -
Got locked out of my car in a rain storm …car swamped because soft - top was open .
To level a cake , you possibly get an enormous frikken cake blade ( which I ordered specifically with this job and applied once ) and move at it wanting you can take off the dome evenly .
Or you can purchase adjustable cake leveler which does the work somewhat better .
Sometimes alternative leaves you with a garbage heap of cake particles throughout everything .
This also means wasted cake , and boo to that .
Okay , I am aware you can generally consume the leftovers , but still .
A much better alternative is not to have to level the cake at all by having it emerge completely smooth and stackable .
I have a couple of tricks I take advantage of to ensure I get smooth cake layers .
They work for me everytime !
As your kid grows , you remove the shade , the safety ring , and also the push - bar , as well as the trike transitions to a big - kid mode where , ranked for usage with 4 - year - olds up to 44 extra pounds , it continues to excel against rivals .
Physically , leg as well as core toughness play an essential role in riding a tricycle .
Leg strength advertises movement of the stroller baby tricycle , as well as core strength mainly aids to keep balance .
To instruct your youngster to three - wheel , have her mount the tricycle with her feet on the ground -- not the pedals -- and also demonstrate the circular movement as well as power demands to demonstrate how it functions .
Read more
A doctor is making a routine call to one of his elderly patients .
He asks , ” And how are you doing today , Mr. Johnson ? ”
Mr. Johnson replies , ” I feel just fine , doc .
But you know , it ’s the strangest thing .
Every night when I get up to pee , the bathroom light goes on for me automatically when I open the door ! ”
The players will find the simplest way of having success by after the guns of glory hack properly .
With it , we are able to see several characteristics in the game .
Golds are the primary currency of the game .
With the help of golds , we have the ability to discover different types of in - game stuff .
When we speak about its selection , then there are many resources available .
The players may invest a real income on purchasing the gems .
In the event you do not need to spend a real income and get gems easily then the means of merge dragons cheats are useful .
With it , if we support the friends by granting lives , then we are able to get a coin being an understanding reward .
The way in which of staff feature is useful for making the game simpler .
The players have the ability to question teammates for giving lives whilst the gift .
In this kind of way , we do not need to spend resources on getting lives and keep on playing the game .
The doctor is worried that the old guy is getting senile , so he phones the man ’s son , and the son ’s wife answers .
The doctor tells her , ” Mrs. Johnson , I ’m a little concerned about your father - in - law .
It seems that when he gets up to urinate at night and opens the bathroom door , the light somehow goes on …
” Mrs. Johnson yells , ” STEVEN !
Daddy ’s peeing in the refrigerator again ! ”
A blonde gets an opportunity to fly to a nearby country .
She has never been on an airplane anywhere and was very excited and tense .
As soon as she boarded the plane , a Boeing747 , she started jumping in excitement , running over seat to seat and starts shouting , “ BOEING !
BOEING !!
BOEING !!! BO ….. ”
She sort of forgets where she is , even the pilot in the cock - pit hears the noise .
Annoyed by the goings on , the Pilot comes out and shouts , “ BE SILENT ! ”
` There was pin-drop silence everywhere and everybody is looking at the blonde and the angry Pilot .
She stared at the pilot in silence for a moment , concentrated really hard , and all of a sudden started shouting , “ OEING ! OEING ! OEING ! OE …. ”
Next Page »
Home > Police Enforcement > Tickets and Cash > Virginia State Police Help With Budget Crunch
I am the superstitious kind : I never praise a shot because I fear the moment I do so , the batsman gets out .
Till Sachin was on 190 in Gwalior , I was rooted in my seat in the dressing room .
But when he got to 190 , I could n't contain myself .
I came out and started cheering every stroke till he got to 200 .
When he got to 180 , I knew he was going to get it , but when he was in the 190s I was concerned .
If I was in his place , I would have tried to finish it quickly , because the longer I take , the greater the possibility of me getting out .
I would try to wrap it up in three or four balls .
Also , he was looking really tired : he had been clutching his right side and showing signs of cramping .
So when I stepped out of my seat , I was just saying , " Finish it , finish it . "
But Sachin is never in a hurry .
He is a different kind of batsman - one who can rotate the strike with ease and understands there is no need to take any chances .
Whenever I have been on the brink of landmarks ( Melbourne in 2003 , Multan 2004 ) he has instructed me to do this and do that .
But those are things only he can do .
You might say , this is 200 - a figure no batsman in the history of the game has crossed - but then we are talking about Tendulkar .
He looked calm and confident even when he was at the non -striker 's end in those final moments .
I knew he just needed one ball , and I also knew he would get the opportunity .
He had started the innings in a confident mood .
As soon as he hit his first boundary , off the third ball of the second over , he walked up to me and said the pitch was full of runs and we only needed to time the ball .
He told me not to think of boundaries or going after the bowler .
He was right : throughout he picked the gaps and played the ball as he saw it .
He was not thinking too much and that helped .
Ten years down the line if I am asked to pick a shot or two from his innings I would love to pick many .
But the ones that were special to me were the cover drives off the back foot past extra cover , and the punch , once again on the back foot , past point , off Wayne Parnell .
Another incredible shot was the straight six over Roelof van der Merwe 's head .
The left - arm spinner is a difficult one to get away , but Sachin was able to make the room and the energy to hit it clean over the sight screen .
It is not an easy summit for a batsman to conquer because he needs to possess a variety of attributes .
In the past I mentioned on four or five occasions that Sachin had the capability to score a double - hundred in ODIs .
I was confident only he could achieve such a feat only because of his experience and the kind of form he is in at the moment .
" I have seen him over the last decade and he is still improving with every match .
I think he is in better form now than he was in 1998 "
Importantly , he had the hunger and the patience to last for the entire 50 overs .
You need to bat out the entire innings to score a double .
And it is not so easy because it is not just about hitting boundaries ; it is also rotating the strike .
I knew if he had 150 balls , he could do it , and he did it in 147 deliveries .
I do not want to dwell here on my own batting , but in the past certain people have said I could have scored 200 in one - day cricket , because of my performances in Tests , where I have got near to a hundred before lunch .
But I have had the tendency to take too many risks once I reach the 120 or 130 - run mark in ODIs .
That is difference between me and Sachin .
We have had chats about him scoring 200 .
He thought it was difficult , but I told him only he could do it .
Last year in New Zealand , when he retired on 163 I told him he had missed the opportunity , but he said " Agar meri kismat mein hoga toh woh mil jayega [ It will eventually happen if I am destined to do it ] . "
He said the same when he got 175 against Australia last year .
On Wednesday he said " Woh likha tha , toh mil gaya [ I got what was destined ] " .
Back in 1998 everyone felt Sachin was in prime form .
I was not in the Indian team then .
But I have seen him over the last decade and he is still improving with every match , he is practising more than anybody else in the nets , working hard on his fitness .
I think he is in better form now than he was in 1998 .
Another surprise packed into this compact version of the Pulse .
In the video below the representative stated that this phone can have up to 15 different home screens and this is all done on the stock firmware .
This is a nice looking small device .
If you look past the 2.8inch resistive touch screen with included stylus , you will find that it has some pretty decent hardware components for a low end device .
There ’s a 3.2 megapixel camera , 3.5 mm head jack the d-pad seems to work well when you need more accuracy .
And you have to factor in Android 2.1 , if you buy it you wont have to wait months for it because it is already loaded on delivery .
The 15 panels are arranged in a 5 x 3 grid , and users can swipe from one home screen to the next by swiping up , down , left of right .
Pressing down on the d-pad while on the home screen will show you all 15 in a grid so you can easily add widgets and shortcuts .
This is shaping up to be a great addition to the Android lineup .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fnxmu4OtQUQ&feature=player_embedded[/youtube]
[ via mobileburn ]
Read Ethan Bronner ’s story on Jerusalem in the Times :
Mr. Netanyahu ’s governing coalition … views Jerusalem , west and east , as the undivided , eternal capital of the Jewish people , where it can build where it wants .
The Palestinians and their supporters throughout the Arab and Muslim worlds view East Jerusalem as holy and as rightfully under Palestinian sovereignty .
He ignores the fact that international law is unified in the assertion that Jerusalem does not belong to Israel , but puts an Orientalist spin on it : he points out that Arab and Muslim world regard Jerusalem as holy , which of course is not inaccurate but is only part of the story .
If I had time , I could come up with a good analogy .
But it ’s biased .
And you know it ’s painful to have to read this .
It ’s leaving out the fact that the reader ’s own government and every government in the world regards the East Jerusalem occupation as violating the law .
It ’s unbelievable .
And I ca n’t believe the foreign editor or whoever edited this did n’t recognize this .
Is n’t that the first thing you learn about when you learn about the settlements ?
The boilerplate expression should be : Israel claims a right to all of Jerusalem .
The rest of the world , including the United States , regards the annexation of Jerusalem as illegal and the settlements as illegal .
This is what the current argument is about , this is what the flap in Washington was about , and Bronner is not pointing out the true facts .
The average reader is duped .
It just reinforces the idea that there are two mystical groups there , fighting over a holy city .
Update from sitemaster :
Holy smoke , Bronner himself accepted this point , in a letter to Partners for Peace , five years ago when he was a foreign editor :
The CIA has declined to comment on the latest report An Iranian nuclear scientist who has been missing since June has defected to the US , according to a US media report .
ABC News said Shahram Amiri had been resettled in the US and was helping the CIA in its efforts to block Iran 's nuclear programme .
Mr Amiri disappeared in Saudi Arabia while on a Muslim pilgrimage .
Iran accused the US of abducting him but Washington denied any knowledge of the scientist .
The CIA has declined to comment on the latest report .
Mr Amiri worked as a researcher at Tehran 's Malek Ashtar University , according to Iran 's state - run Press TV channel .
However , some reports said he had also been employed by Iran 's Atomic Energy Organisation , and had wanted to seek asylum abroad .
CIA operation ?
The US and its Western allies suspect Iran of secretly developing nuclear weapons - a claim denied by Tehran .
According to ABC , the scientist has been extensively debriefed , and has helped to confirm US intelligence assessments about the Iranian nuclear programme .
His defection was apparently the result of a wider operation , under which the US has been approaching Iranian scientists , sometimes through relatives living in America , to try to persuade them to defect .
By making this defection public , it appears the Americans are putting more psychological pressure on the Iranian authorities , says the BBC's Tehran correspondent Jon Leyne , who is in London .
Iran 's nuclear programme is the subject of extensive intelligence work in the West with the aims of gathering information on it , preventing Iran buying equipment for it and , reportedly , sabotaging the programme by selling Iran defective parts on the black market , our correspondent says .
Quite how important Mr Amiri is , or what information he can provide , has not emerged , our correspondent adds .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In many areas of the country , one or two insurers have over 80 % of the market .
They can charge anything they want .
And when you get sick , they can flip the bird at you .
So we need a public option .
And they face no real competition because it costs billions of dollars just to set up a national health care network .
In fact , the only one that 's nationwide is . . .
Medicare .
And we limit that to one - eight of the population .
It 's like saying that only seniors can drive on federal highways .
We really need a public option .
And to the right - wing loons who call it socialism , we say , " if you want to be a slave to the insurance companies , that 's fine .
If you want 30 % of your premiums to go to ' administrative costs ' and billion - dollar bonuses for insurance CEOs who figure out new and creative ways to deny you the care you need to stay healthy and alive , that 's fine .
But do n't you try to dictate to me that I can't have a public option ! "
And there is a way left to get it .
By insisting on a vote on H.R. 4789 .
Three votes on health care , not two .
The Senate bill , the reconciliation amendments , and the Public Option Act .
We got 50 co-sponsors for this bill in two days .
Including five powerful committee chairman .
But we need more .
Sign our Petition at WeWantMedicare.com .
Call .
Write .
Visit .
Do whatever you can do to get you Congressman to co-sponsor this bill , and push it to a vote .
Right now , before it 's too late .
Let 's do it !
Cross-posted from The Huffington Post
One way or another , the fate of health care reform is going to be decided in the next few days .
If House Democratic leaders find 216 votes , reform will almost immediately become the law of the land .
If they do n’t , reform may well be put off for many years  possibly a decade or more .
So this seems like a good time to revisit the reasons we need this reform , imperfect as it is .
As it happens , Reuters published an investigative report this week that powerfully illustrates the vileness of our current system .
The report concerns the insurer Fortis , now part of Assurant Health , which turns out to have had a systematic policy of revoking its clients ’ policies when they got sick .
In particular , according to the Reuters report , it targeted every single policyholder who contracted H.I.V. , looking for any excuse , no matter how flimsy , for cancellation .
In the case that brought all this to light , Assurant Health used an obviously misdated handwritten note by a nurse , who wrote “ 2001 ” instead of “ 2002 , ” to claim that the infection was a pre-existing condition that the client had failed to declare , and revoked his policy .
This was illegal , and the company must have known it : the South Carolina Supreme Court , after upholding a decision granting large damages to the wronged policyholder , concluded that the company had been systematically concealing its actions when withdrawing coverage , not just in this case , but across the board .
But this is much more than a law enforcement issue .
For one thing , it ’s an example those who castigate President Obama for “ demonizing ” insurance companies should consider .
The truth , widely documented , is that behavior like Assurant Health ’s is widespread for a simple reason : it pays .
A House committee estimated that Assurant made $ 150 million in profits between 2003 and 2007 by canceling coverage of people who thought they had insurance , a sum that dwarfs the fine the court imposed in this particular case .
It ’s not demonizing insurers to describe what they actually do .
There are many canned openers out there :
Asking a female opinion on what to call a 3 legged cat
Who ’s more vain , guys or girls ?
Is kissing cheating ?
They can all be delivered in 30 seconds or less and are very easy to learn .
So the budding PUA learns around 3 of these , and eagerly ventures into the field to test them out .
If his body language , facial expressions and voice tonality are all correct , and on top of this he uses false time constraints he should get a good reaction from the set over 50 % of the time ( I get good reactions maybe 25 % of the time …
I need to work on my “ I ’m just about to walk off body language ” , smile , and on speaking louder .
Having to repeat an opener kills it ) .
So you open , giving it your best smile , making lots of eye contact , all the while looking like you ’re just asking the question before walking off to rejoin you ’re friends , and the set is all smiles and listens to what you are saying .
If you use an opinion opener , like those listed above , then this may generate one minute of discussion from the set .
So the question is : then what ?
This has been my biggest problem recently .
At first I just needed to overcome approach anxiety , so I ’d open a lot of sets , but then eject after the opener .
This meant that I never knew what to do after opening .
This sounds a bit lame , as in , “ This dude does n’t even know how to have a conversation ! ” .
This is not quite fair .
While I would n’t say I ’m fully socially adept yet , neither am I socially inept .
The truth is that the conversation that follows after opening a set of girls is n’t like most other conversations you ’ll have in day to day life .
The reasons are as follows :
If the conversation does n’t flow easily , the girls will quickly start to wish you ’d leave them alone
You will be speaking to people who you do n’t know anything about , in contrast to the people you speak to in day to day life who you ’ll usually have something in common with
The 90/10 rule : you ’ll usually have to put 90 % of the effort into keeping the conversation going in the early stages of a set
All these points make conversation after opening a set harder than it would be in most other circumstances .
After opening you need to start building attraction .
This means flipping enough of the little attraction switches in her girl brain until a big light goes on in there , and boom she wants you .
I believe this is quite a difficult skill .
If it was n’t , then many more people would get laid much more often just by cold approaching and chatting for a bit .
So here I have a dilema .
I need to go deeper into sets , in other words , have sets which last longer .
In order to do this I should be saying things to the girl which will build her attraction for me .
Thing is this will take a long time to master , and at the moment this leaves me nothing to say after opening .
I have found the solution to be to ignore building attraction for now .
It ’s unlikely that I ’m going to get many women into bed at such an early stage in my PUA ‘ career ’ anyway .
So for now I will just go deeper into set by just ‘ fluffing ’ with the girl .
‘ Fluffing ’ is basically making small talk with a woman .
It is far easier than building attraction , and doing this will allow me to get comfortable with going deeper into sets , and will help me get rid of that feeling of , “ I bet she just wants me to fuck off ” that often builds as I talk to girls for longer and longer .
When making small talk after opening , I ’ll often pick up on something the girl said and run with that .
This can sometimes be hard , so for each of my set openers I have a list of a few possible follow ups .
These are all written down on my iPhone for easy reference .
As an example , I ’ll show you what I have written for the 3 legged cat opener :
Hi girls , I ’ve got to find my friends , but can I just quickly get a female opinion on something first ?
My cousin ’s an animal lover and she recently got a cat that was born with only 3 legs .
My friends and I were talking about this and coming up with possible names for a 3 legged cat .
If you had a 3 legged cat , what would you call it ?
After the opener , I have the following reminders which could be used to create new conversational threads .
On my phone I just have quick bullet points to remind me ( I will typically read through these while on the tube on my way to a bar ) , but here I have also included an explanation for each point :
Hop along , tripod :
These are the names I will say that my friends suggested for the cat
Are women kinder than men ? :
The names proposed by my male friends were kind of cruel , wanted to see if women were kinder can came up with nicer names
Would you ever have a 3 legged cat ?
If they say no , you can get them to qualify themselves by telling them that they are superficial
Any unusual pets ? :
Ask them if they ’ve ever had any unusual pets .
This could lead to an easy transition to getting them to talk about their childhood , and this is a springboard to more advanced techniques used to build attraction , like eliciting values
My goldfish when I was young : funny little story about my goldfish dying , floating to the top of the tank and me trying to convince my dad that it was like that because it was just sleeping .
Again able to transition to talking about childhood
Wanted a Vietnamese pot bellied pig : I really wanted one of these when I was young , but my dad would n’t let me get one .
This can be used to transition into asking her what she has wanted but never been able to get , again eliciting values .
In addition to this , I am also starting to work on a DHV ( protector of loved ones ) story about how I nearly died in order to let my little sister stroke .
Sound ’s crazy , but this one ’s actually true .
I ’ve told it before , but without emphasis on the aspects which make it a DHV .
It ’s also quite funny , but with a hint of peril and fear , so it should be a good one to rouse emotions in my target .
Do n’t get me wrong , not everything has to be scripted .
If something interesting comes up when speaking to the set , feel free to take that ball and run with it .
That said , if you ’re like me and often struggle to keep a set alive after opening , do what I did .
Note down a few possible conversational threads which seem natural to transition to .
An important point to note is that these should not all be questions for them to answer .
You must have stories or anacdotes of your own ( real or imagined ) which you can use to bring accross your personality to them .
This also prevents the situation from feeling like they are sat in a job interview .
I have n’t heard of many women who find being interviewed for a job sexy .
Cloudy Skies for Lufthansa Germany 's National Airline Faces a Difficult Future
The German airline Lufthansa managed to avoid a damaging pilots ' strike last month .
But the company still faces a challenging future .
Plummeting profits and crucial strategic errors have plunged the airline into a deep crisis .
" Outstanding , must - read .
A mind blowing treasure trove of all things fantastically Frankenstein . "
— The Horrors of It All
“ A wonderful blog , as fun as it is informative , and always well written and designed … always teaches me something or sharpens my focus on some detail or other . ”
— Tim Lucas , Video WatchBlog
“ I continue to be amazed , amused , delighted , and awed by Pierre Fournier 's blog , Frankensteinia …
No one does it better . "
— Susan Tyler Hitchcock , author of Frankenstein , A Cultural History , Monster Sightings
“ Beautiful and evocative writing style … as near perfect a Frankenstein experience as I could wish for .
Bravo ! "
— Jeff Cohen , Vitaphone Varieties
“ Inestimable … Mind- opening "
— Arbogast on Film
“ Intelligent and well - presented … avid in seeking out a wide range of examples ...
A useful research aid for those seeking to survey the uses to which the Frankenstein monster is still being put in popular culture . ”
— Intute , Arts & Humanities
“ Outstanding and intelligent … I am insane with giddiness that " It's ALIVE ! ! "
— Max , The Drunken Severed Head
What 's Tweet Compressor ?
Tweet Compressor makes your tweets shorter by replacing groups of two or three letters with a single character that looks the same .
Now you can beat Twitter 's 140 character limit !
How do I use this thing ?
Just type your message in the top box , and the compressed version will automatically show up in the bottom box .
Send your compressed message to Twitter directly , or copy and paste it into your Twitter app .
What letters can be compressed ?
Here 's the list : cc , ms , ns , ps , in , ls , fi , fl , ffl , ffi , iv , ix , vi , oy , ii , xi , nj , " . " ( period space ) , and " , " ( comma space ) .
All of these letter groups will be replaced with a single character , using unicode .
This is possible because unicode has single character replacements for things like roman numerals ( iv , ix ) , scientific abbreviations ( ms , ns ) , and more .
How compatible is it ?
Compressed tweets have been tested to display OK on all browsers in Windows 7 , Windows Vista , Mac OS X , Ubuntu , and the iPhone .
Some versions of Windows XP do not have full unicode support , it depends on what country the user is in , and whether they have Microsoft Office installed .
Who made this ?
I did .
My name is John Forsythe .
Check out my website or Follow me on Twitter : @blamcast .
I also make some pretty nice text effects for Photoshop .
Nice work !
Thanks !
Do n't forget to tell your friends .
Also , if you need Wordpress , Joomla , or Drupal hosting , check out my hosting review .
In a move that will give the government new powers to police the Internet , China will require individuals to verify their identities with regulators and have their photographs taken before they can set up a personal website .
To apply , an individual must visit his or her local Internet service provider ’s office , submit an identification card and pose for a photograph .
Applications will then be sent to the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology for review .
Chinese authorities in December banned the registration of new sites as part of what they said was a crackdown on Internet pornography .
That ban has been lifted in favor of the stricter registration process .
The new rules add another layer of oversight in a country that already has some of the world ’s tightest Internet controls .
Regulators are also considering stricter verification of the identities of people who buy mobile phones and for Internet users who leave comments online .
Google Inc. threatened to quit China last month in part because it opposes government efforts to censor its Chinese search engine .
Chinese government officials said the new rule was needed to stifle Internet porn .
A state news article published Sunday quoted Li Yizhong , head of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology , as saying , “ Internet security needs to be cured from its roots . ”
Critics say the new requirement has little to do with pornography and instead serves to discourage Internet users from engaging in any activity that challenges the government ’s authority .
Central to Beijing ’s control , experts said , is throwing up enough roadblocks so that individuals in effect censor themselves .
“ This new measure comes as no surprise , since a key element of control has always been about how to use disciplinary punishment and surveillance to create a self - censorship environment , ” said Xiao Qiang , director of the China Internet Project at UC Berkeley .
“ The government feels increasingly insecure with their ability to control the Internet ; therefore more and more policies and controlling practices are aimed at enhancing a self - policing environment . ”
It ’s unknown when the new law will take effect .
The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology did not reply to requests for an interview .
The new requirements apply only to China ’s domestic domain , known as .cn .
Before the government moratorium in December , users could establish their own Web addresses through third - party sites such as Wanwang ( www.net.cn).
Users did not have to submit a photograph and , theoretically , could have provided false identification numbers .
Experts say many users will migrate to servers overseas .
“ Things will definitely be much more difficult now , ” said Chen Nan , a webmaster for an information technology site .
“ But people are just going to turn to dot - com domains .
If you ’re not doing anything sensitive , you do n’t have to worry about getting blocked . ”
david.pierson@latimes.com
Nicole Liu and Tommy Yang in The Times ’ Beijing bureau contributed to this report .
By Joel Martinez on 3/15/2010
Create a new XNA Game Project for the phone
Add this line of code to the Draw method :
graphics.GraphicsDevice.Clear( Color .
White ) ;
Now that the developer tools for Windows Phone 7 are out in the wild , I wondered how long before we see the ubiquitous " flashlight " app .
I decided to grab the bull by the horns and put it out there myself .
So find below the steps required to make your own flashlight appAnd BAM !
that 's it !
It has been said that you can judge a nation by the way it treats its most vulnerable citizens .
By that standard , Great Britain deserves little in the way of accolades .
The nation embraced a socialized medicine program in 1948 known as the National Health Service ( NHS ) .
It is a monopoly in every sense of the word .
Functionaries at various levels of an impossibly large and impenetrable bureaucracy make all decisions of health care access , methodology , and technology .
As is true of any bureaucratic organization , there is a tendency to abandon the purpose of the process and to become obsessed with the process itself .
Vast resources are arrayed to study the existing processes , inevitably resulting in a framework of new processes that seek to guide the processes upon which they are layered , accomplishing nothing more than to provide an excuse for the bureaucracy to grow and consume ever - greater resources .
It is not long before the bureaucracy reaches the tipping point and becomes a self - replicating machine .
As Ronald Reagan famously said ,
No government ever voluntarily reduces itself in size .
Government programs , once launched , never disappear .
Actually , a government bureau is the nearest thing to eternal life we 'll ever see on this earth !
The NHS in Britain is just such a machine .
Layer upon layer of administration has eclipsed the direct - care personnel .
The ratio has tilted precipitously towards the paper - pushers while the front lines of physicians and nurses collapse under the weight of regulation and diminished funding .
How does an organization that consumes approximately 10 % of a nation 's gross domestic product suddenly find itself so short on cash that patients are literally dying as a direct result of poor conditions ?
Stafford Hospital in Staffordshire , England is an example .
A retired government risk assessor had been asked by a patients ' group to examine the feasibility of installing bedside telephones for the patients .
Once you get past the fact that there exists a hospital in a major industrialized nation such as Great Britain that does not already have bedside telephones for patient use , it is instructive to note the conditions the risk assessor found as he moved about the building .
In the emergency room waiting area were chairs with " congealed blood smeared on torn cushions . "
A general filth could be seen , from the grimy floors to the sinks encrusted with God - knows - what .
These are the same sinks used by doctors and nurses to wash up before procedures .
Restroom floors were covered in urine - and - feces - soaked bathroom tissue .
A more comprehensive listing of the squalid conditions may be found here .
More compelling is the brusque behavior that passed for medical care at this facility .
Patients went for hours without pain medications , screaming and crying to no avail .
Food service consisted of placing a tray in the general vicinity of the patient 's room , whether the patient was able to feed himself or not .
Family members of patients frequently took the bedsheets home to launder -- because the hospital would go weeks , sometimes months , without providing fresh linens , even after a soiling accident by the patient .
Those patients not fortunate enough to have regular visits from loved ones often lay in their own waste for weeks at a time , resulting in infections and secondary diseases .
Of course , the NHS is not entirely indifferent to the concerns of patients and their families .
They have kindly provided a very simple and effective complaints process , which I have provided below , taken directly from the website of the Stafford Hospital itself .
COMPLAINTS PROCESS
( current - October 2009 )
1 Contact from complainant made with / sent to Customer Services team ( eg. verbal , letter , email etc )
2 Customer Services team prepare the ‘ case ' ( eg. access medical records , asses risk and give score , input onto Safeguard computer database system )
3 Customer Services team contact the complainant verbally ( must do within 3 working days ) and understand / agree :
- issues to be addressed
- what outcome they seek
- time for resolution ( no maximum time set )
- whether they wish to meet
4 Customer Services team issue ‘ agreement letter ' to complainant ( incl .
where appropriate meeting arrangements if confirmed at that stage )
5 Customer Services team issue documentation to relevant Divisional Customer Complaints coordinator for review - investigation ( where written response requested by complainant )
6. Division provide statements / responses ( if a written response is required ) to the issues raised and forward these to the customer services team
7. Customer Services team draft response to complainant and send to Division for approval
8 Division confirm approval to Customer Services team
9 Customer Services team draft final version to CEO for signature
10 Customer Services team send approved response to complainant ( and copy Division )
11 Customer Services team complete the data on the safeguard database and close the file .
Obviously , such a finely honed process would be capable of responding to issues in a manner having more in common with molasses than lightning .
In fact , the process worked so well that it took an eye - popping spike in mortality rates at the hospital to trigger anything more than a polite response letter pledging to " maintain the highest standards of care " before the NHS initiated an actual investigation .
The result ?
The Health Commission investigation discovered that " between 400 and 1200 patients died prematurely " due to the conditions and lack of care at the Stafford Hospital .
This is not surprising when one considers that heart monitors in the " emergency assessment unit " were turned off because the nurses did n't know how to use them .
The NHS has laid the blame at the feet of that reliable shibboleth , " lack of funding . "
In this case , it is accurate , but not for the reasons given by the NHS ; although the funding for the NHS has grown by 300 % in the last twelve years , the funding for actual patient care has been dwindling as the bureaucracy elevates redundancy to an art form , using up a greater share of the available funds and truly becoming a self - replicating machine obsessed with process over purpose .
The British health care bureaucracy created a " checklist culture " so far removed from the underlying animating principles as to have become actively indifferent to the suffering it caused .
This is the nature of bureaucracies .
They are present at every level of government , from top - heavy fire and police unions that hold the cities they serve hostage for outsized pension and health benefits to county , state , and federal divisions engaging in the building of fiefdoms and empires that , once constituted , are nearly impossible to dismantle -- a task made infinitely more difficult by the explosion in growth of public employee unions .
Few of us have been spared the experience of dealing with one of these process - obsessed bureaucrats at one time or another .
Such encounters are the very definition of frustration , as our attempts at reason are thwarted at every turn by yet another form to fill out or hoop through which we are obliged to jump .
How much greater will that frustration be when the life of a loved one is involved ?
Call your congressman and senators .
Write them letters and insist that they preserve the greatest health care system in the world .
Your family 's very lives may one day be at stake .
Just ask the British ; they know all too well .
Video : Salavat ’s goalie Vitaly Kolesnik assaulted by a fan during a game ( Photo © hcsalavat.ru )
During the first period of the KHL playoff game between Avtomobilist Ekaterinburg and Salavat Yulaev Ufa , a drunk fan broke in the guests ’ bench and swung a stick on Vitaly Kolesnik ’s head .
The goalie left the arena bleeding and has been sent to Ekaterinburg ’s hospital , where a concussion has been diagnosed .
Igor Zakharkin declared to Sport - Express that “ this was the most terrible match in my life .
At first we did n’t understand , then we seen that a fan climbed over the glasses and with a stick hit Vitaly Kolesnik ‘s head .
Only a miracle saved him .
I do n’t want to think if that person would hit him in the temple .
This was a shock for everyone in the arena . ”
All quotes translated by RussianHockeyFans.com
Salavat Yulaev asked the league to suspend Ekaterinburg Arena for one match and consequently to play in front of no crowd as a measure of punishment .
The league instead gave Avtomobilist a 1 million rubles fine and said that their participation to the KHL might be in jeopardy should these incidents happen again .
Vitaly Kolesnik gave a little interview to Sport - Express .
He said that “ some fans from the very beginning behaved very aggressively .
I and other guys tried to quiet them , but we could n’t .
Then suddenly I seen that a person got close to the ice and had a stick .
I avoided the first hit , but then my head was hit several times .
And I do n’t remember what happened right after . ”
A video of the event appeared on youtube :
All quotes translated by RussianHockeyFans.com
President Obama ’s new federal budget plan wo n’t end plutocracy in America .
But this second Obama budget , if adopted , might actually inconvenience it .
By Sam Pizzigati
The Heritage Foundation , the right wing ’s most lavishly funded think tank , does n’t much like the federal budget plan the Obama White House released last week .
Heritage hired guns are blasting the Obama blueprint for fiscal 2011 as perhaps the “ most irresponsible budget ever . ”
What has the wealthy and their biggest fans so upset ?
Certainly not the deficit , the cause for concern they profess so earnestly .
Growing budget deficits , as economist Polly Cleveland pointed out last week , can actually work to rich people ’s advantage , in part because the rich hold so much of the government ’s debt .
The interest payments the rich collect on that debt “ tips ” America ’s top - heavy distribution of wealth even more their way .
The rich can live — quite well — with budget deficits .
But taxes drive them crazy , and President Obama ’s second budget is proposing , over the next decade , $ 970 billion in new taxes on America ’s most affluent .
But do these tax hikes , as critics charge , “ soak the rich ” ?
Not hardly .
Obama ’s budget , if adopted , will inconvenience the rich , not soak them .
For the rich , that may be almost as bad .
Rich people simply detest inconveniences .
Unlike people of modest means , they can afford to avoid them — and the U.S. tax code , for years now , has made that affording ever easier .
Just how easy becomes painfully clear upon perusing the fine print of the tax changes the Obama White House is proposing .
One example : Under current law , corporate CEOs can classify their workers as “ independent contractors , ” a neat maneuver that denies workers the benefits normal employees receive and saves corporations vast sums that end up inflating executive paychecks .
The Obama budget proposes new rules that would make these corporate misclassifications more difficult to cook up .
Current law also lets corporate execs who get nailed cheating consumers deduct off their taxes the punitive damages courts order them to pay .
How convenient .
The new White House budget would make executives and their companies much more likely to eat these damages , on their own .
Another convenience the rich enjoy and exploit : Current law gives the IRS only three years to discover whether wealthy tax filers are neglecting to report income from foreign assets on their tax returns .
After three years , the IRS ca n’t levy any penalties on the wealthy tax avoiders they catch .
The Obama budget proposes to double this statute of limitations to six years .
The income the wealthy do already report , meanwhile , will face higher tax rates under the Obama budget plan .
In the 2011 federal fiscal year , couples making over $ 250,000 a year — and individuals over $ 200,000 — will pay taxes at a 39.6 percent rate on ordinary income over $ 373,650 .
These taxpayers , under the Obama plan , would also pay higher taxes on dividends and “ capital gain ” income from the sale of stocks and other assets .
The current 15 percent tax rate on these income streams would jump to 20 percent .
Some super - rich taxpayers — the top guns at hedge funds , venture capital firms , and other investment partnerships — would pay even more under the Obama budget plan .
These power suits have been claiming the bulk of their income as “ capital gains . ”
The Obama budget , if Congress goes along , would nix that claim .
In 2008 , 25 hedge fund managers took home at least $ 75 million .
In 2011 , under the new Obama budget , the top 25 would pay taxes on most of their millions at a 39.6 percent rate , over double the current 15 percent capital gains rate .
But these hedgies and their awesomely affluent friends really have little reason to angst about these new rates .
By any reasonable historical yardstick , they ’ll be doing just fine if the new Obama budget gets through Congress as is .
A half - century ago , in 1961 , income over $ 400,000 — around $ 3 million today — faced a 91 percent tax .
In 2011 , if the Obama budget plan goes into effect , the top rate on income over $ 3 million would sit at 39.6 percent , less than half the top tax rate on America ’s richest back in the mid-20th century .
Politicos and pundits ignored this historical perspective last week .
Debate in and around Congress instead revolved almost totally around hand wringing over the size of the federal budget deficit .
Lawmakers and commentators worried about the deficit , in a more rational world , would n’t be ignoring America ’s tax - the - rich history , since higher taxes on the wealthy — and the corporations that manufacture them — offer one obvious route to deficit reduction .
But mainstream policy wonks in Washington have essentially written off higher taxes on the rich as a viable deficit - reduction strategy .
The latest evidence of that write - off :
The mainstream wonks at Washington ’s Brookings Institution Tax Policy Center last week promoted a new paper said to prove that “ raising taxes only on the rich wo n’t close our budget deficits . ”
This paper , condescendingly entitled Desperately Seeking Revenue , argues that tax increases on the rich would have to be “ huge ” to bring the federal budget deficit down to manageable levels by 2019 , so huge that these rates would imperil national “ economic efficiency . ”
How high , under this mainstream Brookings Tax Policy Center analysis , would taxes on the rich have to go to significantly narrow the deficit in 2019 ?
If taxes rose only on couples making over $ 250,000 and individuals over $ 200,000 , the analysis notes , the top tax rate would have to rise to 77 percent to bring the deficit down to 3 percent of GDP in 2019 , the target Obama budget director Peter Orszag has set .
To meet the 2 percent target the Tax Policy Center prefers , that top rate would have to rise “ to nearly 91 percent . ”
That the United States had a 91 percent top tax rate in effect for most of the quarter century after World War II — and survived quite nicely — goes unmentioned in this mainstream analysis .
A curious omission .
In the 1950s and early 1960s , with a 91 percent top rate in effect , the annual federal deficit never once hit as high as 3 percent of GDP and only once hit as high as 2 percent .
These same years saw the greatest increases ever in U.S. middle class prosperity .
Tax rates on the rich , a closer look at the Tax Policy Center analysis makes clear , would n’t even have to go all the way to 91 percent to work some serious deficit - reduction magic .
The Tax Policy Center experts , in their analysis , have made a series of assumptions that , taken together , overstate the actual tax rate on the rich needed to get the deficit , a decade from now , down significantly .
These assumptions dramatically reveal just how incredibly stunted — on taxing the rich and powerful — the mainstream political imagination has become .
The Tax Policy Center analysts assume , first , that top tax rates between now and 2015 cannot possibly be raised beyond the 39.6 percent the Obama White House has proposed .
Second , they assume no increase in corporate taxes .
But if corporate tax rates were hiked — to the point where the federal government received as much of its income from corporate taxes as the government regularly received before the 1980s — and if tax rates on top - bracket income rose over 39.6 percent before 2015 , taxes on the rich would n’t have to hit 91 percent a decade from now to significantly reduce the deficit .
The new Obama budget actually does include a variety of tax increases on corporations , particularly on those that use their foreign operations to avoid U.S. taxes .
But the White House has , notes tax analyst Linda Beale , “ scaled back its proposals aimed at companies that shift profits offshore ” since last year .
What happened ?
General Electric , Microsoft , Caterpillar , and other corporate giants have been complaining .
The White House listened .
The White House now needs to listen to the rest of us .
And we need to raise our voices loud enough to be heard .
Sam Pizzigati edits Too Much , the online weekly on excess and inequality .
WASHINGTON — Democrats pushed the last piece of President Barack Obama 's overhaul of the U.S. health - care system through Congress Thursday , completing a sweeping measure that divided the nation for a year .
The House , voting 220- 207 , gave final congressional approval to the measure , clearing the bill for Mr. Obama 's signature on the ten - year $ 938 billion health initiative .
Thursday's ...
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Wednesday , March 31 , 2010 >>>
ARCHIVES | SEARCH Does PDF stand for Problematic Document Format ?
Posted by Mikko @ 13:53 GMT
Adobe 's PDF Reader gets lots of criticism for poor security .
However , the problems go beyond one specific PDF reader brand .
Have you ever looked at the specifications for the PDF file format ?
You can download them from here ( PDF ) .
They 're 756 pages long .
For real .
There 's some crazy stuff in the PDF specs .
Take a look at these .
You can embed movies and songs .
Into a PDF file .
What ?
PDF files can contain 3D objects , complete with embedded JavaScript ?
Who comes up with these things ?
PDFs can have forms .
That 's fine .
But why do we need functionality where such forms can submit the data you input directly to a server somewhere on the net ?
There 's a function within PDF specs to launch executables .
Or to run JavaScript .
Why do we need these things ?
With specs like these , it 's no wonder it takes ages for Adobe Reader to boot up and load all the plugins .
It 's no wonder there are regular security problems with PDF readers in general .
The perfect example is the " Escape from PDF " demo from Didier Stevens ' blog .
Users of Foxit Reader : try opening Didier 's demo PDF file .
After opening , it will run CMD.EXE on your system ; no questions asked .
And this is a legitimate PDF file which uses no exploits .
One way to reduce your risk is not to download PDF files from the web to your machine at all .
Instead of opening the files on your local machine , you can open them remotely in viewers like Google Docs .
This process can be made completely automatic with plugins like gPDF ( for Chrome / Opera / Firefox / Iron ) .
Do note that it will only work with PDF files you access in the public web .
Otherwise , our guidance would be to use a PDF reader that 's as unpopular as possible .
The less users a product has , the less attacks it will attract .
Updated to add : A press representative of Foxit software sent us a message via our weblog@ address .
Foxit is working on an update / fix for their reader .
See this post 's comments for more details .
Major western countries average about 0.25 per cent population growth a year .
Ours is 2.1 per cent , or about 450,000 last year , which equates to a doubling of our population every 33 years .
This rate would take us to more than 100 million by the turn of the century .
Michael Danby , chairman of the Federal Parliament 's joint committee on migration , recently wrote that " a long - standing ' vibe ' has prevailed in both major parties that population growth is good for the nation " .
Mr Danby could follow the lead of his colleague Kelvin Thomson , who clearly pays more attention to the " vibe " in the community .
We also recently found out that Tony Abbott favours " as many people as possible " .
The Howard government 's track record of high growth confirms this bipartisan support for unfettered growth , yet the case for a much larger population has never been developed at any length .
The profits of growth go to few .
Property developers , media moguls .
Everyone else picks up the tab .
Is the pressure from big business political donors so great that the major parties are unwilling to consult the Australian people ?
The Greens have largely ignored the population issue .
It 's a great pity .
They could have made some real progress .
After all , almost all major environmental battles will be lost in the long run if we fail to win the population battle now .
The results of high population growth have been dead river systems , near - permanent water shortages , increasing pollution , a surge in imports and skyrocketing foreign debt , reduced per capita value of our mineral wealth and exports , expensive rebuilding of our cities and infrastructure , impoverished government budgets , loss of limited arable farmland to housing , traffic gridlock , crowding of our coastal towns and resorts , loss of native species and wildlife , urban congestion , local suburb planning conflict , loss of personal security and open spaces for our children to play , just to name a few .
What is all this in aid of ?
The great Australian dream has turned into a nightmare of haves and have - nots .
If Australians knew that it would have led to all this , they would have turfed governments pushing high population growth out of office .
Our extreme population growth has put enormous pressure on hospitals , roads , schools and other essential services .
The federal government is pouring hundreds of thousands of people into Australia every year and expecting these services to cope .
Large skills shortages and stresses are the direct result .
We then get governments and vested interest groups calling for — wait for it — more skilled immigration and even higher population growth .
The dog never did catch its tail .
In recently cancelling 20,000 foreign student applications , the government has admitted that " our highly selective skilled immigration program " , as Mr Danby recently put it , was nothing of the sort .
Incentives to train unemployed Australians diminish when you can turn on the immigration tap .
It 's not as if we 're short of people when we have well over a million unemployed and under - employed Australians , including 100,000 aged between 15 and 24 who dropped out of the labour market last year .
High immigration acts as a disincentive to train and employ them , as it does with older and indigenous Australians .
We would be better off giving our fellow Australians a hand up , rather than a hand out .
Sure , our average age is creeping up .
This happens when we survive into our 80s rather than just our 70s .
Why are we not celebrating the fact that we live longer healthier lives ?
Demographers have pointed out that we would need a massive influx of young immigrants to reduce the average age by even a small amount .
What happens then , under this giant pyramid scheme , when this even bigger population ages ?
The house of cards falls down on the next generation .
No wonder economists such as Ross Gittins and Richard Denniss have been scathing .
Even Mr Rudd has admitted that it is our policies in superannuation and savings incentives , as well as productivity and the retirement age , that will have the most impact on the challenge of baby boomer retirements .
Let 's get on with it and face this manageable challenge rather than passing a bigger issue on to our children and grandchildren .
Our GDP , or economic growth , has been outstripped and undermined by population growth .
Per capita GDP has fallen for the past five quarters .
How many successive quarters of negative growth do you need for a technical recession again ?
The $ 2 billion monthly trade deficits are n't helping .
Our population growth is not having any significant impact on boosting our exports , but it is creating surging demand for imported TVs , cars , clothes and oil .
If you think that bigger is better , consider the fact that eight out of the top 10 per capita wealth nations have populations of less than 10 million .
Also consider that Australia had virtually no foreign debt in the early 1970s , with a population of just over 10 million .
Now , driven by large trade deficits and infrastructure borrowing , our foreign debt is fast approaching $ 1000 billion .
That 's $ 1 trillion .
Australians should always be free to choose their family size , not to be pushed by way of taxpayer - funded bribes and pro-natalist rhetoric .
The baby bonus is an inefficient use of our money and should be redirected towards needy families , education and training .
A national population policy that is sustainable and stable is required .
Hopefully the three major parties will take note of this when they , no doubt , re-consider their high population growth " vibe " in coming months .
The Australian Academy of Science has recommended that 23 million people would be a safe upper limit for Australia .
That was before climate change and peak oil became hot topics .
We 're nearly there now .
With a balanced migration program , it is possible to stabilise Australia 's population until 2050 .
This would entail an immigration level of between 50,000 - 80,000 people a year .
Immigration would roughly equate to the emigration of a similar number who leave Australia permanently every year .
Although we had an excess of births over deaths in Australia of about 150,000 in 2009 , this is due to taper off as the baby boomer bulge passes through our population in coming decades .
On current trends , the surplus of birth over deaths will add less than 1 million people by 2050 .
Now for the really scary part .
As outlined in Overloading Australia , it took all of human history for the world 's population to pass 1 billion , some time in the 19th century .
The second billion took only about 120 years .
We are now at about 6.8 billion and added our last billion in a little more than a decade , mainly in the developing world .
We cannot take into Australia any significant fraction of this vast increase .
Rather , it 's time to show global leadership by stabilising Australia .
We can also help others through targeted foreign aid supporting women 's rights and family planning .
Overpopulation stalks many small Pacific nations .
Targeted aid gives them the same free choice we have regarding family size .
Australia 's population growth is n't inevitable .
It is a choice .
For that reason , I will soon launch a single - philosophy political party .
Dick Smith recently said that he had never felt more strongly about an issue .
Many other Australians feel the same way .
At the next federal election , we will finally have the choice between a stable , sustainable Australia , and a future Australia that we wo n't recognise and I strongly suspect we do n't want .
Population is the debate Australia has to have .
William Bourke is a Sydney businessman .
He is launching a new political party with a focus on population .
The radical center is “ radical ” in its desire for a radical departure from politics as usual .
It advocates : raising taxes to close our budgetary shortfalls , but doing so with a spirit of equity and social justice ; guaranteeing that every American is covered by health insurance , but with market reforms to really bring down costs ; legally expanding immigration to attract more job - creators to America ’s shores ; increasing corporate tax credits for research and lowering corporate taxes if companies will move more manufacturing jobs back onshore ; investing more in our public schools , while insisting on rising national education standards and greater accountability for teachers , principals and parents ; massively investing in clean energy , including nuclear , while allowing more offshore drilling in the transition .
You get the idea .
How best to promote these hybrid ideas ?
Break the oligopoly of our two - party system .
Diamond suggests two innovations .
First , let every state emulate California ’s recent grass - roots initiative that took away the power to design state electoral districts from the state legislature and put it in the hands of an independent , politically neutral , Citizens Redistricting Commission .
It will go to work after the 2010 census and reshape California ’s state legislative districts for the coming elections .
Henceforth , districts in California will not be designed to be automatically Democratic or Republican  so more of them will be competitive , so more candidates will only be electable if they appeal to the center , not just cater to one party .
( There is a movement pressing for the same independent commission to be given the power to redraw Congressional districts . )
Second , get states to adopt “ alternative voting . ”
One reason independent , third - party , centrist candidates can’t get elected is because if , in a three - person race , a Democrat votes for an independent , and the independent loses , the Democrat fears his vote will have actually helped the Republican win , or vice versa .
Alternative voting allows you to rank the independent candidate your No. 1 choice , and the Democrat or Republican No. 2 .
Therefore , if the independent does not win , your vote is immediately transferred to your second choice , say , the Democrat .
Therefore , you have no fear that in voting for an independent you might help elect your real nightmare  the Republican .
Nothing has held back the growth of independent , centrist candidates more , said Diamond , “ than the fear that if you vote for one of them you will be wasting your vote .
Alternative voting , which Australia has , can overcome that . ”
Obama won the presidency by tapping the center  centrist Democrats , independents and Republicans who wanted to see nation - building at home “ to make their own lives and those of others better , ” said Tim Shriver , the C.E.O. of the Special Olympics .
They saw in Obama a pragmatist who could pull us together for pragmatic solutions .
But hyperpartisanship has frustrated those hopes .
( Alas , though , it is not equal .
There are still many conservative Blue Dog Democrats , but the liberal Rockefeller Republicans have been wiped out . )
If that radical center wants to be empowered , it ca n’t just whine .
It needs its own grass - roots movement to promote reforms like nonpartisan redistricting and alternative voting in every state .
It ’s tea time for the center .
Name : David FriedmanE -Mail Address : [ my old email redacted ] sixdegrees Password : stopsock
Hi .
You ’ve been sponsored as “ Friend ” by Rachel [ last name redacted ] as part of something called sixdegrees , one of the fastest growing phenomena on the Web , located at http://www.sixdegrees.com
You may have already heard of the six degrees of separation concept - where everyone on the planet is connected to each other through fewer than 6 people .
Well , we have n’t quite connected the whole world yet , but there are over a million people participating , and over 900,000 of them are connected in one giant chain .
And , just by confirming your relationship with Rachel , you can instantly tap into this interconnected community of interesting people from all over the world .
So what ?
Well , by getting connected , you can come to the Web site ( which is completely FREE ) and use a whole variety of valuable , fun and intriguing services that make use of this massive chain of connections .
You can come see who ’s logged on the site right now and when you find someone interesting , we ’ll show you exactly how you ’re connected no matter how many degrees it takes , and then you can instant message them .
You can also find out how you ’re connected to that head of personnel at the big firm where you ’ve been trying to get your foot in the door .
You can chat with people from around the globe and then see who you know in common .
You can post burning questions on your own personalized bulletin board and get valuable answers from your “ circle ” ( your friends and friends of friends ) .
You can even get Movie recommendations from the people you ’re connected to .
So , stop by the site at http://www.sixdegrees.com to learn more and give it a try .
( You can log in with this password : stopsock ) .
=======================================
You can also get things started and get yourself connected right from this e-mail :
** To confirm your relationship with Rachel , just send a reply that says only CONFIRM on the first line of the message body
* To deny this particular relationship ( but keep open the possibility of joining sixdegrees if the concept intrigues you ) send a reply that says only DENY
* And , if you ’d like to make sure you do n’t hear from us again ( even if somebody else you know lists you as a contact ) then simply send a reply which says REMOVE in the SUBJECT LINE so we can process your request right away
Thanks , and we look forward to seeing you at sixdegrees .
=======================================
And , if you ’re really ambitious , you can get your network of connections growing right away .
Just list the people you think might be interested in participating in sixdegrees and we ’ll contact them with an e-mail like this one which mentions your name and invites them to join .
Just follow these directions :
* Click your mail program ’s REPLY button .
* On the FIRST line of the message body of the reply e-mail that opens , type only the word CONFIRM to let us know that you are in fact Rachel ’s Friend .
* On the next line of the message body list the first and last names and e-mail addresses of the people you ’d like to invite ( you can list as many as you ’d like - but we recommend you list at least two ) , and the relationship numbers that correspond with how those people are related to you .
MAKE SURE :
* That the first name , last name , e-mail address and relationship number are separated by SEMI - COLONS .
* You follow the format of these examples :
John ; Smith ; jsmith@fakeplace.com ; 12
Jane ; Doe ; superjane@fakeplace.com ; 3
* And that you define each relationship by choosing a number from this list :
1 =wife 2 =husband 3 =life partner
4=significant other 5 =mother 6=father
7=sister 8 =brother 9=daughter
10 =son 11 =other family member 12=friend
13 =employer 14=employee 15=co-worker
16 =client 17 =service provider 18 =business contact
19 = fellow alum 20 =acquaintance
We look forward to hearing from you !
=======================================
PLEASE NOTE :
All replies to this address are processed by a computer .
If you have any problems , questions or requests send an e-mail to issues@sixdegrees.com and you ’ll receive a prompt and courteous response .
And , if you ’d like to review our privacy statement just visit http://www.sixdegrees.com/Public/About/Privacy.asp
=======================================
sixdegrees is Registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office .
E.DB.ANB.1
Americans for Prosperity is a right - wing political advocacy group founded by billionaire brothers David and Charles Koch , the owners of Koch Industries . [ 1 ]
AFP serves as the Kochs ' " grassroots " operation , also known as astroturf .
AFP spends millions on TV ads in election cycles .
In the 2012 election cycle , it was a key component of the Kochs ' $ 400 million political network , receiving large portions of its money from Koch - linked dark money groups like Freedom Partners , American Encore , and Donors Trust .
AFP 's budget , which comes from the Koch family foundations and other unknown sources , surged from $ 7 million in 2007 to $ 40 million in 2010 and then peaked $ 115 million in 2012 .
[ 2 ]
In 2018 , the most recently available report , AFP 's budget was $ 96.5 million .
[ 3] According to the Center for Public Integrity , Americans for Prosperity " spent a staggering $ 122 million ( in 2012 ) as it unsuccessfully attempted to defeat President Barack Obama and congressional Democrats , " including $ 83 million on " communications , ads , and media . " [ 4 ]
AFP 's messages are in sync with those of other groups funded by the Kochs and the Kochs ' other special interest groups that work against progressive or Democratic initiatives and protections for workers and the environment .
Accordingly , AFP opposes labor unions , health care reform , stimulus spending , and any effort to combat climate change including President Obama 's 2015 Clean Power Plan .
Charles and David Koch both used the " powerful political group " to espouse " their libertarian philosophy " from AFP 's founding until 2018 when , reportedly , Koch Industries announced David was " stepping away from his political and business interests because of declining health " [ 5 ]
AFP lists 38 states on their website as places where they are active .
According to AFP president , Tim Phillips , [ 6 ] who says that they are only in states where AFP feels it can " move the needle . "
Phillips says AFP employs " hundreds " of staffers and has " thousands of volunteers , " it 's website boasts that " there are over 3,200,000 of us , and we ’re active in your neighborhood . " [ 7 ] [ 8 ] [ 9 ]
Emily Seidel currently serves as the CEO of AFP .
Description
Americans for Prosperity generally refers to the organization 's section 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) " social welfare " branch , generally referred to as a " dark money " group because it does not have to disclose its donors , despite spending millions to influence elections .
It can also refer to the " Americans for Prosperity Foundation " ( AFP Foundation ) , a related 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) organization .
Both organizations state that they are " committed to educating citizens about economic policy and a return of the federal government to its Constitutional limits . "
On AFP 's website it says it supports " cutting taxes and government spending in order to halt the encroachment of government in the economic lives of citizens by fighting proposed tax increases and pointing out evidence of waste , fraud , and abuse . " [ 10 ]
AFP was one of the lead organizations behind the Tax Day Tea Party protests April 15 , 2009 .
Its Director is Art Pope , an ex-legislator who has been dubbed " The Knight of the Right " by Raleigh News and Observer journalist Rob Christensen . [ 11 ]
In mid-2009 , Americans for Prosperity launched an advertising and advocacy campaign opposing U.S. health care reform named Patients United Now . [ 12 ]
On its website it describes its " featured partners " as being the Heartland Institute 's International Conference on Climate Change , the Internet Freedom Coalition and Townhall.com . [ 13 ]
History and Ties to the Koch Brothers
Credit : Phelan M. Ebenhack / AP David Koch speaking at a 2013 Americans for Prosperity Foundation event
AFP was established in late 2003 as a successor to the Citizens for a Sound Economy Foundation , an industry - funded political organization , [ 14 ] following an internal rift between the leaders of Citizens for a Sound Economy and its action arm founded by David Koch and Richard Fink . [ 15 ]
In 2014 , David Koch was the Chairman of the Board of the Americans for Prosperity Foundation . [ 16 ]
AFP was also formally affiliated with the Independent Women 's Forum .
Both organizations shared the same Washington address , and formerly shared most of the same operational staff . [ 17 ]
In 2008 , IWF moved to separate office space .
An October 2003 Washington Times report on the formation of AFP noted that " Nancy Pfotenhauer , an executive of Citizens for a Sound Economy [ CSE ] in the 1990s who helped defeat Hillary Rodham Clinton 's health care reform proposal , has been tapped to head a new national advocacy organization to protect ' every American 's fundamental right to pursue prosperity . '[ 18 ]
Before joining the Independent Women 's Forum in 2001 , [ Nancy ]
Pfotenhauer headed the Washington office of Koch Industries , a conglomerate with holdings in oil and gas , chemicals , minerals , ranching , and securities ; Koch Executive Vice President David Koch was a founder and a chairman of the CSE Foundation and is now on the AFP board , " reported the National Journal in November 2003 .
Pfotenhauer worked with Koch in the mid-'90s , when she was executive vice president of both CSE and the CSE Foundation .
But she has an even longer history with AFP board member Walter Williams , for whom she was a graduate research assistant at George Mason University 20 years ago . " [ 19 ]
According to investigative journalist Jane Mayer in an article in the August 30 , 2010 issue of The New Yorker , the Kochs are known for " creating slippery organizations with generic - sounding names , " that " make it difficult to ascertain the extent of their influence in Washington . "
Charles Lewis , founder of the Center for Public Integrity said , “ The Kochs are on a whole different level .
There ’s no one else who has spent this much money .
The sheer dimension of it is what sets them apart .
They have a pattern of lawbreaking , political manipulation , and obfuscation .
I ’ve been in Washington since Watergate , and I ’ve never seen anything like it .
They are the Standard Oil of our times . ” [ 20 ]
Ties to the Trump Administration
AFP Launches Campaign to Promote Trump Judges
AFP will spend $ 1 million on campaigns to get Trump 's federal judicial nominations confirmed .
[ 21 ] AFP hired Sarah Field to the newly - created post of Vice President of Judicial Strategy to lead this effort .
AFP states on its website , " President Trump has nominated more fair and qualified lower courts nominees than any other president in American history . " [ 22 ]
Former AFP Employees in Trump Administration
As of April 2018 : [ 23 ]
Andeliz N. Castillo ( former Senior Vice President of Grassroots Business Integration ) , Office of the Vice President
John Baylor Myers ( former Deputy State Director ) , Department of the Treasury
Campaign Advocacy
Americans for Prosperity is heavily involved in electoral activities and has paid for and released numerous political campaign materials , often which target political candidates of the issues which AFP pursues .
AFP Launches New Super PAC , " AFP Action , " Before the 2018 Midterms
Within months of the 2018 midterm elections , " the sprawling Koch political network " known as AFP announced " a new tool to build broad policy coalitions in Congress to help advance AFP 's vision , " which " will advocate for candidates who share our commitment to breaking internal and external barriers that prevent people from realizing their full potential " according to CNN [ 24 ]
Bill Riggs is servings as AFP Action 's spokesperson .
Under campaign finance laws , this arm of AFP will be able to spend will be able to spend unlimited sums on election activities with only " loose " disclosure laws . [ 24 ]
As of October 2018 , AFP Action is funding the following campaign :
Florida
Against Sen. Bill Nelson : AFP - Action announced on Oct. 5 , 2018 that it would be funding a " seven - figure digital ad buy to supplement its grassroots and direct - mail efforts urging Floridians to vote against Bill Nelson in the race for U.S. Senate . "
Florida Republican Gov. Rick Scott is running for Nelson 's seat . [ 25 ]
Against Gubernatorial candidate Andrew Gillum [ 26 ]
Illinois
Supporting U.S. Rep. Peter Roskam [ 27 ]
Indiana
Supporting U.S. Rep. Trey Hollingsworth [ 28 ]
Iowa
Supporting U.S. Rep. Rod Blum [ 27 ]
Supporting U.S. Rep. David Young [ 27 ]
Minnesota
Supporting U.S. Rep. Tom Emmer [ 29 ]
Supporting Rep. Erik Paulsen [ 30 ]
North Carolina
Supporting U.S. Rep. Mark Meadows [ 31 ]
Supporting U.S. Rep. Ted Budd [ 27 ]
Ohio
Supporting U.S. Rep. Steve Chabot [ 27 ]
Tennesee
Supporting U.S. Rep. Phil Roe [ 27 ]
Supporting Rep. Marsha Blackburn : On Oct. 3 , AFP announced a " significant $ 2 million television campaign " as a part of its " its continued efforts in support of Marsha Blackburn . " [ 32 ]
Texas
Supporting U.S. Rep. Will Hurd [ 27 ]
Utah
Supporting U.S. Rep. Mia Love [ 27 ]
Virginia
Supporting U.S. Rep. Dave Brat [ 27 ]
Washington
Supporting U.S. Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers [ 27 ]
" Doing business as " Concerned Veterans for America and The Libre Initiative
In addition to its efforts under the name " Americans for Prosperity , " Federal Election Commission filings show that AFP does buisness as Concerned Veterans for America and The Libre Initiative among others . [ 33 ]
AFP has filed expenditures that are in support of and opposed to candidates and policies during the 2018 elections in Wisconsin , Iowa , Virginia , Florida , and Texas under the banner of these groups .
The Kochs ' AFP began an aggressive campaign entitled " Defeat 22 " in South Dakota in August 2016 to prevent the passage of Measure 22 . [ 34 ]
According to the USA Today , the measure " calls for public disclosure of donors who fund advocacy efforts , the creation of a state ethics commission and public financing of political campaigns .
It also limits lobbyists ' gifts to elected officials and lowers the number of campaign contributions to candidates , parties and political action committees . " [ 34 ]
AFP is framing its campaign as a fight for the " free speech " rights of donors but as the USA Today reports , voters polled in the state support transparency in campaigns and elections , " The initiative 's supporters say their internal polling shows strong support for the measure , which comes in the wake of a high - profile corruption investigation into state management of the federal EB - 5 program , which grants green cards to wealthy foreigners who invest in South Dakota projects .
A former state official has been charged in connection with the probe and a former cabinet official , who was under investigation , committed suicide in 2013 . " [ 34 ]
Although Defeat 22 is calling itself a " coalition , " the chairman of Defeat 22 is Ben Lee , South Dakota Director at AFP . [ 34 ]
Luke Hilgeman , the Chief Operating Officer at AFP , declined to tell the USA Today how much the organization is spending to defeat Measure 22 . [ 34 ]
2016 Elections
According to research from The Center for Media and Democracy , AFP is supporting the following candidates in the 2016 elections :
Rep Mike Coffman ( CO - 06 )
Rep. George Holding ( NC - 13 )
Rep. Joe Heck ( R - NV ) for US Senate
Sen. Rob Portman ( R - OH )
Sen . Pat Toomey ( R - PA )
Sen. Ron Johnson ( R - WI )
State Rep. Joel Kitchens ( WI - 01 )
AFP reportedly plans to spend $ 225 million in the 2016 election cycle . [ 35 ]
As of October 16 , 2015 , the Center for Responsive Politics reports that AFP has spent $ 1,550,889 on electioneering communications opposing former Ohio Gov. Ted Strickland 's 2016 U.S. Senate bid . [ 36 ] AFP began the ad campaign the week of August 18 , 2015 .
U.S. News and World Report noted that unusually for AFP , the ad included " express advocacy , " explicitly telling viewers " Vote against Ted Strickland .
He 's failed Ohio's families . " [ 35 ]
In August 2015 , AFP started running $ 1.2 million in ads against Democratic New Hampshire Gov. Maggie Hassan , who was reportedly considering running for the U.S. Senate against Sen. Kelly Ayotte ( R- NH ) .
Those ads told viewers to " tell Maggie Hassan we can't afford her tax hikes . " [ 35 ]
AFP Kentucky ad , " You ’re Going The Wrong Way , Jack Conway "
In Kentucky , AFP released a web ad and direct mailer attacking state Attorney General Jack Conway , a Democrat , in July 2015 .
The web ad was titled " You ’re Going The Wrong Way , Jack Conway " and " depict[ed ]
Conway as a supporter of cap - and - trade legislation , the Affordable Care Act and high - dollar government spending " and attempted to link Conway to President Obama , as described by Kentucky 's cn|2 .
The mailer was expected to go to approximately 20,000 residents , inviting them to attend the annual Fancy Farm picnic and " Help Stop Jack Conway . " [ 37 ]
2014 Elections
The 2014 midterm elections were remarkable for the increasing importance of campaign spending by outside groups . [ 38 ]
Because AFP is not required to disclose all of its spending , it is unclear how much the group spent in total on midterm - related activities .
AFP reported $ 5,082,683 in independent expenditures and election communications to the FEC , [ 39 ] but its actual spending was far greater , according to a representative from the group who spoke with the National Journal .
" Americans for Prosperity , a nonprofit organization that serves as the Koch brothers ' flagship political enterprise , spent $ 77 million on competitive Senate and House races , said spokesman Levi Russell .
That total includes $ 56 million from AFP on TV , radio , and digital ads and direct mail , and another $ 21 million on grassroots efforts from their state chapters . " [ 40 ]
AFP may have spent even more on voter turnout efforts .
The New York Times reported that AFP " poured more than $ 125 million into a sustained field effort , knocking on 2.5 million doors across 26 states this cycle . " [ 41 ] AFP had a major presence in many key state races in 2014 and appeared to have significantly built its organization compared to previous election cycles .
The New York Times reported that AFP claimed to have built " a network of more than 500 paid staff members across 32 states " for the midterms . [ 42 ]
Slate noted that " of the nine U.S. Senate races where the Koch - backed Americans for Prosperity was active , its favored candidates also prevailed in at least five contests .
Only in New Hampshire and Michigan did the Crossroads groups and Americans for Prosperity see defeat . " [ 43 ]
Koch Network Planned to Spend Hundreds of Millions on 2014 Midterm Elections
Based on a " Confidential Investor Update " memo obtained by Politico in May 2014 , Americans for Prosperity plannned to spend $ 125 million on electioneering during the 2014 midterms and at the time an inside source commented that was a “ very conservative estimate .
We ’re on track for more than that . ” [ 44 ]
An official at the June 2014 Koch network donor retreat said that the network 's budget for 2014 was $ 290 million .
At that time AFP , together with Freedom Partners , American Energy Alliance , and Concerned Veterans for America , had spent $ 5.3 million on ads in Arkansas , $ 2.2 million in Colorado , and $ 3.4 million in Iowa . [ 45 ]
Between January 2013 and September 2014 , the Koch network " aired more than 43,900 television ads this election cycle in an attempt to help Republicans take control of the Senate in the upcoming November election , " amounting to nearly 1 in 10 ads , about twice as many as the right - wing American Crossroads and Crossroads GPS PACs , according to a report by the Center for Public Integrity .
AFP alone had aired more than 27,000 ads . [ 46 ]
The organization conducted a " forensic analysis " of what went wrong in the 2012 election ( when President Obama won ) and decided it needed to make changes in its " media message - testing strategy to target specific demographics in specific locations . "
The group also needed to soften its messaging , asserting that " Americans place a great importance on taking care of those in need and avoiding harm to the weak .
We consistently see that Americans in general are concerned that free - market policy — and its advocates — benefit the rich and powerful more than the most vulnerable of society ... We must correct this misconception . " [ 44 ]
The donor memo boasts about victories in Arkansas , Indiana , Kansas , North Carolina , and Wisconsin and announced its plan to expand into eight new “ pathway states , ” listing Arizona , Georgia , Michigan , Nebraska , Oklahoma , South Carolina , Tennessee , and Texas . [ 44 ]
2014 Campaign Ads
As of May 2014 , AFP had already spent $ 35 million on ads targeting Democrats like Kay Hagan , Mary Landrieu , and Mark Pryor .
According to Politico , the " projected budget for Americans for Prosperity would be unprecedented for a private political group in a midterm , and would likely rival even the spending of the Republican and Democratic parties ’ congressional campaign arms . " [ 44 ]
Untruthful advertisement from Americans for Prosperity that aired in Colorado
On March 17 , 2014 , Americans for Prosperity began airing ads in Arkansas , Colorado , Louisiana , and North Carolina that make statements about the Affordable Care Act rated as " false " and " misleading " by fact checkers .
These ads target Senators Mark Pryor , Mark Udall , Mary Landrieu , and Kay Hagan , all of whom are up for election in November 2014 .
According to Americans for Prosperity , " millions are paying more and getting less . "
The Tampa Bay Times Politifact rated this claim as " FALSE " , noting that there was " a slowdown in the increase in health costs during the last four years , including a modest 4 percent increase from 2011 to 2012 " and " Americans are getting more benefits under the law in a number of ways -- including , in some cases , being able to buy affordable insurance for the first time . " [ 47 ]
Americans for Prosperity ad which makes claims about Senator Begich PolitiFact rated as " Mostly False "
Americans for Prosperity spent $ 400,000 on a TV ad that began airing February 21 , 2014 attacking Democratic Senator Mark Begich of Alaska , which has been rated " Mostly False " by fact checkers . [ 48 ]
The ad claims that " Begich is on record supporting a carbon tax , even pushing Harry Reid to make it a priority . " [ 49 ]
The Tampa Bay Times rated this claim as " Mostly False , " explaining that : " Begich voted on an amendment that said if there is a carbon tax , the revenue generated by a carbon tax to be given back to the public in some form .
The letter to Reid said that energy policy should be aimed at putting some sort of price on greenhouse gas emissions , without specifically saying it should be a carbon tax .
Begich ’s campaign said he ’s never explicitly supported a carbon tax . "
AFP Ad Buys Against Politicians Supporting Affordable Care Act
On April 23 , 2014 , Americans for Prosperity launched a series of ads in several targeted races across the country , including ads against in Michigan against Rep. Gary Peters , in Lousiana against Senator Mary Landrieu , in New Hampshire against Senator Jeanne Shaheen , and in Colorado against Senator Mark Udall .
AFP ad against Senator Shaheen , claiming health care premiums up 90 percent in New Hampshire
AFP faced criticism for its statements in its ad against Shaheen .
In the ad , AFP claims " health care premiums up 90 percent in New Hampshire . "
However , fact - checkers rate these claims " False , " stating : " The claim cited a Morgan Stanley report that based its New Hampshire numbers on data from just one insurance broker in the state .
Experts say that ’s far too small a sample to say anything definitive about what ’s happening to premiums in the state . " [ 50 ] AFP put $ 457,000 behind the ad buy . [ 51 ]
In the same wave , AFP faced controversy its ad targeting Udall .
The ad came under fire for using a picture of Udall and Barack Obama following a mass shooting in an Aurora , Colorado movie theater .
According to the Denver Post , the group " later released a new commercial without the image , but several family members who lost loved ones in the massacre released a statement decrying its use in the first place . " [ 52 ]
According to Politico , AFP also spent $ 650,000 on May 14 , 2014 in an ad buy criticizing Rep. Ann McLane Kuster 's vote for the Affordable Care Act . [ 53 ]
AFP Spent Nearly $ 900,000 in Wisconsin in Support of Scott Walker
Americans for Prosperity ad in Wisconsin
According to the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel , Americans for Prosperity made $ 866,000 in ad buys boosting Governor Scott Walker 's reelection campaign just as polls showed him tied with his opponent , Democrat Mary Burke , in late May 2014 . [ 54 ]
The ad never mentions
Walker by name ; however , the ad touts the budget policies of his administration .
Notably , it was AFP 's 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) arm , Americans for Prosperity Foundation , that produced the ad , resuing the " It 's Working " message on which it spent $ 2.9 million in 2011 and 2012 with the MacIver Institute , another 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) . [ 55 ]
AFP is reportedly embroiled in a criminal investigation looking into potentially illegal coordination in Wisconsin . [ 56 ]
2012 Elections
Source : Robert Maguire with the Center for Responsive Politics .
The Koch network was one of the biggest political operations in 2012 and worked largely outside the campaign finance system , raising at least $ 407 million .
According to the Center for Public Integrity , Americans for Prosperity " spent a staggering $ 122 million [ in 2012 ] as it unsuccessfully attempted to defeat President Barack Obama and congressional Democrats , " including $ 83 million on " communications , ads , and media . " [ 57 ]
The analysis revealed that Americans for Prosperity spent at least $ 33.5 million on television ads encouraging viewers to vote against President Obama .
However , at a Koch network donor retreat in June 2014 , Arkansas Rep .
Tom Cotton credited AFP for shifting the political landscape in Arkansas in recent years , saying " " Americans for Prosperity in Arkansas has played a critical role in turning our state from a one - party Democratic state [ inaudible ] building the kind of constant engagement to get people in the state involved in their communities . " [ 45 ]
See Americans for Prosperity in the 2012 Election .
2010 Elections
A video released by AFP during the 2010 election cycle directly responded to Obama 's criticisms of AFP , reframing Obama 's statements as an attack on an effective grassroots opponent of his .
APF propagated claims that Senator Boxer 's support for cap - and - trade climate legislation would result in much higher prices for gasoline and electricity and less jobs .
It helped create rallies in Carson City , Reno , Las Vegas , Henderson , Nevada and Sacramento , Fresno , Bakersfield , California , from June 15th to June 17th , 2010 . [ 58 ] .
American's for Prosperity ran dozens of attack ads in both state and federal races around the country , several of which are listed here :
Building for 2016 Election
Of the $ 125 million AFP planned to spend on the 2014 midterm elections , more than half was directed to " expanding its ground organization , with more than 500 paid field staffers positioned in pivotal races across the country , " according to the Washington Post .
“ We ’ve got to get to the point where we ’re a deeper part of a community , and the left has done that for a lot longer , with a much bigger footprint , ” said Tim Phillips , the group ’s national president .
“ It ’s about building a brand in a community .
Then when the attacks come , ‘ Oh , you ’re just part of a Koch network or some national network , ’ it does n’t really ring true with what people are seeing . ” [ 59 ]
According to the Post , AFP has also spent " millions " on technology and data analytics to help target likely voters .
AFP has worked with Data Trust , a company that has an exclusive data agreement with the Republican National Committee .
In August 2014 , Data Trust formed a partnership with i360 , " a data management company that works with AFP and about a dozen other groups in the Koch - backed political network . " [ 59 ]
The Post also noted that " although the tax - exempt group maintains that it is nonpartisan , AFP has decided to engage in direct campaign activity in key Senate races in the coming weeks — freeing its field staff to explicitly urge voters not to support Democratic candidates . " [ 59 ]
Under current tax rules , a nonprofit like AFP " can only spend a limited amount of its annual budget on campaign activities , and those expenditures must be reported to the Federal Election Commission — the kind of disclosure that the closely held group has sought to avoid . " [ 59 ]
AFP Involvement in Michigan 's Right - to - Work Bill
AFP Michigan 's director , Scott Hagerstrom , advocates " taking the unions out at the knees "
Americans for Prosperity played in integral role in supporting governor Rick Snyder 's signing of the controversial " Right to Work " bill on December 11 , 2012 , which dealt a major blow to unions across the state .
Scott Hagerstrom , the Michigan director of AFP , stated the " Michigan passage of right - to - work legislation will be the shot heard around the world for workplace freedom .
A victory over forced unionization in a union stronghold like Michigan would be an unprecedented win on par with Wisconsin that would pave the way for right to work in states across our nation . "
The Koch - funded organization set up a tent serving free food , drinks , and even $ 25 gas cards outside of the Capitol in an effort to harness support for the bill .
According to a New York Times report , AFP members called thousands of Michigan residents , urging them to support the right - to - work bill and contact their representatives .
An AFP spokeswoman failed to answer a question regarding the amount of money the organization had given to support of the passage of the bill .
The group even circulated a story claiming to be attacked by union supporters following the collapse of an AFP tent set up in front of the capital .
Americans for Prosperity in Wisconsin
Americans for Prosperity - Wisconsin is the state arm of the David Koch 's AFP .
Opposition to Medicaid Expansion
Eric Bott , AFP Wisconsin State Director , argued in an email to supporters that Medicare " expansion means taking resources away from those who truly need Medicaid in order to fund a welfare expansion for those who already have private coverage " and urged supporters to send a letter saying " I agree that those who need health care should have access to quality services .
Medicaid Expansion means taking resources away from those who truly need Medicaid in order to fund a welfare expansion for those who already have private coverage " to their legislators . [ 60 ] [ 61 ]
2011 Wisconsin Protests & 2011/2012 Recall Elections
Leaked Audio Suggests AFP Violated WI Law During Recall
A leaked audio recording of the invite - only June 2014 Koch network donor retreat revealed Phil Cox , Executive Director of the Republican Governors Association ( RGA ) , telling a gathering of right - wing donors that AFP was a " tremendous partner " and " heavily involved " during Wisconsin 's 2012 recall elections .
Cox also thanked David Koch for " his very strong support of the RGA . " [ 62 ] AFP spent at least $ 10 million during the recall , [ 63 ] mostly through its 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) " charitable " arm , while the RGA is a 527 PAC and spent some $ 7 million campaigning expressly for Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker .
If , as the audio suggests , the two groups coordinated their campaigns , they likely violated tax laws barring political intervention by charities , as explained by the Center for Media and Democracy . [ 62 ]
Koch Industries and Scott Walker
In Feb . 2011 , Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker introduced a " budget repair bill " that would deny collective - bargaining rights to public - sector workers , and included language that would allow for the selling off of state - owned power plants , as well as enable officials appointed by the governor to make sweeping cuts in health coverage for low - income families without having to go through the normal legislative process . [ 64 ]
Among those supporting the bill were Americans for Prosperity , with state records showing that Koch Industries , whose energy and consumer products conglomerate is based in Wichita , Kansas , was one of the biggest contributors to Walker 's election campaign .
Koch owns a coal company subsidiary with facilities throughout Wisconsin , including in Green Bay , Manitowoc , Ashland and Sheboygan . [ 65 ]
On February 27 , 2011 , the activist group Anonymous announced an attack on Koch Industries as a response to the Wisconsin protests .
Between 1997 and 2008 , David and Charles Koch collectively gave more than $ 17 million to groups lobbying against unions ; the Kochs are one of ( Republican ) Governor Walker 's largest corporate supporters . [ 66 ] [ 67 ]
Anonymous accused the brothers of attempting " to usurp American Democracy " and called for a boycott of all Koch Industries products . [ 68 ]
Under " Operation Wisconsin , " Anonymous members took down the website of the Koch - funded group Americans for Prosperity with a distributed denial of service attack on Feb. 27 , 2011 .
Anti-Union Advocacy
AFP adopts the anti-union positions held by its libertarian funders , David and Charles Koch . [ 69 ]
A video published on YouTube on February 26 , 2011 shows Scott Hagerstrom , the executive director of Americans for Prosperity Michigan , advocating " taking unions out at the knees so they do n't have the resources " to fight for workplace benefits or political candidates . [ 70 ]
" David Koch - funded Americans for Prosperity conventions in Wisconsin " in the two years prior to 2011 " may have helped lay the groundwork for the state 's controversial battle over labor rights and budget cuts .
The conventions featured leading figures in the right - wing 's attack on workers , and may also have skirted disclosure rules in the process .
Governor Scott Walker and Attorney General J.B. Van Hollen appeared when they were running for office , and both conventions featured Wisconsin Supreme Court Justice David T. Prosser , Jr. .
" In both the 2009 and 2010 conferences , AFP invited activists to attend a closing ' reception ' with ' invited candidates for elected office ' that was ' fully sponsored and hosted ' by the Wisconsin Center for Economic Prosperity ( WCEP ) , a Political Action Committee ( PAC ) .
AFP added a disclaimer to the 2010 political candidate meet - and - greet reception , stating ' the reception and corresponding activities are not sponsored or hosted by the Americans for Prosperity Foundation , Americans for Prosperity , or the Wisconsin Prosperity Network . '
This disclaimer was likely aimed at avoiding restrictions on non-profit involvement in partisan political activities , such as funding a reception for federal and state candidates .
However , at the time of the conventions , WCEP shared leadership with AFP .
Federal filings showed that at least one of WCEP 's checking accounts was in the name of Mark Block , the president of Americans for Prosperity - Wisconsin until 2011 . " [ 71 ]
A TV station reported on a March 4 , 2011 AFP rally in Ashwaubenon , WI that featured a custom - painted , pro-Scott Walker luxury coach
In early March 2011 , AFP conducted a " Stand with Walker " bus tour to Wisconsin , complete with a custom - painted luxury coach with a picture of embattled Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker professionally - painted on the side .
The bus arrived in Ashwaubenon , WI on Friday , March 4 .
About 100 people attended the rally , a " high turnout " that , one Wisconsin TV station reported , " forced organizers to move from Perkins restaurant to the Holiday Inn next door . "
Americans for Prosperity 's Wisconsin state director , Matt Seaholm , who attended the rally , said , " What we 're doing here is , we want to go around the state , you know , give our folks a chance to show their support for what Governor Walker is doing .
So often they can't make it down to Madison and take the day off , so we thought we 'd bring the show to them . " [ 72 ]
A custom - painted luxury coach that goes on highly publicized tours is a hallmark of a corporate - funded front group , according to PRWatch.org 's article on the characteristics of front groups . [ 73 ]
The debate over the public union - quashing Wisconsin " Budget Reform Bill " overflowed into the Spring 2011 non-partisan statewide election , where candidates for Wisconsin Supreme Court justice , incumbent David T. Prosser , Jr. and challenger JoAnne Kloppenburg , campaigned as pro- and anti-Walker , respectively .
Americans for Prosperity weighed in , sending out a " mailer criticizing Wisconsin Supreme Court candidate Joanne Kloppenburg for prosecutions that were trumpeted by her boss Wisconsin 's Republican Attorney General J.B. Van Hollen , who is defending Governor Walker 's union - busting bill in court ....
[ E ] ach of these acts were in the context of enforcing the state 's environmental laws .
Considering that AFP and the Kochs have been pushing climate change denial and the repeal of environmental regulation[s ] , is it coincidence that they chose these examples ? " [ 74 ]
Then , on April 16th , 2011 , " Sarah Palin , former Governor of Alaska who quit her job in 2009 , headlined a rally in Madison , Wisconsin , bought and paid for by the front - group Americans for Prosperity ( AFP ) , but billed as a " grassroots " Tea Party event .
The Koch - funded AFP set up the stage and programmed 13 buses into Madison , but only six were labeled " full " on their website on Saturday .
AFP also likely paid the airfare and fees of the national speakers . " [ 75 ] " [ C] ounter - protesters outnumbered Tea Party supporters .
Wisconsin
Wave held an early rally on the opposite side of the capitol , giving progressives a platform for the day but ending in time for attendees to march in opposition to Palin 's speech ....
Hundreds of protesters brought hand puppets to the event , illustrating the theme ' Walker and Palin are corporate puppets ' of the Koch Brothers and other corporate interests . " [ 76 ]
In February 2012 , David Koch gave a rare interview to the Palm Beach Post and discussed his involvement with the Governor 's pending recall election .
" We 're helping him , as we should .
We 've gotten pretty good at this over the years , " he told the Post , adding " We 've spent a lot of money in Wisconsin .
We 're going to spend more . " [ 77 ]
The interview closely followed AFP 's purchase of $ 700,000 worth of television ads in Wisconsin , which it produced in tandem with the MacIver Institute .
The ad claimed that by eliminating collective bargaining , Walker had " put taxpayers back in control " and praised his record . [ 78 ]
The ads were paid through AFP 's 501 ( c ) 3 branch , which is not allowed to directly participate in elections .
The ad does not mention Scott Walker by name , but clearly articulates for his policies .
AFP has been very active in Wisconsin , teaming up with the Madison - based MacIver Institute to spend millions on the " It 's Working ! " campaign – a series of TV ads and town hall meetings asserting that Governor Scott Walker ’s severe cuts to education and his dramatic repeal of the rights of public workers are “ working , ” in advance of Walker ’s June 2012 recall election .
AFP and MacIver reportedly spent at least $ 2.9 million in 2012 on TV ads supporting Walker ’s agenda as well as untold sums on town hall meetings , rallies , direct mail , Internet outreach , and other work .
State AFP chapters around the country also organized “ Freedom Phone ” phone banks to have individuals make calls into the state “ supporting the Wisconsin reforms . ”
Additionally , the AFP chapter in Illinois is busing out - of - state people into Wisconsin to canvass neighborhoods just a few days before the election .
Luke Hilgemann , the director of AFP - Wisconsin , was the Chief of Staff for Rep. Suder , the ALEC co-chair for Wisconsin .
In his AFP biography , Hilgemann notes that during his time in the Assembly , under the Walker administration , he “ helped craft and implement one of the most conservative legislative agendas in state history which included collective bargaining reforms , Conceal and Carry , Voter ID , and Castle Doctrine ” – all of which track key provisions of ALEC model legislation .
AFP is a private sector member of ALEC , as is Koch Industries , which has had a seat on ALEC ’s governing private sector board for almost two decades and also chaired ALEC ’s corporate board for a number of years . [ 79 ]
According to documents obtained by Common Cause , AFP was on ALEC’s Tax and Fiscal Policy Task Force in 2011 , and its Energy , Environment and Agriculture Task Force in 2010 , but currently - available task force information does not include member rosters .
When ALEC came under additional public scrutiny in 2012 , Wisconsin legislators received identical emails supporting ALEC from people claiming to be constituents , and the text of the emails was identical to the language in an online petition pushed by AFP across the country .
" It 's Working Wisconsin "
Climate Change Denial
Opposition to Automobile Efficiency Standards
Across the country , AFP has been involved in a fight against regulations mandating that cars are more efficient .
According to The New York Times , " in Illinois , it discouraged state officials from considering subsidies for electric vehicles . " and in Colorado , AFP representatives argued that people want SUV's , not tighter emissions rules . [ 80 ]
Plot to Kill Public Transit Projects
According to The New York Times , AFP has taken part in " killing public transit projects around the country . "
Using data from i360 AFP activists are going to door in various cities urging their fellow citizens to oppose public transport plans .
" The Kochs ’ opposition to transit spending stems from their longstanding free - market , libertarian philosophy .
It also dovetails with their financial interests , which benefit from automobiles and highways , " The New York Times reported in June of 2018 . [ 7 ]
AFP Called Out for Blocking Action on Climate Change
In July of 2016 , nineteen U.S. Senators delivered a series of speeches denouncing climate change denial from 32 organizations with links to fossil - fuel interests , including Americans for Prosperity . [ 81 ] Sen .
Whitehouse ( RI - D ) , who led the effort to expose " the web of denial " said in his remarks on the floor that the purpose was to ,
" shine a little light on the web of climate denial and spotlight the bad actors in the web , who are polluting our American discourse with phony climate denial .
This web of denial , formed over decades , has been built and provisioned by the deep - pocketed Koch brothers , by ExxonMobil , by Peabody coal , and by other fossil fuel interests .
It is a grim shadow over our democracy in that it includes an electioneering effort that spends hundreds of millions of dollars in a single election cycle and threatens any Republican who steps up to address the global threat of climate change .
. . .
[ I ]t is long past time we shed some light on the perpetrators of this web of denial and expose their filthy grip on our political process .
It is a disgrace , and our grandchildren will look back at this as a dirty time in America ’s political history because of their work . ” [ 81 ]
Hot Air Tour
During 2008 , Americans for Prosperity ran its Hot Air Tour campaign , a hot air balloon cross-country tour with the slogan , " Global Warming Alarmism : Lost Jobs , Higher Taxes , Less Freedom . "
According the the Hot Air Tour website , " Climate alarmists have bombarded citizens with apocalyptic scenarios and pressured them into environmental political correctness .
It 's time to tell the other side of the story .
Americans for Prosperity is working hard to bring you the missing half of the global warming debate .
What will the impacts of reactionary legislation be for you , your family and our economy ? " [ 82 ]
AFP has received millions from fossil fuel interests , including at least $ 5 million from Koch family foundations .
Influence Over House Energy and Commerce Committee Chair Fred Upton
In early January 2011 , House Energy and Commerce Committee chair Fred Upton coauthored a Wall Street Journal op - ed with Tim Phillips , the president of Americans for Prosperity , about new EPA regulations to curb greenhouse gas emissions .
They wrote that the EPA " presumes that carbon is a problem in need of regulation .
We are not convinced . "
They also said the carbon regulation rules are " an unconstitutional power grab that will kill millions of jobs . "
Koch Industries was among Upton 's top contributors in the 2010 election cycle , along with several other energy companies . [ 83 ]
In the past , Upton has advocated taking action on global warming : " I strongly believe that everything must be on the table as we seek to reduce carbon emissions , " he once stated on his website , which has since been removed .
Following the 2010 Tea Party - aided Republican takeover of the House and a heated fight for the chairmanship of the energy and commerce committee , Upton 's position on climate change has veered closer to those of global warming skeptics , like most Republican congressional members .
Upton is considering using the Congressional Review Act to block the EPA 's new regulations on greenhouse gas emissions , in which Congress can overturn regulations from the executive branch within 60 days of their publication in the Federal Register , although the President retains the right to veto . [ 83 ]
Involvement in Protesting Health Care Reform
Speaker compares HR 3200 to history 's greatest atrocities at a Patients First co-sponsored event in Pueblo , CO in August , 2009
Americans for Prosperity created an offshoot front group called Patients United Now , which organized what is estimated to be in excess of three hundred rallies against health - care reform .
Patients United Now also helped organize " Kill the Bill ” protests outside the Capitol , in March 2010 , where Democratic supporters of health - care reform alleged that they were spat on and cursed at . [ 84 ]
In 2009 Americans for Prosperity , along with The 912 Project , was one of the conservative groups involved in organizing " town hall protests " and " recess rallies " where participants oppose health care reform by rambunctiously shouting down members of Congress while they are holding public meetings to inform the public about the proposals .[ citation needed ]
AFP started a group called " Patients First " to oppose health care . [ 12 ]
Patients
First conducts bus tours around the country to create opposition to health care reform .
Americans for Prosperity / Patients
First visit cities and speaks to rally people and encourage them to oppose health care reform .
AFP has been accused of likening democratically - proposed health care reform to the regimes of Mugabe , Hitler , Stalin , and Pol Pot as the SEIU - produced video here demonstrates .
A speaker at an AFP co-sponsored event in Pueblo , Colorado repeated the discredited conservative idea that Democratic health care reform will mandate physician - assisted suicide or death for older members of society .
" Adolf Hitler issued six million end of life orders -- he called his program the final solution .
I kind of wonder what we 're going to call ours , " he said .
The speaker further advises audience to " go to offices of members of Congress and put the fear of god in them . " [ 85 ]
Deceptive 2013 Anti-Obamacare Ad Campaign
Americans for Prosperity Anti-Obamacare Ad
In July 2013 , Americans for Prosperity started an ad campaign aimed at young women in an effort to capture swing voters for the 2014 midterm elections .
One of the ads features a young mother with a chronically ill child .
She expresses concern about being able to choose her own doctor and whether she can trust Washington to provide her family with healthcare .
AFP is targeting young women by playing the commercial during shows popular with women like the Food Network cooking competition “ Chopped , ” “ Law & Order : SVU ” and “ Good Morning America . ” [ 86 ]
The ad is directly misleading , providing viewers with false information .
Among the concerns brought up is not being able to choose your own doctor and having a limited network of doctors from which to choose .
Obamacare does not force patients to see certain doctors and current health insurance companies severely limit the network of practitioners from which a patient may choose .
Another misleading claim is that patients will be paying higher premiums .
In fact the Congressional Budget Office estimates that 19 million people , the majority of enrollees , will eventually receive subsidies to purchase comprehensive health care coverage from the exchanges . [ 87 ]
AFP has also created a website to accompany the ad campaign .
Viewers can input personal data to find out " risk factors " they may face under Obamacare .
The site uses scare tactics to overwhelm viewers and intimidate them against the new healthcare reform law . [ 87 ]
Anti-Astroturf Signs
After being accused of astroturfing for corporate interests , Americans for Prosperity volunteers started making hand - made signs for rally participants to have more of an appearance of an actual grassroots crowd .
Many of the pre-made signs had small “ AFP ” markers on them .
Speakers at AFP rallies started mocking the " AstroTurf " and " Brooks Brothers " themes in nearly every speech at the rallies . [ 88 ]
2010 Campaigning
What Will Government Run Health Care Actually Look Like ?
A week before the Nov. 2 , 2010 mid-term elections , AFP began running an ad featuring a Canadian resident , identified on the AFP website as Shona Holmes , who said she developed a brain tumor in Canada and would be dead if she had relied upon the country 's state - run health care : “ Many Americans wonder what the new health care bill will do .
Well , I know .
If I had waited for treatment in my government - run health care system , I ’d be dead . ”
The ad does not mention that the U.S. health care bill does not , in fact , embrace a single - payer system , nor does it mention how many people die in the U.S. as a result of not having health insurance .
AFP stated that " the $ 607,000 ad buy will run on National cable networks starting today [ Oct. 27 , 2010 ] and continuing through November 1st . "
On the ad , AFP President Tim Phillips said : “ Our health is too important to leave in the hands of a government bureaucrat .
Shona is a sobering example of how patients in other countries look to the U.S. for more choice and availability in health care when their own government - controlled systems fail . ” [ 89 ]
According to the Ottawa Citizen , Holmes ' " brain tumour " was actually a Rathke 's Cleft Cyst on her pituitary gland .
On Holmes , the John Wayne Cancer Center stated : " Rathke 's Cleft Cysts are not true tumors or neoplasms ; instead they are benign cysts . " [ 90 ]
Anti-Economic Stimulus Stance
Beginning in 2009 , Americans for Prosperity launched the website nostimulus.com , a grassroots website intended to address concerns regarding government spending and growth . [ 91 ]
The site also contained a petition against the American Recovery and Reinvestment
Act that became so popular that it crashed the website in early February 2009 . [ 92 ]
Anti-Military and Economic Lobbying
In North Carolina , AFP lobbied for a bill ( H810 ) that would raise the interest rate of some small loans by almost 40 percent .
The News - Record reports : " Interest rates for some small consumer loans would more than double under a bill that cleared the House banking committee Thursday — despite opposition from consumer groups and top commanders of the state ’s military bases .
Opponents of the bill say the vote came after pressure from Republican leaders on behalf of an industry that helped bankroll the GOP takeover of the chamber .
Backers of the bill say small lenders have n’t been able to raise their rates or fees since 1983 , meaning they ’re working on slim profit margins .
Such lenders are typically store - front operations who will loan to people who do n’t have access to credit cards and want loans smaller than banks are willing to make . "
Some of the biggest opponents of the bill are military commanders , who spoke out against the bill .
The News - Record reports that : " “ Soldiers get themselves in financial trouble with high - interest installment loans , and then we have to pick up the pieces , ” said Col. Stephen Sicinski , the garrison commander for Fort Bragg .
Speaking after a committee meeting a week ago , Sicinski said soldiers can lose their security clearances and ability to work if they get into financial problems .
That ’s because they are deemed a security risk for getting bribed .
The bill has faced a tumultuous path through the General Assembly this year and has had numerous stops and starts .
Banking Committee chairman Johnathan Rhyne , a Lincolnton Republican , pulled the measure last week after remarks from Sicinski curdled support . " [ 93 ]
Apparently , $ 140,370 was given in campaign donations from " lenders that make small installment loans and their PACS that went to Republican candidates or campaign funds during the 2010 election cycle .
At the same time , the lenders shifted support away from Democratic leaders . " [ 94 ]
The AFP website for the North Carolina branch lobbied for support of the bill with an announcement titled , " Why We support the Consumer Finance Act . "
It states that the bill would " update a 28 - year - old law governing consumer loans in North Carolina by providing more flexibility for borrowers and lenders .
Consumer finance lenders serve an important gap in the financial sector by providing lending options to North Carolina ’s underserved middle class .
The average consumer finance loan borrower in North Carolina has an annual income of $ 55,000 - $ 75,000 . "
State Budget Lobbying
" According to the Americans for Prosperity Web site , some 28 Republicans in the Wisconsin Legislature signed a ' no tax increase ' pledge with the organization , " along with two Democrats , wrote Dave Zweifel in October 2007 .
He blamed pressure from no - tax groups on delays with Wisconsin 's state budget , more than three months overdue .
When these legislators " already had announced they had closed their minds -- even to an increase in cigarette taxes to expand health care to kids -- how really could there be compromise ? " he asked . [ 95 ]
Americans for Prosperity , which held an anti-tax rally in Madison on October 17 , 2007 , [ 96 ] has also been active in other states .
In March , Americans for Prosperity put pressure on Kansas legislators as they debated their state budget .
The group patched in calls from residents to legislators ' offices , but " they were n't quite clear why they were calling in , " said one office assistant , referring to the callers .
" Something about state spending , " but the Kansans " could n't tell her who had made the call or any specifics on what they were told , " reported the Capital - Journal in Topeka . [ 97 ]
Americans for Prosperity and the Tea Party
In a 2013 study , researchers at the University of California - San Francisco found links between the Tea Party movement and " tobacco industry efforts to oppose smoking restrictions and tobacco taxes beginning in the 1980s , " as reported by the university . [ 98 ]
“ If you look at CSE , AFP and Freedom Works , you will see a number of the same key players , strategies and messages going back to the 1980s , ” said lead author Amanda Fallin , PhD , RN , also a CTCRE fellow .
“ The records indicate that the Tea Party has been shaped by the tobacco industry , and is not a spontaneous grassroots movement at all . ” [ 98 ]
According to a 2010 article on Koch Industries and the billionaire Koch brothers in The New Yorker , the advocacy wing of Americans for Prosperity organized a July 4th 2010 weekend summit called Defending the American Dream in Austin , TX .
Five hundred people attended the summit , which The New Yorker said served , in part , as a training session for Tea Party activists in Texas .
An advertisement cast the event as a populist uprising against vested corporate power : “ Today , the voices of average Americans are being drowned out by lobbyists and special interests .
But you can do something about it ” without making any mention of its corporate funders .
The White House has expressed frustration that such sponsors have largely eluded public notice - David Axelrod , President Obama ’s senior adviser , said , “ What they do n’t say is that , in part , this is a grassroots citizens ’ movement brought to you by a bunch of oil billionaires . ” [ 99 ]
Reports indicate that the Tea Party Movement has benefitted from millions of dollars from conservative foundations that are derived from wealthy U.S. families and their business interests .
It appears that money to organize and implement the movement is flowing primarily through two right - wing groups : Americans for Prosperity and FreedomWorks .
In an April 9 , 2009 article on ThinkProgress.org , Lee Fang reported that the principal organizers of Tea Party events were Americans for Prosperity and Freedom Works , which it described as two " lobbyist - run think tanks " that are " well funded " and that provide the logistics and organizing for the Tea Party movement from coast to coast .
Media Matters reported that David Koch of Koch Industries was a co-founder of Citizens for a Sound Economy ( CSE ) .
David Koch was chairman of the board of directors of CSE . [ 100 ] CSE received substantial funding from David Koch .
Media Matters reported that the Koch family has given more than $ 12 million to CSE ( predecessor of FreedomWorks ) between 1985 and 2002 . [ 101 ] [ 102 ]
RightOnline
In July 2008 , Americans for Prosperity hosted RightOnline , a conference of right - wing bloggers in Austin , Texas .
The conference brought together conservative activists to develop strategies to counter left - wing bloggers and develop conservative " New Media " techniques .
The meeting was held in conjunction with the Texas AFP chapter 's conference . [ 103 ] [ 104 ]
2011 Campaign against Detroit's New International Trade Crossing bridge project
On June 6 , 2011 , members of Americans for Prosperity posted fake eviction notices to homes in Southwest Detroit as part of their campaign against a publicly built bridge across the Detroit River . [ 105 ]
The shock campaigning generated outrage among local legislators and journalists , with State Representative Rashida Tlaib complaining that the fear mongering tactic has created chaos in an already socioeconomically stressed neighborhood , and Detroit Free Press Editor Stephen Henderson labeling the pamphleting " substantively shameful , " " contextually inexcusable , " and " emotionally [ manipulative ] . " [ 106 ] [ 107 ]
The Michigan director of Americans for Prosperity , Scott Hagerstrom , said the group 's actions were " meant to startle people " and call their attention to the bridge development project , which will remunerate displaced homeowners despite AFP claims that all local residents stand to be evicted .
According to Stephen Henderson , " In an area like Delray where values are so depressed , property owners bargain for more in a public development project than they 'd ever get selling their places on the market . " [ 108 ]
Henderson compared the distribution of the fake eviction notices , which he described as " emotional terrorism , " to the blockbusting of the mid-20th century , when bigoted realtors and building developers hired black families to pretend they were moving into a neighborhood , creating panic among white families who then sold their properties at bloated prices . [ 109 ]
Tobacco
AFP advocates pro-tobacco industry positions on issues like cigarette taxes and clean indoor air laws .
The name " Americans for Prosperity " will sound familiar to tobacco prevention policy advocates , as Americans for Prosperity worked around the U.S. to defeat both smoke - free workplace laws and cigarette excise tax increases . " [ 110 ]
According to a report from the Guardian , AFP has " accepted donations from Altria -- the parent company of Philip Morris USA , John Middleton , Inc. , and U.S. Smokeless Tobacco Company , Inc. -- from 2011 to 2014 .
In both 2012 and 2017 , AFP accepted $ 50,000 from the makers of Camel cigarettes , RJ Reynolds .
British American Tobacco told the Guardian that it , too , has donated to AFP .
AFP argued in support of a Philip Morris product to the US Food and Drug Administration , " was fundamental in structuring and supporting the Tea Party in its initial stages and went on to adopt a policy agenda aligned with tobacco companies , opposed tobacco taxes in California in 2012 and in Arkansas in 2009 and opposed clean indoor air laws in North Carolina in 2007 . [ 111 ]
Americans for Prosperity opposed a proposed Texas smoking ban in 2005 .
According to the Fort Worth Star - Telegram , “ A proposed statewide smoking ban appears all but dead , supporters acknowledged Monday as they waged a frantic battle to bring the bill up for a vote in the Senate .
‘ I think the bill is dead , ’ said Peggy Venable , Texas director of Americans for Prosperity , which opposed the legislation , arguing that it is an intrusion on private - property rights . "
The strategy of portraying smoking as a " property right " can be traced to Philip Morris which , in the mid-1990s , introduced bills in state legislatures nominally to protect property rights as a means of fighting smoking bans .
Venable called the smoke - free measure a " reckless expansion of government " that " set a dangerous precedent . "
Although Venable did not testify against the bill directly on behalf of the tobacco industry , the Houston Chronicle reported in 2007 that Americans for Prosperity had , in fact , been underwritten by tobacco companies in other states . [ 112 ]
Americans for Prosperity opposes smoking bans by using slippery - slope arguments ( " Where will it stop ? " ) and erroneous arguments that smoking restrictions are economically damaging . [ 113 ]
Tobacco Control [ 114 ] )
Connections between the tobacco industry , third - party allies and the Tea Party , from the 1980's ( top ) through 2012 ( bottom ) .
The thick black line connects CSE with its direct successor organisations ( Source :
Americans for Prosperity ( AFP ) also opposed an Illinois state tax on cigarettes in 2008 , claiming it would eliminate jobs . [ 115 ]
AFP has opposed clean indoor air laws in Washington , D.C. and elsewhere . [ 116 ]
AFP opposed a clean indoor air law in Kansas City , portraying the issue as one of personal liberty and economics rather than public health . [ 117 ]
Tobacco Industry and the Tea Party
According to a study published February 8 , 2013 in the journal Tobacco Control , " Rather than being a purely grassroots movement that spontaneously developed in 2009 , the Tea Party has developed over time , in part through decades of work by the tobacco industry and other corporate interests . " [ 114 ]
Americans for Prosperity and FreedomWorks , both of whom have worked to oppose smoke - free laws across the United States since at least 2006 , were major players in this effort , with help from the PR firm , DCI Group . [ 114 ]
State and Local Involvement
Americans for Prosperity has state chapters in 38 states .
As or April 2018 , AFP is in the following states :
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Florida
Georgia
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Pennsylvania
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Virginia
West Virginia
Wisconsin
The Prosperity Network
Another off - shoot of Americans for Prosperity is " The Prosperity Network . "
The state chapters and their leaders and activities are hard to track , as is where the chapters get their money .
Looking at the Wisconsin Prosperity Network chapter is a good illustration of how the Network works on a state and local level . [ 118 ]
Information is surprisingly scant for an organization with so many high - profile members and funders .
As of March 2011 , there is no Web site ( it looks as if it was taken down ) and the only contact information found is the email address : info@wisconsinprosperity network.com .
Mark Pitsch , a reporter at the Wisconsin State Journal , wrote an in - depth article in May 2009 about the then newly - formed Wisconsin Prosperity Network .
In the article , Pitsch describes the group as , " dubbed the Wisconsin Prosperity Network , the effort calls for an annual budget of $ 6.4 million and the creation of 14 new organizations , according to a draft outline of the network obtained by the State Journal . " [ 119 ]
The draft shows that these groups , existing outside of the Republican National or State Parties , recruits local and state candidates , mobilizes voters , uses lawsuits to advance conservative issues in court , researches public policy issues and fights perceived media bias towards the left .
Not all of the 14 groups are known , but one of the first ones to be established was the MacIver Institute , a right - wing think tank named after Republican operative John MacIver .
Also , Fight Back Wisconsin and Refocus Wisconsin ( a part of The Wisconsin Policy Research Institute , Inc. , of which James R. Klauser is Chairman , as well as a major supporter of WPN ) are both listed on the Americans for Prosperity - Wisconsin Web site . [ 120 ]
First Freedoms Foundation is another group on the AFP - Wisconsin Web site that has a similar Board Member as reported by the Wisconsin State Journal article , " New Wisconsin Prosperity Network group would push GOP causes . "
AFP has also worked to take over schools boards in North Carolina , Colorado , and Wisconsin . [ 121 ]
Local and State Leaders
The leaders of Wisconsin Prosperity Network are difficult to find , but Pitsch obtained a list that is in his article .
The following are known members of WPN : [ 122 ]
James Klauster - Klauster is a GOP power broker and top aide to former Gov. Tommy Thompson .
He is also a Chairman on the The Wisconsin Policy Research Institute Inc. board and Senior Vice President at Wisconsin Energy Corp .
He was a consultant from 1992 to 1996 for the Republican National Committee and Republican Governors Association , a General Chairman of the Thompson for Governor Committee , Co-Chairman of the Bush for President - Wisconsin committee in 2000 and as Chairman in 2004 . [ 123 ]
Klauser and his wife Shirley have given $ 96,683.45 to Wisconsin politicians since 1992 . [ 124 ]
Michael Grebe - Grebe is the Bradley Foundation President and Chairman of the Republican Party of Washington .
He also served on the Commission on Judicial Elections and Ethics board in 1997 .
Grebe is also the former boss of Barack Obama at Foley & Lardner LLP .
He also chaired Scott Walker 's electoral campaigns .
Grebe and his wife Margaret have given $ 120,850 to Wisconsin politicians since 1992 . [ 125 ]
Fred Luber – Luber is a businessman and the founder and chairman of Super Steel Corp .
He also is a MacIver Institute Chair , was a Scott Walker Campaign Finance Co-Chair and founder of the Anne And Fred Luber Foundation .
He also served on the Commission on Judicial Elections and Ethics board in 1997 .
Luber and his wife Anne has given $ 114,973 to Wisconsin politicians since 1992 . [ 126 ]
Mark Block – Former President of Americans for Prosperity Wisconsin chapter , Main organizer of Wisconsin Prosperity Network , on the Board of Directors of the MacIver Institute and the First Freedoms Foundation .
In 2008 , Block was appointed a member of the Wisconsin Advisory Committee to the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights .
He was also a consultant and fundraiser in the past with Mark Block and Associates , and did fundraising and consulting for Presidential candidates like George W. Bush and Governors like Tommy Thompson and Wisconsin Supreme Court Justices Janine Geske and Jon Wilcox .
The Wilcox campaign that Block managed holds the record for the highest paid election law penalties in Wisconsin history .
Block settled the case brought against him in 2001 by the State Elections Board for illegal campaign activity - illegally raising $ 200,000 with a front group pretending to operate independently from a political party .
Block paid $ 15,000 in fines and had to stay away from Wisconsin political campaigns for three years ;
The leader of the front group paid $ 35,000 and was banned from Wisconsin politics for five years ;
And Jon Wilcox paid $ 10,000 in fines . [ 127 ]
Block was also involved in a " voter caging " controversy in Wisconsin during the 2010 elections .
[ 128 ]
The Center for Media and Democracy filed a letter with the Internal Revenue Service , requesting that it investigate Block 's Prosperity USA , a nonprofit organization that spent money on Herman Cain 's presidential campaign . [ 129 ]
Block has given $ 5,643.19 to Wisconsin politicians since 1992 . [ 130 ]
Scott Jensen – Jensen is the former Chief of Staff for Tommy Tompson between 1990 to 1992 .
He was voted into the Wisconsin State Assembly from 1991 - 2006 .
Jensen was the former Assembly Speaker from 1995 - 2002 .
He is also an advisor on the American Federation for Children Government Team . [ 131 ] [ 132 ]
Jensen was convicted of three felonies and a misdemeanor in 2002 , facing prison time for " misconduct in public office on accusations of using state resources and state workers to campaign for Assembly Republicans in 1998 and 2000 elections . " [ 133 ]
In 2010 , Jensen reached a plea deal after his original sentence was overturned for a technicality . [ 134 ]
The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reported that " Jensen resolved the criminal case against him involving misconduct in office charges by agreeing Monday to pay a $ 5,000 civil forfeiture and reimbursing the state $ 67,174 in legal fees initially borne by taxpayers , according to a plea deal . " [ 135 ] Jensen has given $ 3,090 to Wisconsin politicians since 1992 . [ 136 ]
Complaints About AFP 's Activities
On February 23 , 2012 , Wisconsin Democrats filed a complaint with the Government Accountability Board and the Internal Revenue Service about AFP 's activities in the state .
The complaint was issued in response to comments made by David Koch in an interview with the the Palm Beach Post .
Koch acknowledged his efforts to aid Scott Walker 's campaign to win the likely recall election he will be facing this spring , stating that " We 've spent a lot of money in Wisconsin .
We 're going to spend a lot more . "
As a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) , AFP is not allowed to engage in " activities which constitute participation or intervention in a political campaign on behalf of or in opposition to a candidate , " so Koch 's comments suggest that AFP 's activities may be unlawful . [ 137 ] Democratic Party Chairman Mike
Tate also called on television stations airing AFP ads to immediately remove the ads from their broadcasts . [ 138 ]
Funding
Source : Robert Maguire with the Center for Responsive Politics .
Matea Gold and Cristina Rivero / The Washington Post .
The $ 400 million Koch network uses a maze of nonprofit groups and LLCs to conceal donations and campaign activity
On its website , Americans For Prosperity states that " AFP gets its support from individuals and corporations which share its vision . "
However , it does not disclose which corporations fund its operations . [ 139 ]
The Center for Public Integrity noted that Americans for Prosperity " has received large sums of money from other Koch - connected nonprofits such as Freedom Partners and the Center to Protect Patient Rights " along with " corporate interests , such as the American Petroleum Institute and tobacco giant Reynolds American . " [ 140 ]
It is not known how much of AFP 's money comes from direct checks from David or Charles Koch or from Koch Industries .
These sources are not required to disclose their donations , unlike the Koch family foundations .
Donations to the 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) are tax - deductible .
Koch Funding
Kevin Grandia of DeSmogBlog , who has researched AFP funding , states that :
" The AFP is the third largest recipient of funding from the Koch Family Foundations , behind the Cato Institute and the George Mason University Foundation .
" Before 2003 , when the AFP was still named the Citizens for a Sound Economy Foundation , it received $ 18,460,912 in funding .
84 % of that funding came from the Koch Family Foundations ( $ 12,906,712 ) and the Scaife Family Foundations ( $ 2,510,000 ) .
" Koch Family Foundations is funded by the billionaires who lead Koch Industries .
According to Forbes , Koch Industries is the second largest privately - held company , and the largest privately owned energy company , in the United States .
Koch industries has made its money in the oil business , primarily oil refining .
Presently , it holds stakes in pipelines , refineries , fertilizer , forest products , and chemical technology .
Americans for Prosperity is also connected to oil giant ExxonMobil .
According to ExxonSecrets , between the years 1998 - 2001 , Citizens for A Sound Economy and Citizens for a Sound Economy Foundation received $ 380,250 from ExxonMobil . " [ 141 ]
More information about disclosed contributions to AFP from Koch - controlled foundations can be found on the Koch Family Foundations page .
In 2010 , AFP received $ 1,924,000 from the Center to Protect Patients ' Rights , a Koch - connected 501 ( c ) 4 that acted as a conduit for around $ 55 million in secret funding distributed to other nonprofit groups that attacked Democrats in the 2010 elections .
[ 142 ] [ 143 ]
Core Financials
2018 [ 3 ]
Total Revenue : $ 96,544,184
Total Expenses : $ 89,615,828
Net Assets : $ 19,741,686
Grants Distributed
Greater North Dakota Chamber of Commerce : $ 90,000
No On Proposition 126 : $ 10,000
South Dakota Chamber of Commerce : $ 25,000
2017 [ 144 ]
Total Revenue : $ 57,578,959
Total Expenses : $ 51,688,505
Net Assets : $ 12,813,330
Grants Distributed
Arizona Free Enterprise Club : $ 110,000
Center for Independent Employees : $ 18,000
Springs Taxpayers : $ 15,000
2016 [ 145 ]
Total Revenue : $ 64,022,929
Total Expenses : $ 58,306,180
Net Assets : $ 6,922,940
Grants Distributed
Defeat22com : $ 590,000
Arizona Free Enterprise Club : $ 100,000
2015 [ 146 ]
Total Revenue : $ 44,382,585
Total Expenses : $ 45,727,933
Net Assets : $ 1,206,844
Grants Distributed
Beacon Center of Tennessee : $ 10,000
Home School Legal Defense Association : $ 6,000
Kansas Senior Consumer Alliance : $ 42,000
KidsFirst Mississippi Political Issue Committee : $ 210,000
Protect my Check : $ 50,000
2014 [ 147 ]
Total Revenue : $ 82,682,125
Total Expenses : $ 90,412,075
Net Assets : $ 2,552,192
Grants Distributed
Let the People Vote : $ 20,000
Home School Legal Defense Association : $ 23,200
Coalition for American Values : $ 85,500
2013 [ 148 ]
Total Revenue : $ 44,245,689
Total Expenses : $ 34,791,542
Net Assets : $ 10,282,142
Grants Distributed
Enterprise Freedom Action Committee : $ 200,000
2012 [ 149 ]
Total Revenue : $ 115,126,635
Total Expenses : $ 122,250,942
Net Assets : $ 827,995
Grants Distributed
American Energy Alliance : $ 15,000
Citizens for Community Values Action : $ 5,800
Clark County School District : $ 11,000
Conservative Alliance for Community Growth : $ 6,400
Hampton Roads Tea Party : $ 7,700
New Hampshire Advantage Coalition : $ 20,000
National Federation for Independent Businesses : $ 20,000
Smart Girl Politics , Inc. : $ 5,650
Center to Protect Patient Rights : $ 100,000
We the People Convention : $ 20,000
American Principles in Action : $ 7,259
Keep Albuquerque Working : $ 12,000
New Mexico Business Coalition : $ 7,500
Tax Fairness for All Wichitans : $ 43,000
Personnel
Staff
The first president of Americans for Prosperity was Nancy Pfotenhauer who , prior to the group 's foundation in 2003 , had been an executive with the Citizens for a Sound Economy Foundation . [ 150 ]
Pfotenhauer later left AFP and in 2007 joined the John McCain campaign .
Pfotenhauer was simultaneously the president of the Independent Women ’s Forum .
From 1996 to 2001 , Pfotenhauer was the director of the Washington office of Koch Industries . [ 151 ] [ 152 ]
She remains on the board .
Tim Phillips is the current president of the group . [ 153 ]
Phillips has long ties to the Christian right leader Ralph Reed and convicted felon Jack Abramoff . [ 154 ]
Leadership
The leadership team listed on the Americans for Prosperity website as of December 2019 : [ 155 ]
Emily Seidel , Chief Executive Officer
Tim Phillips , President .
Phillips received $ 349,129 in compensation from AFP and related organizations in 2012 , the most recent year for which data is available . [ 149 ]
Nathan Nascimento , Executive Vice President
Chase Downham , Senior Vice President of Grassroots
Jorge Lima , Senior Vice President of Policy
Brent Gardner , Chief Government Affairs Officer
Victor E. Bernson , Vice President , General Counsel
Dustin Zvonek , Vice President of Strategy and Innovation
Derrick Sontag , Vice President of Operations
Former Staff
Mark Lucas , Senior Vice President of Grassroots
Sarah Field , Vice President of Judicial Strategy
Luke Hilgeman , Chief Operating Officer
Chris Fink , Vice President , Development
Teresa Oelke , Senior Vice President ]
Josh Fisher , Vice President of Finance and Treasurer
Molly Tims , Chief of Staff [ 156 ]
Board of Directors
The following are listed as members of the Americans for Prosperity board on its website , as of December 2019 : [ 157 ]
Former Directors
Americans For Prosperity
1310 N Courthouse Road , No 700
Arlington , VA 22201
Phone : ( 703 ) 224-3200
Toll Free : ( 866 ) 730-0150
Fax : ( 703 ) 224-3201
Email : info@AFPhq.org
Web : http://www.americansforprosperity.org
Other websites include :
http://www.rightonline.com/
http://www.defendingthedream.org/
http://www.hotairtour.org/
http://www.noclimatetax.com/
http://www.novemberiscoming.com/
November Is Coming
http://americansforprosperity.com/031910-america-tells-congress-november-coming
America Tells Congress : November is Coming
Articles and Resources
IRS Form 990 Filings
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
Related SourceWatch Articles
External resources
( Newser ) – A law that forbids any business from making a profit off its employees ’ nudity has sounded the death knell for strip clubs , and indeed the sex industry as a whole , in Iceland — news that has Julie Bindel hailing the island as the world ’s most feminist country .
Iceland is the first to put the kibosh on stripping for woman - friendly — as opposed to religious — reasons , Bindel notes in the Guardian .
And it ’s all thanks to the number of women in high political places :
Almost half of its legislators are women , including Johanna Sigurdardottir , the country ’s first female head of state — and the world ’s first openly lesbian leader .
“ Once you break past the glass ceiling and have more than one third of female politicians , ” one of the number tells Bindel , “ something changes .
Feminist energy seems to permeate everything . ”
( Read more Johanna Sigurdardottir stories . )
' I do n't know , quite frankly , whether victory will come on the third Sunday in March or on the first Tuesday in November , but victory will come , ' House Republican Conference leader Mike Pence told Republicans Saturday afternoon .
House Republicans begin victory lap
As Democrats frantically tried to cobble together votes to pass their sweeping health care reform legislation Saturday , House Republicans began a victory lap of sorts .
First , in a meeting of the House Republican Conference , the GOP ’s leadership rallied the troops with flourishing rhetoric about regaining the majority in the fall .
Advertisement
“ I do n’t know , quite frankly , whether victory will come on the third Sunday in March or on the first Tuesday in November , but victory will come , ” House Republican Conference leader Mike Pence of Indiana told Republicans Saturday afternoon .
And when they emerged from the room to speak to the media and a crush of video cameras , House Republican leaders were met by a boisterous crowd of citizens screaming “ kill the bill ” and nodding in unison to their promises to continue the fight to derail the legislation .
Saturday ’s schedule gives an idea of how confident Republicans are feeling .
Republicans opened up their closed conference meeting to television cameras and reporters , GOP lawmakers were hosting telephone town halls in Democratic swing districts and Republicans were whipping undecided Democrats to vote against the legislation they ’ve been wrangling over for more than a year .
This all comes after a week where House Minority Leader John Boehner of Ohio gave a series of interviews expressing confidence that Republicans could take back the House in November .
“ There are more activities going on than you would see in a normal campaign , ” Boehner told reporters .
Boehner , who helped orchestrate the 1994 GOP takeover of the House , was somewhat of a rock star Saturday .
He ditched his black SUV for a trip back from the Cannon House Office building to the Capitol , crossing Independence Avenue on foot to waves of cheers .
He posed for a photo – the unfortunate gentleman ’s camera was full – and even kissed a woman on a motorized scooter .
Perhaps the most stunning – and unscripted – moment for Republicans came when they emerged from their conference meeting to a stakeout point that ’s typically filled with a handful of Capitol Hill reporters .
Roughly 100 citizens gathered in the Cannon rotunda – held back by Capitol Police officers – cheering the GOP ’s leadership .
The rhetoric was hardly new – Republicans rehashed many of the same lines they ’ve been using for about a year .
But judging by the crowd ’s response , it seemed as if the party ’s leadership had spontaneously topped Shakespeare .
“ It ’s important that they understand that its not the president ’s House , that it ’s not the speaker ’s House , that it ’s the people ’s House , and this weekend House Republicans will stand with the American people and do everything in our power to defend their freedom and bring about health care reform that gives them more freedom and not more government , ” Pence said to cheers .
Even Rep. Paul Ryan , the wonky top Republican on the Budget committee , got his moment .
“ They do n’t now have the votes for it and I sure hope they won ’t , ” he said .
They struck a populist tone , much to the delight of the crowd .
Boehner said he was trying to coax House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) to force her members to go to the floor and before " God , their countrymen and their constituents , " and unveil how they would vote .
“ I thank all of the Americans that have come here to join us in this fight – the fight is nearing an end , but if we continue to work hard and listen to the American people , we can defeat this bill , ” House Minority Leader Eric Cantor of Virginia said .
Perhaps he was feeling the energy from the crowd , but less than an hour after he told his conference that they could n’t stop the bill , even calling Sunday Armegeddon , Boehner had a new message for the crowd gathered in the Cannon Rotunda .
“ This health care bill would ruin our country , ” he said .
“ It ’s time to stop it . ”
One person in the crowd responded , “ That ’s right . ”
Let it be known that today that is first day we groaned when we saw a new glut of SXSW missives end up in our inbox .
Gone are the bright - eyed days of early January when we welcomed each SXSW e-mail like a homebound war - weary soldier .
Now when we see something with " showcase " in the heading , we just glance the through the copy for the promise of free booze .
We still can't wait to hit Austin , but dang , it 's getting taxing just thinking about we all need to see .
After missing Tuesday night's
, we now have strict marching orders to check out the latter group .
The all - female band had the Houston interwebs aflutter before their set was even over , making closers Akron / Family an afterthought for some .
Most of the boys at the show fell in love with the gals in Warpaint as well , so do n't be alarmed if you get light - headed watching the above clip .
You are not alone .
This past week we did get unofficial official word on two biggie SXSW headliners .
Muse and the Stone Temple have both made arrangements to play the festival with STP playing the Austin Music Hall on Thursday night .
They will be debuting tracks from their upcoming new album as well .
The Muse show is still without a venue , but the smart money would be on Stubb's on Saturday night or even the AMH .
It 's not Soundgarden or Arcade Fire or the rumored Pavement sets we were chomping for , but we like us some Weiland ( at least with STP ) so we are more than happy to hear the news .
Then there are the Motley Crue and Deftones rumors , which exasperates us even more .
On the Tuesday of SXSW week is the Third Annual End Sounds Pre-SXSW Show / Party over at Red 7 , which will feature an all - star Descendents tribute band , with MxPx 's Mike Herrera and a handful of Riverboat Gamblers doing their best versions of " Hope " and " Myage . "
We hope to make this if for some sad and non-magical reason we miss Motorhead and the Sword at Stubb 's that night .
Rocks
Off got an e-mail about a band from London called the Jim Jones Revue who sound like " " James Brown fronting the MC5 with Little Richard guesting on piano . "
It 's a pretty adequate description , with most of their songs produced into the red and destroying all hearing orifices in the process .
It 's good stuff and we hope that the live show is just as manic .
But we have been burned before by hype ahead of SXSW .
Do n't let us down , JJR .
The band has six shows lined up so we have at least six chances to hopefully be blown away .
Or not .
Pegstar and
Free Press Houston
announced the line - up for their free day show on March 19 at the Chupacabra on Sixth Street .
The event is an all - day affair starting at 1 p.m. ; badges or wristbands are not necessary .
On the sunny side , catch sets from Robert Ellis ( yuss ) , Ume and James Husband .
Husband is in Of Montreal , and we caught his solo stuff at last year 's Fun Fun Fun Fest .
You will not be let down .
At night , Houston 's The Watermarks scored a coup playing in the midst of Acid Mothers Temple , This Will Destroy You , and The Smith Westerns .
Nice work , gentlemen ( and lady ) .
Also this week be sure to be on the lookout for RSVP sites for some of the bigger day parties during SXSW week .
, Stereogum and the Rachael Ray parties never disappoint .
Plus Ray will feed you , but wo n't call the cops on you when you hug her too hard .
We have been seeing a glut of RSVP prompts around all the big music blogs .
Be sure to check up on
,
, and
as well .
All three are very good sites and will not steer you wrong .
Who knows , maybe you will see one of the Rocks Off team slumped in a couch somewhere from exhaustion .
Be sure to say hello , and hands off the wallet .
March 12 , 2010  --
Three Army officers have received letters of reprimand for failing to prepare adequate defenses for a combat outpost in Wanat , Afghanistan , where a mass Taliban attack in July 2008 resulted in the deaths of nine soldiers and 27 wounded , Defense Department officials confirmed to ABC News .
" These are essentially career - enders , " said a military official of the letters of reprimand .
Two Defense Department officials said the actions are not yet final because the review that led to the letters of reprimand is still ongoing and the three officers have a period of time to respond and request reconsideration of the disciplinary action .
Among the three officers receiving the letters of reprimand is Capt .
Matthew Myer , the company commander of the unit attacked at Wanat , who was awarded the Silver Star for his brave actions in repelling the attack .
The Silver Star is the military 's third highest award for bravery under fire .
However , the actions of Myer and two of his superior officers prior to the attack are what prompted the disciplinary action , namely not preparing adequate defenses for the newly built outpost that left it vulnerable to attack .
The senior officers at the time were battalion commander Lt. Col.
William Ostlund , and brigade commander Col. Chip Preysler .
Ostlund has since been promoted to colonel and is the deputy commander of the 75th Ranger Regiment .
Preysler now works for the Joint Staff at the Pentagon .
Days after U.S. troops set up the outpost in remote eastern Afghanistan , hundreds of Taliban fighters conducted a surprise ambush on the facility .
A review of the battle completed in January by U.S. Central Command recommended disciplinary action against the company , battalion and brigade commanders responsible for the unit at Wanat .
Army Gen. Charles Campbell was tasked with determining whether disciplinary action needed to be taken against the three officers .
Campbell 's review still is ongoing and is expected to wrap up in mid-April .
Army Reviews Defenses in Several Afghan Battles
As the review continues , the three officers will have the opportunity to appeal the letters of reprimand .
If the letters of reprimand remain in their files , they likely will mean an end to career advancement .
The letters of reprimand continue a recent trend of disciplining military commanders for their actions on the battlefield .
These include the attacks on COP Keating and Ganjgal .
The Central Command report was the second review of the battle .
An earlier Army report found no errors in the chain of command .
However , a new review was ordered after family members and members of Congress pressed for a new look at the circumstances leading up to the battle after an Army historian 's research raised questions about potentially faulty planning of adequate defenses at the base .
CBS News was first to report the reprimands .
Scientists warn that all gorillas could be killed in the Congo River Basin by the mid 2020s if action is not taken .
Militias in the Democratic Republic of Congo ( DRC ) have greatly exacerbated the poaching problem by smuggling bush meat through the same channels as timber , diamonds , and gold .
The UN Environmental Program ( UNEP ) warms that the current rate of habitat destruction and poaching on gorillas is well above a sustainable level .
An orphaned gorilla from near the Loanga National Park
Malnourished Orphaned baby gorilla for sale in local market
Current distribution of gorillas in Africa
A gorilla being butchered for sale at a bush meat market
Click here to read the full article
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Video of a Jordanian said to have blown up seven CIA agents in Afghanistan has shown him vowing revenge for Pakistani Taliban chief Baitullah Mehsud 's death .
In a clip broadcast on al - Jazeera TV , suicide bomber Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al - Balawi says Mehsud must be avenged " inside and outside America " .
The footage appears to show him next to Mehsud 's successor , Hakimullah Mehsud , although he is not named in the video .
Eight people - seven CIA agents and one Jordanian officer - died in the attack .
The attack at Forward Operating Base Chapman in Afghanistan 's Khost province was the deadliest against US intelligence officials since the US embassy in Beirut was bombed in 1983 .
We say that we will never forget the blood of our leader , Baitullah Mehsud
Human Balawi
Video indicates Taliban 's reach
How can you trust a double agent ?
Humam Balawi is said to have been a Jordanian doctor turned double agent , having originally been recruited by the Jordanians to spy on al - Qaeda .
His father , Khalil Balawi , said that the man who appeared on the video was definitely his son .
Speaking in Jordan , he blamed " American oppression against the Muslim world " for his son's act .
' Blood of our leader '
In the video clip shown on al - Jazeera , Humam Balawi says he is sending a message to the " enemies of Islam " , who he names as Jordan 's intelligence services and the CIA .
Humam Balawi blew himself up at a CIA base in Khost province , Afghanistan " We say that we will never forget the blood of our leader , Baitullah Mehsud , " he says .
" What remains is to avenge him inside and outside America . "
The Jordanian , speaking in Arabic , says the Pakistani Taliban leader paid with his life for offering to shelter al - Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden .
He appears to dismiss the idea he himself was in the service of the Jordanians or US , saying that a Muslim jihadist " will not sell his religion " .
The IntelCenter , a US - based group monitoring extremist sites , said the video had been released by the Pakistani branch of the Taliban .
The bombing of the American base was an audacious attack which sent shockwaves through Western intelligence services , the BBC's Orla Guerin in Islamabad reports .
So far there has been no comment from the authorities in Pakistan , she says , but the video is bound to increase pressure on them to crush militant groups on their soil who attack Western forces across the border in Afghanistan .
Baitullah Mehsud was killed in a US missile attack in the tribal region of South Waziristan , which borders Afghanistan , in August last year .
Two months later , the Pakistani military launched a major offensive in the region .
More than 600 people have died in militant attacks in Pakistan since then , most of them believed to be in reprisal for the army 's campaign against the Taliban .
Correspondents say Hakimullah Mehsud is thought to be in South Waziristan .
Forward Operating Base Chapman , a former Soviet military base in Afghanistan , is used not only by the CIA but also by provincial reconstruction teams , which include both soldiers and civilians .
The airfield is reportedly used for US drone attacks on suspected militants in neighbouring Pakistan .
FOB Chapman operates from Khost Airfield 32 km from Pakistan border
Former Soviet base is reportedly used for launching US drones
Airfield extended to allow C - 130 transporter planes to land
Named after Nathan Chapman , first US soldier killed in Afghanistan in 2002
Enlarge Image
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Editor 's Note : Rebecca MacKinnon , who is quoted in this article , is a former CNN journalist .
( Ars Technica ) --
If you thought corporate " astroturfing " ( fake grassroots activity ) was a problem at sites like Yelp and Amazon that feature user reviews of products , imagine how much worse it would be if the U.S. government employed a couple hundred thousand people to " shape the debate " among online political forums .
Crazy , right ?
What government would ever attempt it ?
According to noted China researcher Rebecca MacKinnon , the answer is China , which allegedly employs 280,000 people to troll the Internet and make the government look good .
MacKinnon 's discussion of Chinese astroturfing measures turns up in testimony that she prepared from a Congressional hearing this month .
When that hearing was eventually rescheduled , MacKinnon was no longer on the witness list , so she released her prepared remarks ( PDF ) anyway .
The government increasingly combines censorship and surveillance measures with proactive efforts to steer online conversations in the direction it prefers .
In 2008 the Hong Kong - based researcher David Bandurski determined that at least 280,000 people had been hired at various levels of government to work as " online commentators . "
Known derisively as the " fifty cent party , " these people are paid to write postings that show their employers in a favorable light in online chat rooms , social networking services , blogs , and comments sections of news Web sites .
Many more people do similar work as volunteers -- recruited from among the ranks of retired officials as well as college students in the Communist Youth League who aspire to become Party members .
This approach is similar to a tactic known as " astroturfing " in American parlance , now commonly used by commercial advertising firms , public relations companies , and election campaigns around the world .
In many provinces of China it is now also standard practice for government officials -- particularly at the city and county level -- to work to co-opt and influence independent online writers by throwing special conferences for local bloggers , or inviting them to special press events or news conferences about issues of local concern .
That last sentence about co-opting bloggers certainly is n't limited to China ; U.S. companies have perfected the practice , and government public relations people dole out interviews and access to journalists in ways often designed to shape opinions or coverage .
But still -- 280,000 people paid to permeate message boards and e-mail lists , all backing the government 's line ?
The mind boggles .
MacKinnon 's testimony , well worth reading in full , notes that Chinese citizens are n't helpless creatures of astroturf , filtering , censorship , and intimidation .
People have developed countermeasures , she says , including :
-- " Informal anti-censorship support networks : I have attended gatherings of bloggers and journalists in China -- with varying degrees of organization or spontaneousness -- where participants devoted significant amounts of time to teaching one another how to use circumvention tools to access blocked Web sites . "
-- " Distributed web - hosting assistance networks : I am aware of people who have strong English language and technical skills , as well as overseas credit cards , who are helping friends and acquaintances in China to purchase inexpensive space on overseas web hosting services , then set up independent blogs using free open - source software . "
-- " Crowdsourced ' opposition research ' : With the Chinese government 's Green Dam censorware edict last year , we have seen the emergence of loosely organized " opposition research " networks .
Last June a group of Chinese computer programmers and bloggers collectively wrote a report exposing Green Dam 's political and religious censorship , along with many of its security flaws . "
-- " Preservation and relay of censored content : I have noticed a number of people around the Chinese blogosphere and in chatrooms who make a regular habit of immediately downloading interesting articles , pictures , and videos which they think have a chance of being blocked or removed .
They then repost these materials in a variety of places , and relay them to friends through social networks and e-mail lists . "
Then comes our favorite : Dirty jokes as a form of protest .
In 2009 , Internet censorship tightened considerably .
Many lively blogging platforms and social networks where heated political discussions were known to take place were shut down under the guise of an anti-porn crackdown .
In response , an anonymous Shanghai - based jokester created an online music video called " Ode to the Grass Mud Horse , " whose technically innocent lyrics , sung by a children 's chorus over video of alpaca sheep , contained a string of highly obscene homonyms .
The video spawned an entire genre of anti-censorship jokes and videos involving mythical animals whose names sound similar to official slogans and obscenities of various kinds .
This viral pranksterism created an outlet for people to vent about censorship , poke fun at the government , and raise awareness among many people who are not comfortable discussing such matters in a direct way .
Now , in true capitalist style , one can buy shirts , hats and stickers that feature the Grass Mud Horse .
COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM
While it 's true that sometimes nothing beats the atmosphere and personal attention of dinner at a fine restaurant , it can also set you back $ 100 or more .
Try re-creating the experience at home for less than half that amount .
Advertisement
Family advice blogger Amy Clark had to give up dining out after a decrease in income and the birth of her two children .
Now she and her husband indulge themselves in a great steak dinner by hauling out the fine china , pouring wine into fancy stemware , and cooking up some prime cuts of beef right in their own kitchen .
Clark did some digging and put together a great menu ( complete with instructions ) of marinated , grilled steak , roasted red potatoes , and pan - friend asparagus that rivals just about any steak joint out there .
If you 're not into grilling outdoors in the middle of a blizzard , she 's got you covered there , too — just use a heavy , cast iron grill pan right on the stove top .
Advertisement
The toughest part of getting your steak cooked to perfection is knowing how long to grill it .
The ideal length of time depends on what cut of meat you start with and how rare you want it , but Clark offers a general timetable to get you started :
Filet : 13 -18 minutes Ribeye , Boneless : 6 - 8 minutes Ribeye , Bone - In : 9 - 12 minutes T - Bone / Porterhouse : 14-16 minutes Top Sirloin : 13 - 16 minutes Strip , Boneless : 10 - 12 minutes
You can also determine the doneness of a steak by how it feels when you press on it .
Check out the post to grab recipes for Clark 's potato and asparagus side dishes .
Add a salad and a good bottle of wine , and you 're all set .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
To cut even more corners while still enjoying a tasty dinner , be sure to check our previous tip for making a $ 5 steak taste more like a $ 50 steak .
Advertisement
How do you re-create your favorite aspect of dining out when you 're actually staying in ?
Fresh flowers on the table ?
Special music ?
Appetizers ?
Shoot us your ideas in the comments .
Advertisement
The Best Steakhouse Dining Experience on a Poor House Budget [ Mom Advice ]
The construction trade accounts for a large portion of the world ’s CO2 emissions .
Even after they ’re constructed , buildings continue to emit environment - impacting CO2 .
The call for greener buildings has been getting louder , and in the face of these demands , UK company LHoist has developed a wall material that ’s not only carbon neutral – it ’s carbon negative .
Long - time greenies wo n’t be surprised to learn that the miracle material is actually hemp .
Tradical Hemcrete is n’t a high - tech solution to climate change .
It ’s simple , and it ’s effective : it ’s a light concrete made of hemp , water , and a lime binder .
When the hemp grows , it sequesters carbon inside each plant , which is then effectively trapped there for good .
At the same time , the plants release clean oxygen into the air .
Even when you take the carbon footprint of the lime binder into consideration , Hemcrete overall removes more carbon from the environment than it contributes .
Unlike some other eco-friendly building materials , Hemcrete is n’t at all inferior to standard materials .
It ’s strong and durable , and it ’s just as easy to use as standard materials .
What ’s even better is its versatility : it can be used for wall insulation , flooring and roofing , and it ’s fire - proof , water - proof , and rot - proof as long as it ’s above ground .
Hemcrete is so environmentally friendly that the manufacturers claim it can be broken down and spread on fields as a fertilizer after it ’s lived out its useful life .
It ’s ultimately very renewable , since hemp plants are mature after 14 weeks of growth .
Hemp has been used for a wide variety of applications for thousands of years .
Its modern resurgence among eco-minded consumers has been somewhat hindered by laws governing its growth .
Certain types of hemp ca n’t be grown in certain parts of the world , and it just so happens that the type of hemp used to make Hemcrete is illegal in the US .
That ’s made it difficult ( and expensive ) for people in the US who want to build with it , but it is now available in the US – if you ’re willing to pay a handsome price for it .
HTC was the first manufacturer to use Android in its phones Apple 's legal action against HTC may have " wider implications " for all phone makers using Google 's Android operating system , an analyst has warned .
Ian Fogg of Forrester Research said that the case against HTC , in which Apple alleges infringement of 20 of its patents , could be the first of many .
Although Apple has not named Google in the suits , many of the named patents relate to operating system processes .
Google has taken the unusual step of publicly supporting HTC in the case .
" We are not a party to this lawsuit , " said a Google spokesperson .
" However , we stand behind our Android operating system and the partners who have helped us to develop it . "
Wider implications HTC was the first manufacturer to use Android in its phones and is also the maker of Google 's own brand Nexus One handset .
Some have speculated that Apple - which makes the popular iPhone - are attacking Google " by proxy " by filing the case against HTC .
" I think this is kind of an indirect lawsuit against Google , " analyst Shaw Wu of Kaufman Brothers told Reuters .
Some of the patents that Apple alleges have been infringed are 15 years old and cover aspects of operating systems .
As a result , some believe that the patents cannot just relate to HTC and believe the case may just be an opening salvo against other firms and possibly Google .
" Simply because Apple has focused on HTC now does n't mean it wo n't take action against other manufacturers later , " Mr Fogg told BBC News .
Apple is in the middle of several patent disputes " [ This case ] could have implications for all other phone manufacturers which have just announced their phones at Mobile World Congress . "
Mobile World Congress is a showcase for the phone industry , held every February in Barcelona , Spain .
Manufacturers including Sony Ericsson , LG , Samsung and HTC announced new handsets running Android at the show .
" 2010 is going to be the year of Android , " said Mr Fogg .
Apple announced the legal action against HTC on 2 March .
Legal web
In a statement Apple boss Steve Jobs said : " We can sit by and watch competitors steal our patented inventions , or we can do something about it .
" We 've decided to do something about it . "
The Californian firm alleges that HTC have infringed 20 patents owned by Apple that are used in the iPhone .
Apple is seeking an injunction which would effectively bar HTC from selling phones that use the disputed technology in the US .
The legal action has been filed with the US International Trade Commission ( ITC ) and a district court in Delaware .
HTC has said it is unable to comment on the case until it has had a chance to assess the validity of the claims .
It is the latest in a series of legal wrangles involving Apple .
Finnish phone giant Nokia sued Apple for patent infringement in October 2009 , alleging it had stolen patented technology .
In response , Apple countersued in December 2009 , followed by a second round of legal action from Nokia .
Apple is also being investigated by the ITC following a complaint by camera manufacturer Kodak .
The firm alleges that the iPhone uses technology for previewing pictures that infringe Kodak patents .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I recently talked to Joe Stump , CTO of SimpleGeo , about a number of topics related to location and databases .
In the course of the interview , we also got around to discussing Digg .
Previous to launching SimpleGeo , Stump was the lead architect at Digg , and he has a lot of insight into where the site is heading .
We ’ll be running the rest of the interview soon , but what Stump told me about Digg got me thinking .
We ’ve all heard about citizen journalism .
Digg , in principle , is citizen editing .
One of the primary jobs of an editor is to decide what ’s important , and what ’s dross .
Digg uses crowdsourcing to determine what rises above the noise to move onto the topic and main front pages .
Being “ dugg ” can make or break a geek - related news story .
But the general consensus these days is that Digg has been gamed into uselessness .
Gangs of Digg assassins work to vote stories down that deal with topics they dislike .
Mac folks slam Windows stories .
Windows guys sink Linux stories .
Cabals of content creators try to work together to vote each other ’s work up onto the front page .
It ’s like a guerrilla war fighting to control the front page of your local newspaper .
According to Stump , Digg is aware of this and plans to address it in an upcoming rework of the site .
“ Digg has always aggressively pursued ways of evening the field and avoiding those turf warfares , ” Stump said .
“ I think the next iteration is going to do a lot to answer that problem , because really you need to build consensus . ”
What Stump believes is going to happen is that Digg is going to move to more of a recommendation model than a universal up / down voting system :
I think the way that Digg is going to answer it , and the way that the internal thoughts were when I was there , is that rather than allowing a small group to yank a story from the bigger group , that we give people better tools so they do n’t even see those stories to begin with .
If all you ’re going to do is bury Palin stories or Obama stories , maybe the answer is n’t to figure out that you ’re a Palin or an Obama hater and to not count your buries , but maybe the better answer is to give you a tool where you can say , ‘ Screw that Obama guy .
I do n’t want to see anything about him . ’
Or , ‘ Screw Palin .
I do n’t want to see anything about her . ’
I think that at some point in the future , you ’ll probably see where those negative votes carry a much more personal connotation as opposed to a group connotation .
Delivering more personalized news will probably be great for Digg users .
But without a single front page to vie for , it will also blunt the power Digg has to make or break stories .
“ That ’s fed a lot of the problems that Digg ’s had up to this point , ” said Stump .
“ If there ’s not one unified front page , and everybody ’s front page is different based on their behavior and their interests and their niche categories , it removes a lot of the incentive to get something on the front page .
Because you really do n’t know whose front page you ’re on once you get promoted . ”
In the wake of Nate Marquardt ’s defeat at the hands of Chael Sonnen on Saturday night , Jon Fitch stated his belief that one of the most commonly seen Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and submission grappling techniques has now become redundant for all but the elite competitors in the sport .
“ I think closed guard is dead in MMA right now , ” Fitch told Fox Fight Game ’s Mike Straka .
“ Unless you ’re Demian Maia or Shinya Aoki forget about it – you ’re either getting up , or getting on top . ”
It certainly was a strategy that failed to pay dividends for Marquardt at UFC 109 , with the Brazilian Jiu Jitsu black belt struggling throughout the fight to find an opening to exploit against the dominant wrestling of his opponent .
“ Forget about pulling off submissions from your back nowadays , strong wrestlers like Chael Sonnen – they ’ll just pound you out all day long , ” Fitch said .
Fitch , currently 11 - 1 in the UFC , is himself a black belt in Guerilla Jiu Jitsu , a hybrid of BJJ and Judo specifically geared towards the sport of MMA .
See Jon Fitch ’s interview at UFC 109 below :
—
—
Further Reading :
Welcome to 1 - language.com 's ESL Listening Center .
Our aim is simple , to build the most comprehensive set of listening materials on the Internet , and let you use them for free .
Take a look at what we 've done so far , and please bear in mind this is just a start , we will be making a lot more realistic , conversational scripts and probably redoing current ones as well .
Thanks for stopping by , we really appreciate it , and good luck with your English !
General Listening
With the NCAA Basketball Tournament in full swing , we thought it would be a good time to put together our Ultimate Fictional Basketball Team .
This team will smoke any team you can field .
Granted , ours is composed of all fictional characters — but your jumper is flat and that first step is oh - so - slow cuz your gut is oh - so - flabby .
No hard feelings — just a little trash talk to get us going .
The Ultimate Tourney team comprised of characters from movies …
PG : Teen Wolf
Insane court vision .
Insane court smell .
Quadruple - double trouble .
Droppin ’ dimes or dunking on your head , Teen Wolf is the man at the point .
SG : Billy Hoyle
White Men Ca n’t Jump ?
So what .
Billy
Ho can rain jumpers from anywhere on the court , all day long .
He ca n’t hear Jimi , but you ca n’t guard Billy .
( NSFW , but very funny clip )
SF : Clarence “ Coffee Black ” Withers
He revolutionized the Alley - Oop .
What have you done ?
At least you ’ll be remembered — posterized by a man with a fabulous afro dunking on you .
PF : Cable Guy
Can he play ?
Feed him under the boards … you ’ll find out .
Vicious picks , tenacious D and a terror on the glass — when he does n’t shatter it with power jams .
C : The Chief
As big as a mountain and as unmovable as one too .
You wo n’t want to be on the receiving end of a hard foul from ‘ The Chief ’ .
Ultimate teammate .
If you think you can field a better team for the NCAA Tourney , let us know via social media .
All donations to a directed family fund like the
Sasha Bella Fund For Family - Centred Care
goes to projects at SickKids Hospital with no Foundation overhead .
" Family - centred paediatric care is an ideal , an attainable goal , an approach to organizing care , and a set of specific practices .
At its root it recognizes the child - patient as first of all , and at all times , a member of a particular family .
It therefore regards the family ’s involvement in planning , providing , and evaluating the child ’s care as not only desirable but necessary .
Real family centred care values and accommodates the family ’s love and its expertise .
In the end , it allows the child , wherever he or she may be , to be always at home . ”
" After much research and exploration and talking with people at the Sick Kids Foundation we have found the Fund that I think addresses the same goals and priorities that Diane and I have for helping to affect change at SickKids .
It 's called the Sasha Bella Fund and it's named after a beautiful little girl named Sasha Bella Stein - Blumberg .
Her parents set up the Fund after she passed away in June 2006 .
They do great work , particularly in encouraging family - centred care in the intensive units of Sick Kids ... encouraging family centred practice on the general units , advancing palliative care and support for parents and promoting interprofessional education .
It 's a fund and a cause we are proud to support and we encourage everyone to take a closer look . "
Laurel Shillingford525 University Avenue , 14th FloorToronto , Ontario , M5G 2L3Tel. 416 813 7588 or 1 800 661 1083 Charitable # 10808 4419 RR0001
The
Fund supports family - centered interprofessional care , family advisory , patient safety and palliative care with low cost initiatives like awards , small grants to programs and research , website initiatives , murals , sharing our story and volunteering at the hospital .
See a list of fund projects and please consider donating securely online at Sasha 's SickKids Foundation page ( a tax receipt is emailed immediately ) or by calling Laurel at SickKids Foundation .
What is family - centered care ?
Frank Gavin offered a great definition in the 2005 Family Advisory Council report : Thanks to all the almost 1000 families who have helped SickKids through The Sasha Bella Fund since 2006 and who in October 2009 helped raise $ 20,000 for Sickkids Hospital and Bloorview Kids Rehab .
Special thanks to the performers who donated their special skills , Sho Mo +
The Monkey Bunch , Charlie and Little Fingers , Deb Maes , Bloorview therapeutic clowns and Master Choung Taekwondo club , and The Stockyards , Ravisoups and Mildred Pierce for an incredible lunch .
Checkout pictures of the 2009 Fun Day by Peter Fenyevesi and Bryan McBurney .
Janis Purdy and Diane Flacks
The International Craft Brewing Renaissance Taken To New Heights
( New York , NY ) – February 20 , 2010 – Four well - known brewers are joining forces with Mario Batali , Joe Bastianich , and Italian food emporium Eataly to open a brewery - pub on a New York City rooftop with breathtaking views of the Flatiron and Empire State Buildings .
The four breweries collaborating on this project include two Italian craft brewers – Teo Musso , Brewmaster of Birrificio Le Baladan and Leonardo Di Vincenzo of Birra del Borgo , and two Italian - American craft brewers – Sam Calagione of Dogfish Head Craft Brewery and Vinnie Cilurzo of the Russian River Brewing .
The first floor of the building at 200 5th Avenue will house Eataly , an epic Italian specialty foods market and multiple restaurants which pair gourmet foods with artisanal beers and wines .
Additionally , there will be an 8,000 square foot rooftop brewery and restaurant operated by B&B Hospitality ’s Mario Batali and Joe Bastianich .
The rooftop bar and restaurant will house a copper - clad brewing system .
“ The idea is to create an artisanal , old world Italian craft brewery that just happens to be located on a rooftop in Manhattan , ” says Dogfish Head ’s Sam Calagione .
The four brewers are working together on recipes for Eataly ’s house beers .
Those beers will feature Italian and American ingredients .
The beers will be unpasteurized , unfiltered , naturally carbonated , and hand - pulled through traditional beer engines for the most authentic and pure presentation .
The four individual brewers will also occasionally brew beers under their own names on site .
The rooftop restaurant project will pair artisanal rustic , homemade beers with the artisanal , rustic cooking of Chef Mario Batali .
Additional Italian and American regional craft beers will be served both at the rooftop bar and within the downstairs restaurants .
Craft beer sales continue to gain traction in America and around the world .
With all the diversity , complexity and food - compatibility of world - class wine at a fraction of the price , the craft beer segment enjoys continued growth in a challenging economy .
The four consulting brewers met in Boston this week to brew the first test batch of Eataly beer , an English Mild fermented with Italian chestnut powder ( photos above ) .
Plans call for Eataly New York to open late summer 2010 .
More from the brewers …
“ Eataly is the representation of the earth , its products and an example of real Italian taste .
The brewery will surely be a fusion of Italian and Italian / American styles and I am very happy to make this journey with this fantastic group ! ” – Teo Musso , Brewmaster , Birrificio Le Baladin
“ In 2006 I went to the Slow Food Salone del Gusto in Italy .
Upon meeting many Italian craft brewers , I was not only impressed by the quality of their beer , but , their passion for brewing as well .
It was at that time I learned how great Italian craft beer was !
To now collaborate with two of the most dynamic Italian craft brewers along with my friend Sam Calagione at Eataly New York will not only be a lot of fun , but , very educational as well . ” – Vinnie Cilurzo , Brewer / Owner , Russian River Brewing Company
“ Eataly Brewery will be a great fusion of the well - known Italian gastronomic culture and our rising beer culture with the taste and the creativity of the American craft beer movement .
This may well be the craziest and amazing brewery in the world ” – Leonardo Di Vincenzo , Brewmaster , Birra del Borgo
“ While the Italian craft brewing renaissance started later than ours here in the states , they have quickly made up for lost time with world class artisanal beers .
Both Dogfish Head and Russian River have pushed the boundaries of beer , particularly those that pair well with food , for many years .
We are looking forward to working with our Italian Brewing Brethren , Mario Batali , Joe Bastianich , and the folks at Eataly to further strengthen the bond between world class beer and world class food in the most beautiful setting for a brewery I have ever seen . ”
– Sam Calagione , President / Founder , Dogfish Head Craft Brewery .
Liberals and libertarians finally break up .
One mini-saga of the past decade in American politics has been the flirtation — with talk of a deeper partnership — between progressives and libertarians .
These two groups were driven together , in the main , by common hostility to huge chunks of the Bush administration 's agenda : endless , pointless wars ; assaults on civil liberties ; cynical vote - buying with federal dollars ; and statist panders to the Christian right .
This cooperation reached its height during the 2006 election , in which , according to a new study by David Kirby and David Boaz , nearly half of libertarian voters supported Democratic congressional candidates — more than doubling the support levels from the previous midterm election in 2002 .
( As Jonathan Chait noted after the first Kirby / Boaz study of libertarian voting , their definition is overly broad , encompassing 14 percent of the electorate . )
At the time , left - wing blogger Markos Moulitsas hailed the influx of " libertarian democrats " into the Democratic coalition .
Soon , even the Cato Institute 's Brink Lindsey was proposing a permanent alliance of what he called " liberaltarians . "
Well , you can say goodbye to all that .
The new Kirby / Boaz study reports that libertarian support for Democrats collapsed in 2008 , despite many early favorable assessments of Barack Obama by libertarian commentators .
Meanwhile , the economic crisis has raised the salience of issues on which libertarians and Dems most disagree .
And there 's no question that during Obama 's first year — with the rise of the Tea Party movement and national debate over bailouts , deficits , and health care — libertarian hostility to the new administration has grown adamant and virtually universal .
But what progressives need to understand is that the end of this affair is actually a good thing .
The progressive - libertarian alliance may have provided tactical benefits in 2006 , augmenting the Democratic “ wave ” election of that year .
But 2008 showed that libertarian support is hardly crucial : Obama still won " libertarian " states such as Colorado and New Hampshire handily , even without their backing , and he generally performed better in the “ libertarian West ” than any Democratic nominee since LBJ .
In terms of a deeper bond based on philosophical congruence , it ’s true that modern liberals and libertarians share common ideological roots in eighteenth and nineteenth century Anglo - American liberalism .
Both believe in a world of rational actors , and both consider the promotion of individual autonomy to be a positive good .
With the emergence of the " neo-liberal " and " New Democrat " movements of the 1980s and 1990s — which lauded capitalism , technological progress , and free trade — the potential for overlap only increased .
The Israeli prime minister , Binyamin Netanyahu , will hold talks in Washington on Tuesday with President Barack Obama as tension escalates in the Middle East after a weekend of violence and with little sign of an imminent return to direct peace talks with the Palestinians .
Netanyahu sounded a defiant tone today , refusing to back down on settlement construction in East Jerusalem , but he faced a new round of criticism after four Palestinian teenagers were shot dead on the occupied West Bank in the space of 24 hours , in what Palestinian officials condemned as an Israeli military escalation .
Ban Ki-moon , the UN secretary general , travelled to Gaza , where he denounced the Israeli economic blockade and the " unacceptable suffering " it causes .
Netanyahu was to fly to Washington tonight to speak at the annual meeting of the powerful pro-Israel lobby Aipac before his meeting with the president .
His trip comes at a time of rare crisis in relations between Israel and the US , triggered by Israeli approval earlier this month for the construction of hundreds of settler homes in Jerusalem .
The international community does not recognise Israel 's occupation and annexation of East Jerusalem , and settlements on occupied land are regarded as illegal under international law .
The approval for the construction meant indirect talks with the Palestinians collapsed before they had even begun .
At first Washington was strongly critical of Israel , but the administration soon tempered its language and has instead reportedly pressed for concessions from the Israelis in private .
However , Netanyahu refuses to concede on the main issue : he told his cabinet today he would not give up building in East Jerusalem .
" From our point of view , construction in Jerusalem is like construction in Tel Aviv , " he said .
" These are the things which we have made very clear to the American administration . "
He did concede that all key issues could be discussed in any indirect " proximity " talks involving Israel and the Palestinians , but there have been no talks between the two sides since Israel 's war in Gaza , more than a year ago .
George Mitchell , the US special envoy , was in Jerusalem again today hoping to start at least indirect talks .
Speaking before meeting Ehud Barak , the Israeli defence minister , Mitchell said US relations with Israel were " unshakeable " .
The diplomacy was overshadowed by growing concerns about violence on the ground .
Two Palestinian teenagers , Muhammad and Salah Qawariq , were shot dead today by Israeli troops near Nablus .
The military said the two had tried to stab a soldier ; Palestinian officials said the pair had been farming and were detained by the troops for some minutes before they were shot .
The incident happened as Palestinians in another village near Nablus buried two boys , Mohammad Qadus , 15 , and Osaid Qadus , 17 , who were shot dead by Israeli troops on Saturday .
It marked the most serious violence in the occupied West Bank for more than a year .
A
Thai worker was also killed in southern Israel last week by a rocket fired by Gazan militants .
Salam Fayyad , the Palestinian prime minister , said there had been a " military escalation " by Israeli which " has serious risks and puts in jeopardy the Palestinian authority 's achievements of security and stability " .
Mustafa Barghouti , an independent Palestinian politician , said the latest killings were a " provocation " , and that Palestinians should not return to negotiations without a halt to all settlement building .
" Without a total and complete freeze of settlements immediately , both in the West Bank and East Jerusalem , any negotiations will be a cover for Israeli measures , " he said .
The UN secretary general , Ban , crossed into Gaza and again called for an end to the three - year economic blockade of the strip and its 1.5 million Palestinian residents .
Israel has finally allowed in window frames and construction materials to allow the UN to complete 151 apartments , but there are still tens of thousands of homes awaiting repair after last year 's war .
The supplies were " a drop in a bucket of water " , Ban said .
The blockade " undercuts moderates and encourages extremists " , he said .
Demonstration deaths
X -ray reveals teenager shot with live ammunition
It was mid-afternoon on Saturday when Mohammad Qadus , 15 , and Osaid Qadus , 17 , returned by bus to their village , Iraq Burin , near Nablus .
They arrived during a demonstration that took their lives .
Israelis from the nearby Brakha settlement , built in part on the village 's land , had come down on to Iraq Burin 's farmland , as they do most Saturdays , according to Palestinian witnesses .
The villagers began protesting and Israeli troops were deployed , entering the village .
Palestinian boys threw stones at the soldiers ; the soldiers fired teargas and rubber - coated bullets .
The two Qadus boys , friends but not close relatives , were at the end of the village furthest from the settlement and did not join in the stone throwing , witnesses said .
But an Israeli army vehicle approached , and a soldier fired two rounds in quick succession at the boys .
Mohammad was hit in the chest and died within minutes .
Osaid was hit in the head , slipped into a coma and died hours later in hospital .
Amir Aref , 16 , a friend of both boys , tried to drag them to safety .
He described how he saw Osaid sitting on the ground in front of a store .
" I was telling him : ' Stand up , stand up . '
But he refused to answer , " Aref said .
" I looked at him .
Blood was coming down from a small hole in his forehead , his brains were coming out . "
He then turned to Mohammad and saw him lying on the road nearby .
He had been hit in the chest : photos of his corpse later showed a small entry wound near his heart and a larger exit wound in his back .
" I carried him and took him into the village in my arms , " Aref said .
" I looked at him and he said ' Amir ' , then blood came out of his mouth .
He gasped and then he died . "
Witnesses and doctors at the Nablus Speciality hospital , where the boys were taken , said both had been hit by what appeared to be live rounds .
The Israeli military said in a statement there had been a " violent and illegal riot " in the village and that soldiers " responded with riot dispersal means " .
It said troops fired teargas and rubber bullets but denied firing live rounds .
" Live fire was not used , " it said .
However , a hospital x-ray of Osaid Qadus , seen by the Guardian , showed a bullet lodged in his brain .
Ahmed Hamad , a doctor at the Nablus hospital , said the x-ray showed a " classic , pure metallic bullet " .
He said both boys had injuries with small entry wounds indicating live rounds .
As the families buried their children today , the Brakha settlers were out on the hilltop with bulldozers clearing more farmland .
The settlement , home to about 1,300 religious settlers , was built in 1983 and is deep inside the occupied West Bank .
Abdul Nasser Qadus , 51 , father of Osaid , said it was " beyond doubt " that both children had been shot with live bullets .
Standing next to him , Amar Qadus , 37 , brother of Mohammad , said : " Do you believe a 15 - year - old boy is threatening Israel 's security ? "
Test Driven Development ( TDD ) has been around for about a decade , and has been mainstream for at least five years now .
During this time , TDD practitioners have been gradually changing and refining the methodology , the mindset , and the terminology in an effort to increase its usefulness and avoid some of the problems that newcomers often experience .
The mindset and terminology has shifted so much that some folks have started using a new name for the updated methodology : BDD .
Here ’s a brief overview * :
** Test Driven Development ** seeks to improve software quality by getting you to follow an iterative workflow often called red-green - refactor .
In theory , it keeps quality high because if any change breaks earlier functionality , you should be notified by way of a failing test .
Also , it should help you to make more pragmatic decisions about what code to write , because you only write the simplest code needed to make all your tests pass .
< div style = " margin:1em 0 1em 0 " >
Despite its unfortunate name , it became clear over time that TDD ’s greatest potential benefit is not as a technique for testing code or detecting bugs , but in fact as a code design aid , because it provides a precise mechanism for specifying how your code should behave before you get mentally caught up in the actual implementation .
However , in reality , I ’ve seen many developers still struggle to break free from a test - oriented mindset and continue to amass reams of unit tests that simply exercise every possible code path without usefully describing what this proves or why it represents correct behaviour .
This does n’t aid design , very rarely detects bugs , and yet consumes a huge amount of maintenance time .
</div >
Behaviour Driven Development retains the basic red - green workflow , but dramatically puts the emphasis on specifying behaviours that are understandable to people ( often , business domain experts ) .
It addresses questions such as “ How much should I specify ? ” and “ How should I organise and name my specifications so they are most useful ? ” < div style = " margin:1em 0 1em 0 " >
To do this , BDD says you should elevate your mind to a level of behavioural abstraction above the code implementation .
So do n’t say “ Constructor_Test ” or even “ Constructor_NullParam _ ThrowsArgumentNullException ” but instead say “ A shipment cannot be created without a recipient address ” .
The change of emphasis and terminology leads people to write more useful specifications .
</div >
I wo n’t focus on the term BDD itself , because the term is not hugely useful : nobody has ever given it a precise definition as far as I ’m aware , and there is n’t a lot of consensus about what it should mean ( some say it should only be about the UI ; others say not ) .
Instead , in this blog post , I ’m going to focus on the major tools that have come out of the BDD stable and the advantages they can give you .
Unit level or UI level ?
You can write BDD - style specifications about individual code units , in which case you ’ll probably use a context / specification style framework like RSpec ( for Ruby ) or in .NET something like MSpec or SpecUnit ( personally , I do n’t like either ) .
Unit - level specifications work brilliantly for most code that ultimately exposes an API for other code .
But personally , I spend most of my time writing UI code , usually with ASP .
NET MVC , and UI code is fundamentally different .
It is n’t about producing an API – it ’s about producing user experience ( UX ) behaviours .
These behaviours typically are n’t atomic ( contained within a single click or HTTP request ) ; their essence exists only across a sequence of interactions .
As such , unit - level specifications can fall short and fail to capture the UI behaviours you have in mind .
I wrote before about why , in real projects , I ’ve found unit tests to be of limited value for ASP .
NET MVC controllers .
Alternatively , you can write BDD - style specifications about UI interactions .
Assuming you ’re building a web application , you ’ll probably use a browser automation library like WatiR / WatiN or Selenium , and script it either using one of the frameworks I just mentioned , or a given / when / then tool such as Cucumber ( for Ruby ) or SpecFlow ( for .NET ) .
In this blog post , I ’ll describe these tools and provide an example based on ASP .
NET MVC .
* I do n’t claim to be an authority on BDD , so if you think I ’ve got this all wrong , I invite you to come along and tell me what I ’ve misunderstood .
Try to be specific , please .
My existing understanding is based on having done a lot of TDD , seeing its limitations especially in large teams , and recognising that some of these BDD ideas look like they could help with that .
So , what ’s Cucumber ?
Cucumber is a Ruby tool that offers a natural - language way to specify behaviours in terms of “ Given , When , Then ” ( GWT ) sentence fragments .
This language is called Gherkin .
You create a plain - text file ( called a “ . feature ” file ) containing a set of scenario definitions written in Gherkin , for example
Scenario :
Show logged in user name Given I am logged in as a user called " Steve " When I visit the homepage
Then the page header displays the caption " Hello , Steve ! "
… and also provide Ruby scripts that define what the runner should do when it hits matching steps , for example
Given /
I am logged in as a user called " (.* ) " / do | name | create_user ( name ) sign_in_as ( name ) end ...
Then / the page header displays the caption " (.* ) " / do | caption | page_header .
should_contain ( caption )
end
The syntax is extremely flexible : Cucumber only cares about the Gherkin keywords “ Given ” , “ When ” , “ Then ” , “ And ” ( plus a few others ) ; everything else is simply matched against your regular expressions .
Any tokens captured by capture groups in your regexes are passed to your step definition blocks as parameters .
For web applications , it ’s normal for your step definitions to work by using a browser automation library such as WatiN / WatiR or Selenium .
When you invoke Cucumber , it finds , parses and runs your .
feature files , reporting the results ( success in green , pending in yellow , failure in red ) :
Because the GWT model inherently describes sequences of interactions , and because natural - language . feature files are inherently decoupled from the implementation code ( they do n’t mention the name of any classes or methods ) , this whole approach is a perfect fit for UI automation rather than unit - level testing .
Because you can describe scenarios in the language of your domain and user interface , your resulting feature files should make perfect sense to business experts .
So , unlike traditional unit test driven development , this methodology can finally deliver on the promise of executable specifications that are actually useful as documentation .
Doing it in .NET with SpecFlow
As I mentioned , Cucumber itself is a Ruby tool .
At the end of this blog post I ’ll discuss some options for running the original Cucumber tool in a .NET environment , but for now let ’s forget about that – you can sidestep all that complexity with SpecFlow .
SpecFlow is an open - source .NET tool that lets you write specifications using 100 % - Cucumber - compatible Gherkin syntax , and has a number of advantages over Cucumber itself :
It integrates with Visual Studio , which means you get File -> New templates for creating new feature files
More crucially , it gives complete VS debugger support , so you can set breakpoints on Given / When / Then lines in your . feature files and step through their execution
You can implement your step definitions in * any .NET language *
When you compile a project containing SpecFlow feature files , the output is an NUnit test assembly , so you can use your favourite NUnit - compatible test runner or existing CI infrastructure to run the specifications with no additional configuration .
It does n’t have such a ridiculous name
It ’s sad , but at one of my recent clients , several managers refused to take Cucumber seriously and would n’t pay attention to Cucumber specifications purely because of the name .
That ’s the real world for you !
Example : Combining ASP.NET MVC , SpecFlow , and WatiN
To give you something concrete to get started with , I ’ve made a very simple ASP .
NET MVC 2 example application , built following the BDD workflow and with a full set of specs .
To try it out ,
You should easily be able to understand in high - level terms what the application does by reading the Gherkin specifications .
Just imagine these specifications are the written result of a design meeting where you ’ve got your client or boss to tell you how the user interactions should work .
Feature : Browsing
In order to see who 's been on the site
As a user I want to be able to view the list of posts Scenario : Navigation to homepage
When I navigate to / Guestbook Then I should be on the guestbook page Scenario : Viewing existing entries Given I am on the guestbook page
Then I should see a list of guestbook entries
And guestbook entries have an author
And guestbook entries have a posted date
And guestbook entries have a comment
Feature : Posting
In order to express my views
As a user I want to be able to post entries into the guestbook Scenario : Navigation to posting page Given I am on the guestbook page
Then I should see a button labelled " Post a New Entry " When I click the button labelled " Post a New Entry " Then I am on the posting page Scenario : Viewing the posting page Given I am on the posting page
Then I should see a field labelled " Your name " And I should see a field labelled " Your comment " Scenario : Posting a valid entry Given I am on the posting page
And I have filled out the form as follows | Label | Value | |
Your name | Jakob | |
Your comment | Das ist gut ! |
When I click the button labelled " Post " Then I should be on the guestbook page
And I see the flash message " Thanks for posting ! "
And the guestbook entries includes the following | Name | Comment | Posted date | | Jakob | Das ist gut ! | ( within last minute ) |
Whenever you hit save while editing one of these files , SpecFlow generates a C# NUnit test fixture containing a [ Test ] method for each scenario .
You do n’t have to know or care about that , though .
All you have to do is create step definitions in C# to match the lines in the Gherkin files .
At first , you wo n’t have any matching step definitions , so the NUnit test runner will show the tests as “ inconclusive ” :
Notice that in the “ Text Output ” tab it provides C# stub code to create a matching step definition .
Here ’s some examples of the finished step definitions , written using WatiN to automate a browser :
[ When ( @ " I navigate to (. * ) " ) ] public void WhenINavigateTo ( string relativeUrl ) { var rootUrl = new Uri ( Configuration Manager .
AppSettings [ " RootUrl " ] ) ; var absoluteUrl = new Uri ( rootUrl , relativeUrl ) ; WebBrowser .
Current .
GoTo ( absoluteUrl ) ; } [
Then ( @ " I see the flash message " " (. * ) " " " ) ] public void ThenISeeTheFlashMessage ( string message ) { var flashElement = WebBrowser .
Current .
Element ( " flashMessage " ) ; Assert .
That ( flashElement .
Text ,
Is .
EqualTo ( message ) ) ; } [ Given ( @ " I have filled out the form as follows " ) ] public void GivenIHaveFilledOutTheFormAsFollows ( TechTalk .
SpecFlow .
Table table ) { foreach ( var row in table .
Rows ) { var labelText = row [ " Label " ] + " : " ; var value = row [ " Value " ] ; WebBrowser .
Current .
TextFields .
First ( Find .
ByLabelText ( labelText ) ) .
TypeText ( value ) ; } }
There ’s lots more I could say about WatiN syntax and Gherkin best practices , but this is a pretty long post already so I ’ll leave that to others .
In case anyone ’s wondering , I ’m not trying to claim with this post that Cucumber - style UI automation tests are the one true way to do BDD , or that unit testing is dead .
UI automation tends to be much more difficult to do than unit - level tests , because there are many more moving parts and you have to concern yourself with test data , setup and teardown , etc .
Seriously , it is hard work , and requires a lot more persistence and dedication than mere unit testing , though it can also give many extra benefits especially with regard to detecting regressions .
What about Running Cucumber Itself on .NET ?
If , for some reason , you do n’t want to use SpecFlow and would rather run the original Ruby - based Cucumber tool , there are two main options for .NET programmers :
Use IronRuby .
The current version of IronRuby is entirely capable of running Cucumber .
It is n’t as easy to set up as SpecFlow , but only took me 30 minutes or so .
The drawbacks are that ( 1 ) you have to write step definitions in Ruby , unless someone can come up with a clever way to call arbitrary .NET methods directly , ( 2 ) it runs Cucumber pretty slowly , at least in my testing , and ( 3 ) it does n’t trivially integrate with existing CI infrastructure like an NUnit - based solution does .
.
The current version of IronRuby is entirely capable of running Cucumber .
It is n’t as easy to set up as SpecFlow , but only took me 30 minutes or so .
The drawbacks are that ( 1 ) you have to write step definitions in Ruby , unless someone can come up with a clever way to call arbitrary .NET methods directly , ( 2 ) it runs Cucumber pretty slowly , at least in my testing , and ( 3 ) it does n’t trivially integrate with existing CI infrastructure like an NUnit - based solution does .
Use Cuke4 Nuke .
This is an open - source project that aims to bridge the gap between the original Cucumber tool running on any Ruby interpreter ( not necessarily IronRuby ) and step definitions written in .NET .
It works by hosting your .NET step definitions in a small .
NET - based “ server ” application , which Cucumber communicates with over a TCP / IP connection .
I must admit I had a bad experience trying to make this work – it took hours .
The latest Ruby interpreter did n’t include all the necessary libraries for Cuke4 Nuke , and then when I ’d hacked all the dependencies together , it was n’t clear to me where to put the magic “ cucumber . wire ” file or what parameters you can use with the .NET server app .
And then it was also pretty slow compared to keeping everything in .NET with SpecFlow .
And it had a very limited API for running setup / teardown code around scenarios .
If you want to write step definitions in a .NET language , I do n’t know why you would n’t just use SpecFlow .
Since it ’s 100 % Gherkin - compatible , your feature files could in future be moved to a different implementation if desired .
If you ’ve tried others , I ’d be interested to hear about your experiences .
And no , I have n’t tried Spectre yet .
Injecting Mocks into a Running ASP.
NET Application
In the next post , I ’ll show you one possible way to simplify or speed up UI - level specifications a little .
It ’s a cross- process code injection library that , among other things , you can use to inject a mock database into a running ASP .
NET application without it knowing about it .
Or , you can override configuration , or maybe simulate the passing of time .
Sometimes , it is n’t desirable to meddle with your app ’s internals , but sometimes it is .
Ruby coders can already do it using Webrat or cross -stub , and I ’ve found reasons to want that power over .NET apps too .
I told you I ’d be updating the situation if it got hot , so here I am , because some heavy shit went down yesterday , when the army ran into the Zetas north of Monterrey .
I do n’t think that any of your newspapers have covered this yet , so here ’s the quick skinny :
• The main shoot out took place at 11:30 a.m. in Anahuac , north of Monterrey and about 50 miles from the Texas border .
Six SUVs with tinted windows ran into an army convoy and started blasting away , killing two soldiers .
The soldiers responded by killing eight of the sicarios ( it could be six because on the news , they ’re reporting that two of the bodies were rescued by their homeboys ) .
According to eyewitness accounts , the Zetas were heavily armed and were responsible for starting the hostilities , leaning out of their cars and spraying soldiers with AK - 47s and R - 15s .
Two soldiers were badly wounded and were flown to Mexico City to receive medical attention , but one of them died en route .
The news also reported that a chick was killed on the sicarios ‘ side .
While it ’s not the first time , it is uncommon for girls to take part in gunfights .
Not to put them down or anything , but firefights here are very savage and very brutal — not the best place for a chick to be .
( As a side note : the Zetas did have a group of she - sicarias called “ The Panthers , ” but they were disbanded and forgotten eventually . )
• A second firefight took place minutes later at a nearby gas station .
Witnesses say that the street was filled with gun-casings and that four more sicarios were killed .
Anahuac , a small rural town , has turned into a ghost town after the soldiers and marines arrived there in force .
Every civilian is ducking and covering inside their homes , as they should be .
• Later in the afternoon , the state prison was attacked with grenades .
Only a prison intern was wounded and had to be evacuated to the University Hospital .
• That same day , 150 marines stormed a residence in Monterrey ’s Barrio Antiguo , but they have n’t released any details about the results .
• The nearby state of Tamaulipas is also hot .
A shootout took place on the National Highway at Km 17 between the army and the Zetas .
Result : two dead sicarios .
That ’s the only information available on this one , but there ’s so real need to know anything else .
This was a simple “ topon “ , which is what happens when a sicario convoy runs into an army convoy : lock n’ load , fire n’ reload , interrogate n’ torture and so on …
• More narco - banners have been put up all around the city again , the same message about an anti-Zeta front .
( See my previous post for an explanation . )
I ’ll be updating with details and information as I get it .
For now , read my last piece about the Zetas : Mexican Drug Cartels Raid Massive Rave Parties , Crack Down On Rival Pushers …
Here ’s some photographic evidence :
Pancho Montana is an eXiled Special Mexican War on Drugs Correspondent .
As a native of Monterrey , Nuevo Leon , located in northern Mexico , Mr. Montana lives in Gulf Cartel territory .
That means the streets belong to the Zetas , a paramilitary organization trained by the Yankees and hired by the Gulf Cartel to keep things civilized and business booming .
LONDON — The cost of insuring Dubai 's sovereign debt against default rose to its highest level since November as concerns resurfaced over the emirate 's large debt .
According to CMA DataVision , Dubai 's five - year credit - default - swap spread — a measure of credit risk — rose close to 0.5 percentage point to trade up at 6.32 percentage points in late trading Friday .
These elevated levels indicated that Dubai is considered one of the riskiest sovereigns in the world behind only Argentina , Venezuela , Ukraine and Pakistan .
The ...
Fatawesome is a sketch group from Boston .
We 've featured a bunch of their videos and recently started publishing their webcomic .
In this week 's update , they show what Superman gets up to on a particularly boring day .
For more Fatawesome superhero comics , check out A Deleted Scene from ' The Dark Knight ' , If The Power Rangers Origin Story Was More Realistic , and The Best Excuse For Wearing Baggy Pants .
Find more at Fatawesome.com .
The Thousands of Gaza children flew the kites on a summer camp sponsored by United Nations .
The event took place on Beit Lahiya , a beach on Gaza strip , to set new world record for most kites flown simultaneously .
The event brought cheers to the children as their home made brightly colored kites crisscrossed the clear skies .
It was memorable moment , that many Palestinians hoped to be free and have peace in Palestinian soil .
Source
We Recommend :
Dear President Mary Sue Coleman :
I ca n’t thank you enough .
Your administration ’s proposal to ban outdoor smoking on all three University campuses – Ann Arbor , Dearborn and Flint – effective July 2011 , is truly a lifesaver .
Your administration ’s reason , according to the Smoke - Free University Initiative website , is that you are “ trying to help people move toward healthy behaviors , ” which will ultimately benefit everyone .
Your administration has also publicly stated numerous times that the ban has absolutely nothing to do with the negative effects associated with second - hand smoke , but rather to “ promote a culture of health . ”
You do n’t know me — or barely any of the University students , faculty and staff that choose to smoke and that this ban would affect — personally .
Your administration has refused to even consider so - called “ common - sense ” alternatives to a total ban like banning smoking in high traffic areas , the establishment of “ smoking zones ” or allowing the ban to be voted on by the University community .
But all of your administration ’s actions seem perfectly reasonable to me .
I have just a few recommendations to offer .
If you ’re correct – that is , if encouraging “ healthy behaviors ” such as the cessation of smoking will result in a benefit to everyone – then your proposal is far too modest .
Just think about it !
Consumption of fast food , lack of exercise and unprotected sex are also unhealthy behaviors .
What ’s true for banning smoking will also hold true for these acts .
If your administration and the Smoke - Free University Steering Committee , which is tasked with implementing the ban , are really serious about campus health then we students beg you to address these issues as well .
Like you said , encouraging a healthy environment will help us address our rising health care costs .
First of all , the University should implement a ban on all fast food restaurants on campus to be consistent with a “ culture of health . ”
That means no more Wendy ’s , Pizza Hut , Panda Express or that evil Mrs. Fields .
And we especially need to get rid of Taco Bell .
We also must liberate ourselves from the soft drinks , popcorn , hot dogs and other unhealthy foods that plague Michigan football games and other sporting events .
Remember , we need to put people ahead of all those corporate contracts the University makes so much money from – no matter what .
Additionally , there should be a limit on how much students can eat in the cafeteria .
A “ no seconds ” rule must be implemented and the University must cease the production of desserts and chocolate chip cookies , even if that means firing the people who make the desserts in the cafeteria .
Lack of exercise is a major problem at campuses around the country as exemplified by the “ freshman 15 . ”
If the University wants students to unite in the name of campus health , they must mandate that all students , faculty and staff exercise for at least two hours and 30 minutes a week at one of the University ’s recreational facilities , as the Centers for Disease Control recommends .
A violation of this policy should result in a stiff penalty .
Such a move would be incredibly beneficial to the University ’s welfare and the true epitome of “ moving people toward healthy behaviors . ”
Finally , we must address the horrors of unprotected sex .
The spread of sexually transmitted infections is a huge threat to our health .
Like any consistent regulatory body , the administration needs to act in order to send a resounding message to the campus community .
I pondered a variety of brilliant methods in which this could be accomplished , including a return to all single - gender residence halls or chastity belts that students must wear until graduation , whereupon they will be removed by you , President Coleman .
But I came upon an ingenious one .
We ca n’t afford to risk the spread of STIs .
Therefore , all sexual activity must be deterred .
By requiring that anti-aphrodisiac chemicals be added to all beverages in dorm cafeterias , we can greatly reduce the chance of students engaging in sexual activity and consequently spreading STIs .
This policy would promote a “ culture of health ” without any negative effects , just like government mandated water fluoridation .
For the benefit of all students , faculty and staff at the University , your administration must prove its commitment to developing a “ culture of health ” by going far and above a modest smoking ban .
I do n’t enjoy seeing people smoking in the Diag anymore than I enjoy seeing obese individuals walking out of the Michigan Union .
It ’s obvious that competent adults – many of whom pay to attend this school – are n’t responsible enough to make their own decisions .
Clearly we need the University to make choices for us through coercion , even when they infringe on our individual rights to engage in a perfectly legal activity .
Yours Truly ,
Alex Biles
Alex Biles can be reached at jabiles@umich.edu .
The Culturalization of Politics
Why are today so many problems perceived as problems of intolerance , not as problems of inequality , exploitation , injustice ?
Why is the proposed remedy tolerance , not emancipation , political struggle , even armed struggle ?
The immediate answer is the liberal multiculturalist 's basic ideological operation : the " culturalization of politics " - political differences , differences conditioned by political inequality , economic exploitation , etc. , are naturalized / neutralized into " cultural " differences , different " ways of life , " which are something given , something that cannot be overcome , but merely " tolerated . "
To this , of course , one should answer in Benjaminian terms : from culturalization of politics to politicization of culture .
The cause of this culturalization is the retreat , failure , of direct political solutions ( Welfare State , socialist projects , etc. ) .
Tolerance is their post - political ersatz :
The retreat from more substantive visions of justice heralded by the promulgation of tolerance today is part of a more general depoliticization of citizenship and power and retreat from political life itself .
The cultivation of tolerance as a political end implicitly constitutes a rejection of politics as a domain in which conflict can be productively articulated and addressed , a domain in which citizens can be transformed by their participation . [ 1 ]
Perhaps , nothing expresses better the inconsistency of the post- political liberal project than its implicit paradoxical identification of culture and nature , the two traditional opposites : culture itself is naturalized , posited as something given .
( The idea of culture as " second nature " is , of course , an old one . )
It was , of course , Samuel Huntington who proposed the most successful formula of this " culturalization of politics " by locating the main source of today 's conflicts into the " clash of civilizations , " what one is tempted to call the Huntington 's disease of our time - as he put it , after the end of the Cold War , the " iron curtain of ideology " has been replaced by the " velvet curtain of culture . [ 2 ]
Huntington 's dark vision of the " clash of civilizations " may appear to be the very opposite of Francis Fukuyama 's bright prospect of the End of History in the guise of a world - wide liberal democracy : what can be more different from Fukuyama 's pseudo - Hegelian idea of the " end of history " ( the final Formula of the best possible social order was found in capitalist liberal democracy , there is now no space for further conceptual progress , there are just empirical obstacles to be overcome ) , [ 3 ] than Huntington 's " clash of civilizations " as the main political struggle in the XXIst century ?
The " clash of civilizations " IS politics at the " end of history . "
Contemporary liberalism forms a complex network of ideologies , institutional and non-institutional practices ; however , underlying this multiplicity is a basic opposition on which the entire liberal vision relies , the opposition between those who are ruled by culture , totally determined by the life - world into which they were born , and those who merely " enjoy " their culture , who are elevated above it , free to choose their culture .
This brings us to the next paradox : the ultimate source of barbarism is culture itself , one 's direct identification with a particular culture which renders one intolerant towards other cultures .
The basic opposition is thus related to the opposite between collective and individual : culture is by definition collective and particular , parochial , exclusive of other cultures , while - next paradox - it is the individual who is universal , the site of universality , insofar as s/he extricates itself from and elevates itself above its particular culture .
Since , however , every individual has to be somehow " particularized , " it has to dwell in a particular life - world , the only way to resolve this deadlock is to split the individual into universal and particular , public and private ( where " private " covers both the " safe haven " of family and the non-state public sphere of civil society ( economy ) ) .
In liberalism , culture survives , but as privatized : as way of life , a set of beliefs and practices , not the public network of norms and rules .
Culture is thus literally transubstantiated : the same sets of beliefs and practices change from the binding power of a collective into an expression of personal and private idiosyncrasies .
Insofar as culture itself is the source of barbarism and intolerance , the inevitable conclusion is that the only way to overcome intolerance and violence is to extricate the core of subject 's being , its universal essence , from culture : in its core , the subject has to be kulturlos .
( This , incidentally , gives a new twist to Joseph Goebbels 's infamous formula " when I hear the word culture , I reach for my gun " - but not when I hear the word civilization . )
Wendy Brown problematizes this liberal notion on a multitude of levels :
First , it is not truly universal , kulturlos .
Since , in our societies , a sexualized division of labor still predominates which confers a male twist on basic liberal categories ( autonomy , public activity , competition ) , and relegates women to the private sphere of family solidarity , etc. , liberalism itself , in its opposition of private and public , harbors male dominance .
Furthermore , it is only the modern Western capitalist culture for which autonomy , individual freedom , etc. , stand higher than collective solidarity , connection , responsibility for dependent others , the duty to respect the customs of one 's community - again , liberalism itself privileges a certain culture , the modern Western one .
Brown 's second line of attack concerns the freedom of choice - here , also , liberalism shows a strong bias .
It shows intolerance when individuals of other cultures are not given freedom of choice ( cliterodectomy , child brideship , infanticide , polygamy , family rape ... ) ; however , it ignores the tremendous pressure which , for example , compels women in our liberal society to undergo plastic surgery , cosmetic implants , Botox injections , etc. , in order to remain competitive on the sex market .
Finally , there are all the self - referring paradoxes centered on the impasse of tolerating intolerance .
Liberalist multiculturalism preaches tolerance between cultures , while making it clear that true tolerance is fully possible only in the individualist Western culture , and thus legitimizes even military interventions as an extreme mode of fighting the other 's intolerance - some US feminists supported the US occupation of Afghanistan and Iraq as a form of helping the women in these countries ...
However , Brown tries to get too much mileage from this self - referential paradox which a radical liberal would simply assume without any inconsistency : if I believe in individual choice and tolerance of different cultures , OF COURSE this obliges me to be " intolerant " towards cultures which prevent choice and tolerance .
Brown makes it easy here with focusing on today 's anti-Islamism - but what about , say , the struggle against Nazism ?
Is it not also a " paradox " that the allied block fought a brutal war against Fascism on behalf of tolerance and peace ?
So what ?
There are limits to tolerance , and to be tolerant towards intolerance means simply to support ( " tolerate " ) intolerance .
The liberal idea of a " free choice " - if the subject wants it , s/he can opt for the parochial way of the tradition into which s/he was born , but s/he has to be presented with alternatives and then make a free choice of it - always gets caught in a deadlock : while the Amish adolescents are formally given a free choice , the conditions they found themselves in while they are making the choice make the choice unfree .
In order for them to have an effectively free choice , they would have to be properly informed on all the options , educated in them - however , the only way to do this would be to extract them from their embeddedness in the Amish community , i.e. , to effectively render them " English . "
This also clearly demonstrates the limitations of the predominant liberal attitude towards the Muslim women wearing a veil : they can do it if it is their free choice and not an option imposed on them by their husbands or family .
However , the moment women wear a choice as the result of their free individual choice ( say , in order to realize their own spirituality ) , the meaning of wearing a veil changes completely : it is no longer a sign of their belonging to the Muslim community , but an expression of their idiosyncratic individuality ; the difference is the same as the one between a Chinese farmer eating Chinese food because his village is doing it from times immemorial , and a citizen of a Western megalopolis deciding to go and have a diner at a local Chinese restaurant .
The lesson of all this is that a choice is always a meta- choice , a choice of the modality of the choice itself : it is only the woman who does not choose to wear a veil that effectively chooses a choice .
This is why , in our secular societies of choice , people who maintain a substantial religious belonging are in a subordinate position : even if they are allowed to maintain their belief , this belief is " tolerated " as their idiosyncratic personal choice / opinion ; the moment they present it publicly as what it is for them ( a matter of substantial belonging ) , they are accused of " fundamentalism . "
This is why the display of religious symbols and prayer in public schools are such a sensitive topic : their advocates open themselves to the reproach of blurring the line of separation between private and public , of staining the neutral frame of the public space .
What this means is that the " subject of free choice " ( in the Western " tolerant " multicultural sense ) can only emerge as the result of an extremely violent process of being torn out of one 's particular life - world , of being cut off from one 's roots .
The philosophical underpinning of this ideology of the universal liberal subject , and , for this reason , the main philosophical target of Brown 's critique of liberalism is the Cartesian subject , especially in its Kantian version : the subject which is conceived as capable of stepping outside its particular cultural / social roots and asserting its full autonomy and universality : " Rational argument and criticism , indeed the rationality of criticism , are not simply the sign but also the basis of the moral autonomy of persons , an autonomy that presupposes independence from others , independence from authority in general , and the independence of reason itself . " [ 4 ]
The grounding experience of Descartes ' position of universal doubt is precisely a " multicultural " experience of how one 's own tradition is no better than what appears to us the " eccentric " traditions of others : /.../ I had been taught , even in my College days , that there is nothing imaginable so strange or so little credible that it has not been maintained by one philosopher or other , and I further recognized in the course of my travels that all those whose sentiments are very contrary to ours are yet not necessarily barbarians or savages , but may be possessed of reason in as great or even a greater degree than ourselves . [ 5 ]
The main feature of cogito is its insubstantial character : " It can not be spoken of positively ; no sooner than it is , its function is lost . " [ 6 ]
Cogito is not a substantial entity , but a pure structural function , an empty place - as such , it can only emerge in the interstices of substantial communal systems .
The link between the emergency of cogito and the disintegration and loss of substantial communal identities is thus inherent , and this holds even more for Spinoza than for Descartes : although Spinoza criticized the Cartesian cogito , he criticized it as a positive ontological entity - but he implicitly fully endorsed as the " position of enunciated , " the one which speaks from radical self - doubting , since , even more than Descartes , Spinoza spoke from the interstice of the social space (s ) , neither a Jew nor a Christian .
Spinoza effectively is a " philosopher as such " , with his subjective stance of a double outcast ( excommunicated from the very community of the outcasts of Western civilization ) ; which is why one should use him as a paradigm enabling us to discover the traces of a similar displacement , communal " out of joint , " with regard to all other great philosophers , up to Nietzsche who was ashamed of Germans and proudly emphasized his alleged Polish roots .
For a philosopher , ethnic roots , national identity , etc. , are simply not a category of truth , or , to put it in precise Kantian terms , when we reflect upon out ethnic roots , we engage in a private use of reason , constrained by contingent dogmatic presuppositions , i.e. , we act as " immature " individuals , not as free human beings who dwell in the dimension of the universality of reason .
The opposition between Kant and Rorty with regard to this distinction of public and private is rarely noted , but nonetheless crucial : they both sharply distinguish between the two domains , but in the opposite sense .
For Rorty , the great contemporary liberal if there ever was one , private is the space of our idiosyncrasies where creativity and wild imagination rule , and moral considerations are ( almost ) suspended , while public is the space of social interaction where we should obey the rules so that we do not hurt others ; in other words , the private is the space of irony , while the public is the space of solidarity .
For Kant , however , the public space of the " world - civil - society " designates the paradox of the universal singularity , of a singular subject who , in a kind of short - circuit , by - passing the mediation of the particular , directly participates in the Universal .
This is what Kant , in the famous passage of his " What is Enlightenment ? " , means by " public " as opposed to " private " : " private " is not individual as opposed to one 's communal ties , but the very communal - institutional order of one 's particular identification , while " public " is the trans-national universality of the exercise of one 's Reason .
The paradox of the underlying formula " Think freely , but obey ! " ( which , of course , poses a series of problems of its own , since it also relies on the distinction between the " performative " level of social authority , and the level of free thinking whose performativity is suspended ) is thus that one participates in the universal dimension of the " public " sphere precisely as singular individual extracted from or even opposed to one 's substantial communal identification - one is truly universal only as radically singular , in the interstices of communal identities .
It is Kant who should be read here as the critic of Rorty : in his vision of the public space of the unconstrained free exercise of Reason , he asserts the dimension of emancipatory universality OUTSIDE the confines of one 's social identity , of one 's position within the order of ( social ) being - the dimension missing in Rorty .
The Effective Universality
It is here that we encounter Brown 's fateful limitation .
First , she ignores the tremendous liberating aspect of experiencing one 's own cultural background as contingent .
There is an authentic core of political liberalism : let us not forget that liberalism emerged in Europe after the catastrophy of 30 - years war between Catholics and Protestants ; it was an answer to the pressing question : how could people who differ in their fundamental religious allegiances co-exist ?
It demands from citizens more than a condescending tolerance of diverging religions , more than tolerance as a temporary compromise : it demands that we respect other religions not in spite of our innermost religious convictions but on account of them - respect for others is a proof of true belief .
This attitude is best expressed by Abu Hanifa , the great 8th century Muslim intellectual : " Difference of opinion in the community is a token of Divine mercy . " [ 7 ]
Moreover , it demands that this list of different positions includes atheists .
It is only within this ideological space that one can experience one 's identity as something contingent and discursively " constructed " - to cut a long story short , philosophically , there is no Judith Butler ( her theory of gender identity as performatively enacted , etc. ) without the Cartesian subject .
Second , this is why also her analysis , her image of Western liberalism , is fatefully distorted : it is suspicious how obsessively , desperately almost , she tries to characterize liberal multiculturalist tolerance as " essentialist , " as relying on " essentialist " notion that our socio- symbolic identity is determined by our stable natural - cultural essence .
But whatever one can accuse liberal multiculturalism of , one should at least admit that it is profoundly anti-" essentialist " : it is its barbarian
Other which is perceived as " essentialist " and thereby " false , " i.e. , fundamentalism " naturalizes " or " essentializes " historically conditioned contingent traits .
-
One can thus claim that Brown remains within the horizon of tolerant liberalism , raising it to a self - reflexive level : what she wants is a liberalism ( multiculturalism ) which would expose to critique also its own norms and procedures , becoming aware of its own " intolerant " Eurocentric bias - here are the last lines of the book : /.../ the alternative is not abandoning or rejecting liberalism but rather using the occasion to open liberal regimes to reflection on the false conceits of their cultural and religious secularism , and to the possibility of being transformed by their encounter with what liberalism has conveniently taken to be its constitutive outside and its hostile Other . /.../
These deconstructive moves bear the possibility of conceiving and nourishing a liberalism more self - conscious of and receptive to its own always already present hybridity , its potentially rich failure to hive off organicism from individuality and culture from political principles , law , or policy .
This would be a liberalism potentially more modest , more restrained in its imperial and colonial impulses , but also one more capable of the multicultural justice to which it aspires . [ 8 ]
However , one can argue that Brown fails to apply the self - reflexive move that she demands of liberal multiculturalism on her own edifice : while she convincingly demonstrates how the very procedure by means of which the liberal multi-culturalist discourse presents itself as universal , neutral with regard to all particular cultural roots , she continues to rely on categories which remain " Eurocentric , " as is her basic opposition of contingentialism and essentialism : to modern Europeans , other civilizations are caught in their specific culture , while modern Europeans are flexible , constantly changing their presuppositions .
The move from sex as essentialist identity to sex as a contingent discursive construct is the move from traditionalism to modernity .
Brown repeatedly criticizes the " liberal conceit " that , while traditional individuals are determined by their cultures , modern liberal subjects are above it , able to step in and out of different particular cultures - which means exactly that they are no longer " essentialists " ...
Or , to make the same point in a more direct way : the self - reflexive sensitivity to one 's own limitation can only emerge against the background of the notions of autonomy and rationality promoted by liberalism .
That is to say , Brown posits herself within the tradition of critique of ideology , of mere " formal " freedom , which grew out of the very same liberal matrix she is criticizing .
One can , of course , argue that , in a way , the Western situation is even worse , because , in it , oppression itself is obliterated , masked as a free choice ( " What do you complain ?
YOU chose to do it ... " ) , and Brown is right in depicting how our freedom of choice often functions as a mere formal gesture of consenting to one 's oppression and exploitation .
However , the lesson of Hegel is here that form matters , that form has an autonomy and efficiency of its own .
So when we compare a Third World woman forced to undergo cliterodectomy or promised to marriage when a small child , with the First World woman " free to choose " painful cosmetic surgery , the form of freedom matters - it opens up a space for critical reflection . , br >
What is conspicuously missing from Brown 's account is the obverse of the dismissal of other cultures as intolerant , barbarian , etc. - the all too slick admission of their superiority .
Is not one of the topoi of Western liberalism the elevation of the Other as leading a life more harmonious , organic , less competitive , aiming at cooperation , not domination , etc ?
Linked to this is another operation : blindness for oppression on behalf of the " respect " for other 's culture .
Even freedom of choice is here often evoked in a perverted way : those people have chosen their way of life , inclusive of burning the widows , and , deplorable and repulsive as it appears to us , we should respect this choice ...
This brings us to Brown 's next limitation .
Her critique of liberalism remains at the standard Marxist level of denouncing the false universality , of showing how a position that presents itself as neutral - universal effectively privileges a certain ( heterosexual , male , Christian ... ) culture .
More precisely , she remains within the standard " postmodern , " " anti-essentialist " position , a kind of political version of Foucault 's notion of sex as generated by the multitude of the practices of sexuality : " man , " the bearer of Human Rights , is generated by a set of political practices which materialize citizenship ; " human rights " are as such a false ideological universality which masks and legitimizes a concrete politics of Western imperialism and domination , legitimizing military interventions and neocolonialism ... - is , however , this enough ?
The Marxist symptomal reading can convincingly demonstrate the particular content that gives the specific bourgeois ideological spin to the notion of human rights : " universal human rights are effectively the rights of the white male private owners to exchange freely on the market , exploit workers and women , as well as exert political domination ... "
This identification of the particular content that hegemonizes the universal form is , however , only half of the story ; its other , crucial half consists in asking a much more difficult supplementary question , that of the emergence of the very form of universality : how , in what specific historical conditions , does the abstract Universality itself become a " fact of ( social ) life " ?
In what conditions do individuals experience themselves as subjects of universal human rights ?
Therein resides the point of Marx 's analysis of " commodity fetishism " : in a society in which commodity exchange predominates , individuals themselves , in their daily lives , relate to themselves , as well as to the objects they encounter , as to contingent embodiments of abstract - universal notions .
What I am , my concrete social or cultural background , is experienced as contingent , since what ultimately defines me is the " abstract " universal capacity to think and / or to work .
Or , any object that can satisfy my desire is experienced as contingent , since my desire is conceived as an " abstract " formal capacity , indifferent towards the multitude of particular objects that may - but never fully do - satisfy it .
Say , the modern notion of " profession " implies that I experience myself as an individual who is not directly " born into " his social role - what I will become depends on the interplay between the contingent social circumstances and my free choice ; in this sense , today 's individual has a profession of an electrician or professor or waiter , while it is meaningless to claim that a medieval serf was a peasant by profession .
The crucial point here is , again , that , in certain specific social condition ( of commodity exchange and global market economy ) , " abstraction " becomes a direct feature of the actual social life , the way concrete individuals behave and relate to their fate and to their social surroundings .
Marx shares here Hegel 's insight into how Universality becomes " for itself " only insofar as individuals no longer fully identify the kernel of their being with their particular social situation , only insofar as they experience themselves as forever " out of joint " with regard to this situation : the concrete , effective existence of the Universality is the individual without a proper place in the global edifice - in a given social structure , Universality becomes " for itself " only in those individuals who lack a proper place in it .
The mode of appearance of an abstract Universality , its entering into actual existence , is thus an extremely violent move of disrupting the preceding texture of social life .
It is not enough to make the old Marxist point about the gap between the ideological appearance of the universal legal form and the particular interests that effectively sustain it ; at this level , the counter - argument ( made , among others , by Claude Lefort [ 9 ] and Jacques Rancière ) [ 10 ] that the form , precisely , is never a " mere " form , but involves the dynamics of its own which lets its traces in the materiality of social life , is fully valid ( the bourgeois " formal freedom " set in motion the process of very " material " political demands and practices , from trade unions to feminism ) .
Ranciere 's basic emphasis is on the radical ambiguity of the Marxist notion of the " gap " between formal democracy ( the rights of man , political freedom , etc. ) and the economic reality of exploitation and domination .
One can read this gap between the " appearance " of equality - freedom and the social reality of economic , cultural , etc. differences either in the standard " symptomatic " way ( the form of universal rights , equality , freedom and democracy is just a necessary , but illusory form of expression of its concrete social content , the universe of exploitation and class domination ) , or in the much more subversive sense of a tension in which the " appearance " of egaliberte , precisely , is NOT a " mere appearance , " but evinces an effectivity of its own , which allows it to set in motion the process of the rearticulation of actual socio- economic relations by way of their progressive " politicization "
( Why should n't women also vote ?
Why should n't conditions at the working place also be of public political concern ?
etc. )
One is tempted to use here the old Levi-Straussian term of " symbolic efficiency " : the appearance of egaliberte is a symbolic fiction which , as such , possesses actual efficiency of its own - one should resist the properly cynical temptation of reducing it to a mere illusion that conceals a different actuality .
( Therein resides the hypocrisy of the standard Stalinist mocking of the " merely formal " bourgeois freedom : if it is merely formal and does n't disturb the true relations of power , why , then , does n't the Stalinist regime allow it ?
Why is it so afraid of it ? )
The key moment of any theoretical ( and ethical , and political , and - as Badiou demonstrated - even aesthetic ) struggle is the rise of universality out of the particular life - world .
The commonplace according to which we are all irreducibly grounded in a particular ( contingent ) life - world , so that all universality is irreducibly colored by ( embedded in ) a particular life - world , should be turned around : the authentic moment of discovery , the breakthrough , occurs when a properly universal dimension explodes from within a particular context and becomes " for- itself , " directly experienced as such ( as universal ) .
This universality - for - itself is not simply external to ( or above ) the particular context : it is inscribed into it , it perturbs and affects it from within , so that the identity of the particular is split into its particular and its universal aspect .
Did already
Marx not point out how the true problem with Homer is not to explain the roots of his epics in the early Greek society , but to account for the fact that , although clearly rooted in their historical context , they were able to transcend their historical origin and speak to all epochs .
Perhaps , the most elementary hermeneutic test of the greatness of a work of art is its ability to survive being torn out of its original context : in the case of a truly great work of art , each epoch reinvents / rediscovers its own figure of this work , like there is a romantic Shakespeare , a realist Shakespeare , etc .
Take Wagner 's Parsifal : a lot of historicist work was done recently trying to bring out the contextual " true meaning " of the Wagnerian figures and topics : the pale Hagen is really a masturbating Jew ; Amfortas ' wound is really syphillis ...
The idea is that Wagner is mobilizing historical codes known to everyone in his epoch : when a person stumbles , sings in cracking high tones , makes nervous gestures , etc. , " everyone knew " this is a Jew , so Mime from Siegfried is a caricature of a Jew ; the fear of syphillis as the illness in the groin one gets from having intercourse with an " impure " woman was an obsession in the second half of the 19th century , so it was " clear to everyone " that Amfortas really contracted syphillis from Kundry ...
However , the first problem here is that , even if accurate , such insights do not contribute much to a pertinent understanding of the work in question .
One often hears that , in order to understand a work of art , one needs to know its historical context .
Against this historicist commonplace , one should affirm that too much of a historical context can blur the proper contact with a work of art - in order to properly grasp Parsifal , one should abstract from such historical trivia , one should decontextualize the work , tear it out from the context in which it was originally embedded .
There is more truth in Parsifal 's formal structure which allows for different historical contextualizations than in its original context .
It was Nietzsche , the great critic of Wagner , who was nonetheless the first to perform such a de-contextualization , proposing a new figure of Wagner : no longer Wagner as the poet of Teutonic mythology , of bombastic heroic grandeur , but the " miniaturist " Wagner , the Wagner of hystericized femininity , of delicate passages , of bourgeois family decadence .
Along the same lines , Nietzsche was repeatedly reinvented throughout the XXth century , from the conservative - heroic proto - Fascist Nietzsche up to the " French " Nietzsche and the Cultural Studies Nietzsche .
Convincing historical analysis can easily show how Nietzsche 's theory was embedded in his particular political experience ( the " revolt of the slaves " was for him exemplified by the Paris Commune ) ; however , this in no way contradicts the fact that there is more truth in the " decontextualized " French Nietzsche of Deleuze and Foucault than in this " historically accurate " Nietzsche .
And the argument is here not simply pragmatic : the point to be made is not that Deleuze 's reading of Nietzsche , although " historically inaccurate , " is " more productive " ; it is rather that the tension between the basic universal frame of Nietzsche 's thought and its particular historical contextualization is inscribed into the very edifice of Nietzsche 's thought , is part of its very identity , in the same way that the tension between the universal form of human rights and their " true meaning " at the historical moment of their inception is part of their identity .
The standard Marxist hermeneutics of unearthing the particular bias of abstract universality should thus be supplemented by its opposite : by the ( properly Hegelian ) procedure which uncovers the universality of what presents itself as a particular position .
Recall again Marx 's analysis of how , in the French revolution of 1848 , the conservative - republican Party of Order functioned as the coalition of the two branches of royalism ( orleanists and legitimists ) in the " anonymous kingdom of the Republic . " [ 11 ]
The parliamentary deputees of the Party of Order perceived their republicanism as a mockery : in parliamentary debates , they all the time generated royalist slips of tongue and ridiculed the Republic to let it be known that their true aim was to restore the kingdom .
What they were not aware of is that they themselves were duped as to the true social impact of their rule .
What they were effectively doing was to establish the conditions of bourgeois republican order that they despised so much ( by for instance guaranteeing the safety of private property ) .
So it is not that they were royalists who were just wearing a republican mask : although they experienced themselves as such , it was their very " inner " royalist conviction which was the deceptive front masking their true social role .
In short , far from being the hidden truth of their public republicanism , their sincere royalism was the fantasmatic support of their actual republicanism - it was what provided the passion to their activity .
And is this not the lesson of Hegel 's " Cunning of Reason " : particularity can mask universality ?
G. K. Chesterton wrote apropos of Nietzsche that he " denied egoism simply by preaching it " : " To preach anything is to give it away .
First , the egoist calls life a war without mercy , and then he takes the greatest possible trouble to drill his enemies in war .
To preach egoism is to practice altruism . " [ 12 ]
The medium is here not the message , quite the opposite : the very medium that we use - the universal intersubjectivity of language - undermines the message .
So , again , it is not only that we should denounce the particular position of enunciation that sustains the universal enunciated content ( the white - male - wealthy subject who proclaims universality of human rights , etc. ) - much more important is to unearth the universality that sustains ( and potentially undermines ) my particular claim .
The supreme case , noted by Bertrand Russell , is here of course the solipsist trying to convince others that he alone really exists .
( Does the same hold for tolerance or intolerance ?
Not quite , although there is a similar catch in preaching tolerance : it ( presup ) poses its presupposition , the subject deeply " bothered " by the Neighbor , and thus reasserts it . )
In the same way , the French royalists were victims of the Cunning of Reason , blind for the universal ( capitalist - republican ) interest served by their pursuing of their particular royalist goals .
They were like Hegel 's valet de chambre who does n't see the universal dimension , so that there are no heroes for him .
More generally , an individual capitalist thinks he is active for his own profit , ignoring how he is serving the expanded reproduction of the universal capital .
It is not only that every universality is haunted by a particular content that taints it ; it is that every particular position is haunted by ITS implicit universality which undermines it .
Capitalism is not just universal in - itself , it is universal for - itself , as the tremendous actual corrosive power which undermines all particular life - worlds , cultures , traditions , cutting across them , catching them in its vortex .
In it meaningless to ask here the question " is this universality true or a mask of particular interests ? " - this universality is directly actual as universality , as the negative force of mediating and destroying all particular content .
In this precise sense , Brown 's ironic rejection of liberalism 's claim of kulturlos universality misses the ( Marxist ) point : capitalism ( whose ideology liberalism is ) effectively IS universal , no longer rooted in a particular culture or " world . "
This is why Badiou recently claimed that our time is devoid of world : the universality of capitalism resides in the fact that capitalism is not a name for a " civilization , " for a specific cultural - symbolic world , but the name for a truly neutral economico - symbolic machine which operates with Asian values as well as with others , so that Europe 's worldwide triumph is its defeat , self - obliteration , the cutting of the umbilical link to Europe .
The critics of " Eurocentrism " who endeavor to unearth the secret European bias of capitalism fall short here : the problem with capitalism is not its secret Eurocentric bias , but the fact that it really is universal , a neutral matrix of social relations .
A possible argument against capitalist universality is that , within each civilization , the same capitalist mechanisms are " symbolized , " integrated into the concrete social whole , in a different way ( it certainly affects differently a Protestant society than a Muslim one ) .
So while capitalism certainly is a set of features which are trans - cultural , functioning in different societies , they nonetheless function within each society as a particular sub-system which is integrated into an each time specific over - determined articulation , i.e. , texture of social - symbolic relations .
It is like the use of same words by different social groups : although we all talk about " computers " or " virtual reality , " the scope of meaning of these terms is not the same in a San Francisco hacker community or in a working class small town in economic depression ...
The answer to this is that , precisely for this reason , the capitalist matrix of social relations is " real " : it is that which , in all possible symbolic universes , functions in the same trans - symbolic way .
Even if it does n't " mean the same " to individuals in different communities , even if it does n't inscribe itself into the totality of their life - world in the same way , it generates the same formal set of social relations , pursuing its circular movement of self - reproduction : in the US or in China , in Peru or in Saudi Arabia , the same profit - oriented matrix is at work .
The same logic holds for the emancipatory struggle : the particular culture which tries desperately to defend its identity has to repress the universal dimension which is active at its very heart , that is , the gap between the particular ( its identity ) and the universal which destabilizes it from within .
This is why the ' leave us our culture ' argument fails .
Within every particular culture , individuals do suffer , women do protest when forced to undergo cliterodectomy , and these protests against the parochial constraints of one 's culture are formulated from the standpoint of universality .
Actual universality is not the " deep " feeling that , above all differences , different civilizations share the same basic values , etc. ; actual universality ÈappearsÇ ( actualizes itself ) as the experience of negativity , of the inadequacy - to - itself , of a particular identity .
The formula of revolutionary solidarity is not " let us tolerate our differences , " it is not a pact of civilizations , but a pact of struggles which cut across civilizations , a pact between what , in each civilization , undermines its identity from within , fights against its oppressive kernel .
What unites us is the same struggle .
A better formula would thus be : in spite of our differences , we can identify the basic antagonism o antagonistic struggle , in which we are both caught ; so let us share our intolerance , and join forces in the same struggle .
In other words , in the emancipatory struggle , it is not the cultures in their identity which join hands , it is the repressed , the exploited and suffering , the ' parts of no - part ' of every culture which come together in a shared struggle .
Such universality remains " concrete " in the precise sense that , once formulated , its persistence is not guaranteed : every historical epoch has to find its own specific way to accomplish the breakthrough to universality ( and there are epochs which fail in this endeavor and remain blind for the universal dimension of a work in question , like most of the 17th and 18th centuries were blind for Shakespeare ) .
This universality which emerges / explodes out of a violent breakthrough is not the awareness of the universal as the neutral frame which unites us all ( " in spite of our differences , we are basically all human ... " ) ; it is the universality which becomes for - itself in the violent experience of the subject who becomes aware that he is not fully himself ( coinciding with his particular form of existence ) , that he is marked by a profound split .
Universality becomes for - itself in the particular element which is thwarted in its endeavor to reach its identity - conservative critique of democracy is fully aware of this paradox , when it points out how the democratic idea ( each individual has the right to participate in social life independently of the particular place he occupies within the social edifice ) potentially undermines social stability , of how it involves individuals who are by definition self - alienated , out - of - joint , not - reconciled , unable to recognize themselves ( their proper place ) in the global organic social order .
One often addressed at Primo Levi the question : does he consider himself primarily a Jew or a human ?
Levi himself often oscillated between these two choices .
The obvious solution - precisely as a Jew , he was human , i.e. , one is human , one participates in universal humanity , through one 's very particular ethnic identification - falls flat here .
The only consistent solution is not to say that Levi was a human who happened to be a Jew , but that he was human ( he participated " for himself " in the universal function of humanity ) precisely and only insofar as he was not able to ( or was uneasy at ) fully identifying with his Jewishness , insofar as " being a Jew " was for him a problem , not a fact , not a safe haven to which he can withdraw .
Acheronta movebo
The particular ethnic substance , our " life - world , " which resists universality , is made of habits - what are habits ?
Every legal order ( or every order of explicit normativity ) has to rely on a complex network of informal rules which tells us how are we to relate to the explicit norms , how are we to apply them : to what extent are we to take them literally , how and when are we allowed , solicited even , to disregard them , etc. - and this is the domain of habit .
To know the habits of a society is to know the meta-rules of how to apply its explicit norms : when to use them or not use them ; when to violate them ; when not to use a choice which is offered ; when we are effectively obliged to do something , but have to pretend that we are doing it as a free choice ( like in the case of potlatch ) .
Recall the polite offer - meant - to - be - refused : it is a " habit " to refuse such an offer , and anyone who accepts such an offer commits a vulgar blunder .
The same goes for many political situations in which a choice is given on condition that we make the right choice : we are solemnly reminded that we can say no - but we are expected to we reject this offer and enthusiastically say yes .
With many sexual prohibitions , the situation is the opposite one : the explicit " no " effectively functions as the implicit injunction " do it , but in a discreet way ! " .
One of the strategies of " totalitarian " regimes is to have legal regulations ( criminal laws ) so severe that , if taken literally , EVEREYONE is guilty of something , and then to withdraw from their full enforcement .
In this way , the regime can appear merciful ( " You see , if we wanted , we could have all of you arrested and condemned , but do not be afraid , we are lenient ... " ) , and at the same time wield a permanent threat to discipline its subjects ( " Do not play too much with us , remember that at any moment we can ... " ) .
In ex-Yugoslavia , there was the infamous Article 133 of the penal code which could always be invoked to prosecute writers and journalists - it made into a crime any text that presents falsely the achievements of the socialist revolution or that may arouse the tension and discontent among the public for the way it deals with political , social , or other topics ... this last category is obviously not only infinitely plastic , but also conveniently self - relating : does the very fact that you are accused by those in power not in itself equal the fact that you " aroused the tension and discontent among the public " ?
In those years , I remember asking a Slovene politician how does he justify this article ; he just smiled and , with a wink , told me : " Well , we have to have some tool to discipline at our will those who annoy us ... "
This overlapping of potential total culpabilization ( whatever you are doing MAY be a crime ) and mercy ( the fact that you are allowed to lead your life in peace is not a proof or consequence of your innocence , but a proof of the mercy and benevolence , of the " understanding of the realities of life , " of those in power ) - yet another proof that " totalitarian " regimes are by definition regimes of mercy , of tolerating violations of the law , since , the way they frame social life , violating the law ( bribing , cheating ... ) is a condition of survival .
The problem during the chaotic post -Soviet years of the Yeltsin rule in Russia could be located at this level : although the legal rules were known ( and largely the same as under the Soviet Union ) , what disintegrated was the complex network of implicit unwritten rules which sustained the entire social edifice .
Say , if , in the Soviet Union , you wanted to get a better hospital treatment , a new apartment , if you had a complain against authorities , if you were summoned to a court , if you wanted your child to be accepted in a top school , if a factory manager needed raw materials not delivered on time by the state - contractors , etc.etc. , everyone knew what you really had to do , whom to address , whom to bribe , what you can do and what you can not do .
After the collapse of the Soviet power , one of the most frustrating aspects of the daily existence of ordinary people was that these unwritten rules largely got blurred : people simply did not know what to do , how to react , how are you to relate to explicit legal regulations , what can you ignore , where does bribery work , etc .
( One of the functions of the organized crime was to provide a kind of ersatz - legality : if you owned a small business and a customer owed you money , you turned to your mafia - protector who dealt with the problem , since the state legal system was inefficient . )
The stabilization under the Putin reign mostly amounts to the newly - established transparency of these unwritten rules : now , again , people mostly know how to act in react in the complex cobweb of social interactions .
This , also , is why the most elementary level of symbolic exchange is so - called " empty gestures , " offers made or meant to be rejected .
It was Brecht who gave a poignant expression to this feature in his learning plays , exemplarily in Jasager in which the young boy is asked to accord freely with what will in any case be his fate ( to be thrown into the valley ) ; as his teacher explains it to him , it is customary to ask the victim if he agrees with his fate , but it is also customary for the victim to say yes .
Belonging to a society involves a paradoxical point at which each of us is ordered to embrace freely , as the result of our choice , what is anyway imposed on us ( we all must love our country or our parents ) .
This paradox of willing ( choosing freely ) what is in any case necessary , of pretending ( maintaining the appearance ) that there is a free choice although effectively there is n't one , is strictly codependent with the notion of an empty symbolic gesture , a gesture - an offer - which is meant to be rejected .
And is not something similar part of our everyday mores ?
In today 's Japan , workers have the right to a 40 days holiday every year - however , they are expected not to use this right in its full extent ( the implicit rule is not to use more than half of it ) .
In John Irving 's A Prayer for Owen Meany , after the little boy Owen accidentally kills John 's ( his best friend 's , the narrator 's ) mother , he is , of course , terribly upset , so , to show how sorry he is , he discretely delivers to John a gift of the complete collection of color photos of baseball stars , his most precious possession ; however , Dan , John 's delicate stepfather , tells him that the proper thing to do is to return the gift .
Let us imagine a more down - to - earth situation : when , after being engaged in a fierce competition for a job promotion with my closest friend , I win , the proper thing to do is to offer to retract , so that he will get the promotion , and the proper thing for him to do is to reject my offer - this way , perhaps , our friendship can be saved .
What we have here is symbolic exchange at its purest : a gesture made to be rejected .
The magic of symbolic exchange is that , although at the end we are where we were at the beginning , there is a distinct gain for both parties in their pact of solidarity .
There is a similar logic at work in the process of apologizing : if I hurt someone with a rude remark , the proper thing for me to do is to offer him a sincere apology , and the proper thing for him to do is to say something like " Thanks , I appreciate it , but I was n't offended , I knew you did n't mean it , so you really owe me no apology ! "
The point is , of course , that , although the final result is that no apology is needed , one has to go through the entire process of offering it : " you owe me no apology " can only be said after I DO offer an apology , so that , although , formally , " nothing happens , " the offer of apology is proclaimed unnecessary , there is a gain at the end of the process ( perhaps , even , the friendship is saved ) .
Of course , the problem is : what if the person to whom the offer to be rejected is made actually accepts it ?
What if , upon being beaten in the competition , I accept my friend 's offer to get the promotion instead of him ?
What if Russia really started to act as a great power ?
A situation like this is properly catastrophic : it causes the disintegration of the semblance ( of freedom ) that pertains to social order , which equals the disintegration of the social substance itself , the dissolution of the social link .
In this precise sense , revolutionary - egalitarian figures from Robespierre to John Brown are ( potentially , at least ) figures without habits : they refuse to take into account the habits that qualify the functioning of a universal rule .
If all men are equal , than all men are equal and are to be effectively treated as such ; if blacks are also human , they should be immediately treated as such .
On a less radical level , in early 1980s , a half - dissident student weekly newspaper in ex-Yugoslavia wanted to protest the fake " free " elections ; aware of the limitations of the the slogan " speak truth to power " ( " The trouble with this slogan is that it ignores the fact that power will not listen and that the people already know the truth as they make clear in their jokes . " ) , [ 13 ] instead of directly denouncing the elections as un - free , they decided to treat them as if they are really free , as if their result really was undecided , so , on the elections eve , they printed an extra-edition of the journal with large headline : " Latest election results : it looks that Communists will remain in power ! "
This simple intervention broke the unwritten " habit " ( we " all know " that elections are not free , we just do not talk publicly about it ... ) : by way of treating elections as free , it reminded the people publicly of their non-freedom .
In the second season of the TV - series Nip - Tuck , Sean learns that the true father of his adolescent son Matt is Christian , his partner .
His first reaction is an angry outburst ; then , in the aftermath of a failed operation to separate Siamese twins , he again accepts Chris as a partner , with a big speech at the operating table : " I will never forgive you for what you did .
But Matt is too precious , the best result of our partnership , so we should not lose this ... "
This message obvious , all too obvious - a much more elegant solution would have been for Sean just to say : " I will never forgive you for what you did . " , the subjective position of this statement being already that of acceptance - this is how one talks to someone whom one already decided to re-accept .
So the problem is that Sean SAYS TOO MUCH - why does he go on ?
This is the interesting question .
Is the US public too stupid ?
No .
So why then ?
What if just a sign of true re-acceptance would have been too much , too intense , so the explicit platitudes are here to water it down ?
Perhaps , Nip - Tuck being an American series , this excess can be accounted for in the terms of the difference between Europe and the US .
In Europe , the ground floor in a building is counted as 0 , so that the floor about it is the " first floor , " while in the US , the " first floor " is on the street level .
In short , Americans start to count with 1 , while Europeans know that 1 is already a stand - in for 0 .
Or , to put it in more historical turns : Europeans are aware that , prior to start counting , there has to be a " ground " of tradition , a ground which is always - already given and , as such , cannot be counted , while the US , a land with no pre-modern historical tradition proper , lacks such a " ground " - things begin there directly with the self - legislated freedom , the past is erased ( transposed on to Europe ) . [ 14 ]
This lack of ground thus has to be supplemented by excessive saying - Sean cannot rely on the symbolic ground that would guarantee that Christian will get the message without explicitly stating it .
Habits are thus the very stuff our identities are made of : in them , we enact and thus define what we effectively are as social beings , often in contrast with our perception of what we are - in their very transparency , they are the medium of social violence .
Back in 1937 , George Orwell [ 15 ] deployed the ambiguity of the predominant Leftist attitude towards the class difference :
We all rail against class - distinctions , but very few people seriously want to abolish them .
Here you come upon the important fact that every revolutionary opinion draws part of its strength from a secret conviction that nothing can be changed .
/.../
So long as it is merely a question of ameliorating the worker 's lot , every decent person is agreed .
/.../
But unfortunately you get no further by merely wishing class - distinctions away .
More exactly , it is necessary to wish them away , but your wish has no efficacy unless you grasp what it involves .
The fact that has got to be faced is that to abolish class - distinctions means abolishing a part of yourself .
Here am I , a typical member of the middle class .
It is easy for me to say that I want to get rid of class - distinctions , but nearly everything I think and do is a result of class - distinctions .
/.../ I have got to alter myself so completely that at the end I should hardly be recognizable as the same person .
Orwell 's point is that radicals invoke the need for revolutionary change as a kind of superstitious token that should achieve the opposite , i.e. , PREVENT the change from really occurring - a today 's academic Leftist who criticizes the capitalist cultural imperialism is in reality horrified at the idea that his field of study would really break down .
There is , however , a limit to this strategy : Orwell 's insight holds only for a certain kind of " bourgeois " Leftists ; there are Leftists who DO HAVE the courage of their convictions , who do not only want " revolution without revolution , " as Robespierre put it - Jacobins and Bolsheviks , among others ...
The starting point of these true revolutionaries can be the very position of the " bourgeois " Leftists ; what happens is that , in the middle of their pseudo - radical posturing , they get caught into their own game and are ready to put in question their subjective position .
It is difficult to imagine a more trenchant political example of the weight of Lacan 's distinction between the " subject of the enunciated " and the " subject of the enunciation " : first , in a direct negation , you start by wanting to " change the world " without endangering the subjective position from which you are ready to enforce the change ; then , in the " negation of negation , " the subject enacting the change is ready to pay the subjective price for it , to change himself , or , to quote Gandhi 's nice formula , to BE himself the change he wants to see in the world .
-
It is thus clear to Orwell that , in our ideological everyday , our predominant attitude is that of an ironic distance towards our true beliefs : the left - wing opinions of the average ' intellectual ' are mainly spurious .
From pure imitativeness he jeers at things which in fact he believes in .
As one example out of many , take the public - school code of honor , with its ' team spirit ' and ' Do n't hit a man when he 's down ' , and all the rest of that familiar bunkum .
Who has not laughed at it ?
Who , calling himself an ' intellectual ' , would dare not to laugh at it ?
But it is a bit different when you meet somebody who laughs at it from the outside ; just as we spend our lives in abusing England but grow very angry when we hear a foreigner saying exactly the same things .
/.../
It is only when you meet someone of a different culture from yourself that you begin to realize what your own beliefs really are .
There is nothing " inner " in this true ideological identity of mine - my innermost beliefs are all " out there , " embodied in practices which reach up to the immediate materiality of my body - " my notions - notions of good and evil , of pleasant and unpleasant , of funny and serious , of ugly and beautiful - are essentially middle - class notions ; my taste in books and food and clothes , my sense of honor , my table manners , my turns of speech , my accent , even the characteristic movements of my body " ...
One should definitely add to this series smell : perhaps the key difference between lower popular class and middle class concerns the way they relate to smell .
For the middle class , lower classes smell , their members do not wash regularly - or , to quote the proverbial answer of a middle - class Parisian to why he prefers to ride the first class cars in the metro : " I would n't mind riding with workers in the second class - it is only that they smell ! "
This brings us to one of the possible definitions of what a Neighbor means today : a Neighbor is the one who by definition smells .
This is why today deodorants and soaps are crucial - they make neighbors at least minimally tolerable : I am ready to love my neighbors ... provided they do n't smell too bad .
According to a recent report , scientists in a laboratory in Venezuela added a further element to these series : through genetic manipulations , they succeeded in growing beans which , upon consumption , do not generate the bad - smelling and socially embarrassing winds !
So , after decaf coffee , fat - free cakes , diet cola and alcohol - free beer , we now get wind - free beans ... [ 16 ]
Lacan supplemented Freud 's list of partial objects ( breast , faeces , penis ) with two further objects : voice and gaze .
Perhaps , we should add another object to this series : smell .
We reach thereby the " heart of darkness " of habits .
Recall numerous cases of pedophilia that shatter the Catholic Church : when its representatives insists that these cases , deplorable as they are , are Church 's internal problem , and display great reluctance to collaborate with police in their investigation , they are , in a way , right - the pedophilia of Catholic priests is not something that concerns merely the persons who , because of accidental reasons of private history with no relation to the Church as an institution , happened to chose the profession of a priest ; it is a phenomenon that concerns the Catholic Church as such , that is inscribed into its very functioning as a socio-symbolic institution .
It does not concern the " private " unconscious of individuals , but the " unconscious " of the institution itself : it is not something that happens because the Institution has to accommodate itself to the pathological realities of libidinal life in order to survive , but something that the institution itself needs in order to reproduce itself .
One can well imagine a " straight " ( not pedophiliac ) priest who , after years of service , gets involved in pedophilia because the very logic of the institution seduces him into it .
Such an institutional Unconscious designates the obscene disavowed underside that , precisely as disavowed , sustains the public institution .
( In the army , this underside consists of the obscene sexualized rituals of fragging etc. which sustain the group solidarity . )
In other words , it is not simply that , for conformist reasons , the Church tries to hush up the embarrassing pedophilic scandals ; in defending itself , the Church defends its innermost obscene secret .
What this means is that identifying oneself with this secret side is a key constituent of the very identity of a Christian priest : if a priest seriously ( not just rhetorically ) denounces these scandals , he thereby excludes himself from the ecclesiastic community , he is no longer " one of us " ( in exactly the same way a citizen of a town in the South of the US in the 1920s , if he denounced Ku Klux Klan to the police , excluded himself from his community , i.e. , betrayed its fundamental solidarity ) .
Consequently , the answer to the Church 's reluctance should be not only that we are dealing with criminal cases and that , if Church does not fully participate in their investigation , it is an accomplice after the fact ; moreover , Church AS SUCH , as an institution , should be investigated with regard to the way it systematically creates conditions for such crimes .
This obscene underground of habits is what is really difficult to change , which is why the motto of every radical emancipatory politics is the same as the quote from Virgil that Freud chose as the exergue for his Interpretations of Dreams : Acheronta movebo - dare to move the underground !
Notes :
[ 1 ] Wendy Brown , Regulating Aversion : Tolerance in the Age of Identity and Empire , Princeton : Princeton University Press 2006 , p. 89 .
[ 2 ] Samuel Huntington , The Clash of Civilizations , New York : Simon and Schuster 1998 .
[ 3 ] Francis Fukuyama , The End of History and the Last Man , New York : Free Press 2006 ( reprint edition ) .
[ 4 ]
Brown , op .
cit. , p. 152 .
[ 5 ] René Descartes , Discourse on Method , South Bend : University of Notre Dame Press 1994 , p. 33 .
[ 6 ] Kojin Karatani's Transcritique .
On Kant and Marx , Cambridge : MIT Press 2003 , p. 134 .
[ 7 ] Ziauddin Sardar and Merryl Wyn Davies , The No- Nonsense Guide to Islam , London : New Internationalist , 2004 , p. 77 .
[ 8 ] Brown , op.cit. , pp. 174-175 .
[ 9 ]
Claude Lefort , The Political Forms of Modern Society : Bureaucracy , Democracy , Totalitarianism , Cambridge : MIT Press 1986 .
[ 10 ] Jacques Ranciére , Hatred of Democracy , London : Verso Books 2007 .
[ 11 ] Karl Marx , " Class Struggles in France " .
[ 12 ] G.K. Chesterton , Orthodoxy , San Francisco : Ignatius Press 1995 , p. 38 .
[ 13 ] Moustapha Safouan , Why Are the Arabs Not Free : the Politics of Writing ( unpublished manuscript ) .
[ 14 ]
Perhaps , this feature accounts for another weird phenomenon : in ( almost ) all American hotels housed in buildings of more than 12 floors , there is no 13th floor ( to avoid bad luck , of course ) , i.e. , one jumps directly from 12th floor to 14th floor .
For a European , such a procedure is meaningless : whom are we trying to fool ?
As if God does n't know that what we designated as 14th floor is really the 13th floor ?
Americans can play this game precisely because their God is just a prolongation of our individual egos , not perceived as a true ground of being .
[ 15 ] George Orwell , The Road to Wigan Pier ( 1937 ) .
[ 16 ]
Although , even here , the benevolent Welfare - State endeavors to balance the annoyance of the bad - smelling neighbor with health concerns : a couple of years ago , the Dutch health ministry advices the citizens to break wind at least 15 times per day , in order to avoid unhealthy tensions and pressures in the body ....
Slavoj Zizek's Bibliography
Slavoj Zizek's Chronology
: icons / white / donate copy Created with Sketch .
Donate
Did you know we have over 50,000 animals in our care ?
Each year , it takes more than $ 3.3 million to feed and care for all the animals at the Aquarium .
As a self - supporting , non-profit association we could n’t do it without your help !
Please support our Animal Care Fund today .
WASHINGTON — The Environmental Protection Agency is planning to tighten standards for four water contaminants that can cause cancer as part of a new strategy to toughen drinking - water regulation , the head of the agency said Monday .
The agency said it will start rulemakings to revise standards for two contaminants used in industrial or textile processing , tetracholorethylene and trichloroethylene , within the year .
The EPA will follow that rulemaking by setting stricter standards for epichlorohydrin and acrylamide , which can ...
Create a " new fax " in the RingCentral mobile or desktop app and enter the recipient 's fax number , add message text , and attach files from DropBox , Box , Google Drive , or any Microsoft Office® application .
Or , submit faxes online via email by addressing them to the recipient 's fax number @rcfax.com .
The email text and any attachments become the pages of the fax .
( CNN ) --
There was no profanity , no hate .
Just the words , " I love my friends Abby and Faith .
Lex was here 2/1/10 :) " scrawled on the classroom desk with a green marker .
Alexa Gonzalez , an outgoing 12 - year - old who likes to dance and draw , expected a lecture or maybe detention for her doodles earlier this month .
Instead , the principal of the Junior High School in Forest Hills , New York , called police , and the seventh - grader was taken across the street to the police precinct .
Alexa 's hands were cuffed behind her back , and tears gushed as she was escorted from school in front of teachers and -- the worst audience of all for a preadolescent girl -- her classmates .
" They put the handcuffs on me , and I could n't believe it , " Alexa recalled .
" I did n't want them to see me being handcuffed , thinking I 'm a bad person . "
Alexa is no longer facing suspension , according a spokeswoman for the New York City Department of Education .
Still , the case of the doodling preteen is raising concerns about the use of zero tolerance policies in schools .
Critics say schools and police have gone too far , overreacting and using well - intended rules for incidents involving nonviolent offenses such as drawing on desks , writing on other school property or talking back to teachers .
" We are arresting them at younger and younger ages [ in cases ] that used to be covered with a trip to the principal 's office , not sending children to jail , " said Emma Jordan - Simpson , executive director of the Children 's Defense Fund , a national children 's advocacy group .
There are n't any national studies documenting how often minors become involved with police for nonviolent crimes in schools .
Tracking the incidents depends on how individual schools keep records .
Much of the information remains private , since it involves juveniles .
But one thing is sure : Alexa 's case is n't the first in the New York area .
One of the first cases to gain national notoriety was that of Chelsea Fraser .
In 2007 , the 13 - year - old wrote " Okay " on her desk , and police handcuffed and arrested her .
She was one of several students arrested in the class that day ; the others were accused of plastering the walls with stickers .
At schools across the country , police are being asked to step in .
In November , a food fight at a middle school in Chicago , Illinois , resulted in the arrests of 25 children , some as young as 11 , according to the Chicago Police Department .
The Strategy Center , a California - based civil rights group that tracks zero tolerance policies , found that at least 12,000 tickets were issued to tardy or truant students by Los Angeles Police Department and school security officers in 2008 .
The tickets tarnished students ' records and brought them into the juvenile court system , with fines of up to $ 250 for repeat offenders .
The Strategy Center opposes the system .
" The theory is that if we fine them , then they wo n't be late again , " said Manuel Criollo , lead organizer of the " No to Pre - Prison " campaign at The Strategy Center .
" But they just end up not going to school at all . "
His group is trying to stop the LAPD and the school district from issuing the tickets .
The Los Angeles School District says the policy is designed to reduce absenteeism .
And another California school -- Highland High School in Palmdale -- found that issuing tardiness tickets drastically cut the number of pupils being late for class and helped tone down disruptive behavior .
The fifth ticket issued landed a student in juvenile traffic court .
In 1998 , New York City took its zero tolerance policies to the next level , placing school security officers under the New York City Police Department .
Today , there are nearly 5,000 employees in the NYPD School Safety Division .
Most are not police officers , but that number exceeds the total police force in Washington , D.C .
In contrast , there are only about 3,000 counselors in New York City 's public school system .
Critics of zero tolerance policies say more attention should be paid to social work , counseling and therapy .
" Instead of a graduated discipline approach , we see ... expulsions at the drop of a hat , " said Donna Lieberman , an attorney with the New York branch of the American Civil Liberties Union .
" If they have been suspended once , their likelihood of being pushed out of the school increases , " she said .
" They may end up in jail at some point in their life . "
One of Lieberman 's clients was in sixth grade when police arrested her in 2007 for doodling with her friend in class .
The child , called M.M. in court filings to protect her identity , tried to get tissues to remove the marks , a complaint states .
Lieberman says police subjected M.M. to unlawful search and seizure .
A class -action lawsuit , filed in January on behalf of five juveniles , is pending .
It maintains that inadequately trained and poorly supervised police personnel are aggressive toward students when no criminal activity is taking place .
Several studies have confirmed that the time an expelled child spends away from school increases the chance that child will drop out and wind up in the criminal justice system , according to a January 2010 study from the Advancement Project , a legal action group .
Alexa Gonzalez missed three days of school because of her arrest .
She spent those days throwing up , and it was a challenge to catch up on her homework when she returned to school , she said .
Her mother says she had never been in trouble before the doodling incident .
New York attorney Joe Rosenthal , who is representing Alexa , plans to file a lawsuit accusing police and school officials of violating Alexa 's constitutional rights .
New York City Department of Education officials declined to comment specifically on any possible legal matters .
" Our mission is to make sure that public schools are a safe and supportive environment for all students , " said Margie Feinberg , an education department spokeswoman .
Several media outlets have reported that school officials admitted the arrest was a " mistake , " but when asked by CNN , Feinberg declined to comment specifically on the incident .
She referred CNN to the NYPD .
The NYPD did not return CNN 's repeated phone calls and e-mails .
It is unknown whether charges will be pressed against Alexa .
Kenneth Trump , a security expert who founded the National School Safety and Security Services consulting firm , said focusing on security is essential to the safety of other students .
He said zero tolerance policies can work if " common sense is applied . "
Michael Soguero recalls being arrested himself in 2005 when , as principal at Bronx Guild School , he tried to stop an officer from handcuffing one of his students .
A charge of assault against him was later dropped .
He says police working in schools need specific training on how to work with children .
In Clayton County , Georgia , juvenile court judge Steven Teske is working to reshape zero tolerance policies in schools .
He wants the courts to be a last resort .
In 2003 , he created a program in Clayton County 's schools that distinguishes felonies from misdemeanors .
The result ?
The number of students detained by the school fell by 83 percent , his report found .
The number of weapons detected on campus declined by 73 percent .
Last week , after hearing about 12 - year - old Alexa 's arrest in New York , he was n't shocked .
" There is zero intelligence when you start applying zero tolerance across the board , " he said .
" Stupid and ridiculous things start happening . "
The scandal is growing at Environment Canada of how Canadian climate researchers are being " muzzled " by draconian policies of Prime Minister Stephen Harper .
Opinion , not science guiding federal policies , says UVic prof read more
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners Hurrah !
Tyee Reporter Katie Hyslop Celebrates 10 - Year Tyeeversary
She ’s covered education , youth and housing issues for a decade now , and we ’re lucky to have her .
This week the Montreal Gazette reported on a leaked document showing that the information restrictions brought in by the Harper government have severely restricted the media 's access to government researchers .
" Scientists have noticed a major reduction in the number of requests , particularly from high - profile media , who often have same - day deadlines , " said the Environment Canada document .
" Media coverage of climate change science , our most high - profile issue , has been reduced by over 80 per cent . "
Since 2007 , Environment Canada has required senior federal scientists to seek permission from the government prior to giving interviews , often requiring them to get approval from supervisors of written responses to the questions submitted by journalists before any interview .
" Many [ federal climate change ] scientists are recognized experts in their field , have received media training , and have successfully carried out media interviews for many years , " said the document , leaked by an Environment Canada employee who asked not to be named .
" Our scientists are very frustrated with the new process .
They feel the intent of the policy is to prevent them from speaking to media ...
There is a widespread perception among Canadian media that our scientists have been ' muzzled ' by the media relations policy . "
Control at its worst : scientist
The leaked document came to light through research done by the Climate Action Network for a scathing report on the laundry list of restrictions on climate researchers since the Harper regime came to power .
According to Dr. David Schindler at the University of Alberta : " It is clear that muzzling under the Harper government is the most oppressive in the history of federal government science .
Incredibly , some of the most eminent scientists in Canada have been forbidden to speak publicly on scientific matters where they are recognized as world experts . "
' Our community is gutted '
Not apparently content restricting the flow of existing climate information , the Harper government also cancelled funding for a decade - long climate research project that was recognized around the world for its importance .
The Canadian Foundation for Climate and Atmospheric Science ( CFCAS ) has supported 198 climate research projects around the country , providing $ 117 million in funding that has led to breakthroughs in climatology , meteorology and oceanography .
Dr. Gordon McBean , Chair of CFCAS called the recent budget announcement a " nightmare scenario for scientists across the country -- our community is gutted . "
A press release by the CFCAS said :
In less than 12 months , major research collaborations among industry , government laboratories and universities will collapse -- and with them the jobs of numerous scientists , students and technicians .
The country is already bleeding talent ...
Without sound scientific information , how will the government evaluate the effectiveness of green technologies , or build northern infrastructure , or develop our energy industry , or assure water supply and clean air ?
Presumably that 's the point .
The Harper government seems to be seeking to strangle research , silence scientists and muzzle the media .
So ham - handed are these efforts to stifle the truth that this story has now spilled across our borders into the international press .
A story this week from The Guardian shows how the world is beginning to notice the bizarre censorship policies now pervasive in once - bucolic Canada .
( CNN ) --
It wo n't make up for almost a decade of imprisonment , but a $ 4.1 million settlement is a " good start , " one of Tim Masters ' attorneys said Tuesday .
The Larimer County , Colorado , Board of Commissioners voted earlier Tuesday to settle a lawsuit that Masters filed after a judge exonerated him on a murder charge that put him behind bars in 1999 .
" There 's no dollar figure that 's going to give him back his 10 years , " said David Wymore , one of the attorneys who represented Masters in the case .
" Tim just wishes this never happened to him , but it did . "
Masters was 15 when Fort Collins , Colorado , police began investigating him in the murder of 37 - year - old Peggy Hettrick , who was found murdered and sexually mutilated in a field near Masters ' family home .
He was convicted largely on circumstantial evidence and the testimony of an expert witness who said he fit the profile of a sexual predator .
A judge freed Masters in 2008 after new evidence was presented in the case .
The crime remains unsolved .
Masters ' co-counsel David Lane emphasized there is still a lawsuit pending against the city and that Tuesday 's settlement represented only a " good start " to compensating a man who was " framed for a crime he did not commit . "
Wymore , who also represented Masters in the criminal proceedings that saw the charges against him dismissed , said he is pleased with the settlement , but feels " someone should apologize to Tim one day because it 's not just an accident . "
Masters , 38 , was unable to comment because of the case pending against Fort Collins and some of its police officers .
In a statement from his attorney , Masters said he was pleased with the county settlement and eager to conclude the proceedings .
" I would gladly have paid $ 10 million , or whatever it took , if I could get those years of my life back .
Unfortunately , that can never happen , " Masters said in the statement .
Kelly DiMartino , a spokeswoman for the city , said Fort Collins is presently negotiating with Masters , but she was unable to share details because it involves pending litigation .
Tuesday 's settlement -- $ 3 million of which will be paid by the county 's insurer -- closes the case against the county and two of its judges , Terry Gilmore and Jolene Blair , who were prosecutors in the case that jailed Masters .
A news release said the county had already paid more than $ 400,000 defending the case and officials believe Gilmore and Blair " handled the Masters prosecution with the utmost professionalism and confidence . "
It also said Gilmore , Blair and District Attorney Larry Abrahamson objected to the settlement .
" They would rather have had their day in court , " county attorney George Hass said .
The settlement indicates no wrongdoing , explained Hass .
Rather , he said , the county was concerned by the prospect of a jury assigning more exorbitant damages .
The county decided it would settle for $ 4.1 million " even though we felt we had a good case to defend , " the attorney said .
Hass said he has seen juries dole out damages in excess of $ 10 million in similar cases , and " that would be a number the county would have to struggle with . "
The money should be paid to Masters by February 25 , Hass said .
It was 12 years after Hettrick 's slaying before prosecutors convicted him and he was sentenced to life in prison .
Police procured no physical evidence in their investigation , and prosecutors relied largely on a collection of knives and gruesome doodles and sketches , as well as the testimony of a forensic psychologist who implicated Masters without ever interviewing him .
Citing DNA evidence that did not implicate Masters , a visiting judge threw out the case in 2008 , and Masters walked free .
A year after his release , Masters told CNN he maintained hard feelings for police and prosecutors in the case and said he felt he would have a wife and job if not for the bogus conviction .
He was selling items on eBay at the time to earn money .
" They locked me up for a decade for something I did n't do , " he told CNN .
Wymore said Tuesday that Masters ' eBay income has dried up since he spoke to CNN last year .
He is presently living in his aunt 's basement and attending school to be recertified as an aircraft mechanic , a job he enjoyed during his eight years in the Navy .
" The settlement allows Tim to re-establish himself as a human being , " Wymore said .
" He wants to be a normal guy .
He wants to get a house , a dog , a car . "
Great use of lettering and pose here .
Coloring is nice but I think reversing the dark and the red might create a better image .
I really love the illustration - It has a lot of character with a simplicity of line .
Nice work !
A low - cost water purification technique published in Current Protocols in Microbiology could help drastically reduce the incidence of waterborne disease in the developing world .
The procedure , which uses seeds from the Moringa oleifera tree , can produce a 90.00 % to 99.99 % bacterial reduction in previously untreated water , and has been made free to download as part of access programs under John Wiley & Sons ' Corporate Citizenship Initiative .
A billion people across Asia , Africa , and Latin America are estimated to rely on untreated surface water sources for their daily water needs .
Of these , some two million are thought to die from diseases caught from contaminated water every year , with the majority of these deaths occurring among children under five years of age .
Michael Lea , a Current Protocols author , and a researcher at Clearinghouse , a Canadian organisation dedicated to investigating and implementing low - cost water purification technologies , believes the Moringa oleifera tree could go a long way to providing a solution .
" Moringa oleifera is a vegetable tree which is grown in Africa , Central and South America , the Indian subcontinent , and South East Asia .
It could be considered to be one of the world 's most useful trees , " said Lea .
" Not only is it drought resistant , it also yields cooking and lighting oil , soil fertilizer , as well as highly nutritious food in the form of its pods , leaves , seeds and flowers .
Perhaps most importantly , its seeds can be used to purify drinking water at virtually no cost . "
Moringa tree seeds , when crushed into powder , can be used as a water - soluble extract in suspension , resulting in an effective natural clarification agent for highly turbid and untreated pathogenic surface water .
As well as improving drinkability , this technique reduces water turbidity ( cloudiness ) making the result aesthetically as well as microbiologically more acceptable for human consumption .
Despite its live - saving potential , the technique is still not widely known , even in areas where the Moringa is routinely cultivated .
It is therefore Lea 's hope that the publication of this technique in a freely available protocol format , a first , will make it easier to disseminate the procedure to the communities that need it .
" This technique does not represent a total solution to the threat of waterborne disease , " concluded Lea .
" However , given that the cultivation and use of the Moringa tree can bring benefits in the shape of nutrition and income as well as of far purer water , there is the possibility that thousands of 21st century families could find themselves liberated from what should now be universally seen as19th century causes of death and disease .
This is an amazing prospect , and one in which a huge amount of human potential could be released .
This is particularly mind - boggling when you think it might all come down to one incredibly useful tree . "
Source : Wiley - Blackwell
Down on the farm with the robots
By Mark Ward
Technology correspondent , BBC News
Autonomous vehicles might soon be at work on many farms
Picking a cauliflower seems a very easy task , at least to anyone who has only ever encountered the brassica on a plate accompanied by meat and other vegetables .
But knowing the right moment to pick a cauliflower is tricky .
Harvest it too soon or too late and supermarket chains might reject the whole crop for being too big or small .
There are also problems of finding labour willing to do the picking .
" It 's a horrible job and there 's not enough people doing it , " said Dr Richard Dudley from the National Physical Laboratory ( NPL ) , which is working on a robot to replace the human harvesters .
Human - based methods of picking cauliflowers involve about 15 people walking in front of a harvester checking cauliflowers to see if they are the right size , cutting them and then placing them in a hopper .
All in a few seconds .
Field tests of the cauliflower picking robot are under way No wonder , then , that mistakes are made and the system is not very efficient .
" At the moment they do one pass and anything that 's left is usually left to rot away , " said Dr Dudley .
Dr Dudley and colleagues at NPL along with agricultural firm Vegetable Harvesting Systems ( VHS ) are working on robots that are as fast as humans at working out if a cauliflower is ready to be picked .
One prototype has a multi-axis arm and the other is equipped with a blade that simply cuts and gathers .
Field trials of both are being carried out on a farm in Cambridgeshire .
For a robot equipped with the right sensors , far infra-red , terahertz and microwave , then working out if a cauliflower is ready to pick is easy .
" Once they reach a certain size you know they are ripe , " said Dr Dudley .
Current prototypes will likely be attached to a harvester but future versions could patrol the fields themselves .
" They 'll use GPS and imaging systems to see the crops and understand how they are growing , " said Dr Dudley .
" They can start monitoring , managing and predicting so you can maximise the yield per acre . "
The robot cauliflower picker could be , he said , the harbinger of a new era in farming that makes far greater use of technology .
Hands off " Agriculture is a great opportunity for automation like robotics , " said Professor Tony Stentz of the Field Robotics Centre at Carnegie Mellon University .
Getting rows the right distance apart is tricky " Fruits that grow on trees and vegetables that grow in a row , the idea is to farm those crops in a way that you want to pick the fruit and vegetables but you do not want to destroy the plant , " he said .
" That 's a far more challenging task then using a combine to harvest corn . "
So far , getting robots to be as cheap as human has proved difficult and has focussed interest on making more of the vehicles that are already in use on a farm .
" Take tractors , " said Professor Stentz .
" They pull an implement and with that they can plough , till and hoe .
They can plant , spray chemicals and mow the weeds in between trees . "
" There 's an opportunity to improve all of that by automating and removing the driver , " he said .
Making tractors and other machines autonomous would have many benefits , said Professor Stentz .
Safety would be improved , he said , because farmers would spend less time around big machines and less time near the chemicals they spray .
An autonomous vehicle could also work at peak speed all the time , do without breaks and operate 24 hours a day .
Smart tractors studded with sensors would be able to monitor crops and selectively apply fertilisers or other chemicals , spot disease early on and gather data about a crop .
" You can watch them grow and report their size and number , " said Professor Stentz .
" You can predict when you are going to get the yield and how big it 's going to be and you can plan your resources downstream . "
Field fare
Key to all of this is improved location data .
Thousands of farms have used guidance systems over the past few years , said Mark James , of agricultural firm John Deere .
Some guidance systems are GPS based and others simply help a farmer follow a straight line .
" If you are sitting in a cab for 10 - 12 hours then it 's hard to work accurately by eye for any length of time , " he said .
" Guidance systems can help steer the machine manually or steer it by itself to a high degree of accuracy all day long , " said Mr James .
" The benefit is that the rows are the right spacing . "
That means , he said , less overlap of fertiliser and other chemicals cutting down on waste .
John Deere already sells hands - free tractors that can go up and down a field by themselves .
Under development are tractors that are wirelessly linked to slave vehicles to handle the biggest farms .
John
Deere is also looking at using location data produced by a combine harvester to guide a tractor pulling alongside to take away the crop it has harvested .
" Guidance systems are enablers , " said Mr James .
" Farmers buy them with one job in mind and then realise they can use it for lots more . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
When it comes to marijuana seeds , most Canadians are familiar with the case of Marc Emery , a well - known activist facing extradition and five years in a US prison for selling seeds online — but a lesser - known case involving a Canadian seed - seller named Richard Baghdadlian , one of the few cases in history where a Canadian has faced charges for selling marijuana seeds , has just wrapped up in a Quebec courtroom .
A judge sentenced the wealthy Montreal businessman to two years less a day to be served in the community .
According to the few press reports available about the trial , court evidence showed Baghdadlian ’s online pot seed company was doing “ booming business ” .
His company , Heaven ’s Stairway , made about 3.5 million dollars between 2000 and 2005 , through popular websites like Overgrow.com .
The case has been playing out through the justice system since Baghdadlian ’s arrest in early 2006 , nine months after the raid on Marc Emery ’s Direct seed business by the US DEA and the Vancouver police department .
Crown prosecutors had asked the judge for a 5 - year sentence for Baghdadlian , claiming he knew exactly what he was doing when he broke the law .
Baghdadlian pleaded guilty to charges of conspiracy to import and export marijuana seeds and inciting marijuana production .
But will Baghdadlian ’s light sentence have any bearing on Emery ’s case ?
“ It ’s certainly helpful in the fact that he did n’t get a jail sentence , ” Emery told Cannabis Culture , “ and yet he had half a million dollars cash on hand , gold bars , Harley - Davidson motorcycles and property that was seized by the crown .
He did n’t get any jail time ; the judge ruled that there was no precedent for any more than a month in jail for a fairly large seed business , and that was the one example from British Columbia . ”
Emery was referring to the 2007 case of Daniel Anthony Kostantin , a BC man sentenced to 30 days in prison for selling marijuana seeds .
“ I do n’t know whether it will affect my extradition , ” Emery said , “ because in my case it is all political anyway , but it is certainly a helpful precedent to lend to the credibility of our argument that it is political .
Emery and his supporters say that the 2005 DEA raid on his business was an overtly political act , as evidenced by statements made at the time by DEA administrator Karen Tandy , calling Emery ’s arrest “ a signficant blow not only to the marijuana trafficking trade in the U.S. and Canada , but also to the marijuana legalization movement . ”
“ His marijuana trade and propagandist marijuana magazine have generated nearly $ 5 million a year in profits that bolstered his trafficking efforts , but those have gone up in smoke today , ” she said .
“ Hundreds of thousands of dollars of Emery ’s illicit profits are known to have been channeled to marijuana legalization groups active in the United States and Canda .
Drug legalization lobbyists now have one less pot of money to rely on . ”
Click here to find out how to help Marc Emery stay out of an American prison .
Former Vice President Dick Cheney makes a surprise appearance at the Conservative Political Action Conference on Feb. 18 .
Dick Cheney surprises CPAC
Former Vice President Dick Cheney made a surprise appearance Thursday at the Conservative Political Action Conference to pay homage to the movement and declare that Barack Obama will be a “ one - term president . ”
Cheney came up on stage after a speech by his daughter Liz , who hammered Obama ’s policies on terrorism and laid blame on administration officials for the attempted Christmas Day bombing .
Advertisement
The room exploded with excitement for the former vice president , who was greeted with cheers of “ run , Dick , run ! ”
“ A welcome like that is almost enough to make me want to run for office again — but I ’m not gonna do it , ” he said .
Cheney made clear that he has passed the torch to his daughter , of whom he said he is “ enormously proud . ”
“ She said I could come with her , but that I had to be arm candy , ” the former vice president joked .
Cheney said that he is excited for the opportunities this November ’s elections present for conservatives , especially for the younger generation to step up and take control of the movement .
“ The sky is the limit here .
I think 2010 will be a phenomenal year .
And I think Barack Obama is a one - term president , ” he said .
“ The highlights of my years in public office have been my opportunities to come to CPAC , ” Cheney said to the conference attendees .
“ Let me thank you for all the energy and time and effort you ’ve dedicated to our common cause . ”
“ It ’s a remarkable time to be an American and a remarkable time to be a conservative , ” he concluded .
“ Good luck . ”
White Americans are by far more pessimistic about the country ’s future than racial minorities , according to a new poll released Monday that studied attitudes about “ the American Dream . ”
The study of 1,022 American adults by Xavier University found broad agreement that the American Dream – which respondents defined themselves – is harder to achieve now than it has been in the past , and will be even harder for the next generation .
The data shows that “ people are losing faith ” in the idea that they can achieve whatever they set their mind to , said a release put out by Xavier ’s Institute for Politics and the American Dream .
But outlooks were most grim among white respondents – only 29 percent of whites surveyed said the American Dream was in good condition , compared with 48 percent who said it is in bad condition .
Among black Americans , 39 percent were optimistic about achieving the American Dream , with 35 percent pessimistic .
Latinos were optimistic by a 37 percent to 36 percent margin , and non-white ’s were positive by 36 percent to 35 percent .
Immigrants to the U.S. also were found to be far more positive about the American Dream ( 47 percent optimistic to 30 percent pessimistic ) than U.S. - born citizens ( 31 percent to 46 percent ) .
Respondents chose from several options in defining what they believe the American Dream to be .
The top choices were opportunity , freedom , family , financial security , happiness , a good job , home ownership and wealth .
An overwhelming majority , 74 percent , said achieving the American Dream is based on hard work , while 11 percent said it is due to luck or circumstances .
Despite their pessimism , 67 percent of those surveyed said they are still confident they can achieve the American Dream in their lifetime , compared to 32 percent who said they are not confident .
Only 23 percent said it will be easier for the next generation to achieve the American Dream , while 68 percent said it will harder .
Jamie Squire / Getty Images
Just when you thought it could n't get any worse , it does .
Barely two months after three Tennessee football players were arrested for attempted armed robbery , four basketball players have been arrested and jailed for possession of marijuana and illegal firearms .
The unfortunate difference between the two cases is that the three football players were freshmen — guys one could reasonably expect to make an egregious error in judgement .
The four basketball players , on the other hand , were all upperclassmen .
The four ?
Tyler Smith — the Vols best player for the past two season , Cameron Tatum — a very important sixth man and occasional starter , Brian Williams — Tennessee 's main big man backup , and Melvin Goins — a first year JUCO transfer point guard .
One of the firearms found had a scratched - out serial number , which is a whole other felony charge aside from just possessing a weapon without a permit .
The four were also charged with possessing the other weapon without a permit .
On top of all this , there was a strong smell of marijuana and an open container of alcohol in the vehicle .
How did all of this begin ?
The four were originally pulled over for speeding .
All of this begs the question , what the heck is going on at the University of Tennessee ?
How can these things continue to happen to this proud athletic program ?
Is the problem in recruiting ?
I doubt it .
Last time I checked , every school in America recruits from the same pool of players and assume virtually identical risk with the young men they allow into their programs .
Is the problem coaching and discipline ?
Bruce Pearl is a great disciplinarian and has been for a long time .
He 's also a great coach who does n't allow such shenanigans to go on under his watch .
Is there an atmosphere at Tennessee that allows their student - athletes to think they are above the law ?
I honestly do not know .
But at this point , it would appear that if the other two reasons are n't valid , this is just as good of an excuse as any .
It 's amazing the importance that fans of SEC programs , or any national program for that matter , place on collegiate athletics .
I have followed Tennessee athletics for most of my life and have always looked up to coaches and players .
But to the point of idol worship ?
Never .
We line up for miles outside of Neyland Stadium to slap hands with 100 18 - 22 year old's .
We cheer like mad for them when they do great and we boo them mercilessly when they screw up .
We place these kids on pedestals and they know it .
In my mind , that can't help but foster an attitude of egotism and a mentality that they are " above - everything . "
Why else would four very talented , often - used basketball players get into a car with two illegal weapons , measurable amounts of pot , and an open container of alcohol ?
If there 's no prevailing attitude involved , why would an NBA prospect ( Tyler Smith ) be anywhere near this sort of thing ?
Obviously there are more questions than answers at this point .
Hopefully we 'll learn some answers sometime in the near future .
Практика функционального программировани я
Clojure , или « Вы все еще использует е Java ?
Тогда мы идем к вам ! »
Алексей Отт
Аннотация : В статье рассказывается о недавно появившемся функциональном язык е
Clojure , работающем на платформе JVM .
Данный язык имеет интересные возможности , которые упрощают разработку многопоточных программ для платформы JVM и может быть интересен для программистов использующих данную платформу1 .
This article provides a short introduction to the Clojure programming language .
This language has very interesting features simplifying development of concurrent programs for JVM platform .
We hope that this article is going to be useful for developers working with JVM .
Обсуждение статьи ведётся по адрес у
http://community.livejournal.com/fprog/7703.html .
1 Что такое Clojure ?
Clojure — Lisp ’ообразный язык общего назначения , разработанный для Java Virtual Machine ( JVM ) 2 .
Автором языка являетс я Rich Hickey , который несколько лет разрабатывал язык в одиночку вплоть до выпуска первой публичной версии .
В настоящее время , стабильной версией является верси я 1.1 , выпущенная в конце декабря 2009 - го года , и наш рассказ будет вестись именно о ней .
В отличие от других реализаци й Lisp ’а и
Scheme для виртуальной машины Java , таких как ABCL , Kawa и т. д. , Clojure не совместим на 100 процентов ни с Common Lisp , ни с Scheme , но позаимствовал многие идеи из этих языков , добавив новые вещи , такие как неизменяемость данных , конкурентное выполнение кода и т. п.
Более подробно о том , зачем был создан новый язык , можно прочитать на сайте проекта .
Несмотря на то , что Clojure — молодой язык программирования , достаточно много людей используют его в своих проектах , в том числе и коммерческих , например , FlightCaster , который используе т
Clojure при обработке большого количества данных , решая задач и Machine Learning в распределенной среде .
Существуют и другие фирмы ( например , Sonian , Runa , Emendio ) , использующие этот язык в своей работе — ссылки на них вы сможете найти на сайте языка .
1.1 Основные возможности язык а
Clojure является функциональным языком программирования с поддержкой функций в качестве объектов первого класса ( first class objects ) и неизменяемыми ( за исключением специальных случаев ) данными , включая поддержку « ленивых » коллекций данных .
От Lisp ’а Clojure « унаследовал » макросы , мультиметоды и интерактивный стиль разработки , а JVM дает переносимость и доступ к большому набору библиотек , созданных для этой платформы .
Неизменность структур данных позволяет использовать их в разных потоках выполнения программы , что упрощает многопоточное программирование .
Однако не все структуры являются неизменяемыми — в нужных случаях программист может явно использовать изменяемые структуры данных , используя Software Transactional Memory ( STM ) , что обеспечивает надежную работу в многопоточной среде .
( В качестве примера многопоточной программы , работающей с разделяемыми данными , можно привести программу « муравьи » ( ants ) , которую достаточно сложно написать на Java из - за большого количества моделируемых сущностей , но которая достаточно просто выглядит на Clojure ) .
За счет того , что Clojure был спроектирован для работы на базе JVM , обеспечивается доступ к большому набору библиотек , существующих для данной платформы .
Взаимодействие с Java реализуется в обе стороны — как вызов кода , написанного на Java , так и реализация классов , которые доступны как для вызова из Java , так и из других языков , существующих для JVM , например , Scala .
Подробнее о взаимодействии с JVM написано далее .
1.2 Отличия от Lisp
Несмотря на схожесть синтаксиса , Clojure отличается и от Common Lisp , и от Scheme .
Некоторые отличия обусловлены тем , что язык разработан для платформы JVM , что накладывает некоторые ограничения на реализацию .
Например , JVM не поддерживает оптимизацию хвостовых вызовов ( tail call optimization , TCO ) , поэтому в язык были введены явные операторы loop и recur .
Также важными определяющими факторами JVM - платформы являются :
boxed integers — нет поддержки полного набора типов чисел ( numeric tower ) , которые есть в Scheme и Common Lisp ;
система исключений как в Java ( в Common Lisp используется сигнальный протокол ) ;
используется соглашение о вызовах как в Java .
Полный список отличий можно найти на отдельной странице на сайте языка .
Из явных отличий от Common Lisp можно отметить следующие :
идентификаторы в Clojure регистрозависимы ( case - sensitive ) ;
большая часть данных — неизменяемая ;
пользователь не может изменять синтаксис языка путем ввода собственных макросов в процедуре чтения кода ( read macros ) ;
введен специальный синтаксис для литералов , векторов , отображений ( maps ) , регулярных выражений , анонимных функций и т. д.;
существует возможность связывания метаданных с переменными и функциями ;
можно реализовать функции с одним именем и разным набором аргументов ;
многие привычные вещи , такие как let , по синтаксису отличаются от их аналогов в Common Lisp и Scheme ( при этом используется меньше скобок ) , например , let связывает данные последовательно , аналогично let* в
Scheme ;
, по синтаксису отличаются от их аналогов в Common Lisp и Scheme ( при этом используется меньше скобок ) , например , связывает данные последовательно , аналогично в
Scheme ; вместо функций car и cdr используются функции first и rest ;
и используются функции и ; nil не равен пустому списку или другому набору данных ( коллекции ) — он всего лишь означает отсутствующее значение ( аналог null в Java ) ;
не равен пустому списку или другому набору данных ( коллекции ) — он всего лишь означает отсутствующее значение ( аналог в Java ) ; используется общее пространство имен , как в Scheme ;
сравнение на равенство производится одной функцией в отличие от Common Lisp и Scheme ;
поддержка « ленивых » коллекций .
1.3 Источники информации о язык е
Основной источник информации по данному языку — сайт проекта и список рассылки .
Помимо сайта проекта , хорошим источником информации является набор видеолекций на Blip .
TV , а также видеолекции , в которых автор языка рассказывает о
Clojure и об особенностях его использования .
Кроме того , следует отметить набор скринкастов , созданны х Sean Devlin , в которых он рассказывает о разных возможностях языка , включая новые , появившиеся в верси и 1.1 .
Из книг в настоящее время доступна книга « Programming Clojure » [ 2 ] , выпущенная в серии Pragmatic Programmers , которая в принципе содержит всю необходимую информацию о языке , включая описание основных возможностей языка , вопросы взаимодействия с Java , основные функции , отличие языка от Common Lisp , и т. п. В мае 2010 года издательств о
Apress выпустит еще одну книгу по Clojure — « Practical Clojure » [ 4 ] .
А на осень 2010 года в издательств е
Manning запланирован выход книг « Clojure in Action » [ 3 ] и « Joy of Clojure .
Thinking the Clojure Way » [ 1 ] .
В свободном доступе можно найти книг у Clojure Programming , работа над которой ведется в рамках проекта WikiBooks .
Также существует достаточно подробный практический учебник — Clojure Scripting .
Хорошее описание того , как можно использовать макросы для построения абстракций , можно найти в известной книг е
On Lisp Пола Грэма ( Paul Graham ) .
Несмотря на то , что в ней используется Common Lisp , многие вещи будут применимы и для Clojure3 .
Очень большое количество информации о языке , разрабатываемых библиотеках и проектах , использующи х
Clojure , публикуется в блогах .
Для того , чтобы свести всю эту информацию воедино , существует проек т
Planet Clojure , на который вы можете подписаться , чтобы быть в курсе новостей о языке .
2 Установка и запус к
Установка Clojure достаточно проста — скачайте последнюю версию с сайта языка и распакуйте в нужный каталог .
После этого вы можете запустить ее с помощью команды :
java - cp clojure.jar clojure.main
Эта команда приведет к запуску JVM и вы получите доступ к REPL ( « read - eval - print loop » — цикл ввода выражений и выдачи результатов ) .
Стандартный REPL имеет не очень хорошие возможности по редактированию кода , так что при работе с REPL лучше использовать библиотеку jline , как описано в раздел е Getting Started официальной документаци и
Clojure , или воспользоваться одной из сред разработки , описанных в раздел е 6.1 .
Более подробные инструкции по развертыванию для разных сред разработки вы можете найти в описании проекта labrepl , целью которого является упрощение начала работы с Clojure .
В составе данного проекта имеется набор учебных материалов , которые будут полезны начинающим работать с языком .
Работая в REPL вы можете получать информацию о функциях , макросах и других объектах языка .
Для получения информации о каком - либо символе или специальной форме вы можете использовать макрос doc .
Например , ( doc map ) напечатает справку по функции map , которая была задана при объявлении этой функции .
А если вы не помните точное название символа , можно провести поиск по документации с помощью функции find - doc , которая принимает один аргумент — строку с регулярным выражением по которому будет проводиться поиск .
3 Из чего состоит язык Clojure
Синтаксис языка Clojure следует стандартному для Lisp ’образных языков подходу « код как данные » , когда данные и код имеют общий синтаксис .
Как и в других диалекта х
Lisp ’а , код записывается в виде списков , используя префиксную нотацию и представляя собой синтаксическое дерево .
Однако по сравнению с другими языками , в Clojure введены дополнительные сущности : кроме стандартных для Lisp ’а символов , базовых литералов ( строки , числа и т. п. ) и списков , в язык введен дополнительный синтаксис для векторов , отображений ( maps ) и множеств ( sets ) , являющихся объектами первого класса ( first class objects ) .
Кроме этого , процедура чтения кода ( reader ) распознает специфические для Clojure конструкции : @ — для доступа к изменяемым данным и различные конструкции , начинающиеся с символа # — анонимные функции , метаданные ( включая информацию о типах данных ) , регулярные выражения и т. д. Процедура чтения также рассматривает пробелы и запятые между элементами языка как один символ , разделяющий эти элементы .
3.1 Основные типы данны х
Данные в
Clojure можно разделить на две большие группы : базовые типы данных — числа , строки и т. д. , и последовательности ( коллекции ) , к которым относятся списки , векторы , отображения и множества .
Пользователь может определять свои структуры данных с помощью defstruct , но они являются частным случаем отображений и введены для обеспечения более эффективной работы со сложными данными .
Все типы данных имеют общий набор характеристик : данные неизменяемы и реализуют операцию « равенство » ( equality ) .
3.1.1 Базовые типы данны х
К базовым типам данны х Clojure относятся следующие :
логические значения : в языке определено два объекта для представления логических значений : true — для истинного значения и false — для ложного .
( Все остальные значения , кроме false и nil , рассматриваются как истинные ) ; числа : в языке могут использоваться числа разных типов .
По умолчанию для представления целых чисел используются классы , унаследованные от java.lang .
Number — Integer , BigInteger , BigDecimal , но в Clojure реализуется специальный подход , который позволяет представлять число наиболее эффективным способом , автоматически преобразуя числа в случае необходимости — например , при переполнении числа .
Если вы хотите для целого числа явно указать тип BigDecimal , то вы можете добавить букву M после значения .
Для чисел с плавающей точкой используется стандартный клас с Double .
Кроме этих видов чисел , в Clojure определен специальный тип Ratio , представляющий числа в виде рациональных дробей , что позволяет избегать ошибок округления — например , при делении .
строки в
Clojure являются экземплярами класса java.lang .
String и к ним можно применять различные функции определенные в этом классе .
Форма записи стро к
Clojure совпадает со стандартной записью строк в Java ; знаки ( characters ) являются экземплярами класса java.lang .
Character и записываются либо в форме \ N , где N — соответствующая буква , либо как названия для неотображаемых букв — например , как \ tab и \ space для символа табуляции и пробела и т. д. ; символы используются для ссылки на что -то — параметры функций , имена классов , глобальные переменные и т. д.
Для представления символа как отдельного объекта , а не как значения , для которого он используется в качестве имени , используется стандартная запись ’ symbol ( или специальная форма quote ) ; keywords ( ключевые символы ) — это специальные символы , имеющие значение самих себя4 , аналогично символам ( symbols ) в Lisp и Ruby .
Одним из важных их свойств является очень быстрая операция проверки на равенство , поскольку происходит проверка на равенство указателей .
Это свойство делает их очень удобными для использования в качестве ключей в отображениях ( maps ) и тому подобных вещах .
Для именованных аргументов существует специальная форма записи : keyword .
Стоит также отметить , что символы и keywords имеют некоторую общность — в рамках интерфейс а IFn для них создается функция invoke ( ) с одним аргументом , что позволяет использовать символы и keywords в качестве функции .
Например , конструкция ( : mykey my - hash - map ) или ( ’ mysym my - hash - map ) аналогичны вызову ( get my - hash - map : mykey ) или ( get my - hash - map ’ mysym ) , который приведет к извлечению значения с нужным ключом из соответствующего отображения .
В языке Clojure имеется специальное значение nil , которое может использоваться как значение любого типа данных , и совпадающее с null в Java .
nil может использоваться в условных конструкциях наравне со значением false .
Однако стоит отметить , что , в отличие от Lisp , nil и пустой список — ( ) не являются взаимозаменяемыми и использование пустого списка в условной конструкции будет рассматриваться как значение true ;
3.1.2 Коллекции , последовательности и массив ы
Кроме общих характеристик базовых типов перечисленных выше , все коллекции в
Clojure имеют следующие характеристики :
вся работа с коллекциями проводится через общий интерфейс ;
существует возможность связывания метаданных с коллекцией ;
для коллекций реализуются интерфейсы java.lang .
Iterable и java.util.
Collection , что позволяет работать с ними из Java ;
и , что позволяет работать с ними из Java ; все коллекции рассматриваются как « последовательности » данных , вне зависимости от конкретного представления данных внутри них .
Неизменяемость коллекций означает , что результатом работы всех операций по модификации коллекций является другая , новая коллекция , в то время как исходная коллекция остается неизменной .
В Clojure существует эффективный механизм , помогающий реализовывать неизменяемые коллекции .
С его помощью операции , изменяющие коллекцию , могут эффективно создавать « измененную » версию данных , которая использует большую часть исходных данных , не создавая полной копии .
В текущей верси и Clojure реализованы следующие основные виды коллекций :
списки ( lists ) записываются точно также как и в других реализация х Lisp .
В Clojure списки напрямую реализуют интерфейс ISeq , что позволяет функциям работы с последовательностями эффективно работать с ними .
( При использовании функции conj новые элементы списков добавляются в начало ) ; векторы ( vectors ) представляют собой последовательности , элементы которых индексируются целым числом ( с последовательными значениями индекса в диапазон е 0..N , где N — размер вектора ) .
Для определения вектора необходимо заключить его элементы в квадратные скобки , например , [ 1 2 3 ] .
Для преобразования других коллекций в вектор можно использовать функции vector или vec .
Поскольку вектор индексируется целым числом , то операция доступа к произвольному элементу реализуется достаточно эффективно , что удобно при работе с некоторыми видами данных .
( При использовании функции conj новые элементы векторов добавляются в конец . )
Кроме того , для вектора в
Clojure создается функция одного аргумента ( целого числа — индекса значения ) с именем , совпадающим с именем символа , связанным с вектором .
Это позволяет использовать имя вектора в качестве функции для доступа к нужному значению .
Например , вызов ( v 3 ) в данном коде : user > ( def v [ 1 2 3 4 5 " string " ] ) user > ( v 3 ) 4 вернет значение четвертого элемента вектора .
отображения ( maps ) — специальный вид последовательности , который отображает одни значения данных ( ключ ) в другие ( значения ) .
В Clojure существуют два вида отображений : hash - map и sorted - map , которые создаются с помощью соответствующих функций .
hash - map обеспечивает более быстрый доступ к данным , а sorted - map хранит данные в отсортированном по ключу виде .
Отображения записываются в виде набора значений ( с четным количеством элементов ) , заключенных в фигурные скобки .
Значения , стоящие на нечетных позициях рассматриваются как ключи , а на четных — как значения , связанные с данным ключом .
В качестве ключа могут использоваться любые поддерживаемы е
Clojure типы данных , но очень часто в качестве ключей используют keywords , поскольку для них реализована очень быстрая проверка на равенство .
Также как и для векторов , для отображений создается функция одного аргумента ( ключа ) , которая позволяет использовать имя символа , связанного с отображением , для доступа к элементам .
Например , user > ( def m {:1 1 :abc 33 : 2 " 2 " } ) # 'user / m user > ( m :abc ) 33 множества ( sets ) представляет собой набор уникальных значений .
Также как и для отображений , существует два вида множеств — hash - set и sorted - set .
Определение множества имеет следующий вид #{ elements ...} , а для создания множества из других коллекций может использоваться функция set , например , для получения множества уникальных значений вектора , можно использовать следующий код : user > ( set [ 1 2 3 2 1 2 3 ] ) #{1 2 3}
В Clojure также определены дополнительные виды отображений , позволяющие в специальных случаях добиться большей производительности :
отображения - структуры ( struct maps ) могут использоваться для эмуляции записей ( records ) , имеющихся в других языках программирования .
В этом случае отображения имеют набор одинаковых ключей и
Clojure реализует эффективное хранение информации о ключах , а также предоставляет быстрый доступ к элементам по ключу .
В случае необходимости , имеется возможность генерации специализированной функции доступа с помощью функции accessor .
Определение отображения - структуры производится с помощью макроса defstruct или функции create - struct .
Новые экземпляры отображений создаются с помощью функции struct - map или struct , которые получают список элементов для заполнения данного отображения .
При этом стоит отметить , что отображение - структура может иметь большее количество ключей , чем было определено в defstruct — в этом отношении , отображения - структуры ведут себя точно также , как и обычные отображения .
отображения -массивы ( array maps ) — специальный вид отображений , в котором сохраняется порядок ключей .
Такие отображения реализованы в виде обычного массива , содержащего ключи и значения .
Поиск в отображении является линейной функцией от количества элементов , и поэтому , такие отображения должны использоваться только для хранения небольшого количества элементов .
Новые отображения - массивы могут создаваться с помощью функции array - map .
Работа с коллекциями выполняется единообразно — для всех коллекций поддерживаются операции count для получения размера коллекции , conj для добавления элементов в коллекцию ( реализуетс я по разному , в зависимости от конкретного типа ) и seq для представления коллекции в виде последовательности — это позволяет применять к ним функции работы с последовательностями : cons , first , map и т. д. Функцию seq также можно использовать для преобразования в последовательности и коллекций Java .
Большая часть функций для работы с последовательностями является « ленивой » , обрабатывая данные по мере их надобности , что позволяет эффективно работать с данными большого размера , в том числе и с бесконечными последовательностями .
Пользователь может создавать свои функции , которые возвращают « ленивые » последовательности , с помощью макроса lazy - seq .
Также в версии 1.1 было введено понятие блоковых последовательностей ( chunked sequence ) , которые позволяют создавать элементы блоками по N элементов , что в некоторых случаях позволяет улучшить производительность .
Из общего ряда выпадает работа с массивами Java , поскольку они не являются коллекциями в терминах Clojure .
Для работы с массивами определен набор функций , которые позволяют определять массивы разных типов ( make - array , XXX - array , где XXX — название типа ) , получения ( aget ) и установки ( aset ) значений в массиве , преобразования коллекций в массив ( into - array ) и т. д.
3.1.3 « Ленивые » структуры данны х
Как уже упоминалось выше , большая часть структур данных в Clojure ( и функций для работы с этими структурами данных ) являются « ленивыми » ( lazy ) .
В языке имеется явная поддержка « ленивых » структур данных , позволяя программисту эффективно работать с ними .
Одним из достоинств поддержки « ленивых » структур данных является то , что можно реализовывать очень большие или бесконечные последовательности используя конечное количество памяти .
« Ленивые » последовательности и функции также могут использоваться для обхода ограничений , связанных с отсутствием оптимизации хвостовых вызовов в Clojure .
В Clojure программист может определить « ленивую » структуру данных воспользовавшись макросом lazy - seq .
Данный макрос в качестве аргумента принимает набор выражений , которые возвращают структуру данных , реализующую интерфейс ISeq .
Из этих выражений затем создается объект типа Seqable , который вызывается по мере необходимости , кешируя полученные результаты .
В качестве примера использования « ленивых » структур данных давайте рассмотрим создание бесконечной последовательности чисел Фибоначи :
( defn fibo ( [ ] ( concat [ 1 1 ] ( fibo 1 1 ) ) ) ( [ a b ] ( let [ n (+ a b ) ] ( lazy - seq ( cons n ( fibo b n ) ) ) ) ) )
В данном случае мы определяем функцию , которая при запуске без аргументов создает начальную последовательность из чисе л
1 и 1 и затем вызывает сама себя , передавая эти числа в качестве аргументов .
А функция двух аргументов обернута в вызов lazy - seq , который производит вычисление следующих чисел Фибоначи .
При этом мы можем определить переменную , которая , например , будет содержать первые сто миллионов чисе л Фибоначи :
user > ( def many - fibs ( take 100000000 ( fibo ) ) ) #'user / many - fibs
но поскольку мы работаем с « ленивыми » последовательностями , то значение будет создано мгновенно , без вычисления всех чисел Фибоначи .
А само вычисление чисел будет происходить по мере надобности .
Например , мы можем получить 55-е числ о Фибоначи с помощью следующего кода :
user > ( nth many - fibs 55 ) 225851433717
3.1.4 Переходные структуры данных ( transients )
При интенсивной работе с неизменяемыми коллекциями иногда возникает слишком много промежуточных объектов , что достаточно неэффективно .
В версии 1.1 появилась возможность временно использовать изменяемые коллекции данных используя переходные ( transient ) структуры данных .
Эта функциональность была специально введена в язык для оптимизации производительности .
Основная идея заключается в том , чтобы избежать ненужного копирования данных , что происходит когда вы работаете с неизменяемыми данными .
Стоит отметить , что не все структуры данных поддерживают эту возможность — в верси и 1.1.0 поддерживаются векторы , отображения и множества , а списки — нет , поскольку для них нет существенного выигрыша в производительности .
В общем виде работа с переходными структурами данных происходит следующим образом :
вы преобразуете стандартную структуру данных в переходную структуру ( вектор , отображение и т. д. ) с помощью функции transient , получающей один параметр — соответствующую структуру данных ;
, получающей один параметр — соответствующую структуру данных ; выполняете изменение структуры по месту ( inplace ) с помощью специальных функций assoc ! , conj ! и т. п. , которые аналогичны по действию соответствующим функциям , но без символа ! , но применяются только к переходным структурам данных ;
, и т. п. , которые аналогичны по действию соответствующим функциям , но без символа , но применяются только к переходным структурам данных ; после окончания обработки , превращаете переходную структуру данных в стандартную , неизменяемую структуру данных с помощью функции persistent ! .
Рассмотрим простой пример использования стандартных и переходных структур данных5 :
( defn vrange [ n ] ( loop [ i 0 v [ ] ] ( if (< i n ) ( recur ( inc i ) ( conj v i ) ) v ) ) ) ( defn vrange2 [ n ] ( loop [ i 0 v ( transient [ ] ) ] ( if (< i n ) ( recur ( inc i ) ( conj ! v i ) ) ( persistent ! v ) ) ) )
Обе функции создают вектор заданного размера , состоящий из чисел в диапазон е 0..n .
В первой функции используются стандартные , неизменяемые структуры данных , а во второй — переходные структуры данных .
Как видно из примера , во второй функции выполняются все требования к использованию переходных структур — сначала с помощью вызова ( transient [ ] ) создается ссылка на вектор , который затем заполняется с помощью функции conj ! , и в конце происходит возвращение неизменяемой структуры данных , созданной из переходной структуры с помощью вызова ( persistent ! v ) .
Если мы запустим обе функции с одинаковыми параметрами , то мы получим следующие результаты :
user > ( time ( def v ( vrange 1000000 ) ) )
" Elapsed time : 439.037 msecs " user > ( time ( def v2 ( vrange2 1000000 ) ) )
" Elapsed time : 110.861 msecs "
Как видно из этого примера , использование переходных структур дает достаточно большой выигрыш в производительности — примерно в четыре раза .
А на некоторых структурах данных выигрыш в производительности может быть больше .
Копирование исходных данных и создание неизменяемой структуры — это операции со сложностью O ( 1 ) , при этом происходит эффективное использование оригинальных данных .
Также стоит отметить , что использование переходных структур данных приводит к принудительной изоляции потока выполнения — изменяемые данные становятся недоступными из других потоков выполнения .
Более подробно о переходных структурах данных вы можете прочитать на сайте языка .
3.2 Базовые конструкции язык а
Синтаксис языка в общем виде ( за исключением специальных форм для отображений , векторов и других элементов ) совпадает с синтаксисом Common Lisp и Scheme — все описывается S - выражениями .
Код записывается в виде списков , используя префиксную нотацию , когда первым элементом списка является функция , макрос или специальная форм а6 , а остальные элементы — аргументы , которые будут переданы в это выражение .
Кроме списков , S - выражения могут состоять из атомов : чисел , строк , логических констант и т. д.
3.3 Объявление и связывание символо в
В Lisp ’е существуют объекты типа символ , которые в отличие от других языков представляют собой не просто имена переменных , а отделенные сущности .
То , что в других языках понимается как присваивание значения переменной ( с определенным именем , которое по сути является просто меткой области памяти ) , в Lisp ’е формулируется по другому — как связывание значения с символом , т. е. связывание двух объектов .
Через эти же понятия формулируется и подхо д Lisp ’а к типизации — значения имеют типы , а переменные — нет , поскольку переменная — это и есть пара символ - значение .
Если вы используете имя символа без маскирования ( специальна я форма quote , или ’ ) , то вместо символа будет подставлено значение , связанное с этим символом .
Если же вам нужно передать сам символ , то вы должны использовать запись ’ имя - символа .
Имеется два вида связывания символа со значением :
лексическое , когда значение привязано к символу только внутри тела одной формы , например let или fn .
Как раз тут и проявляется особенност ь
Clojure — функциональные переменные : внутри тела let нельзя установить значение используя set ! .
Можно считать , что в этом случае x — это псевдоним для значения 2 .
или .
Как раз тут и проявляется особенност ь
Clojure — функциональные переменные : внутри тела нельзя установить значение используя .
Можно считать , что в этом случае — это псевдоним для значения .
динамическое , когда значение привязывается к символу на время выполнения программы .
Как правило , в этом случае символ делается доступным глобально ( хотя в Common Lisp он может быть и локальным , но объявленным с помощью declare special ) .
Суть слова динамичность в том , что в любой момент и в любом месте символ может быть заново связан с другим значением , и значение будет « видно » при всех обращениях к этому символу в любых формах .
Такие динамические ( в данном случае и глобальные в рамках пространства имен ) символы определяются и связываются в
Clojure формой def , на основе которой затем строятся макросы defn , declare , defonce и т. д. Таким образом , например , имя функции привязывается к самому объекту функции , что будет видно на примере раскрытия макроса defn ниже .
Таким образом , говорится о двух областях видимости : лексической и динамической .
Нужно иметь в виду , что это не то же самое , что и локальные и глобальные переменные .
Хотя динамически связанные символы , как правило , глобальны , а лексически связанные — локальны .
А как быть в случае конфликта лексической и динамической привязки ?
В Common Lisp существует дуализм связывания , выраженный в специальной форме let , которая может связывать как лексические , так и специальные ( динамические ) символы .
Преимущество этой формы в том , что при такой привязке динамический символ как бы приобретает свойство лексического : его новое значение видно только во время выполнения тела let , в то время как в других формах доступно его « глобальное » значение .
Это очень мощная возможность , благодаря которой использование глобальных переменных в
Lisp не приводит к тем разрушительным последствиям , которые присутствуют в других языках ;
, которая может связывать как лексические , так и специальные ( динамические ) символы .
Преимущество этой формы в том , что при такой привязке динамический символ как бы приобретает свойство лексического : его новое значение видно только во время выполнения тела , в то время как в других формах доступно его « глобальное » значение .
Это очень мощная возможность , благодаря которой использование глобальных переменных в
Lisp не приводит к тем разрушительным последствиям , которые присутствуют в других языках ; В Clojure реализован тот же принцип за тем исключением , что разделены формы , выполняющие обычное лексическое связывание ( для лексических символов , которые теперь смело можно назвать локальными ) — let , и лексическое связывание для динамических символов — это форма binding .
Подробней об этом можно прочитать в обсуждени и « Let vs. Binding in Clojure » на StackOverflow.com .
Общая форма объявления « динамического » символа выглядит как ( def имя значение ? ) , при этом значение может не указываться и тогда символ будет несвязанным со значением .
Существуют разные макросы для объявления символов , которые выполняют определенные задачи , например , defonce позволяет объявить символ только один раз , и если он уже имеет значение , то новое значение будет проигнорировано .
А с помощью макроса declare можно выполнить опережающее определение ( forward declaration ) символа — это часто удобно при объявлении взаимно рекурсивных функций .
При объявлении символа можно указать метаданные , связанные с данным символом ( см. раздел 3.10 ) .
Для объявления « лексических » символов используется форма let , которая выглядит следующим образом : ( let [ и м я1 зна ч1 им я2 зн а ч 2 ....] код ) .
Например , выполнение следующего кода :
( let [ x 1 y 2 ] (+ x y ) )
выдаст значение 3 .
В этом случае переменные x и y видны только внутри формы (+ x y ) , и возможно маскируют значения переменных , объявленных на глобальном уровне , или выше по коду .
В некоторых случаях , программист может переопределить значение « динамического » символа для конкретного потока выполнения .
Это делается с помощью макроса binding , который переопределяет значение указанного символа для данного потока выполнения и всех вызываемых из него функций .
Например :
user > ( def x 10 ) user > ( def y 20 ) user > ( defn test - fn [ ] (+ x y ) ) user > ( test - fn ) 30 user > ( binding [ x 11 y 22 ] ( test - fn ) ) 33 user > ( let [ x 11 y 22 ] ( test - fn ) ) 30
В данном коде , если мы выполним test - fn на верхнем уровне кода , то получим значение 30 , равное сумме значений переменных x и y .
А если эта функция будет вызвана из binding , то мы получим значени е 33 , равное сумме переменных объявленных в binding .
Данные значения изменяются только для текущего потока выполнения , и только для кода , который будет вызван из binding .
После завершения выполнения кода в этой форме все предыдущие значения восстанавливаются .
А при использовании let значения x и y не воздействуют на функцию test - fn , и в ней используются « глобальные » значения , давая в результат е 30 .
Стоит быть осторожным при использовании функций работы с последовательностями внутри binding , поскольку они возвращают « ленивые » последовательности , данные в которых будут вычисляться уже вне binding .
3.4 Управляющие конструкци и
Для управления потоком выполнения программы в
Clojure имеется некоторое количество специальных форм , на основе которых затем строятся остальные примитивы языка , управляющие выполнением программы .
Для организации последовательного выполнения нескольких выражений существует специальная форма do , которой передаются выражения , которые вычисляются последовательно , и результат вычисления последнего выражения возвращается как результат do .
Использование do похоже на использование let без объявления переменных .
do часто используется в ветках условных выражений , когда необходимо выполнить несколько выражений вместо одного .
3.4.1 Условные оператор ы
Для обработки простых условий используется конструкция if , которая является специальной формой .
На основе if затем строятся остальные конструкции — when , when - not , cond и т. д. if выглядит стандартно для Lisp ’образных языков : ( if условие t- выражени е f-выражение ? ) , т. е. если условие вычисляется в истинное значение , то выполняется выражение t- выражение , иначе — выражение f-выражение ( оно может не указываться , что используется в макросе when ) .
Результаты вычисления одного из этих выражений возвращаются в качестве результата if .
Макрос cond позволяет проверить сразу несколько условий .
По своему синтаксису он отличается от cond в Common Lisp и Scheme , и в общем виде записывается как ( cond услов и е1 выражени е1 услови е2 выражени е2 ... : else выражение - по- умолчанию ) .
Заметьте , что дополнительных скобок вокруг пары услови еN выражени еN не требуется .
Например :
( defn f1 [ n ] ( cond ( number ? n ) " number " ( string ? n ) " string " : else " unknown " ) )
выражение : else не является ключевым словом языка и введено исключительно для удобства использования — вместо него можно использовать значение true .
3.4.2 Циклы и рекурсивные функци и
Для организации цикло в
Clojure имеет несколько специальных форм , функций и макросов .
Поскольку JVM имеет некоторые ограничения , не позволяющие реализовать оптимизацию хвостовых вызовов ( Tail Call Optimization , TCO ) , то это накладывает ограничения на способ реализации некоторых алгоритмов , которые обычно реализуются чере з
TCO в Scheme и других языках , поддерживающих эту оптимизацию .
Явные циклы организуются с помощью специальных форм loop и recur .
Объявление loop похоже на let , но при этом имеется возможность повторного выполнения выражений , путем вызова recur 7 с тем же числом аргументов , которые были объявлены в списке переменных loop — обычно это новые значения цикла .
Вот простой пример — реализация функции вычисления факториала с помощью loop / recur ( здесь нет проверки на отрицательный аргумент ) :
( defn factorial [ n ] ( loop [ cnt n acc 1 ] ( if ( zero? cnt ) acc ( recur ( dec cnt ) ( * acc cnt ) ) ) ) )
В данном случае объявляется цикл с двумя переменными cnt и acc , которые получают начальные значения n и 1 .
Цикл прекращается , когда cnt будет равен нулю — в этом случае возвращается накопленное значение , хранящееся в переменной acc .
Если cnt больше нуля , то цикл начинается снова , уменьшая значение cnt , и увеличивая значение acc .
В большинстве случаев явный цикл по элементам последовательности можно заменить на вызов функций reduce , map , filter или макроса раскрытия списков ( list comprehension ) for .
Функция reduce реализует операцию « свертка » ( fold ) , и используется при реализации многих функций , таких как функции + , - , import и т. д.
Для примера с факториалом , код становится значительно проще , чем в предыдущем примере :
( defn fact - reduce [ n ] ( reduce * ( range 1 ( inc n ) ) ) )
Существует еще один метод оптимизации потребления стека при использовании взаимно рекурсивных функций — функция trampoline .
Она получает в качестве аргумента функцию и аргументы для нее , и если переданная функция возвращает в качестве результата функцию , то возвращенная функция вызывается уже без аргументов .
Вот пример определения четности числа , написанная для использования с trampoline :
( declare t- odd ? t- even ? ) ( defn t-odd ? [ n ] ( if ( = n 0 ) false # ( t - even ? ( dec n ) ) ) ) ( defn t- even ? [ n ] ( if ( = n 0 ) false #( t - odd ? ( dec n ) ) ) )
Единственными отличиями от « стандартных » версий является то , что функции возвращают анонимные функции ( строки 5 и 9 ) .
Если мы вызовем одну из этих функций с большим аргументом , например , вот так : ( trampoline t- even ? 1000000 ) , то вычисление произойдет без ошибки переполнения стека , в отличие от версии , которая не использует trampoline .
Стоит также отметить , что достаточно часто рекурсивные функции можно преобразовать в функции , производящие « ленивые » последовательности , как это было показано в разделе 3.1.3 .
Это положительно сказывается на производительности кода и потреблении памяти .
Clojure поддерживает работу с исключениями ( exceptions ) , которые часто используются в коде на Java .
Специальная форма throw в качестве аргумента получает выражение , результат вычисления которого будет использован в качестве объекта -исключения8 .
Для выполнения выражений и перехвата исключений , которые могут возникнуть во время выполнения кода , используется специальная форма try .
Форма try записывается следующим образом : ( try выражения * ( catch имя - класса аргумент выражения* ) * ( finally выражения* ) ? ) .
Блоки catch позволяют обрабатывать разные исключения в одном выражении try .
А форма finally может использоваться для выражений , которые должны выполняться , и для случаев нормального завершения кода , и если произошел выброс исключения — например , для закрытия файлов и подобных этому задач .
Если мы введем следующий код :
( try ( / 1 0 ) ( println " not executed " ) ( catch ArithmeticException ex ( println ( str " exception caught ... " ex ) ) ) ( finally ( println " finally is called " ) ) )
то на экран будет выведено следующее :
exception caught ...
java.lang.ArithmeticException : Divide by zero finally is called
т. е. мы перехватили исключение и вывели его на экран , а затем выполнили выражение , указанное в блоке finally .
При этом выражения , стоящие после строки приводящей к ошибке — ( println " not executed " ) , не выполняются .
Функции в общем случае создаются с помощью макроса fn .
Для объявления функций на верхнем ( « глобальном » ) уровне пространства имен используются макросы defn или defn- , которые раскрываются в запись вида ( def имя - функции ( fn ... ) ) .
Второй макрос отличается от первого только тем , что функция будет видна только в текущем пространстве имен .
Например , следующие объявления являются одинаковыми :
( def func1 ( fn [ x y ] (+ x y ) ) ) ( defn func2 [ x y ] (+ x y ) )
В общем виде объявление функции с помощью fn выглядит как ( fn имя ? [ аргументы*] условия ? выражения+ ) .
Функция также может иметь разные наборы аргументов ( разное число параметров ) — тогда объявление будет выглядеть как ( fn имя ? ( [ аргументы * ] условия ? выражения+ ) + ) .
Например , объявление функции :
( defn func3 ( [ x ] " one argument " ) ( [ x y ] " two arguments " ) ( [ x y z ] " three arguments " ) )
позволяет вызывать ее с одним , двумя или тремя аргументами9 .
Программист также может определить функцию , имеющую переменное число параметров , если укажет знак амперсанд ( & ) перед аргументом , в который будут помещены оставшиеся параметры .
Например , следующий код :
user > ( defn func4 [ x y & z ] z ) user > ( func4 1 2 ) nil user > ( func4 1 2 3 4 ) ( 3 4 )
объявит функцию func4 , имеющую два обязательных параметра — x и y , а остальные параметры будут помещены в список , который будет передан как аргумент z .
Для объявления небольших анонимных функций используется специальная запись #( выражения + ) , а доступ к аргументам производится с помощью специальных переменны х % 1 , % 2 и т. д. , или просто % , если функция принимает один параметр .
Например , следующие выражения эквивалентны :
(#(+ %1 %2 ) 10 20 ) ( ( fn [ x y ] (+ x y ) ) 10 20 )
оба этих выражения возвращают одно и то же число .
Специальная запись удобна , когда вам надо передать функцию в качестве аргумента , например , для функции map или filter .
Начиная с версии 1.1 , при объявлении функции можно указывать пред- и постусловия , которые будут применяться к аргументам и результату .
Эта функциональность реализует концепцию « контрактного программирования » .
Пред- и постусловия задаются как метаданные : pre и : post , которые указываются после списка аргументов .
Каждое из условий состоит из вектора анонимных функций , которые должны вернуть false в случае ошибочных данных .
Например , рассмотрим следующую функцию :
( defn constrained - sqr [ x ] {:pre [ ( pos ? x ) ] : post [ (> % 16 ) , (< % 225 ) ] } (* x x ) )
Данная функция принимает в качестве аргументов только положительные числа — условие ( pos? x ) , в диапазон е
5..14 — условие (> % 16 ) , (< % 225 ) , иначе будет выдана ошибка проверки аргументов или результата .
В Clojure имеется набор функций , которые позволяют создавать новые функции на основе существующих .
Функция partial используется для создания функций с меньшим количеством аргументов путем подстановки части параметров ( каррирование ) , а функция comp создает новую функцию из нескольких функций ( композиция функций ) :
user > ( defn sum [ x y ] (+ x y ) ) user > ( def add - 5 ( partial sum 5 ) ) user > ( add - 5 10 ) 15 user > ( def my - second ( comp first rest ) ) user > ( my- second [ 1 2 3 4 5 ] ) 2
В первом примере мы создаем функцию , которая будет прибавлять число 5 к переданному ей аргументу .
А во втором примере , мы создаем функцию , эмулирующую функцию second , которая сначала применяет функцию rest к переданным ей аргументам , а затем применяет к результатам функцию first .
Хороший пример использования функций comp и partial можно увидеть в скринкасте Point Free Clojure .
Макросы — это мощное средство уменьшения сложности кода , позволяющие строить проблемно - ориентированную среду на основе базового языка .
Макросы активно используются в
Clojure , и множество конструкций , составляющих язык , определены как макросы на основе ограниченного количества специальных форм и функций , реализованных в ядре языка .
Макросы в Clojure смоделированы по образцу макросов в Common Lisp , и являются функциями , которые выполняются во время компиляции кода .
В результате выполнения этих функций должен получиться код , который будет подставлен на место вызова макроса .
Основная разница заключается в синтаксисе .
В общем виде определение макроса выглядит следующим образом :
( defmacro name doc-string ?
attr-map ? ( [ params * ] body ) + )
описание макроса ( документация ) — doc-string ?
и список атрибутов — attr-map ?
являются не обязательными , а список параметров и тело макроса могут указываться несколько раз , что позволяет определять макросы с переменным числом аргументов также , как и при объявлении функций ( см. пример ниже ) .
Тело макроса должно представлять собой список выражений языка , результат выполнения которых будет подставлен на место использования макроса в виде списк а
Clojure , содержащего набор операций .
Этот список может быть сформирован с помощью операций над списками — этот подход используется в простых случаях , так что вы можете сформировать тело макроса , используя операции list , cons и т. д. Хорошим примером этого подхода является макрос when , показанный ниже .
Другим подходом является маскирование ( quote ) всего выражения , с раскрытием только нужных частей кода .
Для этого используется специальный синтаксис записи ` ( обратная кавычка ) , внутри которого можно использовать ~ ( тильда ) для подстановки значений ( аналогичн о операции , ( запятая ) в Common Lisp ) .
Для подстановки списка не целиком , а поэлементно , используется синтаксис : ~ @ .
Хорошим примером второго подхода является макрос and , приведенный далее .
При работе с макросами очень полезными являются функции macroexpand - 1 и macroexpand , которые производят раскрытие заданного макроса , что позволяет программисту проверять корректность кода , используемого в макросах .
Отличие между этими функциями заключается в том , что первая функция раскрывает макрос один раз , выполняя подстановки , но возможно возвращая код , который использует другие макросы .
В то время как функция macroexpand — раскрывает макрос рекурсивно , раскрывая все использованные макросы .
Рассмотрим подстановки имен и значений более детально .
Допустим , у нас есть две переменные — x со значением 2 , и y , представляющая собой список из трех элементов — ( 4 5 6 ) .
Если мы попытаемся раскрыть разные выражения , то мы будем получать разные результаты :
user > ( def x 2 ) user > ( def y ' ( 4 5 6 ) ) user > `( list 1 x 3 ) ( list 1 user / x 3 ) user > `( list 1 ~x 3 ) ( list 1 2 3 ) user > `( list 1 ~y 3 ) ( list 1 ( 4 5 6 ) 3 ) user > `( list 1 ~@y 3 ) ( list 1 4 5 6 3 )
В первом случае мы не выполняем никакой подстановки , поэтому x подставляется как символ .
Во втором случае мы раскрываем выражение , подставляя значение символа и получая выражение ( list 1 2 3 ) .
В третьем случае у нас подставляется значение символа y в виде списка , в отличие от четвертого выражения , когда значение списка поэлементно подставляется ( spliced ) в выражение в раскрытом виде .
3.6.1 Примеры макросо в
В качестве простого примера рассмотрим макрос when , определенный в базовой библиотеке :
( defmacro when " Evaluates test .
If logical true , evaluates body in an implicit do . " [ test & body ] ( list 'if test ( cons ' do body ) ) )
Данный макрос принимает один обязательный аргумент — условие test , а остальные аргументы рассматриваются как набор выражений , которые будут выполнены , если условие вернет истинное значение .
Для того , чтобы можно было указать несколько выражений в качестве тела макроса , они обертываются в конструкцию do .
Если мы воспользуемся macroexpand для раскрытия макроса , то для конструкции вида :
( when ( pos? a ) ( println " positive " ) ( / b a ) )
мы получим следующий код :
( if ( pos? a ) ( do ( println " positive " ) ( / b a ) ) )
when — это достаточно простой макрос .
Более сложные макросы могут создавать переменные , иметь разное количество аргументов , и т. д. Например , макрос and , определенный следующим образом :
( defmacro and " Evaluates exprs one at a time , from left to right .
If a form returns logical false ( nil or false ) , and returns that value and does n't evaluate any of the other expressions , otherwise it returns the value of the last expr. ( and ) returns true . " ( [ ] true ) ( [ x ] x ) ( [ x & next ] `( let [ and # ~x ] ( if and # ( and ~@next ) and # ) ) ) )
имеет три разных раскрытия для разного количества аргументов , при этом , если макросу передано больше одного аргумента , то он рекурсивно вызывает сам себя .
Мы можем увидеть это , раскрыв макрос для разных наборов аргументов :
user > ( macroexpand '( and ) ) true user > ( macroexpand '( and ( = 1 2 ) ) ) ( = 1 2 ) user > ( macroexpand '( and ( = 1 2 ) ( = 3 3 ) ) ) ( let * [ and__4457__auto__ ( = 1 2 ) ] ( if and__4457__auto__ ( clojure.core / and ( = 3 3 ) ) and__4457__auto__ ) )
В этом примере вызов макроса без параметров приводит к подстановке значения true .
При использовании одного параметра - выражения подставляется само выражение .
А если параметров больше одного , то формируется форма let , в которой вычисляется первое выражение и связывается с переменной с уникальным именем ( сгенерированны м автоматически ) , а затем проверяется значение этой переменной .
Если это значение истинное , то макрос вызывается еще раз , получая в качестве аргументов список параметров без первого элемента .
А в том случае , если выражение не истинное , возвращается результат вычисления .
В макросе and для избежания конфликтов с кодом пользователя используется генерация уникальных имен переменных .
Для этого используется специальный синтаксис prefix # , который создает уникальное имя , начинающееся с заданного префикса ( в нашем случае имя начинается с and ) .
В версии 1.1 была введена поддержка шаблонов ( templates ) , которые могут использоваться с следующих случаях :
когда нужны простые текстовые подстановки ;
когда подстановки нужны только в конкретном пространстве имен ;
когда нет возможности использовать функции высшего порядка для выполнения данной задачи .
Рассмотрим как это работает .
Пространство имен clojure .
template определяет два макроса : apply - template — предназначен для использования в других макросах , и do - template — для использования в обычном коде .
Оба этих макроса имеют общую форму : ( do - template argv expr & values ) , где первым параметром указывается вектор параметров argv , которые будут подставляться в выражение expr , а в заключение идет список значений values , которые будут подставлены в выражение вместо соответствующих параметров .
Необходимо помнить , что длина values должна быть кратной длине вектора argv , иначе остающиеся значения будут просто проигнорированы .
Рассмотрим пример с генерацией кода для тестов , взятый из скринкаста про работу с шаблонами .
( do - template [ input result ] ( is (= ( first input ) result ) ) [ :a :b : c ] :a " abc " \a ( quote ( : a :b : c ) ) :a)
Это выражение будет раскрыто в следующий код ( вы можете проверить это с помощью macroexpand - 1 ) :
( do ( is ( = ( first [ : a :b : c ] ) :a ) ) ( is (= ( first " abc " ) \ a ) ) ( is (= ( first '( :a :b : c ) ) : a ) ) )
В данном случае у нас имеются следующие объекты : argv имеет значение [ input result ] , expr равен ( is (= ( first input ) result ) , а values — [ :a :b : c ] :a .... .
При раскрытии происходит следующее : берутся первы е N значений из списка values ( N — длина args ) , и подставляются на места соответствующих параметров в выражении expr , затем берутся следующи е N значений , и т. д. , до тех пор , пока список значений не будет исчерпан .
Так же как и Common Lisp , Clojure поддерживает использование мультиметодов , которые позволяют организовать диспетчеризацию вызовов функций в зависимости от аргументов .
Синтаксис мультиметодов немного отличается , и вместо defgeneric используется макрос defmulti , а в остальном принцип работы схож с CLOS .
Объявление функции , которая будет вести себя по разному в зависимости от аргументов , производится с помощью макроса defmulti .
Данный макрос получает в качестве аргументов имя объявляемой функции , функцию диспетчеризации ( которая должна вернуть значение , служащее ключом диспетчеризации ) и список опций , определяющих способ диспетчеризации .
После объявления функции , пользователь может добавлять реализации с помощью макроса defmethod , который получает в качестве аргументов имя функции , значение по которому будет производиться диспетчеризация ( часто это имя класса ) , список аргументов и тело функции .
Например , если мы объявим следующую функцию , которая выполняет диспетчеризацию по типу переданного значения ( с помощью функции class ) :
( defmulti foo class ) ( defmethod foo java.util.
Collection [ c ] : a- collection ) ( defmethod foo String [ s ] : a- string ) ( defmethod foo Object [ u ] : a- unknown )
и попробуем применить ее к разным аргументам , то мы получим следующие результаты :
user > ( foo [ ] ) : a- collection user > ( foo #{ :a 1} ) : a- collection user > ( foo " str " ) : a- string user > ( foo 1 ) :a-unknown
Но этот пример является достаточно простым и похож на стандартную диспетчеризацию в ОО - языках .
Clojure предоставляет возможность диспетчеризации вызова в зависимости от значения аргументов , а также других признаков .
Например , мы можем определить мультиметод с собственной функцией диспетчеризации , которая вызывает разные функции в зависимости от переданного значения :
( defn my - bar - fn [ n ] ( cond ( not ( number ? n ) ) : not - number ( = n 2 ) : number - 2 ( >= n 5 ) : number - 5- ge : else : number - 5-lt ) ) ( defmulti bar my - bar - fn ) ( defmethod bar : not - number [ n ] " not a number " ) ( defmethod bar : number - 2 [ n ] " number is 2 " ) ( defmethod bar : number - 5 - ge [ n ] " number is 5 or greater " ) ( defmethod bar : number - 5 - lt [ n ] " number is less than 5 " )
и , вызывая этот мультиметод , мы получим соответствующие значения :
user > ( bar 2 ) " number is 2 " user > ( bar 5 ) " number is 5 or greater " user > ( bar - 1 ) " number is less than 5 " user > ( bar " string " ) " not a number "
В Clojure имеется набор функций для работы с иерархиями классов : получения информации об отношениях между классами — parents , ancestors , descendants ; проверки принадлежности одного класса к иерархии классов — isa ?
и т. д. Программист также может создавать свои иерархии классов , используя функцию make - hierarchy , и определять отношения между классами с помощью функции derive .
Например , следующий код :
( derive java.util.Map ::collection ) ( derive java.util.Collection ::collection )
устанавливает :: collection в качестве родителя классов java.util .
Map и java.util.
Collection , что позволяет изменять существующие иерархии классо в10 .
В том случае , если имеется перекрытие аргументов , и Clojure не может выбрать соответствующую функцию , то программист может выбрать наиболее подходящий метод с помощью функции prefer - method .
Другие примеры и дополнительную информацию о мультиметодах и иерархиях классов вы можете найти на сайте .
3.9 Пространства имен и библиотек и
Пространства имен ( namespaces ) используются в
Clojure для организации кода и данных .
По своему характеру , пространства имен аналогичны пакетам ( packages ) в Common Lisp , и наиболее часто они используются при создании библиотек кода .
Пространства имен являются объектами первого класса ( first class objects ) , и могут динамически изменяться — создаваться , удаляться , изменяться , их можно перечислять и т. д. Пользователь может управлять видимостью символов используя метаданные , или специальные макросы , такие как defn- , который определяет функцию , видимую только в текущем пространстве имен .
При работе в REPL , все символы определяемые пользователем помещаются в пространство имен user .
Пользователь может переключиться в другое пространство имен с помощью функции in - ns и/или подключить символы из других пространств имен с помощью функций use , require и import .
Имя текущего пространства имен можно всегда найти в специальной переменной * ns* , которая автоматически устанавливается макросом ns и функцией in - ns .
Наиболее часто используемыми функциями при работе с пространствами имен являются :
use — помещает в текущее пространство имен символы ( все , или только указанные ) из другого пространства имен , в том числе и находящихся в других библиотеках , загружая их при необходимости ; require — загружает заданные библиотеки , но не помещает символы , определенные в них , в текущее пространство имен ; import — используется для библиотек JVM и импортирует заданные классы из указанного пакета .
Каждая из этих функций имеет разное количество параметров , описание которых можно найти в документации .
В качестве пример давайте рассмотрим следующий код :
( use ' clojure.contrib.str-utils ) ( require ' clojure.contrib.lazy-xml ) ( require '[ clojure.contrib.str-utils2 :as str2 ] ) ( import ' org.apache.commons.io.FileUtils ) ( import '( java.io File InputStream ) )
Первая строка загружает библиотек у clojure.contrib.str-utils
и помещает все определенные в ней символы в текущее пространство имен .
Вторая строка загружает библиотек у clojure.contrib.lazy-xml , но для доступа к ее объектам , необходимо использовать полное имя символа , включающее название пространства имен .
Третья строка также загружает библиотеку , но создает псевдоним для названия пространства имен , что позволяет использовать более короткое имя символа , например , str2 / butlast .
Четвертый пример импортирует один класс ( FileUtils ) из пакета org.apache.commons.io , а в пятой строке мы видим как можно импортировать несколько классов из одного пакета .
При написании кода , лучше всего определять пространство имен с помощью макроса ns , который выполняет всю работу по созданию пространства имен , а также позволяет указать список импортируемых классов ( используя import ) , используемых пространств имен ( используя use ) , и т. п. операции , включая генерацию новых классов , с помощью get - class .
В общей форме , использование макроса ns выглядит следующим образом :
( ns name ( : require [ my.cool.lib : as mcl ] ) ( :use my.lib2 ) ( : import ( java - package Class ) ) .... more options )
Данный код определяет пространство имен name , импортирует в него клас с
Class из пакета java - package , импортирует библиотеку my .
lib2 и определяет псевдоним mcl для библиотеки my.cool.lib .
Опции , указываемые в макросе ns , совпадают с опциями соответствующих функций .
Более подробное описание вы можете найти в документации .
Описание дополнительных операций , которые можно производить с пространствами имен , вы можете найти в официальной документации .
Одним из интересных свойст в
Clojure является возможность связывания произвольных метаданных с символами , определенными в коде .
Некоторые функции и макросы позволяют указывать определенные метаданные для управления видимостью символов , указания типов данных , документации и т. п. Стоит отметить , что наличие метаданных никак не влияет на значения , связанные с символом .
Например , если мы имеем два отображения , с одинаковым содержимым , но разными метаданными , то эти отображения будут эквивалентны между собой .
Для указания метаданных используется специальный синтаксис , который распознается функцией чтения кода .
Эта функция переходит в режим чтения метаданных , если она встречает строку #^ .
После этой строки может быть указано либо название типа , например , #^ Integer , либо отображение , перечисляющее ключ метаданных и значение , связанное с данным ключом .
Стоит отметить , что явное указание типов программистом помогает компилятору сгенерировать более компактный код , что в свою очередь ведет к увеличению производительности программ .
Некоторые специальные формы , такие как def и т. п. , имеют определенный набор названий ключей метаданных , которые могут изменять поведение определяемого символа .
Например , следующий код :
( defn # ^{ :doc " my function " : tag Integer : private true} my - func [ # ^Integer x ] (+ x 10 ) )
определяет функцию my - func , которая получает и возвращает целое число ( форм а #^ Integer при указании аргументов функции , и атрибут : tag для возвращаемого значения ) , имеет строку описания my function , и видима только в текущем пространстве имен , поскольку атрибут : private имеет истинное значение .
Если мы прочитаем метаданные данной функции :
user > ( meta #'my - func ) {:ns #< Namespace user > , : name my - func , : file " NO_SOURCE_FILE " , : line 1 , :arglists ( [ x ] ) , : doc " my function " , : tag java.lang .
Integer , : private true}
то мы увидим , что интерпретатор добавил дополнительные данные , такие как :ns , : file и т. д.
Это выполняется для всех символо в
Разработчик имеет возможность считывания и изменения метаданных символов с помощью функций .
Функция meta возвращает отображение , содержащее все имеющиеся метаданные .
А с помощью функции with - meta можно добавить или изменить метаданные заданного символа .
4 Конкурентное программировани е
Помимо стандартных средств Java , предназначенных для выполнения кода в отдельных потоках выполнения , Clojure имеет в своем арсенале собственные средства конкурентного выполнения кода ( pmap и pcalls ) , выполнения кода в отдельном потоке , используя механизм future и синхронизации между потоками с помощью promise .
pmap — это параллельный вариант функции map , который может использоваться в тех случаях , когда функция - параметр не имеет побочных эффектов , и требует достаточно больших затрат на вычисление .
Функция pcalls позволяет вычислить результат нескольких функций в параллельном режиме , возвращая последовательность их результатов в качестве результата выполнения функции .
4.1 future & promise
Достаточно часто при разработке приложений возникает необходимость выполнения долго работающего кода одновременно с выполнением других задач .
Для более простой работы с таким кодом , в версии 1.1 было введено понятие future .
future позволяет программисту выделить некоторый код в отдельный поток выполнения , который выполняется параллельно с основным кодом .
Результат выполнения future затем сохраняется , и может быть получен с помощью операции deref ( @ ) .
Эта операция может заблокировать выполнение основного кода , если работа future еще не завершилась — в этом future похож на promise , который описан ниже .
Значение , установленное при выполнении future сохраняется , и при последующих обращениях к нему , возвращается сразу , без вычисления .
Рассмотрим простой пример :
( def future - test ( future ( do ( Thread / sleep 10000 ) : finished ) ) )
Тут создается объект future , в котором выполняется задержка на 10 секунд , а затем устанавливается значение : finished .
Если мы обратимся к объекту future - test до завершения операции , то мы будем ожидать завершения указанного блока кода .
Но в отличие от promise , future имеет больше возможностей — вы можете проверить , закончилось ли выполнение кода с помощью функции future - done ? , что позволяет избежать блокирования в случае обращения к еще не закончившейся операции .
Кроме того , вы можете отменить выполнение операции с помощью функции future - cancel и проверить , не была ли отменена операция , с помощью функции future - cancelled ? .
Иногда возникают ситуации , когда один поток исполнения должен передать какие - то данные другому .
Это может быть организовано с помощью promise , которые в некоторых вещах похожи на future .
Общая схема работы следующая : в одном потоке выполнения вы создаете некоторый объект с помощью promise , выполняете работу и затем с помощью deliver устанавливаете значение объекта .
Результат , сохраненный в объекте , может быть получен с помощью операции deref ( @ ) и не может быть изменен после установки с помощью deliver .
Но если вы попробуете обратиться к значению , сохраненному в объекте , до того , как оно будет установлено , то ваш поток выполнения будет заблокирован , и возобновит работу только после установки значения .
Однако после того как значение было установлено , его получение будет производиться уже без выполнения кода , использующегося для его вычисления .
Рассмотрим следующий пример :
( def p ( promise ) ) ( do ( future ( Thread / sleep 5000 ) ( deliver p : fred ) ) @p )
В первой строке мы создаем объект p , который затем используется для синхронизации в блоке do .
Если мы выполним код в блоке do , то выполнение затормозится на 5 секунд , поскольку поток выполнения , созданный future , еще не установил значение .
А после окончания ожидания и установки значения с помощью deliver , операция @p сможет получить установленное значение равное : fred .
Если мы попробуем выполнить операцию @p еще раз , то мы сразу получим установленное значение .
4.2 Работа с изменяемыми данным и
Хотя по умолчанию переменные в
Clojure неизменяемые , язык предоставляет возможность работать с изменяемыми переменными в рамках четко определенных моделей взаимодействия — как синхронных , так и асинхронны х11 .
Сочетание неизменяемых данных с механизмами обновления данных ( через ссылки , атомы и агенты ) создает очень удобную среду для многопотокового программирования , что становится все более актуальным , поскольку число ядер в современных процессорах продолжает расти .
Имеющиеся средства для работы с изменяемыми данными можно классифицировать по нескольким параметрам , как показано в следующей таблице :
Синхронное Асинхронное Координированное ref Независимое atom agent Изолированное var
В Clojure имеется три механизма синхронного обновления данных и один — асинхронного .
Наиболее часто в коде используются ссылки ( ref ) , которые предоставляют возможность синхронного обновления данных в рамках транзакций , и агенты ( agent ) , которые реализуют механизмы асинхронного обновления данных .
Кроме этого , существуют еще атомы , рассмотренные ниже , и « переменные » ( var ) .
« Переменные » имеют « глобальное » ( root ) значение , которое определено для всех потоков выполнения , но это значение можно переопределять для отдельных потоков выполнения , используя binding или set ! .
Хорошим примером использования возможносте й
Clojure в части работы с изменяемыми данными в многопоточных программах является пример « муравьи » ( ants ) , которы й Rich Hickey продемонстрировал в видеолекции « Clojure Concurrency » , в котоой рассказывается о возможностя х
Clojure в части конкурентного программирования .
Еще один хороший пример использовани я
Clojure для таких задач можно найти в серии стате й Tim Bray .
Синхронное изменение данных производится через ссылки на объекты данных .
Изменение ссылок можно проводить только в рамках явно обозначенных транзакций .
Изменение нескольких ссылок в рамках транзакци и12 является атомарной операцией , обеспечивающей целостность данных и выполняемой в изоляции ( atomicity , consistency , isolation ) — ACI ( аналогично свойствам транзакций в базах данных , но без долговечности ( durability ) ) .
Изменение данных с помощью ссылок возможно благодаря использованию Software Transactional Memory , которая обеспечивает целостность данных при работе с ними из нескольких потоков выполнения .
Описание принципов работы STM , вместе с подробным описанием ее реализации в
Clojure , вы можете найти в статье Software Transactional Memory Марка Волкманна ( R. Mark Volkmann ) .
Чтобы обновить какой - то объект , необходимо сначала объявить его с использованием функции ref , а изменение затем выполняется с помощью операций alter , commute или ref-set , которые находятся внутри блоков dosync или io ! , запускающих новую транзакцию .
Доступ к данным на чтение осуществляется с помощью оператора deref ( или специального макроса процедуры чтения — @ ) .
При этом операции чтения не видят результатов еще не закончившихся транзакций .
Необходимо помнить о том , что транзакция может быть запущена повторно ( retried ) , и это надо учитывать в функциях , вызываемых из функций alter или ref-set .
Рассмотрим , например , код для управления набором счетчиков ( например , для сбора статистики по каким - то действиям ) :
( def counters ( ref {} ) ) ( defn add - counter [ key val ] ( dosync ( alter counters assoc key val ) ) ) ( defn get - counter [ key ] ( @counters key 0 ) ) ( defn increment - counter [ key ] ( dosync ( alter counters assoc key ( inc ( @counters key 0 ) ) ) ) ) ( defn rm- counter [ key ] ( let [ value ( @counters key ) ] ( if value ( do ( dosync ( alter counters dissoc key ) ) value ) 0 ) ) )
Загрузим этот код , выполним несколько функций и посмотрим на состояние переменной counters после выполнения каждой из функций :
user > @counters {} user > ( dosync ( add- counter :a 1 ) ( add- counter :b 2 ) ) user > @counters {:b 2 , :a 1} user > ( dosync ( increment - counter : a ) ( increment - counter : b ) ) user > @counters {:a 2 , :b 3}
Это простой пример , показывающий координированное изменение данных разных счетчиков , но эти функции можно использовать в разных потоках выполнения без страха потерять или получить неправильные данные .
Для обеспечения корректности данных , сохраняемых по ссылке , программист может установить функцию - валидатор .
Это выполняется с помощью функции set-validator !
( или сразу , при создании ссылки ) , которая получает два аргумента — ссылку и функцию - валидатор для данной ссылки .
В том случае , если программист устанавливает некорректное значение , функция - валидатор должна вернуть ложное значение или выбросить исключение .
Например , чтобы запретить отрицательные значения счетчиков , мы можем использовать следующую функцию -валидатор :
( set - validator !
counters ( fn [ st ] ( or ( empty ? st ) ( not-any ? #( neg ? ( second % ) ) st ) ) ) )
и если пользователь попробует установить отрицательное значение счетчика , то Clojure выдаст ошибку .
Кроме этого , при работе с ссылками вы можете использовать так называемые функции - наблюдатели , которые позволяют получать информацию об изменениях состояния .
Для добавления функции - наблюдателя вы можете воспользоваться функцией add - watch , которая принимает в качестве аргумента функцию , которая будет вызвана при изменении состояния , и ей будут переданы предыдущее и новое значение ссылки .
Более подробную информацию о работе с ссылками вы можете найти на сайте языка .
Агенты ( agents ) позволяют осуществлять асинхронное обновление данных .
Работа с агентами похожа на работу со ссылками ( только вы должны использовать agent вместо ref ) , но обновление данных может произойти в любой момент ( и программист не может на это влиять ) в зависимости от количества заданий .
Эти задания выполняются в отдельном пуле потоков выполнения , размер которого ограничен .
В отличие от ссылок , вам нет необходимости явно создавать транзакцию с помощью функции dosync — вы просто посылаете « сообщение » , состоящее из функции , которая установит новое значение агента , и аргументов для этой функции .
Пример со счетчиками , переписанный на использование агентов , будет выглядеть следующим образом :
( def acounters ( agent {} ) ) ( defn add - acounter [ key val ] ( send acounters assoc key val ) ) ( defn increment - acounter [ key ] ( send acounters assoc key ( inc ( @counters key 0 ) ) ) ) ( defn get - acounter [ key ] ( @acounters key 0 ) ) ( defn rm- acounter [ key ] ( let [ value ( @acounters key ) ] ( send acounters dissoc key ) value ) )
Функции send и send - off получают в качестве аргументов имя агента , функцию , которую надо выполнить , и дополнительные параметры , которые будут переданы вызываемой функции .
Вызываемая функция получает в качестве аргумента текущее состояние агента , и должна вернуть новое значение , которое получит аген т13 .
Во время своего выполнения функция « видит » актуальное значение агента .
Разница между send и send - off заключается в том , что они используют разные по размеру пулы нитей выполнения .
send рекомендуется применять для действий , которые ограничены по времени выполнения , такие как conj и т. д. А send - off лучше использовать для длительно выполняемых задач и задач , которые могут зависеть от ввода / вывода и других блокируемых операций .
В некоторых случаях вам может понадобиться , чтобы задания , посланные агенту , были завершены .
Для этого в язык введены две функции , которые позволяют остановить выполнение текущего потока выполнения до завершения задач переданных агенту ( или агентам ) .
Функция await блокирует выполнение текущего кода до завершения всех задач , а функция await - for блокирует выполнение на заданное количество миллисекунд и возвращает контроль текущему потоку , даже если выполнение всех задач не было завершено .
Так же как и при использовании ссылок , при работе с агентами вы можете использовать функции - валидаторы и функции - наблюдатели .
Остальную информацию об агентах вы можете найти на отдельной странице сайта языка .
Атомы ( atoms ) предоставляют возможность синхронного изменения независимых данных , для которых не требуется синхронизация в рамках транзакции .
Работа с атомами похожа на работу со ссылками , только производится без координации : вы объявляете переменную с помощью функции atom , можете получить доступ к значению используя deref ( или @ ) и установить новое значение с помощью функции swap !
( или низкоуровневой функции compare - and - set ! ) .
Изменения осуществляются с помощью функции swap ! , которая в качестве аргументов принимает функцию и аргументы для этой функции ( если необходимо ) .
Переданная функция применяется к текущему значению атома для получения нового значения , и затем делается попытка атомарного изменения с помощью compare - and - set ! .
В том случае , если другой поток выполнения уже изменил значение атома , то вызов пользовательской функции повторяется для вычисления нового значения , и опять делается попытка изменения значения атома и т. д. , пока попытка изменения не будет успешно й14 .
Вот простой пример кода , который использует атомы :
( def atom - counter ( atom 0 ) ) ( defn increase - counter [ ] ( swap ! atom - counter inc ) )
При использовании данного кода мы можем быть уверены , что значение счетчика будет увеличиваться всегда , независимо от того , сколько потоков выполнения вызывают эту функцию .
Подробней об атомах вы можете прочитать на сайте языка .
5 Взаимодействие с Java
Clojure реализует двухстороннее взаимодействие с библиотеками , работающими на базе JVM — код на Clojure может использовать существующие библиотеки и вызываться из других библиотек , реализовывать классы и т. п. Отдельно стоит отметить поддержку работы с массивами объектов Java — поскольку они не являются коллекциями , то Clojure имеет отдельные операции для работы с массивами : создание , работа с индивидуальными элементами , конвертация из коллекций в массивы и т. д. Подробную информацию о взаимодействии с Java вы можете найти на сайте языка .
Вы также можете встроит ь
Clojure в ваш проект на Java и использовать его в качестве языка расширения .
Дополнительную информацию об этом вы можете найти в учебнике о Clojure .
5.1 Работа с библиотекам и Java
Код , написанный на Clojure , может без особых проблем использовать библиотеки , написанные для JVM .
По умолчанию в текущее пространство имен импортируются классы из пакета java.lang , что дает доступ к основным типам данных и их методам .
А остальные пакеты и классы должны импортироваться явно , как это описано в разделе 3.9 , иначе вам необходимо будет использовать полные имена классов с указанием названий пакетов .
Создание экземпляра класса производится с помощью специальной формы new , которая принимает в качестве аргументов имя нужного класса ( записываемое с заглавной буквы ) и аргументы , которые будут переданы конструктору класса .
Кроме этого , определен макрос , который позволяет записывать создание новых экземпляров класса в более компактной форме .
Для этого необходимо добавить знак .
( точка ) после имени класса и указать нужные аргументы для конструктора класса .
Например , следующие виды записи эквивалентны :
( new String " Hello " ) ( String .
" Hello " )
Для обращения к членам классов существует несколько форм :
для доступа к не статическим членам класса используется форма ( .имя Член аКласса объект аргументы* ) или ( .имя Член аКласса ИмяКласса аргументы* ) .
Например , ( .toUpperCase " Hello " ) в результате вернет " HELLO " ;
или .
Например , в результате вернет ; для доступа к статическим членам класса используется запись вида ( Им яКласса / им яМетода аргументы * ) — для вызова методов , или ИмяКласса / им яПеременной — для переменных .
Например , ( Math / sin 1 ) или Math / PI .
Данные формы являются макросами , которые раскрываются в вызов специальной формы .
( точка ) .
В общем виде эта форма выглядит следующим образом : (. объект им яЧлен аКласса аргументы*) или (. Им яКласса им яЧлена аргументы* ) .
Такчто вызов ( Math / sin 1 ) раскрывается в (. Math sin 1 ) , вызов ( .toUpperCase " Hello " ) в (. " Hello " toUpperCase ) и т. д.
Существует еще один макрос , который позволяет организовывать связанные вызовы вида System.getProperties ( ) . get ( " os.name " ) , которые очень часто встречаются в коде на Java .
Этот макрос называется .. ( две точки ) и записывается в виде (.. объек тИлиИмяКласса выражение+ ) .
Например , код на Java , приведенный выше , в Clojure будет выглядеть следующим образом :
(.. System ( getProperties ) ( get " os.name " ) )
В том случае , если нет необходимости передавать аргументы , можно использовать запись выражения без скобок :
(.. System getProperties ( get " os.name " ) )
Есть еще одна форма , которая позволяет выполнить вызовы нескольких методов , примененных к одному объекту — это макрос doto , который в качестве аргументов получает объект и выражения , и в качестве результата возвращает объект .
Например , следующий код :
( doto ( new java.util.HashMap ) ( . put " a " 1 ) ( . put " b " 2 ) )
создаст новое отображение и поместит в него два объекта .
Поскольку объекты Java в отличие от объекто в
Clojure изменяемы , то программист имеет возможность установки значений полей класса .
Это выполняется с помощью специальной формы set ! , которая имеет следующий вид : ( set ! (. объектИлиИмяКласса им яЧленаКласса ) выражение ) .
Однако помните , что вы можете применять эту форму только к классам Java .
Вы также можете использовать методы классов в качестве функций первого порядка .
Для этого определен макрос memfn , который принимает имя метода и список аргументов этой функции , и создает соответствующую функцию Clojure .
Например , код :
( map ( memfn toUpperCase ) [ " aa " " bb " " cc " ] )
применит метод toUpperCase из класс а String к каждой из строк вектора .
В простых случаях этот код можно заменить на анонимную функцию вида :
( map #(.toUpperCase % ) [ " aa " " bb " " cc " ] )
но в некоторых случаях memfn просто удобнее .
5.2 Вызов кода на Clojure из Java
Существует несколько причин , по которым вам может понадобится вызвать код , написанный на Clojure из Java .
Первая причина — вам необходимо реализовать так называемые обратные вызовы ( callbacks ) , которые будут реализовывать обработку каких - то событий , например , при обработке XML файла или при реализации GUI .
Вторая причина — вы хотите реализовать некоторую функциональность на Clojure , и позволить класса м Java пользоваться этой функциональностью .
В Clojure существуют разные способы выполнения этих задач — вы можете создавать анонимные классы , полезные при реализации callbacks , с помощью макроса proxy , или создавать именованные классы с помощью макроса gen-class .
Обе эти возможности описываются более подробно в следующих разделах .
5.2.1 Реализация обратных вызовов ( callback ) с помощью proxy
Макрос proxy используется для создания анонимных классов , которые реализуют указанные интерфейсы и/ или расширяют существующие классы .
В общем виде вызов этого макроса выглядит следующим образом : ( proxy [ спис о кКлассо вИлиИнтерфейсов ] [ аргументыКонструктораКласса] Реализуемы еМетоды+ ) .
Например , если вы хотите обрабатывать XML с помощью парсера SAX , то вы можете создать свой класс , который будет обрабатывать определенные события :
( import '( org.xml.sax InputSource ) '( org.xml.sax.helpers DefaultHandler ) '( java.io StringReader ) '( javax.xml.parsers SAXParserFactory ) ) ( def print - element - handler ( proxy [ DefaultHandler ] [ ] ( startElement [ uri local qname atts ] ( println ( format " Saw element : %s " qname ) ) ) ) ) ( defn demo - sax - parse [ source handler ] (.. SAXParserFactory newInstance newSAXParser ( parse ( InputSource . ( StringReader . source ) ) handler ) ) ) ( demo-sax - parse " < foo > < bar > body < / bar > </ foo > " print - element - handler )
и после выполнения этого кода на стандартный вывод будут выданы названия элементов , составляющих данный XML документ .
5.2.2 Создание классов с помощью gen-class
Как отмечалось выше , макрос gen-class используется для создания именованных классов , которые будут доступны для кода на Java , только если вы откомпилируете исходный код в байт - код .
В отличие от proxy , gen-class 15 имеет значительно больше опций , которые управляют его поведением , но при этом он предоставляет и большую функциональность .
В общем виде вызов макроса выглядит следующим образом : ( gen-class опци и + ) .
Полный список опций можно найти в официальной документации или в записи в блог е Meikel Brandmeyer , а здесь мы приведем небольшой пример реализации класса и рассмотрим , из чего он состоит :
( ns myclass ( : import ( org.apache.tika.parser Parser AutoDetectParser ParseContext ) ) ) ( gen-class :name MyClass :implements [ org.apache.tika.parser .Parser ] ) ( defn - parse [ this stream handler metadata context ] '( ) )
В данном примере мы создаем класс MyClass , который реализует интерфейс org.apache.tika.parser .
Parser и определяет метод parse , принимающий четыре аргумента .
После компиляции этого кода , мы можем использовать его из кода на Java как самый обычный класс .
Отметьте , что методы не указываются в объявлении класса , а реализуются в текущем пространстве имен .
Но это относится только к тем методы , которые уже объявлены в родительском классе или интерфейсе .
Также заметьте , что имя реализуемого метода начинается со знака - ( минус ) — это префикс , который используется по умолчанию , чтобы отличать методы - члены класса от обычных функций .
Разработчик может выбрать другой префикс с помощью опции : prefix .
В том случае , если вы хотите расширить существующий класс , вам необходимо использовать опцию : extends , вместо или наравне с опцией : implements , которая приведена в нашем примере .
Для инициализации класса вы можете использовать функцию , которая указывается в опции : init , и которой будут переданы аргументы конструктора класса .
Кроме этого , существует опция : constructors , которая может использоваться , если вы хотите создать конструкторы класса , не совпадающие по количеству аргументов с конструкторами родительского класса .
А новые методы могут быть добавлены к классу с помощью опции : methods .
По умолчанию , сгенерированный класс не имеет доступа к защищенным переменным родительского класса .
Однако , к ним можно получить доступ , если использовать опцию : exposes .
А с помощью опции : exposes - methods можно указать псевдонимы для методов родительского класса , если вам необходимо вызывать их из вашего класса .
Еще одной полезной опцией является опция : state , которая указывает имя переменной , в которой будет храниться внутреннее состояние вашего класса .
Обычно в качестве значения используется ref или atom , которые могут быть изменены в процессе выполнения методов класса .
Стоит отметить , что данное состояние должно быть установлено функцией , указанной в опции : init .
6 Поддержка язык а
Эффективное использование языка невозможно без наличия инфраструктуры для работы с ним — редакторов кода , средств сборки , библиотек и т. п. вещей .
Для Clojure имеется достаточное количество таких средств — как адаптированных утили т ( Maven , Eclipse , Netbeans и т. п. ) , так и разработанных специально для этого языка — например , системы сборки кода Leiningen .
Отладку приложений , написанных на Clojure , поддерживают почти все среды разработки , перечисленные ниже , а для профилирования можно использовать существующие средства для Java .
Число библиотек для Clojure постоянно увеличивается .
Некоторые из них — лишь обертки для библиотек написанных на Java , а некоторые — специально разработанные для Clojure .
Вместе с
Clojure часто используют набор библиотек clojure - contrib , который содержит различные полезные библиотеки , не вошедшие в состав стандартной библиотеки языка : функции для работы со строками и потоками ввода / вывода , дополнительные функции для работы с коллекциями , монады и т. д. Среди других библиотек можно отметить Compojure — для создания веб -сервисов ; ClojureQL — для работы с базами данных ; Incanter — для статистической обработки данных ; crane , cascading - clojure и clojure - hadoop — для распределенной обработки данных .
Это лишь малая часть существующих библиотек , многие из которых перечислены на сайте языка .
6.1 Среды разработк и
В настоящее время для работы с
Clojure разработано достаточно много средств — поддержк а
Clojure имеется в следующих редакторах и IDE :
Emacs : Подсветка синтаксиса и расстановка отступов выполняются с помощью пакета clojure - mode .
Для выполнения кода можно использовать inferior - lisp - mode , но лучше воспользоваться пакетом SLIME , для которого существует адаптер для Clojure — swank - clojure .
SLIME разработан для работы с разными реализациям и
Lisp и предоставляет возможности интерактивного выполнения и отладки кода , анализа ошибок , просмотра документации и т. д.
Судя по последнему опросу среди программистов на Clojure , Emacs и SLIME являются самым популярным средством разработки .
Установка обоих пакетов может быть выполнена ( и это рекомендуется авторами пакетов ) через Emacs Lisp Package Archive .
Небольшое описание того , как установить и настроить clojure - mode и SLIME , вы можете найти в записи в блоге Романа Захарова .
Если вы использует е
Windows , то вы можете воспользоваться Clojure Box — пакетом , в котором поставляется уже настроенны й
Emacs , SLIME , Clojure и библиотека clojure - contrib .
Использование этого пакета позволяет немного упростить процесс освоения языка .
Vim : Поддержка Clojure в
Vim реализуется с помощью модуля VimClojure , который реализует следующую функциональность : подсветку синтаксиса языка ;
правильную расстановку отступов ;
выполнение кода ;
раскрытие макросов ;
дополнение символов ( omni completion ) ;
поиск в документации , как для самого кода на Clojure , так и в документации Java ( javadoc ) .
На домашней странице проекта вы можете найти необходимую информацию по установке плагина , а также скринкаст , демонстрирующий возможности VimClojure .
Eclipse : Для Eclipse существует плагин Counterclockwise , который обеспечивает выполнение следующих задач : подсветка , расстановка отступов и форматирование исходного кода ;
навигация по исходному коду ;
базовая функциональность по дополнению имен функций и переменных , включая функции библиотек написанных на Java ;
выполнение кода в REPL ;
отладка на уровне исходного кода .
Информацию по установке вы можете найти на странице проекта .
Netbeans : В Netbeans поддержка Clojure осуществляется плагино м
Enclojure со следующей функциональностью : подсветка и расстановка отступов в исходном коде , а также работа с S - выражениями ;
выполнение кода в REPL , включая работу с REPL на удаленных серверах , историю команд , тесную интеграцию с редактором кода ;
навигация по исходному коду , включая навигацию для мультиметодов ;
дополнение имен для функци й Clojure и Java ;
отладка на уровне исходного кода , с установкой точек останова , показом значений переменных и пошаговым выполнением кода .
IntelliJ IDEA : Для этой IDE создан плаги н La Clojure , реализующий следующие функции : подсветка и форматирование исходного кода с возможностью настройки пользователем ;
навигация по исходному коду ;
свертывание определений функций и переменных ;
дополнение имен для функций , переменных и пространств имен Clojure , а также поддержка дополнений для имен классов и функций в библиотеках написанных на Java ;
выполнение кода в REPL ;
отладка кода , в том числе и для кода в REPL ;
рефакторинг кода на Clojure ;
компиляция исходного кода в Java classes .
Процесс установки некоторых из этих средств можно найти в наборе скринкастов , созданных Sean Devlin .
6.2 Компиляция и сборка кода на Clojure
Сборку кода , написанного на Clojure , можно осуществлять разными способами — начиная с компиляции , использу я
Clojure в командной строке , и заканчивая использованием высокоуровневых утилит для сборки кода , таких как Maven и Leiningen .
В принципе , компиляция кода — необязательный этап , поскольк у
Clojure автоматически откомпилирует загружаемый код , и многие проекты пользуются этим , распространяясь в виде исходных кодов .
Однако предварительная компиляция ( ahead - of - time , AOT ) позволяет ускорить загрузку вашего кода , сгенерировать код , который будет использоваться из Java , а также позволяет не предоставлять исходный код , что важно для коммерческих проектов .
Компиляция кода на Clojure осуществляется в соответствии со следующими принципами :
единицей компиляции является пространство имен ;
для каждого файла , функции и gen-class создаются отдельные файлы .class ;
создаются отдельные файлы ; также для каждого файла создается класс - загрузчик , вида имя-файла__init.class ;
; файл , содержащий пространство имен , использующий имя со знаком - ( минус ) , должен иметь имя , в котором - заменены на знак _ ( подчеркивание ) .
6.2.1 Компиляция кода с помощь ю Clojure
Для компиляции из REPL имеется функция compile , которая в качестве аргумента получает символ , определяющий пространство имен , например :
( compile ' my - class )
что приведет к компиляции файла my_class.clj .
Стоит отметить , что CLASSPATH также должен содержать в себе каталог class , находящийся в том же каталоге , что и исходный файл .
В этот каталог будут помещены сгенерированные файлы .class .
Провести компиляцию исходного текста можно и не запуская REPL , для этого можно воспользоваться следующей командой :
java - cp clojure.jar:`pwd`/class - Dclojure.compile.path=class clojure.lang .
Compile my - class
которая выполняет компиляцию пространства имен my - class , находящегося в файле my_class.clj .
Заметьте , что в CLASSPATH явно добавлен подкаталог class , указанный с помощью свойств а clojure.compile.path .
Команды такого вида можно использовать в других системах сборки , таких как Ant .
Чтобы не изобретать код для компиляции файло в
Clojure для каждого нового проекта сборки , был создан проект clojure - ant - tasks , который определяет стандартные задачи ( tasks ) для компиляции и тестирования кода , написанного на Clojure .
Подробное описание использования пакета задач вы можете найти на странице проекта .
6.2.3 Использование Maven с Clojure
Система сборки кода Maven достаточно популярна среди разработчиков на Java , поскольку она позволяет декларативно описывать процесс сборки , тестирования и деплоймента , а выполнение конкретных задач ложится на плечи конкретных модулей ( plugins ) .
Для Maven написан модуль clojure - maven - plugin , который позволяет компилировать и тестировать код , написанный на Clojure .
Этот модуль позволяет прозрачно интегрироват ь
Clojure в существующую систему сборки на основ е
Maven .
Кроме компиляции и тестирования , данный модуль определяет дополнительные задачи , такие как запуск собранного пакета , запуск REPL с загрузкой собранного пакета , а также запуск серверов SWANK или Nailgun , что позволяет использоват ь SLIME и VimClojure для интерактивной работы с собранным пакетом .
Подробное описание того , как использовать этот модуль вместе с
Maven , вы можете найти на странице проекта , а в качестве примера использовани я
Maven для сборки проекта на Clojure , состоящего из нескольких подпроектов , вы можете обратиться к исходным текстам проекта Incanter .
Для Clojure также существует своя собственная система сборки — Leiningen , описывающая проекты и процесс сборки , используя язык Clojure .
В последнее время эта система становится все более популярной — она имеет возможности расширения с помощью дополнительных модулей , например , для компиляции кода на Java и т. п.
Из коробки Leiningen позволяет выполнять базовые задачи — компиляцию кода , тестирование , упаковку кода в jar - архив , сборку jar - архива со всеми зависимостями и т. д. Кроме того , имеется базовая поддержка работы с
Maven , что позволяет использовать собранный код в других проектах .
Установка Leiningen достаточно проста и описана на странице проекта .
После установки вы можете начать его использовать в своем проекте , добавив файл project.clj , содержащий что - то вроде следующего кода :
( defproject test - project " 1.0 - SNAPSHOT " : description " A test project . " :url " http://my-cool-project.com " : dependencies [ [org.clojure/clojure " 1.1.0 " ] [ org.clojure/clojure-contrib " 1.1.0 " ] ] : dev-dependencies [ [org.clojure/swank -clojure " 1.0 " ] ] )
который определяет новый проект test - project с зависимостями от Clojure и набора библиотек clojure - contrib , а также зависимостью , которая используется в процессе разработки — swank - clojure .
defproject — это макро с Clojure , который раскрывается в набор инструкций по сборке , и является единственной обязательной конструкцией , которая должна быть указана в файле project.clj .
Кроме этого , project.clj может содержать и произвольный код на Clojure , выполняемый в процессе сборки .
Более подробную информацию о Leiningen можно найти на странице проекта .
6.2.5 Репозитории кода
Некоторые системы сборки , такие как Maven и Leiningen , поддерживают автоматическую загрузку зависимостей из центральных репозиториев кода .
Для Clojure также имеются отдельные репозитории , совместимые с этими системами .
В первую очередь это build.clojure.org , который содержит сборки как само й
Clojure , так и набора библиотек clojure - contrib .
Например , для Maven вы можете добавит ь
Clojure в зависимости с помощью следующего кода , добавленного в файл проекта pom.xml :
< repositories > < repository > < id>clojure - releases</id > < url >
http://build.clojure.org/releases</url> </repository > </repositories >
Кроме того , для распространения библиотек написанных на Clojure , был создан проект clojars.org , который поддерживает работу с
Maven и Leiningen , и на котором можно найти достаточно большое количество полезных библиотек .
7 Заключение
Мы надеемся , что данная статья помогла вам познакомиться с этим интересным языком .
Количество проектов ( в том числе и коммерческих ) на Clojure постоянно увеличивается , и , может быть , вы также сможете использовать данный язык для написания программ , которые будут работать на платформе JVM .
Список литератур ы
[ 1 ] Michael Fogus and Chris Houser .
Joy of Clojure .
Thinking the Clojure Way .
Manning , 2010 . [ 2 ]
Stuart Halloway .
Programming Clojure .
Pragmatic Bookshelf , 2009 . [ 3 ]
Amit Rathore .
Clojure in Action .
Manning , 2010 . [ 4 ]
Luke VanderHart .
Practical Clojure .
Apress , 2010 .
2008 was a strong year for the Xbox 360 in Japan .
With timed exclusives like Tales of Vesperia , Microsoft was able to drawn both long lines and new gamers to its platform .
2009 was another story altogether .
Advertisement
Spring 2009 looked promising with otaku heroine and Japanese popstar Shoko Nakagawa getting her own Xbox 360 .
But within months , she gave away some of her Xbox 360 titles .
Advertisement
Gamers started to notice that Xbox 360 titles ( or their spin - offs ) started making their way to other platforms like the PS3 .
Combined with a history of hardware issues , the Xbox 360 began to look less appealing when compared to the PS3 , which had started gaining momentum .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The retail rot set in .
Advertisement
Either stores began posting signs stating they would not buy back used consoles made before August 2007 ( above ) or completely stopped buying back Xbox 360s .
Advertisement
One retail shop put stickers with cute Christmas trees that read " Great for a Christmas Gift " on the PS3 and the Wii , but not the Xbox 360 .
Advertisement
When listing used hardware that the store below would buy back , the Xbox 360 was ignored , left out .
Advertisement
In late December , major retailer Yodobashi Camera no longer offered extended warranties for the Xbox 360 .
It was the only console for which Yodobashi Camera did not offer an extended warranty .
Advertisement
The problem here is n't so much what Japanese gamers think of the Xbox 360 , but what Japanese retailers think .
Western titles such as Modern Warfare 2 ( first person shooters are becoming trendy of sorts in Japan ) have helped the console weather the storm .
While the near future looks equally bleak , Microsoft does have an ace up its green sleeve with its Natal motion controller .
Initial media reaction in Japan has been positive and if sold and packaged right , Natal could definitely breathe new life into Xbox Japan .
Advertisement
Xbox360 衰退の歴史 「 こくないで、敗戦しても最良機 」 [ はちま起稿 ]
Search All
Search in all text fields Search the subject fields Search the creator / name fields Search the title fields Search the number fields Match all words Match any words Match exact phrase Include variants
No variants
Results Per Page : records .
Twice as many patients had constricted blood vessels in their brains
More than 55 % of multiple sclerosis patients have been found to have blockages of the blood vessels that drain the brain , a US study says .
The preliminary results are from the first 500 patients enrolled in a trial at the University of Buffalo .
The abnormality was found in 56.4 % of MS patients and also in 22.4 % of healthy controls .
The MS Society said it was intriguing but not proof that this caused MS - as one leading expert claims .
Testing theory
The New York researchers were testing a theory from Italian researcher , Dr Paolo Zamboni who claims that 90 % of MS is caused by narrowed veins .
These results are intriguing but it is important to remember that although people with MS may show evidence of chronic cerebrospinal venous insufficiency in screening studies , there 's no proof as yet that this phenomenon is a cause of MS , nor that treating it would have an effect on MS
Dr Doug Brown , MS Society
He says the restricted vessels prevent the blood from draining fast enough and injure the brain by causing a build up of iron which leads to MS .
He has already widened the blockages in a handful of patients including his wife .
MS is a long - term inflammatory condition of the central nervous system which affects the transfer of messages from the nervous system to the rest of the body .
The Buffalo team used Doppler ultrasound to scan the patients in different body postures to view the direction of venous blood flow .
The 500 MS patients , both adults and children , also underwent MRI scans of the brain to measure iron deposits in surrounding areas of the brain .
The full results will be presented at an American neurology conference in April .
There were 161 healthy controls .
' Cautious optimism ' Robert Zivadinov who led the study at the University of Buffalo , said he was " cautiously optimistic and excited " about the preliminary data .
" They show that narrowing of the extracranial veins , at the very least , is an important association in multiple sclerosis .
" We will know more when the MRI and other data collected in this study are available . "
Dr Doug Brown , Biomedical Research Manager at the MS Society , said : " These results are intriguing but it is important to remember that although people with MS may show evidence of chronic cerebrospinal venous insufficiency in screening studies , there 's no proof as yet that this phenomenon is a cause of MS , nor that treating it would have an effect on MS .
" The next step is to determine what this actually means for MS and an investigation into whether there 's any potential therapeutic benefit from treatment will be pivotal for this novel theory . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
" If the law was enforced properly then there would be no need to chop down these trees .
The police and the council should work more closely with local residents to fight crime in order to prevent such a travesty happening again in future . "
By : Ben Adelman
Out of all the newly minted celebrities the Internet has created in the last few years , none is more mysterious , or misunderstood , than the Youtube personality .
These shadowy talents are often known only by their username , but their videos are viewed and enjoyed by millions .
Dan Dobi , creator of the documentary film Please Subscribe , tracked down these web starlets and gave them a chance to tell their story .
I had the opportunity to sit down with Dan and ask him a few questions about the creation of his documentary .
Ben Adelman :
What inspired you to make this film about YouTube celebrities of all people ?
Dan Dobi : I ’ve been working in YouTube for a few years now and it became very apparent to me that not a lot of people understand what it means to be a YouTuber .
Most people are very confused when they hear that people can make money just by creating and uploading videos .
I started in traditional media and transitioned into YouTube and I ’ve always tried to explain to my mom what I was doing and she never quite understood .
The more I dove into the topic the more I got curious about the people who managed to make a career out of it , and I wanted to really understand it for myself .
I wanted to make this film as a tool for YouTubers to be able to show their parents and friends and say “ here you go , watch this …
THIS is what I do . ”
BA : Just how difficult was it to track down these people all over the country to interview them ?
DD : The YouTube community is really tight so it was n’t hard to track them down .
These are all people I ’ve grown to know over the years through meet ups , conventions , and just being fans of their content and reaching out to collaborate .
It was a great experience to be able to sit with these people in their work environment and really see and document what it is they do .
BA : This project was primarily funded by online donations .
Were you , at any point concerned that you were n’t going to receive enough to make the film , and if that had happened , did you have a Plan B ?
DD : The community expressed such amazing excitement from the get go , any fear I had was whisked away by the tremendous outpour of support that I felt almost immediately after announcing the project .
I think this film and the idea behind it resonates with a lot of people so my Plan B would have been to keep calm and trek onward .
I have a lot of faith in the online community .
Time after time we keep seeing people funding great art because we are all hungry for a new kind of content .
The YouTube community , especially , is a really supportive and collaborative one , so I just threw myself wholeheartedly in with the belief that they would catch me .
I knew that they wanted to be represented by a film like this , it was time .
If I was n’t funded , I would have pulled from my savings and just made the damn thing !
BA : Was there one person not featured in the film that you would have liked to have been in it ?
DD : Yes and No . Yes , because there are so many great stories to tell about YouTubers and no two are the same .
There are a lot of layers to YouTube .
We did n’t dig as much into the business as the personal , there are genres we did n’t hit like music and beauty , there ’s a lot we did n’t have time to cover that would have been great .
At the same time , no , because the film is the way it is for a reason .
It follows a very specific journey and adding any other YouTubers might detract from the story I set out to portray .
I really wanted to capture different snapshots along the life of the YouTuber – from those who are starting out to seasoned veterans .
Each Youtuber serves as a benchmark along that road .
BA : Describe Your Greatest experience while making this film .
DD : I ’d have to say the opportunity to run around the country and show the film at different Google locations .
Google has been SO supportive with this film , we owe so much thanks to them for their efforts in helping us along the way with spreading the word , hosting parties , showings , events and such .
BA : If you had to do the entire process over again would you have done anything differently ?
Why or why not ?
DD : Coulda , Shoulda , Woulda right ?
Honestly , I probably would n’t change much .
Although the film was funded by Kickstarter donators , it would have been nice to have a little more money to play around with .
I actually went through the budget VERY early on and had to pull from my own pocket to finish the movie .
I ’m not complaining though , without the Kickstarter donations , this film would have been A LOT harder to make .
BA : Is it too early to talk about a sequel ?
Maybe one chronicling the lives of internet freelance comedy writers ?
DD : It ’s never too early to talk about a sequel !
A lot of people have expressed a desire to see this turned into a docuseries or do one of these films a year , which intrigues me .
I also have thought about doing this style of film looking at other groups of people whose existence is misunderstood or shrouded in mystery , much like the elusive internet freelance comedy writer .
One thing that I find very interesting is the YouTube community outside of the US .
I would love to have an opportunity to document them and see the similarities and differences between them and their US counterparts .
We would like to thank Dan for his time and his words , and we hope you will check out his film , and the inevitable sequel which will most likely star the deeply mysterious and misunderstood author of this article .
For all the latest news about the film , be sure to follow Please Subscribe on Twitter and on Facebook so that you stay in loop .
If you ’re a film buff , check out some of the other articles on our site about movies .
Since myself , Martin and Charlie – the Catlin Arctic survey explorer team – were dropped off on the Arctic ice and collected our very first science samples , we 've had an eventful time .
We 've had a mixture of really evil cold and windy weather , beautiful sunny days , gloomy foggy days and of course a storm or two .
All part of the Arctic experience – but this time one of the horrors has been incredibly strong north winds .
The cold is amplified but we also feel as if we are living in a grinder .
No matter how far north we trek , we are constantly being driven south by the wind .
So at the end of each day we are almost back where we started .
It 's annoying – but we are ploughing on and hoping for the wind to change soon .
We 've also been seeing vast areas of open water and very thin ice – it's the first time any of us have experienced anything quite like this on such a large scale .
The way the ice is behaving is simply the strangest we have ever seen .
We 've spent days on ice that was bending , bouncing and wobbling as we passed over it .
Martin 's feet went through a few times – his walking on thin ice technique rather resembling a rhino !
There was one massive area which I knew would not take our weight – and having tried to skirt around it for quite some time I decided that I would have to go for a swim .
The idea was for me to swim over with ropes attached back and front to the sledges , and then for me to pull the others over , sitting on the floating sledges one by one .
As it turned out , once I 'd got my immersion suit on I was able to slither across the ice on my belly like a snake for about 30 metres and then pull the guys across .
We 've had a few more problems with the scientific equipment freezing up but have managed to overcome the glitches and have carried on with the drilling , water - sampling , bottling and filtering .
It 's an activity that we do every three days , in the hope of gaining greater insight into ocean acidifcation up here in the Arctic .
The most exciting highlight of last week for us was spotting some very fresh footprints – some from an Arctic fox and others from polar bear prints .
From the prints it appeared that the bear had suddenly broken into a gallop – I 'm just pleased that it was n't heading our way at the time .
Last weekend we were hit by another storm and were struggling against frostbite in our hands and toes .
But things have settled down again now and we are pleased to report that our progress across the ice has got a bit better now .
We are still continuing to do about five miles a day on our trekking days – but the southerly drift of the ice seems to be slowing down so our actual distance covered should get a bit better .
I 'll admit it , I was intimidated by MapReduce .
I 'd tried to read explanations of it , but even the wonderful Joel Spolsky left me scratching my head .
So I plowed ahead trying to build decent pipelines to process massive amounts of data without it .
Finally my friend Andraz staged an intervention after I proudly described my latest setup : " Pete , that 's Map Reduce " .
Sure enough , when I looked at MR again , it was almost exactly the same as the process I 'd ended up with .
Using Amazon 's Elastic Map Reduce implementation of Hadoop , I was literally able to change just the separator character I use on each line between the keys and the data ( they use a tab , I used ' :' ) , and run my existing PHP code as -is .
I still hate the existing explanations , none of them clicked at all , so I decided to put together a simple project and tutorial that explains in a way that makes sense to me .
Here 's the project code , with some sample data .
The first thing to understand is that MapReduce is just a way of taking fragments of information about an object scattered through a big input file , and collecting them so they 're next to each other in the output .
For example , imagine you had a massive set of files containing the results of a web crawl , and you need to understand which words are used in the links to each URL .
You start with :
< a href = " http://foo.com "
>
Bananas</a>
< a href = " http://bar.com "
>
Apples</a>
...
< a href = " http://foo.com "
>
Bananas</a>
...
< a href = " http://foo.com "
>
Mangoes</a>
...
and you want to end up with :
...
foo.com 2 Bananas , 1 Mangoes
bar.com 1 Apples
...
How do you do it ?
If the data set is small enough , you loop through it all and total up the results in an associative array .
Once it 's too large to fit in memory , you have to try something different .
Instead , the Map function loops through the file , and for every piece of information it finds about an object , it writes a line to the output .
This line starts with a key identifying the object , followed by the information .
For example , for the line < a href = " http://foo.com " >
Bananas </a> it would write
foo.com Bananas
How does this help ?
The crucial thing I missed in every other explanation is that this collection of all the output lines is sorted , so that all the entries starting with foo.com are next to each other .
This was exactly what I was doing with my sort - based pipeline that Andraz commented on .
You end up with something like this :
...
foo.com Bananas
foo.com Bananas
foo.com Mangoes
...
The Reduce step happens immediately after the sort , and since all the information about an object is in adjacent lines , it 's obviously pretty easy to gather it into the output we 're after , no matter how large the file gets .
None of this requires any complex infrastructure .
If you download the project you 'll see a couple of one - page PHP files , one implementing a Map step , the other Reduce , which you can run from the command line simply using :
./mapper.php < input.txt | sort | ./reducer.php > output.txt
To prove I 'm not over - simplifying , you can take the exact same PHP files , load them into Amazon 's Elastic Map Reduce service as - is and run them to get the same results !
I 'll describe the exact Job Flow settings at the bottom so you can try this yourself .
The project itself takes 1200 Twitter messages either written by me , or mentioning me , and produces statistics on every user showing how often and when we exchanged public messages .
It 's basically a small - scale version of the algorithm that powers the twitter .
mailana.com social graph visualization .
One feature of note is the reducer .
It tries to merge adjacent lines containing partial data in JSON format into a final accumulated result , and I 've been using this across a lot of my projects .
Here 's how to try this all out on Amazon 's Elastic Map Reduce :
- First , get all your AWS accounts set up .
You 'll need S3 , EC2 and MapReduce .
- Now , create an S3 bucket with a unique name to contain the results .
- Go to the MapReduce console and click on Create New Job Flow
- As you go through the creation panel , copy the settings shown below .
Make sure you put in the path to your own output bucket , but I 've made both the input data and code buckets public , so you can leave those paths as - is :
Run the job , give it a few minutes to complete , and you should see a file called part - 00000 in your output bucket .
Congratulations , you 've just run your first Hadoop MapReduce data analysis !
Now for the bad news .
Google 's just been awarded a patent on this technique , casting a shadow over Hadoop and pretty much every company doing serious data analysis .
I personally think if a knucklehead like me can independently invent the process , it should be considered so obvious no patent should be possible !
Emory University neuroscientist Lori Marino will speak on the anatomical basis of dolphin intelligence at the American Association for the Advancement of Science conference ( AAAS ) in San Diego , on Feb. 21 , 2010 .
" Many modern dolphin brains are significantly larger than our own and second in mass to the human brain when corrected for body size , " Marino says .
A leading expert in the neuroanatomy of dolphins and whales , Marino will appear as part of a panel discussing these findings and their ethical and policy implications .
Some dolphin brains exhibit features correlated with complex intelligence , she says , including a large expanse of neocortical volume that is more convoluted than our own , extensive insular and cingulated regions , and highly differentiated cellular regions .
" Dolphins are sophisticated , self - aware , highly intelligent beings with individual personalities , autonomy and an inner life .
They are vulnerable to tremendous suffering and psychological trauma , " Marino says .
The growing industry of capturing and confining dolphins to perform in marine parks or to swim with tourists at resorts needs to be reconsidered , she says .
" Our current knowledge of dolphin brain complexity and intelligence suggests that these practices are potentially psychologically harmful to dolphins and present a misinformed picture of their natural intellectual capacities , " Marino says .
Marino worked on a 2001 study that showed that dolphins can recognize themselves in a mirror -- a finding that indicates self - awareness similar to that seen in higher primates and elephants .
A southside fruiterer has spoken of his horror at finding a man 's body behind his Annerley store .
The body of an Ipswich man , 28 , was found behind the Annerley Friendly Grocer at Cracknell Road yesterday morning .
An Ipswich man 's body was found near these shops .
Credit : Claudia Baxter / The Queensland Times
David , who did not want his surname revealed , told Fairfax Radio 4BC 's Michael Smith he had noticed a smell for " at least three days " , which he thought may have been a dead cat or rat .
" I was looking for [ the source of the smell ] in the morning and I could n't find anything , " he said .
September 3 , 2014
The cost of your pharmacy technician degree will vary mainly on factors : type of program ( online or in - campus ) and its duration .
Online programs
Online schools are significantly cheaper since the [ … ]
This means that , in Australia , cults are thriving under the protection of politicians , the police and the courts .
When it comes to notions of religious freedom , our thinking is dangerously woolly .
The only cult indoctrination we take seriously is by Islamic terror groups .
The recent counter - terrorism white paper recognised the process of radicalisation that young Muslim men undergo before committing acts of violence .
But the same techniques of coercive persuasion make Scientologists sign away guardianship of their children ; have abortions at someone else 's demand ; or make Exclusive Brethren members teach their children that their estranged father is '' of the devil ' ' .
All this causes damage that is lifelong and debilitating .
And yet politicians are petrified of being seen to infringe the right of an apparently religious group to do whatever it wants .
We need to ruthlessly tighten up our understanding in this area .
The state should only allow a religion as much freedom as the members of that religion themselves enjoy .
So unless the faithful are free to argue , to question their leaders , to be gay , to quit and go to another church with their families intact , then the religion itself should be taxed , regulated , should lose school funding and be put out of business .
We could use the International Charter of Human Rights as our model of appropriate behaviour .
And we should have a commissioner of religions to enforce the law .
Religious freedom should not be granted unconditionally .
And by their practices we should know them .
Every now and again I see glimpses of myself in ‘ younger ’ programmers as they struggle with the same concepts I did , fall into the same mental traps and generally make similar mistakes .
Writing the 4 wrong ways post made me wonder how common these phases really are and whether we could categorize them .
You too ?
Well wonder no longer , for I have completed this herculean task !
I ’ve found myself in each of these traps at least once – some of them several times – and have seen them in others too .
Are there more out there ?
The Enthusiastic Newbie
The newbie is full of passion and excitement for her one and only language , which is undoubtedly VB , PHP or actionscript .
Having finally got to grips with the syntax of said language she feels she ’s completely mastered it in all its forms .
The newbie writes astonishingly quickly , but everything ends up in one big file full of global variables .
This is a very productive stage , if little worm games and random utilities / replacement shells are what you want produced .
Distinguishing code features :
Each program is exactly one file , containing a hundred global variables , none of which has more than four letters in the name .
Mistaken belief : Programming ’s pretty easy , really .
Most endearing quality :
Her little shiver of excitement every time she opens her IDE and gazes at a blank project , full of potential .
Reads : Firefly fanfics .
Most likely to say : “ Come and look at this cool flash game I just finished ! ”
The Budding Genius
Having programmed for a few years and learnt a second language , the budding genius is firmly convinced that he is the Messiah of the programming world .
He reinforces this world view with his conviction that anything he does n’t understand ( i.e. almost everything ) is pointless , old - fashioned and a waste of time .
Distinguishing code features :
Uses his own vector class implementation .
Always starts class names with his own initial .
Mistaken belief :
The programming world has more to learn from him than he does from it .
Most endearing quality :
How easy it is to make him defensive and huffy by mentioning anything outside his cabbage patch of experience .
Reads :
His own blog .
Most likely to say : “ Huh , yeah well everyone knows functional languages are no use for * real * programming * anyhow * ”
The Abstraction Freak
After a while all new programmers being to realize they start each new flash game by copying 90 % of the old one .
Suddenly it occurs to them that they could write one ‘ super ’ game engine to make writing a new game as simple as finding the sprites and writing a config file containing the rules !
Flushed with this success , the wannabe abstraction freak begins to believe all programs should be generalized , generalized , generalized … unfortunately , holding on to this belief too long turns them into the Abstraction Freak .
Distinguishing code features :
Adds five new classes every time he implements a new feature , all of which are named after design patterns and give no clue whatsoever as to the feature they ’re supposed to implement .
Any actual business logic is hidden in an xml - based config file somewhere else in the repository .
Mistaken belief : Writing a program to interpret a set of config files containing an awkwardly - phrased , buggy description of the program he wants to write is better than writing the program he wants to write .
Most endearing quality :
The expression of painful concentration on his face while battling his analysis paralysis before starting to reimplement the login feature for the fourth time that month .
Reads : Design Patterns , cover to cover , during his lunch break every day .
Most likely to say : “ So I think we should start the new time scheduling project by writing a generic application framework … ”
The Veteran
Any programmer exposed to the bitter realities of working in a soulless commercial software company , shuffling bits on a hard disk for the same salary every month eventually develops a certain protective shell .
Neither speed nor genius are rewarded , so often a professional developer begin to develop a very careful , measured style that ensures he ’s never caught out by either bugs or management , which he considers to be pretty much the same thing .
Distinguishing code features :
The first ten lines of any function , even an accessor , are all assert statements .
All the error conditions for each function are dutifully checked and handled and comments are liberally scattered throughout .
Mistaken belief : Doing things ‘ properly ’ is the same as getting things done , but better .
Most endearing quality :
His aura of measured , unflappable calm that makes it clear that even the direst emergency wo n’t make him work any faster , leaving one with the impression he might be better suited to a career in the bonsai industry .
Reads : joelonsoftware.com ( yes , even though Joel ’s stopped posting )
Most likely to say : “ Well , I wo n’t be able to say until doing a proper estimate next week , but it ’s going to be at least * sucks air in through pursed lips * at least four man-months to add a print preview , plus testing and documentation of course . ”
The ‘ Guru ’
After a decade or so of bouncing from one stereotype to the next , our newbie is all grown up , yet she feels like a hollow shell of the enthusiast she once was .
One morning , she wakes up and realizes that the unwieldy crust of unit tests , assertions , error - checking and class - design that have built up around her programming style are just crutches , crutches that are dragging her down and that she no longer needs !
She casts them off and begins writing the simplest , barest code she can think of to do what she needs !
Free the features !
Free the code !
Freedom !
Distinguishing code features :
Only writes in dynamically - typed languages with a strong functional component .
At first glance her code looks remarkably similar to the newbie ’s , except there ’s less of it and the variable names make sense .
Mistaken belief :
That her enlightenment makes her a guru without the quotation marks .
Most endearing quality :
Her little shiver of excitement every time she sees an interesting problem she could solve with ‘ just half a dozen lines ’ of code .
Reads : news.ycombinator.com/newest
Most likely to say : “ You know , polymorphic inheritance is really just a poor - man ’s substitute for first - class functions and dynamic typing … ”
And …
So there you have it , my career as a programmer laid bare .
I ’m curious ; does everyone go through these phases ?
If I ’ve missed any great ones , add your own in the comments and I ’ll either update the article or collect them for a Part II …
Note : Yield Thought has moved to http://yieldthought.com – check there for the latest posts !
To save this word , you 'll need to log in .
: on the night last past
: on the night last past
: on the night last past
: the night last past
: the night last past
: the night last past
Definition of yesternight ( Entry 2 of 2 )
First Known
Use of yesternight
Adverb
before the 12th century , in the meaning defined above
Noun
1513 , in the meaning defined above
Canada 's climate researchers are being muzzled , their funding slashed , research stations closed , findings ignored and advice on the critical issue of the century unsought by Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's government , according to a 40 - page report by a coalition of 60 non-governmental organisations .
" This government says they take climate change seriously but they do nothing and try to hide the truth about climate change , " said Graham Saul , representing Climate Action Network Canada ( CAN ) , which produced the report " Troubling Evidence " .
" We want Canadians to understand what 's going on with this government , " Saul told IPS .
Climate change is not an abstract concept .
It already results in the deaths of 300,000 people a year , virtually all in the world 's poorest countries .
Some 325 million people are being seriously affected , with economic losses averaging 125 billion dollars a year , according to " The Anatomy of a Silent Crisis " , the first detailed look at climate change and the human impacts .
Released last fall by the Geneva - based Global Humanitarian Forum , the report notes that these deaths and losses are not just from the rise in severe weather events but mainly from the gradual environmental degradation due to climate change .
" People everywhere deserve to have leaders who find the courage to achieve a solution to this crisis , " writes Kofi Annan , former U.N. secretary - general and president of the Forum , in the report .
Canadians are unlikely to know any of this .
" Media coverage of climate change science , our most high - profile issue , has been reduced by over 80 percent , " says internal government documents obtained by Climate Action Network .
The dramatic decline results from a 2007 Harper government - imposed prohibition on government scientists speaking to reporters .
Canadian scientists have told IPS they required permission from the prime minister 's communications office to comment on their own studies made public in scientific journals and reports .
If permission is granted , it requires written questions submitted in advance and often replies by scientists have to go through a vetting process .
Within six months , reporters stopped calling and media coverage declined , the leaked report noted .
While climate experts were being muzzled , known climate change deniers were put in key positions on scientific funding bodies says Saul .
The report documents three appointments and their public statements that climate change is a myth or exaggerated .
" The climate - change issue is somewhat sensational and definitely exaggerated , " said economist Mark Mullins , former executive director of a free - market think tank called the Fraser Institute in 2007 , according to the report .
The Fraser Institute has often cast doubt on seriousness of climate change .
In 2009 , Mullins was appointed to the board of the major government funder the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council ( NSERC ) .
Mullins is in good company .
In late February , Maxime Bernier , a senior member of the Harper government and a former Foreign Affairs cabinet minister , published a letter in a major newspaper saying there was no scientific consensus on climate change and that the world 's national academies of science were exaggerating .
" The alarmism that has often characterised this issue is no longer valid .
Canada is right to be prudent , " he wrote .
Bernier is considered a possible successor to Stephen Harper .
Last week , scientists who study climate change from a remote polar science research base on Ellesmere Island said they have run out of funding and will shut down this year .
Earlier this month , the new federal budget failed to provide any funding for Canada 's main climate science initiative , the Canadian Foundation for Climate and Atmosphere Sciences .
Funding everything from global climate models , to the melting of polar ice and frequency of Arctic storms , to droughts and water supply , the foundation will run out of cash early next year .
" Their ( federal government ) actions make it clear they do n't care about climate change , " said Andrew Weaver , a climate scientist at the University of Victoria .
" This administration is a very different form of government .
It is top - down , and run by a small group who are anti-science , " Weaver told IPS .
Previous governments have always consulted with scientists prior to funding and policy decisions related to science , but the current government does not even consult its own scientists , he said .
" They are only interested in issues on their agenda : oil and related industries , " he said .
Last October , Prime Minister Harper announced a 1.6 - billion - dollar , multi - year partnership with the oil industry to reduce emissions from Canada 's tar sands oil projects , saying : " We are taking real action at home and on the world stage to produce real , tangible reductions in greenhouse gas emissions . "
The tar sands , located mainly in the province of Alberta , produce 1.3 million barrels of oil a day , almost all for the U.S. market .
The massive project is the single biggest source of greenhouse gases in Canada , has the biggest toxic tailing ponds covering 50 square kilometres , and a much longer list of staggering environmental impacts .
This " real action " promised by Harper is to invest in an unproven , risky and expensive long shot called " carbon capture and sequestration " that is at least a decade away .
Even if this new technology can be developed and works as planned , Canada 's carbon emissions would be reduced far faster , easier and more reliably by improving energy efficiency , experts say .
Spending 1.6 billion dollars to replace old refrigerators with high - efficiency ones in the average Canadian home brings higher emissions reductions than carbon capture and sequestration in the tar sands ever will , according to information provided by the Pembina Institute , an Alberta NGO .
" Almost all of the money this government claims is climate change work is about getting more oil out of the ground , " said John Bennett , executive director of the Sierra Club Canada .
" Canadian climate science is falling behind and the world is not getting information about what is happening in the Canadian Arctic , " Bennett said in an interview .
The Harper government sees climate change as a communications problem and is eliminating government - funded climate research so there wo n't be any " bad news " about what is happening , he said .
" This government is doing nothing on climate but they always make sure to sound like they 're doing something to fool Canadians , " Bennett said .
The two PlayStation Plus October 2020 games have been revealed .
One of them is Dontnod 's Vampyr , which seems appropriate for the season .
IPv6 Tunnel Broker
Run by a Business ISP with 24 x 7 staff at multiple locations and an International backbone ( find out more about IPv6 transit at Hurricane Electric )
Ability to get your own / 48 prefix once your tunnel is up
Ability to use your tunnel now after a simple registration process .
( It takes less than a minute . )
Ability to create your tunnel on geographically diverse tunnel - servers ( Dubai , Sydney , Ashburn , Calgary , Chicago , Dallas , Denver , Fremont , Honolulu , Kansas City , Los Angeles , Miami , New York , New York , Palo Alto , Phoenix , San Jose , Seattle , Toronto , Winnipeg , Amsterdam , Berlin , Budapest , Düsseldorf , Frankfurt , Lisbon , London , Paris , Prague , Stockholm , Warsaw , Zurich , Hong Kong , Singapore , Tokyo , Bogota , Djibouti City , and Johannesburg )
Check out our new usage stats
And then hit up our new Forums Welcome to the Hurricane Electric IPv6 Tunnel Broker !
Our free tunnel broker service enables you to reach the IPv6 Internet by tunneling over existing IP v4 connections from your IP v6 enabled host or router to one of our IP v6 routers .
To use this service you need to have an IP v6 capable host ( IPv6 support is available for most platforms ) or router which also has IPv4 ( existing Internet ) connectivity .
Our tunnel service is oriented towards developers and experimenters that want a stable tunnel platform .
Advantages of using our tunnel service over others include :
If you are a new user please register by clicking on Register below .
After registering your password will be mailed to you and you can return here to activate your tunnel .
Upon tunnel activation configuration commands for a variety of platforms will be automatically generated .
Once you configure your side you will be able to reach the IPv6 Internet .
If you like our service be sure to tell a friend and recommend us to others !
Atlas 5 rocket rolled out for launch
The Atlas 5 rocket was transported from the Vertical Integration Facility to the pad at Cape Canaveral 's Complex 41 on Tuesday morning for its launch of NASA 's Solar Dynamics Observatory .
Photo credit : Pat Corkery / United Launch Alliance
Photo credit : Pat Corkery / United Launch Alliance
The Federal Opposition says Communications Minister Stephen Conroy has been caught out using his influence to help a Labor figure win a plum government job .
Senator Conroy has confirmed he recommended former Queensland Labor MP Mike Kaiser for a senior role at the company set up to create the Government 's National Broadband Network ( NBN ) .
Yesterday a Senate estimates hearing was told the $ 450,000 - a- year job was not advertised , and no other candidates were considered .
Mr Kaiser was a Queensland State Labor MP , but resigned in 2001 after admitting to being involved in vote - rigging during party ballots in the mid 1980s .
He is now running government relations for NBN Co , the company set up to build the Government 's $ 43 billion National Broadband Network .
The company 's chief executive , Mike Quigley , says Mr Kaiser was interviewed twice and his references were checked before he got the job .
Mr Quigley told the estimates hearing he was aware of Mr Kaiser 's political past .
Opposition communications spokesman Tony Smith says Senator Conroy should not be arranging jobs for his Labor mates .
" Mr Kaiser is a very senior Labor figure , he has been on the scene for a long time , " Mr Smith said .
" And for the minister to say , ' Oh well , off the top of my head , I think he could do the job ' and for that position not to be advertised is not good enough at all .
" This is a position that pays more than the Prime Minister and that job should have been advertised .
" The minister 's advice should have been : ' It 's nothing to do with me .
You should advertise , see who comes forward and make your own decisions ' . "
Mr Kaiser declined to comment on the furore over his appointment when asked by the ABC this morning .
Conroy hits back
Senator Conroy came under fire in the hearing but he hit back at Liberal Senator Nick Minchin .
" Senator Minchin , in the middle of the Telstra privatisation , interfered and had his good friend and spy John Short installed after he had been sacked , back in Telstra , " Senator Conroy said .
" You had him installed after he had been terminated in a $ 60 billion company you were selling , Senator Minchin . "
" That is nonsense and has got nothing to do with this case .
To compare Mr Short to Mr Kaiser is ridiculous , " Senator Minchin replied .
The clash continued when Senator Conroy later told the committee he still had not made up his mind on if he would publicly release a study into the viability of the National Broadband Network .
The government has previously been criticised for not conducting a full cost - benefit analysis .
" It may be possible for the report to be released , it may not , " he said .
" But I will be in a better position to answer those sorts of questions after I 've read the implementation study , which I have not yet received . "
Researchers have discovered that infants respond to the rhythm and tempo of music and find it more engaging than speech .
The findings , based on the study of infants aged between five months and two years old , suggest that babies may be born with a predisposition to move rhythmically in response to music .
The research was conducted by Dr Marcel Zentner , from the University of York 's Department of Psychology , and Dr Tuomas Eerola , from the Finnish Centre of Excellence in Interdisciplinary Music Research at the University of Jyvaskyla .
Dr Zentner said : " Our research suggests that it is the beat rather than other features of the music , such as the melody , that produces the response in infants .
" We also found that the better the children were able to synchronize their movements with the music the more they smiled .
" It remains to be understood why humans have developed this particular predisposition .
One possibility is that it was a target of natural selection for music or that it has evolved for some other function that just happens to be relevant for music processing . "
Infants listened to a variety of audio stimuli including classical music , rhythmic beats and speech .
Their spontaneous movements were recorded by video and 3D motion - capture technology and compared across the different stimuli .
Professional ballet dancers were also used to analyse the extent to which the babies matched their movement to the music .
The findings are published March 15 in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences Online Early Edition .
The research was part - funded by a grant from the Swiss National Science Foundation .
THE DEPROLIFERATOR —
Last week we discussed how to communicate the subject of disarmament to the public , or at least the “ persuadable middle ” ( a.k.a. independents ) .
Research organizations have devised promising approaches to “ framing ” and “ messaging ” in order to divert members of the public from viewing deterrence as the ultimate defense against an enemy .
Instead they ’re shown that , because of their risk , it ’s actually nuclear weapons themselves that are the enemy .
We also proposed that widespread enlightened childrearing would likely produce a generation of citizens who would find national - security policies that leave the lives of tens of millions hanging in the balance unacceptable .
The introduction of courses on , if not arms control , national - security options , into schools at all levels would follow suit .
A prominent member of the disarmament community is already making significant strides in that direction .
William Potter , the director of the James Martin Center for Nonproliferation Studies at the Monterey Institute of International Studies , kicked off a presentation he gave at the end of February with a description of the UN Experts Group on Disarmament and Nonproliferation Education , which he was instrumental in forming .
( Though , he admits , “ relatively little progress has been made to date in translating [ it ] into global action . ” )
He reveals the group ’s raison d’etre :
[ Because ] of a fixation on quick solutions to immediate crises , neither national governments nor international organizations invest adequately in long - term programs of disarmament and nonproliferation training .
As a consequence , we face a predicament on a global scale in which otherwise well educated citizens ( and many of their elected representatives ) are amazingly complacent about and ignorant of disarmament and nonproliferation issues .
Potter then spells out the Monterey Institute ’s answer to the dearth of disarmament and nonproliferation education : “. . . as of fall 2010 we will offer the world ’s first Masters Degree Program in Nonproliferation and Terrorism Studies .
Among the unusual aspects of this program will be its use of .
. . negotiation simulations , coverage of the entire range of WMD threats [ and ] international internship opportunities . ”
[ Emphasis added . ]
In a non-graduate program in the past , Monterey used , “ Skype and Teleconferencing to bring ‘ real - world ’ decision makers into the classroom , ” such as Assistant Secretary of State for Verification and Compliance Rose Gottemoeller and U.N. High Representative for Disarmament Sergio Duarte .
By end of that course , Potter said , it was “ impossible to discern professional diplomats from many students . ”
Nuke Tube ?
Monterey has also “ increasingly made use of various forms of distance learning , including lectures to students at Russian universities via .
. .
Facebook , Twitter , and our own variant of You Tube called ‘ Nuke Tube . ' ”
It has also “ collaborated with Russian and Chinese universities .
. . to develop nonproliferation textbooks and other training materials in those languages , ” as well as “ university courses in nonproliferation in Russia , Belarus , Kazakhstan , and .
. . other post - Soviet States . ”
Sounds promising — how can other schools be brought on board ?
“ One of my long standing — but to date unrealized — recommendations , ” Potter says is the passage of “ legislation to create a National Nonproliferation Education Act , similar to the U.S. National Defense Education Act. . . to create competitive scholarships [ to encourage ] the best and the brightest students to specialize on WMD issues . ”
How about the earlier grades ?
Potter remarks that , “ Few high schools have curricula that expose students to issues of disarmament or weapons proliferation and strategies for their control . ”
We should n’t wonder .
Look at the reactions to teaching the Holocaust to kids .
Deniers aside , some parents think that it scares kids ; others , that it ’s given favoritism over other tragedies by Jews who .
. . Just . Can’t.
Let It Go .
In fact , since many parents believe in retaining nuclear weapons as deterrence , courses incorporating nonproliferation and disarmament are likely to be even more controversial .
Too bad .
Exposing young students to nonproliferation and disarmament sure beats air raid drills , like when I was young .
First posted at the Faster Times .
The Monster Advancer toolset continues to grow .
You now can choose between the robust Core Monster Advancer and the Quickened Advancer for monster and npc creation and customization .
If random encounter generators are more your speed you get the speed and power of the Monster Advancer system to do that as well .
With the encounter generator you do n't end up with just stale monsters .
Instead the system upgrades monsters , adds templates , classes and more all automatically .
The traditional monster generator will allow you to advance creatures your players know well into creatures with twists they never saw coming .
Want a Fiendish Colossal Kraken ?
Instead of up to an hour of number crunching , you could have one in a few seconds .
Speed up your Dungeons and Dragons planning session now .
This application allows you adjust creatures ' stats , set feat progressions , add templates , magical items and most importantly , advance its hit dice or add class levels to make it more powerful .
The quickened version is straight forward and lightning fast .
Just select a creature , advance its hit dice or add class levels and print .
Create Random Encounters that include advanced creatures and various templates .
Random Encounter Generator is based on Challenge Rating ( CR ) .
There are now an amazing number of possible creatures for any given CR .
Create Random Encounter Charts .
Not just one creature but a whole table that can be customized by Encounter level , environment , creature types and more .
Generate treasure by total value or number of items .
( Select item categories , min and max values and more )
News and Features about D&D 3.5 Monster advancement , generation and customization Clever Orc Games has arrived !
( 7/22/2018 )
After a long hiatus I have begun the process of modernizing Monster Advancer and making it easier to give you all the awesome tools I created over the years .
Monster Advancer is n't going anywhere but the landing page for all new works and newer versions of these awesome tools will be found here at : Clever Orc Games .
I continue to be humbled by the continuous usage and support this site has received over the past 9 years .
If you would like a greater say in what I work on , or just want to see Monster Advancer / Clever Orc continue onward , I 'd be honored if you would join our exclusive community on Patreon .
** News & Features **( updated 7/04/2012 )
In my effort to help divide my means of communication from the hosting of the site itself , I now have a blog .
I have published my first piece talking about the history of the Monster Advancer tools from inception up to the present .
** News & Features **( updated 7/02/2012 ) I had hoped that my next update would be announcing one of the great new features / updates I have been slowly but surely working on over the past 2 years , but reality often has a way of throwing aside such plans .
For now , all I can do is apologize for the set - backs , assure our amazing user base that the site it is alive and well , and pledge that I will be making some changes to way in which I manage and communicate this whole process to make it more transparent .
I want to sincerely and deeply thank all of Monster Advancer 's awesome supporters , users and fans as I genuinely never expected the response that this site has garnered .
I am humbled by your support and while I have always tried to be cautious about over - promising and under - delivering ... I will boldly make one clear statement about the future of Monster Advancer --
You ain't seen nothing yet .
** News & Features **( updated 7/01/2012 )
Late night on 6/28 our hosting service went down .
Not just our website mind you ... the whole hosting service .
No site to contact , no online technical support , no returned phone calls , no access to any site resources .
The world went black and even the Overlord was not prepared .
Since then we have acquired a new host and moved the monster advancer site over to the new accommodations , but the outage was not simple to correct .
The disaster plans in place centered around data recovery , not service replacement and getting everything in place for a move of this magnitude took several days .
All I can say to our users is that I am sorry and I have already taken steps to expand the sorts of disasters we can recover from and hopefully taken steps to minimize any down - time caused by such a disaster .
** News & Features **( updated 9/25/2010 ) Added Pathfinder Mode to the Quickened Advancer .
The Pathfinder mode currently generates a pathfinder style stat sheet along with properly generated class skill bonuses , feat count , and CMD and CMB values .
The list of creatures includes 3.5 creatures which are auto - converted to Pathfinder .
Added links to both 3.5 and Pathfinder versions of all creature stat blocks .
Currently the only fully Pathfinder creature is the Froghemoth .
Everything else can be auto - converted and more fully converted creatures will be coming soon .
** News & Features **( updated 9/20/2010 ) Added Treasure Generator
The Treasure Generator can generate loot based on a total specified value with optional min and max values for single items .
The Treasure Generator can generate loot based on a specified number of items within a given value range for the items .
** News & Features **( updated 7/26/2010 )
Fixed a few details of the Scorpionfolk .
Added a Fallen Angel , Solar for a bit of fun .
Fixed damage from weapons with enhancement bonuses .
** News & Features **( updated 7/24/2010 ) Added Angels ( Solar , Planetar , Deva ) as well as Scorpionfolk .
** News & Features **( updated 7/6/2010 ) Added a 3d8 version of the encounter chart .
Fixed a bug where the main generator was always throwing an error .
** News & Features **( updated 7/1/2010 )
Fixed a bug where not all randomly generated creatures were getting skills and feats assigned properly .
Added to generated URL for monsters .
The URL now includes base stats and feats .
** News & Features **( updated 6/20/2010 )
Fix bug where added class levels were getting doubled in the core and quickened advancer .
** News & Features **( updated 6/16/2010 ) Updated Random Encounter system to use the new and improved decision trees that take into account similar monsters .
You still have the ability to use the old " very random " method of generation if you so choose .
Updated the new Random Encounter system to properly apply the elite stat array when a creature has class levels and reassigns the stats based on the primary character class .
This will prevent Kobold sorcerers with an 8 Cha .
Updated the new Random Encounter system to allow control over which templates will be applied to random monsters .
** News & Features **( updated 6/11/2010 ) Random Encounter Chart Generator !
You heard correctly .
Now you customize and generate your own charts with links to every generated creature already setup and ready to view .
Generator !
You heard correctly .
Now you customize and generate your own charts with links to every generated creature already setup and ready to view .
Adjusted the UI to accommodate the need for more space for the expanding tool set .
** News & Features **( updated 6/3/2010 )
Added the links to the creature displays for all 3 applications .
These will currently not show up in print view .
They will most likely be adjusted to appear less prominently once the feature gets a bit more exposure .
Generated links for creatures will currently translate over hd , size , templates and classes .
The rest of the adjustable items will be part of this generate link soon .
( Feats work now via URL they just do n't get added onto generated URL right now .
Fixed a bug where the Stone Giant 's CR was 0 .
It is now 8 as expected .
Added missing dragon breath weapon special abilities for all chromatic dragons a couple metallic dragons .
** News & Features **( updated 5/17/2010 ) Added Links to new Monster Advancer Forum
Added new feature that allows creation of creatures from links .
This allows users to share creatures via urls .
Currently supports alteration in Hit Dice , Stats , Size , classes , templates and feats
Try out new link feature and peek at the URL to see how to use it .
Here is my Fiendish Gargantuan Behir with 18 hit dice plus 2 Barbarian Levels and the Power Attack and Track feats
If you want more information about the linkable creature URLs just head over to the forums .
Link - able Creature URLs will be clearly marked .
Every creature you create from the Monster Advancer applications will eventually have a linkable URL .
Currently they are not displayed but will be very soon .
Updated a large number of racial skill bonuses
Updated a fair number of default feat lists .
** News & Features **( updated 5/10/2010 ) Added Gelatinous Golem
Fixed a bug where default feats were n't always applying properly .
** News & Features **( updated 5/7/2010 ) Added Lizardfolk
Added Dire Template and Flame - spawned Template
Fixed bug in attack sequence of Ghaele
Implemented proper handling of racial skill bonuses .
( I have not yet gone back and updated all racial skill bonuses . )
** News & Features **( updated 4/22/2010 )
We are officially out of Beta with the successful release of the majority of the creatures from the 3rd Core Rule book .
For those of you who did n't even know the application was still considered beta ... that 's okay you simply failed your search check .
The version number is hidden on the feature list page .
Removed duplicate Hydras that had no CR .
Added Hezrou 's special abilities and fixed bug in damage that was causing these demons to not generate .
Fixed CR calculation for NPC classes .
( Always treated as non-associated which means they only add 1/2 CR until there are as many NPC levels as original racial hit dice . )
Fixed CR calculation for Kobolds with NPC classes .
Kobolds are special after all .
** News & Features **( updated 4/4/2010 ) Added NPC Classes - Expert , Commoner , Aristocrat , Adept and Warrior
Added 404 Creatures !
Now before anyone gets too excited there are a couple things worth noting .
1 . Not all creatures have had their spell - like abilities properly set up .
This means they will probably be listed under a blanket " Spell - like abilities " entry which will list them but wo n't properly calculate saving throws and such .
I plan on getting these fixed in the next couple days but wanted to get out the work I had already completed .
2 . These were done by going through another database that was n't quite setup the way I needed it ... so I did a lot of work to get these ported over which means there may be a few more errors than I usually release .
If you find one of these errors just send me an email with the creature 's name and I will get it fixed right away .
3 . There may be a couple duplicate creatures that ended up with a naming convention different from a creature I already entered myself .
If you see some of these and they bother you just send me an email and I will clean them up .
Things like the Abyssal Greater Basilisk I left in because the way they upgraded it there is no official duplicate , although it is not truly unique .
With all that said here are a few highlights :
All Standard True Dragons - Brass , Bronze , Black , Blue , Green , Gold , Silver , White , Copper , Red
Destrachan , Devourer , Couatl , Digester , A bunch of Dire Creatures , Djinni , Dragon Turtle , Dragonne , Dryad ... like I said there are 404 ... go look for yourself .
Fixed a problem where the main Advancer would only let you submit once when using Chrome .
** News & Features **( updated 2/5/2010 ) Added Lich Template and Celestial Template .
Added New Creature : The Soul Reaper from Tome of Horrors III .
The Random Encounter Generator now can generate ranges of randomly leveled creatures .
Set any range between 1 and 30 .
The Random Encounter Generator will now generate groups of up to CR 30 .
The Quickened Generator now automatically applies the elite stat array ( 15,14,13,12,10,8 ) to creatures that take at least one class level .
The Main Monster Advancer will also automatically use the elite array if you add class levels .
Any stat changes you make on the front screen are figured in as extra racial bonuses .
** News & Features **( updated 12/15/2009 ) Added New Creatures For Mounts : Horses , Warhorses , pony , Griffon , Hippogriff , Riding Dog , Donkey , Rhino
The Quickened Generator now allows single template entry .
Added a print preview link to help highlight that the output is always print friendly as well as help those poor Chrome users who do n't have print preview yet .
** News & Features **( updated 8/14/2009 ) Added New Creatures : Air elementals , Tarrasque , Hellfire Bloodshark ( from Tome of Horrors III ) , Monstrous Centipede , Shrieker Fungus , and Kobold .
New template - Thorny ( A nice template to make animals that are made out of plants / thorns . )
New template - Landwalker ( Great for any aquatic creature you wish was n't aquatic ... ever been attacked by a dire shark in the forest ? )
Continued to enter default class skills for all creatures already in the advancer .
While it is a little ways off we have slated to include ** Pathfinder ** options that will adjuster skill and feats lists and such to enforce the new Pathfinder SRD .
If you are driving in upstate New York , there 's a good chance you 'll see deer crossing the road .
The Google Street View car did just that and more , while recording it all on their 360 degree camera .
Google admitted that one of his drivers hit the deer but stated that the animal was able to move and had left the area by the time the police arrived .
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
The soldier who was seriously wounded in the Gaza Strip on Friday night continued to fight for his life on Saturday afternoon after undergoing an operation at Beersheba 's Soroka Medical Center .
The soldier is unconscious and cannot breathe on his own .
Meanwhile hostilities in the Gaza Strip continued Saturday as two Kassam rockets were fired at Israel .
One fell inside the Strip , while the other exploded near a kibbutz in the Sha'ar Hanegev area .
No one was hurt and no damage was caused .
IDF tanks were stationed in the Gaza Strip on alert overnight Friday .
Reuters quoted Palestinian sources as saying five IDF tanks and two armored bulldozersentered the Strip and fired shells at targets near the town of KhanYunis .
The tanks were still in position at midnight , reportedly firing occasional rounds , but withdraw completely by Saturday afternoon .
A military spokeswoman said IDF troops used bulldozers to " flatten infrastructure used by terrorists to attack soldiers " before withdrawing .
On Friday evening , Major Eliraz Peretz , 31 , from Eli , deputy commanderof the Golani Brigade 's Battalion 12 and Staff Sergeant IlanSviatkovsky from Rishon Lezion , were killed in the southern Gaza Strip .
The IDF made the announcement several hours after clashes between theIDF and armed Palestinians occurred near the town of Khan Yunis .
Peretz 's brother Uriel was killed in 1998 in clashes with Hizbullah when the IDF was still deployed in Lebanon .
The family has another brother serving in Golani's Battalion 13 .
The third brother participated in Operation Cast Lead last year .
A third soldier was moderately wounded in the incident and two others were lightly wounded .
They were both taken to Soroka Hospital in Beersheba , where the first soldier 's condition worsened and became serious on Saturday morning .
Gaza medics said a Palestinian civilian was killed in the clash .
Two gunmen were reportedly killed .
The hostilities occurred as Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu and an inner circle of his ministers , known as the ' Septet ' , were meeting in Jerusalem .
The Prime Minister 's Office issued a statement on Friday evening saying that Prime MinisterBinyamin Netanyahu " joins in the grief of the families of soldiers whodied today protecting the state and hopes for the quick recovery of thesoldiers who were wounded . " " This is a hard day for the state of Israel and for the Israel Defense Forces , " Netanyahu said .
Ina hint of warning , the prime minister added that " Israel 's strong positions against thosewishing to harm its civilians and soldiers - are well known .
" Defense Minister Ehud Barak warned on Friday that were Hamas to " loosen its grip " on terrorist activity in the Gaza Strip and allow further incidents to occur , there would be " ramifications . "
Speaking to Channel 2 , he said Hamas - which claimed responsibility for the ambush in which Peretz and Sviatkovsky were killed - would be held accountable for terroristactivity in the Strip .
Peretz and Sviatkovsky were killed when a team of soldiers from Golani's Battalion 12 entered the Strip around 2:40 p.m. after several men were spotted placing what seemed to be explosive devices near the Gaza border fence on Thursday night .
The force was then attacked with mortar shells and gunfire from inside the Strip , as well as an explosive device that went off nearby .
In the exchange of fire that ensued , at least one Palestinian was killed and several others wounded .
The soldiers were apparently not killed by the explosive device but by gunfire , when the grenade in one of the soldiers ' vests was hit by a Palestinian bullet and exploded on his body .
The military was uncertain whether the incident was a prepared ambush or if the shootout began because the soldiers crossed the border fence into Gaza .
The IDF used helicopters and mortar fire against the Palestinians .
Late Friday evening , the Hamas Website said the group 's gunmen were involved — a departure from the Islamic terror group 's tendency over the past year to avoid confrontation with Israeliforces .
Hamas spokesman Abu Obeida told Hamas radio that IDF forces " fellinto an ambush " set by Hamas terrorists east of Khan Younis .
He did notelaborate .
He said IDF troops entered 500 meters into Gaza " but our men preempted them .
" He also said the action was taken in revenge to the killing of Hamas official Mahmoud Al - Mabhouh , which Hamas pinned on Israel .
Islamic Jihad also claimed responsibility for the attack , saying that the attack was intended to kidnap a soldier .
( h/t Media Matters )
President Obama held a rally to drum up support for health care reform at George Mason University , which was covered by the three cable news networks .
Except ....
Just when Obama started launching into examples of real Americans suffering under our current system , who else but Fox News broke away from the speech in order to give House Minority Leader John Boehner 's press conference ?
Media Matters :
Fox 's Jon Scott cut off President Obama and stated flatly : " I described it before it began as a pep rally and you can kind of see that 's what it is .
The President doing everything he can to try and get the American people behind his health care reform plans . "
Scott suggested the Fox audience finish watching Obama 's event on the internet if they were so inclined and then cut to Boehner for " the opposition point of view . "
Gosh .
You'd think it was almost as if Fox News did n't want people to realize how people could benefit from health care reform .
Legendary musician Sipho “ Hotstix ” Mabuse is leading a drive by angry local musicians to stage a rival concert on the same night as Fifa ’s World Cup kick - off celebration .
Local music professionals are furious that so few South Africans will feature in the official Fifa concert .
Their call to arms this week — to mount a free rival concert — was made at Music Exchange , an industry conference in Cape Town .
One delegate suggested the rival concert should be called “ Fuck Fifa ” , although he later conceded that the name would probably not fly .
Fifa ’s concert at Soweto ’s Orlando Stadium in Soweto will feature only three South African acts — Vusi Mahlasela , BLK JKS and The Parlotones .
African superstars Vieux Farka Touré , Angélique Kidjo , Tinariwen and Amadou and Mariam will take part alongside international artists including Alicia Keys , John Legend , Black Eyed Peas and Shakira .
South African music professionals are also simmering because Fifa contracted American - based events management company Control Room to run the concert , instead of a local company .
Mabuse said a rival concert is about “ opportunities for South Africans .
Why should South African musicians be denied the opportunity to be exposed to the rest of the world , when those that already have been privileged enough to have opportunities get to come here and make money and then go ? ” he asked .
The Fifa concert will be broadcast to millions of viewers around the world .
“ Are we going to be silent about this ? ” Mabuse demanded .
“ Hell , no ; it ’s either there are more South African musicians involved in this concert or there is not going to be a show . ”
Reacting to the controversially expensive tickets for the Fifa event — priced at R450 to R1 150 — Mabuse said : “ We must do concerts for free .
We must go out and find our own venues on that day and perform . ”
Keevision chief executive Yoel Kenan agreed with Mabuse ’s idea , saying of Fifa ’s control : “ We are in an environment where this is the reality and we are not going to be able to change it .
We must ask how can we leverage the World Cup to promote the music from South Africa .
If we put all our energy and resources together , we can do it .
“ We can get YouTube and Puma as sponsors — they are not Fifa sponsors and they are all waiting for something to do .
If it comes from the heart and it ’s a South African project , I think people will feel it . ”
Fifa spokesperson Delia Fischer referred the Mail & Guardian to Control Room , the American events management company organising the kick - off concert .
But she said only the first round of artists has been announced and there would be more South Africans on the final bill .
Attempts to get comment from Control Room proved unsuccessful .
The Garrett Hardin Society is dedicated to the preservation of the writings and ideas of Garrett James Hardin .
A common thread throughout his work is an interest in bioethics .
Trained as an ecologist and microbiologist and a Professor of Human Ecology at the University of California for more than thirty years , he is best known for his 1968 essay , The Tragedy of the Commons .
July 24 , 2011 Create Your Own Cloud of Ebooks with Calibre + Calibre OPDS + Dropbox
JaneEbooksCalibre / cloud computing / iPhone / Stanza
This post has been updated as of October 16 , 2011 .
*****
Apple appears to have pushed Google out of the ebookstore .
Kobo released an updated app with no buy link .
Google is randomly deleting Google Plus accounts .
Yet another ebook format has been announced .
I ’m getting pretty fed up with the powers that be who run the ebook world .
The biggest weapon that readers have in their arsenal is the ability to decouple .
This means taking your books out of the cloud ( the servers of Amazon , Apple , Google , BN , or Kobo ) and putting them into your own cloud .
You can set up your cloud for free using open source programs and a free account at dropbox .
( alternatively you can create your own syncing system by using alternative systems discussed on Lifehacker or this great device which I am going to check out called PogoPlug ) .
This cloud set up allows you to have access , either by webbrowser ( the Kindle 3 ’s browser works too ) or by iPhone / iTouch , to your entire ebook catalog from anywhere you can get internet connection , whether by wifi or cellular access .
The catalog generated is incredibly feature rich .
You can browse your catalog by series , tags , author , title , and most recent additions .
You can look up a book on Goodreads or check out the wikipage for an author .
Take a look at these iPhone screenshots ( click for bigger images ) :
In order to create your own cloud of books , you ’ll need three pieces of free software : Calibre , Calibre OPDS & some kind of syncing software .
For this explanation , I use dropbox .
Step 1 : You need a cloud .
The cloud is essentially a computer harddrive space that you can access anywhere in the world so long as you can log onto the internet .
Dropbox provides a 2 GB cloud for free and works on Windows , MAC , Linux , and the iPhone .
Dropbox is particularly suited for this cloudy goodness because of its automatic synching abilities .
Every time your files change on your harddrive , Dropbox notes that and uploads the changed file .
So step 1 is signing up for a dropbox account .
Sign up and install the software program .
The software program will require you to designate a Dropbox folder on your computer .
Within that Dropbox folder is where you will put your ebooks .
Step 2 : Set up your ebook cloud location .
In this step you are going to create a folder within the public folder of the dropbox folder .
This public folder will allow you to access your ebook cloud anywhere .
While the name of the folder is “ public ” , it is only public if you share the link ( which is why mine is fake in this example ) so do n’t share the link .
Also , you may want to use a random character generator to create a folder name to create a link that is even more secure .
Just do n’t make the name too long .
8 - 10 letters is good .
Step 3 . Download Calibre
Calibre is the best ebook software out there .
The Best .
Even if you do n’t use Calibre to create a cloud of goodness , it is still a great management tool .
I highly , highly recommend it for every ebook reader out there .
When you install Calibre , just use the standard install rather than advanced .
Step 4 . Set Your Calibre Library to be in the Cloud .
Open Calibre .
Click on the bookshelf button in the toolbar and then change the location of the ebooks to the “ My Dropbox \Public \SECRET FOLDER ” that you created in Step 2 .
Note that under the newer versions of Calibre , you can maintain multiple libraries .
I maintain three : one for books I ’ve purchased , one for ARCs and one that contains no ebook files but generates the Dear Author coming soon catalogs .
If you already have Calibre , you will simply change your existing files to this new location .
If your database is big , go take a big break .
Calibre will copy over every file to this new location and that can take some time .
Step 5 . Download Calibre OPDS
This is an open source program written by David Pierron .
It runs without adding new software to your computer or changing drivers or anything crazy like that .
This is the site for Calibre OPDS .
It is based on the Open Publication Distribution System cataloguing system .
Step 6 : Download the Calibre OPDS installer
David is working to update this program all the time .
The latest development are installers for both Windows and Mac. Simply download the program and follow the ordinary installation steps .
A Calibre OPDS icon will be available .
If you are on a MAC , you may simply get a bunch of icons :
OpdsOutput-2.4-SNAPSHOT.jar is the icon to click on that will open the Calibre program for you .
Double click on it and the program will open , showing a window like this ( click for a larger image ) .
The Database Folder is where the “ metadata.db ” file resides which should be the folder you created in Step 2 .
If you have separate calibre libraries , you ’ll have to change the location of the library for each catalog you want to create .
Catalog folder is where you want the catalogs to be generated .
Name it whatever you want .
The default is “ _catalog ” and this will make it show up at the top of the folder .
There are lots of different options you can choose which will affect the way in which your catalog will look but the most important customization is “ Compatibility Level ” .
OPDS is for general catalogs ( i.e. , if you are only going to access your catalogs via a web browser ) .
TROOK is for rooted nook classic devices .
STANZA is for Stanza App on iThing Stanza has been killed for iOS 5 .
Use OPDS if you have an iThing with IOS 5 or above .
Stanza has been killed for iOS 5 .
Use OPDS if you have an iThing with IOS 5 or above .
Aldiko is for Android App Aldiko
If you do n’t use the right compatibility level , your catalog will not work with your application .
THIS IS IMPORTANT .
STEP 7 . Create the catalogs :
Once you have customized your setup , click “ Generate catalogs ” .
A new window should popup to show the progress :
If you have mobi or PDF files in your catalogs , remember to go to Advanced customization features and type in your additional formats :
Make sure that “ include only one ebook file ” is not checked .
Another way to double check this is to go to your SECRETFOLDER and look for a folder called _catalog .
Look for the file titled “ index.html ” and double click .
Your browser should launch and your catalog should look something like this :
Done yet ?
Yes , if all you want is web access .
This next part is adding the catalog to your iPhone .
Check out Stanza alternatives .
Step 1 .
Open up your favorite app on your iPhone .
Step 2 .
Add a new catalog .
Enter your catalog name .
It can be whatever you like .
The URL is the path to your dropbox public folder .
You can get this path by doing the following :
Go to your SECRET FOLDER and click on the “ _catalog ” folder created above in Step 8 .
Look for the file named “ index.xml “ .
There will be a index.html but you want index.xml .
Highlight that file .
Right click , scroll to Dropbox , and in the fly out is “ copy public link “ .
Once you have the public link , paste it somewhere ( like in a word document or a notepad file , etc ) .
It should look something like this :
http://dl.dropbox.com/u/212378/SECRETFOLDER/_catalog/catalog.xml
This entire path must be typed into the URL of the iphone .
DONE .
In the future , anytime you make a change to your Calibre database , you will want to update your catalogs .
As an aside , I no longer use Stanza but on the iOS platform , you can download an epub or mobi file from Safari and be presented with the “ Open In ” option allowing you to read the epub or mobi file in most apps ( all apps except the BN app ) .
Another great thing is if you have Bluefire authorized with your Adobe Digital Editions account , you do n’t need to strip the DRM from the epubs although if you want to , there are plugins for Calibre that help you do that .
( Note that stripping DRM may be illegal in your jurisdiction or country ) .
Have questions ?
Leave them in the comments .
Share this : Twitter
Print
Facebook
Email
More
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
From Europe to Asia and beyond , the hunger to innovate has created lots of entrepreneurial competition for America .
Start - up firms are helping to manage traffic in the teeming cities of Brazil and have allowed less - populous nations such as Israel to become fertile soil for new business ideas .
These nations view innovation as a vital source of economic competitiveness .
Not that long ago , the United States was the clear world leader in most industries and technology .
Now , while it's hard to put any other nation as " No. 1 , " America no longer enjoys such a privileged position .
The global spread of inventiveness is a disruptive force but also a beneficial one , economists say .
If more of the world 's people are innovators , more will be creating new industries or solving problems like how to control carbon emissions .
" Innovation is growth , and growth creates jobs , " says Vijay Govindarajan , who heads the Tuck Business School 's Center for Global Leadership at Dartmouth College in Hanover , N.H .
And increasingly , he says , innovation is occurring in a global matrix with ideas flowing among developed and developing nations .
" The United States can be competitive in the next 25 years only if we embrace globalization 150 percent , " he says .
" Globalization is like gravity .
You can deny it only at your peril . "
Here 's a look at five nations that are using varied strategies to ride the elevator of innovation - led growth .
BRAZIL
The competition is n't just between East and West .
Brazil symbolizes the way continents of the South are ramping up efforts to nurture new businesses .
A major government - backed effort to support start - ups includes a growing array of university - based incubator programs .
The effort is giving wings to people like Andre Averbug , a business school graduate whose start - up provides software for mass - transit services .
" A few years ago , Brazil was seen as a commodity country , " he says .
" I think Brazil now is being looked at as a good country to do business . "
SINGAPORE
This island nation has prospered not just because of investments in education and port infrastructure , but also because of its promotion of start - ups .
Its experiments have run the gamut from subsidies for ventures involving targeted technologies to putting up public money alongside venture investors who come to the city - state , Harvard University business expert Josh Lerner writes in a recent report for the American Enterprise Institute .
The result :
Even though its economy looked similar to that of Jamaica in 1965 , per capita gross domestic product has reached $ 31,400 in Singapore , whereas Jamaica 's had edged up to just $ 4,800 .
INDIA
Yes , India is known as a hub of outsourced customer service .
But if anyone doubts India 's ability to innovate , consider the build - it - yourself automobile .
At a price below $ 3,000 , the Tata Nano is providing affordable wheels and generating lots of jobs for people who specialize in assembling the boxed parts into vehicles .
" It 's as close a thing as we 've seen in a long time in the automobile industry to a fresh start , " says Eamonn Kelly , a California - based strategic thinker at the consulting firm Monitor Group .
He says firms like Tata in cars and Infosys in software have been " quietly reinventing the nature of work , " breaking down complex processes into new formulas .
India is still in the early stages of discovering its potential .
If it can succeed in raising education levels for the vast majority who lack a high - school degree , the flow of ideas from India will expand even more .
ISRAEL
In Israel , a rich crop of enterprises draws strength partly from what may seem like a surprising source : the military .
It 's not that the start - ups are all defense - related .
But the Israeli military is a lean , adaptive organization – and one where citizens serve during early , formative years , says Saul Singer , coauthor of " Start - up Nation , " a new book on Israel 's entrepreneurial prowess .
" The Israeli military is smaller at the top than most , and it forces more authority down , " he says .
" The sense of improvisation comes from being stressed and short on resources . "
Another factor :
The government of this once - socialist economy has learned to promote free enterprise by getting out of the way .
CHINA
Even as China has leveraged its huge market potential to lure technology partners from overseas , it has also been expanding its ability to generate ideas from the ground up using a self - created array of research universities .
China 's blend of sheer demographic scale , bottom - up commercial drive , and top - down planning may be rewriting the development rule book .
As China plays the traditional game of catch - up , it 's also trying to push ahead into leadership positions in key areas such as nanotechnology .
The advances come with risks and caveats .
Critics see major violations of trade rules .
And forecasters have a lively debate going about whether this race - ahead economy is poised for a bust .
Alongside these five nations , Europe and Japan remain innovative powerhouses .
And Mr. Govindarajan cites other up - and - comers to watch , including Mexico , Vietnam , Turkey , and South Africa .
The upshot may be an increasingly two - track process for innovation .
He says the new climbers will create more products that filter upward to high - income nations , even as the developed nations still pioneer products that filter downward in a traditional way .
• Sara Miller Llana in Rio de Janeiro and Ilene R. Prusher in Jerusalem contributed to this report .
---------
Follow us on Facebook and Twitter
Official Heckler And Koch 22 Lr Replica Rifles from Umarex USA
FORT SMITH , ARKANSAS –-( AmmoLand.com ) - Umarex USA , the leader in firearm replication , introduces the first official Heckler & Koch ( H& K ) replicas .
The dedicated .22 long rifle ( LR ) platform is not simply a knock - off but a new , licensed , economically - priced reproduction available in a 416 and MP5 Tactical Rimfire .
Umarex USA will become the official H&K replica .22 LR United States importer following a new licensed agreement between manufacturer Carl Walther Germany and H&K .
The tactical - style rifle is recognized for its growing popularity and demand in the States .
The new licensing makes the .22 LR version affordably available for rimfire shooters as well as centerfire shooting enthusiasts who own tactical guns .
“ These rifles are a high - quality product at a reasonable purchase price .
The savings from a case of ammo at the range vs. firing centerfire through a larger caliber AR equate to the purchase cost of one of the new replicas , ” said Justin Biddle , marketing manager for Umarex USA .
“ The H&K rifles are a natural succession to our product evolution .
In 2008 , we entered the .22 caliber rifle market with the Hammerli Sport 22SA and in 2009 we introduced Colt . 22 Tactical Rimfire Rifles . ”
The new H&K .22 Tactical Rimfire rifles have both metal upper and lower receivers for durability and authenticity .
They are available in the MP5 A5 and SD as well as the 416 Pistol and D145RS .
The rate of twist in the barrels for all models is a one in 13.75 inch with six grooves for optimum accuracy .
Each model boasts a front sight adjustable for elevation ( different posts are included with the MP5s ) and rear sight adjustable for wind and elevation for more precise shooting .
Additional features , such as the simplicity of the blowback operation , make the firearm easy to operate as well as enhance reliability .
The new Heckler & Koch replicas are available through select distributors , firearms dealers and national retailers .
The MP5s are available with 10 - or 25 - round magazines and the 416 with 10 - or 20 - round magazines .
The 416 rifle will begin shipping in late spring followed by the MP5 .
For additional information visit www.HK22Rimfire.com
About :
Umarex was established in 1972 as “ Uma Mayer Ussfeller GmbH ” and served the market for tear gas and signal pistols followed by air rifles .
After acquiring Reck Sportwaffen Fabrick Karl Arndt , they reorganized ultimately under Umarex .
The company ’s Reck PK 800 enjoys worldwide acclaim and appears on the market as the perfect replica of the Walther PPK .
Umarex has now become the largest maker of replicas by offering numerous German - made air guns , tear gas , signal pistols and now replica firearms .
Umarex is Europe ’s largest marketer of air rifles and Umarex USA is North America 's fastest growing airgun and replica tactical rimfire gun company .
Umarex USA markets their airguns , airsoft , paintball and tactical rimfire products under famous brands such as Walther , RWS , Smith & Wesson , Browning , Heckler & Koch , Ruger , Beretta , Colt , Magnum Research and others .
For additional information regarding Umarex USA visit www.UmarexUSA.com.
If wheels are n’t your thing you should really consider this tank - tread retrofit .
It comes with two ramps so that you can drive your car up onto the tread platform .
At first we thought this worked by chaining the vehicle ’s frame to the tread frame and transferring power through a tread - mill interface .
That ’s not the case , it seems the transmission needs to be disconnected from the wheels and joined with the tank mechanics .
Do n’t miss the video antics after the break .
[ via Digg ]
No region of the world has more strategic value to powerful U.S. transnational corporations and the military industrial complex than the arc of countries stretching from the Middle East to Central and South Asia .
If wars are going to be fought in the 21st century , the probability of them occurring in this region is high .
And the reasons are simple .
If you are thinking terrorist actions ( which are as much an effect as a cause of the instability in this part of the globe ) are the explanation , you just failed the quiz .
If on the other hand , your answer is oil and China , you aced it .
Together they give this far - flung territory its strategic importance .
Control of the region ’s vast oil supply assures a steady flow of this critical but finite natural resource ( without which the world economy would grind to a halt ) , stratospheric profits for the U.S. corporate energy complex , and enormous strategic leverage over foes ( and friends ) alike .
As for China , this vast country is the main strategic competitor to U.S. capitalism in the 21st century .
If U.S. economic and political power is in decline ( and I think it is ) , China ’s power is on the rise , thus making necessary – in the eyes of the corporate - energy - military crowd – an array of U.S. allied or client states bordering and hemming in China , whose energy needs not unimportantly are vast .
I say all this because listening to the conversation about Afghanistan in the media , one would think that this battered country has no strategic value , that the war is only about combating al - Qaeda and the Taliban .
But is this the case ?
It is true that Afghanistan is not a major oil or gas producer like petro states in the region , ( although some oil fields were recently discovered whose size is still unknown ) , but does it follow that securing control of this country is of no significance strategically for U.S. ruling circles ?
Do n’t think so !
For one thing , it shares a border with China .
For another thing , it sits in a region that is both in equal measure the main source of oil production and very unstable .
Thus from the standpoint of powerful interests in our country , turning Afghanistan into a friendly and reliable regime is considered of strategic importance .
It could give , for example , the U.S. military the ability to project power to one or another country in that region in a matter of minutes .
Thus the $ 64,000 question is :
How much blood , treasure , and goodwill in the Muslim world are we ready to sacrifice in this military occupation in order to establish a pro-U.S. government in that country ?
We know that U.S. ruling circles are not of one mind .
Some are ready for the long haul , while others are reluctant to make that kind of commitment to what already is protracted occupation .
President Obama , it appears and in contrast to his right - wing Republican counterparts , leans in the direction of extricating ourselves in the relatively near term .
Among other things , he is certainly mindful of the negative impact of the Vietnam quagmire on the presidency of Lyndon Johnson .
As for the U.S. people , they are tiring of this occupation .
Many are ready to bring the troops home expeditiously and give space to the United Nations and governments in the region , including representatives of the Afghani people , to sit down and search for a negotiated settlement that will bring some measure of peace , democracy , independence and development to the country .
In electing President Obama the hope was that we would begin to turn away from policies of aggression , sanctions , blockade and interference .
His first months in office were promising as he eloquently made the case for a new foreign policy .
And he has taken a number of steps in that direction .
Nevertheless , too many of his actions have contradicted his words and intentions .
It has also become clear that a powerful bloc of interests in Congress and the White House , the Pentagon , right - wing extremists , the military and energy complexes , conservative foreign policy lobbies , security agencies , etc. , are resisting all or any but the smallest adjustments in our country ’s role in the world arena .
Saying this does n’t let the president off the hook as far as Afghanistan is concerned ; no one else is as well positioned to redirect our foreign policy along the lines that he earlier articulated , but it will take courage to “ break from the pack . ”
Whether he does will depend in no small measure on the peace and people ’s movement , and to be fair too many among us have been a little asleep at the switch on this .
Mass sentiments against the Afghanistan war are one thing , but unless organized those sentiments will have a minimal impact on the administration ’s policy , including its positive initiatives .
David Notario's WebLog
7/17/2020
2 minutes to read
In this article
One of the first things I had to do when I started working in Outlook Web Access ( will call it OWA ...
Author : davidnotario Date : 01/13/2006
Short answer is yes .
One of the advantages of generating native code at runtime is that we know what ...
Author : davidnotario Date : 08/15/2005
Some very common questions I get from customers regarding floating point are : - I get different ...
Author : davidnotario Date : 08/08/2005
I ’ve seen some confusion in some MS internal mailing lists about when singletons are instantiated ...
Author : davidnotario Date : 07/19/2005
Would you like to join the CLR 's development team ?
We have 2 job openings for the Rotor project , the ...
Author : davidnotario Date : 06/15/2005
I get this question a lot ‘ When do class constructors ( .cctor ) get run ’
My answer is usually : ‘ It ...
Author : davidnotario Date : 02/08/2005
If you are writing a compiler that targets IL or just emitting IL , you may find this an interesting ...
Author : davidnotario Date : 02/04/2005
In a JIT compiler , inlining can become an expensive optimization ( compile time wise ) : it can involve ...
Author : davidnotario Date : 11/01/2004
Inlining is an optimization that can happen when you have calls .
The optimization consists in ...
Author : davidnotario Date : 10/28/2004
I 'll be doing a series of articles on how the x86 CLR JIT compiler works and the different ...
Author : davidnotario Date : 10/26/2004
Hi , my name 's David Notario .
I'm a developer in the x86 JIT compiler team in the CLR , although we 've ...
Author : davidnotario Date : 10/25/2004
A few weeks ago , I mentioned briefly that the Catholic church had threatened to pull out of Washington , D.C. , ending the social services they provide for thousands of people , if the city council passed a law recognizing same - sex marriage .
Well , the council did pass the bill , same - sex marriage is now legal in D.C. ( congratulations ! ) , and the church looks set to keep its promise , starting with the termination of their foster - care program .
They ’ve also decided to end spousal benefits for all employees , including terminating the benefits of existing employees , rather than give those benefits to same - sex partners .
Happily , as AU reports , this story has a positive ending : Since Catholic Charities has shut down their foster - care and adoption program , the service they used to provide will now be offered by other groups , including the National Center for Children and Families , that will get the public funding the Catholic group used to receive .
Well done , Washington , and shame on this despicable , bigoted church that would apparently rather see children go parentless than have to provide health insurance to gay people .
On a similar note , there ’s this story of a 5 - year - old who was expelled from a private Catholic preschool because his parents are lesbians :
In a statement sent to 9NEWS , the Archdiocese said , “ Homosexual couples living together as a couple are in disaccord with Catholic teaching . ”
… ” No person shall be admitted as a student in any Catholic school unless that person and his / her parent ( s ) subscribe to the school ’s philosophy and agree to abide by the educational policies and regulations of the school and Archdiocese , ” the statement said .
Editorial note :
Does this school plan to expel all students whose parents are divorced ?
Maybe they should also send around a questionnaire asking parents if they use birth control so they can expel the children of the ones who answer yes .
Of course , since something like 90 % of American adults , Catholics included , use contraception , this might lead to a fairly steep dropoff in those all - important tuition checks .
It seems politically safer to only target members of relatively small minorities for persecution , rather than actually try to apply their own rules consistently .
On the positive side , it seems clear that the staff who run the school were appalled by the open bigotry and hatred of their church superiors – another clear sign that American Catholics are more progressive than their benighted hierarchy :
School staff members , who asked to remain anonymous , say they are disgusted by the Archdiocese ’s decision .
… Staff members said they were not allowed to discuss the decision after it was made .
Some of them said they were disheartened to work at a school that preaches peace and love , but also makes this decision .
A memo to these staff members :
As this and the previous story make clear , Roman Catholicism does not preach love – at least not in the unconditional , universal sense we generally think of when using that word .
It preaches conditional , selective love – love only for people who are willing to submit to its insane dictates and obey the orders of the pompous frauds in charge – and that ’s a different animal altogether .
The church ’s shameless bigotry against gays and lesbians is all the more outrageous considering its own continuing crimes and hypocrisy .
I wrote in my last post on the Catholic church that , given the sex abuse scandals in America , Ireland and Germany , it was a statistical inevitability that more stories of child rapists among the clergy would appear in other countries as well .
Now similar allegations have been made in the Netherlands .
More amusingly , there ’s this scandal in the Vatican itself :
The Vatican was today rocked by a sex scandal reaching into Pope Benedict ’s household after a chorister was sacked for allegedly procuring male prostitutes for a papal gentleman - in - waiting .
Angelo Balducci , a Gentleman of His Holiness , was caught by police on a wiretap allegedly negotiating with Thomas Chinedu Ehiem , a 29 - year - old Vatican chorister , over the specific physical details of men he wanted brought to him .
And lastly , less amusingly , there ’s this story .
The Catholic church in Ireland has racked up a $ 14 million bill for victim compensation after letting sexual predators in the clergy run rampant for thirty years , and the Bishop of Ferns , Denis Brennan , is asking his parishioners to pass the collection plate to cover the costs .
As the Independent puts it :
In other words the Roman Catholic Church in Ferns is asking the victims of its own bitter failings to pay the price for the crime — it is a request which beggars belief .
At this point , the church ’s callousness and hypocrisy has been demonstrated ad nauseam , so this no longer shocks me .
The only thing that still surprises me is that a den of vipers like this one still thinks it has the authority to instruct the rest of us how we should treat our fellow human beings .
Personally , I think the Pope and his hirelings ought to turn over all the remaining predators to the police , sell off the treasures of the Vatican to pay their court costs , and spend a few decades in sackcloth and ashes before they should even think of venturing an opinion on moral topics again .
Postscript : Although it ’s not a sex scandal , there was one more story that came out just after I wrote this that I could n’t omit : the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops has banned voluntary end - of - life measures in the more than 600 Catholic hospitals and nursing homes around the country .
In other words , Catholic institutions will no longer honor patients ’ living wills stating that they do n’t wish to be kept alive by feeding tubes if they ’re irreversibly comatose or terminally ill .
Although the law protects patients from being subjected to any medical treatment against their will , it ’s easy to see how this decision could be used by Catholic hospital administrators to coerce grief - stricken families and patients who may not be capable of expressing their desires .
Even in the best case , it will almost certainly lead to more pointless suffering as patients who do n’t want to be kept artificially alive try to find another hospital to transfer to that will respect their wishes .
We need to publicize the evil and tyrannical pretensions of the bishops , and I suggest this slogan : “ If you want to have a feeding tube forcibly crammed down your throat or run through a hole cut into your stomach so you can be kept alive to suffer , then make sure you go to a Catholic hospital ! ”
Rupert Murdoch has suggested that News Corporation is likely to make its content unfindable to users on Google when it launches its paid content strategy .
When Murdoch and other senior News Corp lieutenants have criticised aggregators such as Google for taking a free ride on its content , commentators have questioned why the company does n’t simply make its content invisible to search engines .
Using the robots .
txt protocol on a site indicates to automated web spiders such as Google ’s not to index that particular page or to serve up links to it in users ’ search results .
Murdoch claimed that readers who randomly reach a page via search have little value to advertisers .
Asked by Sky News political editor David Speers why News has n’t therefore made its sites invisible to Google , Murdoch replied : “ I think we will . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Although he has previously talked at length about the role of aggregators , it is one of the first times Murdoch has discussed actually removing content from the search engines .
The market at London ’s Petticoat Lane , 1903 :
So many people , and so many of them young .
The market is every bit as crowded today , but the age mix is quite different .
In 1903 , Petticoat Lane was no longer towards London ’s eastern edge .
Beyond it now lay mile upon mile of Victorian brick terraces , still new : Bow , Silvertown , East and West Ham , Hackney , and , further north , Stoke Newington and Tottenham .
A new city as large as the old one had been built in little over 30 years .
That new city contained many of London ’s football clubs , and the clubs ’ presence there tells us a lot about the game , about urban and population growth and about just how a new area came to find its identity .
Identity is a problem , when you ’re cheek by jowl by a city built by the Romans .
Identity is a problem when your area looks exactly the same as every other new area that has appeared on the outskirts of old cities .
A new professional football club needs two things : space in which to build , and a sizeable , rapidly growing audience within easy reach of it .
Those two factors were present together in an economically viable way in the north before London and the south .
The north had spare land , yet a densely - packed and rapidly growing population in areas that lacked the diversions and entertainments that established settlements could turn to .
And it had expertise .
The football stadiuim was a new form of architecture .
Northern urban industry was posing all kinds of new challenges to building and architectural firms , and the ideas that arose to solve those challenges also proved relevant when it came to Goodison Park , St James ’ Park and Old Trafford .
At the end of the nineteenth century , before the rise of cinema , there was a period of opportunity in which a football ground would offer the principle form of mass entertainment in an area .
No theatre could hold as many people as Old Trafford – with a football stadium , you could surround your stage on all sides with revenue - earning audience space .
Most of a football ground was made up of standing terraces , too , so you could pack as many people in as you were able .
The football stadium was a weapon in a sporting arms race .
Businessmen had to wield it before their local rivals .
Local businessmen bought up the clubs that the churches and factories had founded , built huge grounds for them , and fought tooth and nail to get their clubs into the best possible league structure available to them as quickly as cash and corruption could carry them .
Time was short – no one knew how long the football craze would last .
The great British stadia went up in a fifteen year frenzy between 1895 ( Goodison ) and 1910 ( Old Trafford ) .
That surge of construction ceased with the end of dense urban population surge .
After World War
One , the cities would go into middle - aged spread : suburban semis and flats now , not terraces .
Football ’s youth and moment of opportunity had passed .
There are two aspects to nineteenth century urban population growth that show why football , although no longer in its astonishing phase of growth , survived and persisted after World War One .
They show how a craze could become a national institution , a sport as intrinsically British as cricket or steeplechasing .
The first is the astonishing growth in the British population across the last two thirds of the nineteenth century .
The famous pre-industrial cities of Britain – Edinburgh , Bristol , Norwich , Glasgow , Bath , London , Cambridge , Oxford , Salisbury , St Andrews , Aberdeen , Chester etc. – were established in a recognisable form with still - familiar street patterns before the Reformation .
They were the population centres of a pre-industrial Britain whose population swung up and down between two millon ( 1377 ) and six million ( 1342 and 1750 ) .
By comparison , about 1.5 million people attend league matches alone at Old Trafford each season .
By 1850 , the population had surged to 16 million .
By 1901 , with Goodison Park up and running , it had almost doubled again , reaching 30.5 million .
What is the psychological impact upon a United Kingdom when , within the space of less than a lifetime , there are twice as many people walking the streets ?
Of course , there was epic overcrowding , especially in Glasgow , which would remain the world ’s most densely populated city until World War II .
And there was housebuilding on a huge scale , although never enough to cope .
There were , in any case , no working definitions of what “ coping ” would look like .
But what did it feel like ?
There ’s surprisingly little proper work on this .
John Carey ’s
The Intellectuals and the Masses does at least recognize that there might have been a psychological impact , but he ’s content to use it as a means to humiliate the Bloomsburys by highlighting their elitist , eugenicist impulses .
Wealthy , upper middle class authors , Carey says , dreamed , not of electric sheep , but of enlightened mass murder and the promotion of high culture over the right to life of the low born .
At any rate , football , and not Bloomsbury , is directly relevant to how Britain actually did cope with its swarming population .
In 1848 , when football pioneers Arthur Kinnaird and Quintin Hogg were in curls , the prospect of a crowd of 100,000 gathering in London inspired a kind of controlled panic in government .
As Kennington Common filled with radicals and proto- socialists , London filled with soldiers .
Special constables were hurriedly recruited .
Snipers crowded the rooftops .
By the time Kinnaird was 54 , the FA Cup Final at Crystal Palace between Sheffield United and Tottenham Hotspur could attract an estimated 115,000 people .
A small number of unarmed bobbies came along to enjoy the sunshine and ice cream .
This was progress .
Football was helping bed in the idea that the British could assemble peacefully in large numbers without riot or disturbance .
A doubling of the population would cause disgust to Virginia Woolf and have her friends dreaming of class genocide .
But Bloomsbury had missed the point .
What was Crystal Palace 1901 all about , if it was n’t the back of the newspaper coming to the rescue of the front ?
Football , then , helped Britain process terrifying population growth , and demonstrated to government that , although there were twice as many people as before , those “ masses ” were capable of governing their lives in ways that were as civilized as any law and order obsessive could have desired .
That ’s not to say that there was no crowd disorder around professional football , or that professional football was respectable .
There was plenty , and it was n’t .
But population growth did n’t mean crime and breakdown : it meant busy turnstiles and a brisk sale for the post - match pink ‘un .
A population that was twice the size of 1850 ’s did n’t fit into the old towns and cities .
Even with increasing population density , 30 million Britons meant , in essence , that a new Britain , with its own new centres of population , had sprung into existence .
I ’ve already asked about the psychological consequences of population growth .
Now I ’d like to add another question .
What is the psychological experience of living in a new place , with everyone an “ incomer ” ?
If you run a list of pre-reformation towns and cities through your mind , images and symbols for each come immediately .
Wells Cathedral , Salisbury Cathedral , The Tower of London , Oxford ’s dreaming spires , Bath ’s Roman remains .
Now think of Gateshead , Middlesbrough , or Salford .
At the time of the football craze , these Coronation Street towns and cities were as new as Milton Keynes is now .
They were home to many thousands of people .
Only some of those people had come in from the depressed agricultural fields of Britain looking for work .
By 1900 , a large proportion of them were young children born to “ incomers ” living in new and – in truth – unlovely places .
There is a rootlessness to this existence that you can actually feel .
What would create place loyalty in those circumstances ?
Writing of her upbringing on a 1960s council estate , Lynsey Hanley said that there were times when she longed to have come from “ somewhere . ”
Her estate was n’t a place in as strong a way as a Hampstead or an Edinburgh New Town was .
Was it like this for the people of Victorian Gateshead or Middlesbrough ?
Rather than ask where people in such places could find a sense of place or group identity for themselves , we can simply observe what happened .
Liverpool ’s docks are a World Heritage Site , but if Liverpool were to catch fire , most people would choose to throw Anfield and Goodison into the overnight bag instead before making their escape .
( And if there ’s room , the Cavern Club .. )
The most famous building in Manchester is a football stadium .
The same can be said for Birmingham .
And Stoke .
And Glasgow .
And Bolton , and Preston , and Leeds .
When the football craze was first underway , no one anticipated that clubs would become the focus or external identity for the new and history - deficient incomers areas in which they were built .
By the time Manchester United changed their name from Newton Heath , there was an inkling of what was afoot .
But even then , no one knew how long football would last : the surviving literature of the time is too astonished by what had already happened to dare to look into a crystal ball .
And what had happened ?
Football clubs had been among the first things in these new places with their “ incomer ” populations and their new but bad housing and their smoky modern air and their brash shops and their electric trams to draw the local people around something of their own , to give them a way to say “ we are here , and this is us . ”
Loyalty to your home town is easy if your home town is Ludlow or Tewkesbury .
In Salford , in Gateshead , when they were new , and you were only there for work or by accident of birth , less so .
Football helped .
The surroundings might have been ugly , but your neighbours were honest , hardworking people , and your team carried that good news out to the rest of the world every time they played away from home .
These days , London is surrounded by new growth areas that appeared after the football craze had burnt itself out .
Bromley , Croydon , Sutton , Morden , Norbiton , Beckenham , and Penge are home to cumulative hundreds of thousands of people .
There are no famous buildings that symbolize these places for outsiders yet , and very little well - known history .
All of them are on the sites of ancient settlements , but in real terms , each of them is new , like Lindsey Hanley ’s estate .
What will happen there is yet to happen .
Like Gateshead and Middlesbrough when those places were young , they have economic existences , not spiritual or historical ones .
These things come in time .
Football helped the new ninetenth century Britain , with its 15 million new people , coalesce and find a sense of place and belonging .
But walk around Sutton or Morden today , and although you ’ll see plenty of Chelsea FC car stickers , it is n’t the same .
In travelling time , Sutton is further from Stamford Bridge than Edinburgh is from Glasgow .
Loyalty to Chelsea , in Sutton , is a loyalty borrowed from pre-War ancestors who lived in Sands End and Fulham and moved away .
Football gave Sands
End a name and feel : the memory of that happening in 1905 ca n’t do the same to suburbs in south London in 2010 .
Nor can the Conference and Ryman League clubs of Sutton and Carshalton .
What football did for Middlesbrough , it will probably never do again .
" The Intergalactic Nemesis " Live - Action Graphic Novel !
THE FICTION CIRCUS INTERVIEWS JASON NEULANDER
Austin creator Jason Neulander ( author of " Ghengis Khan : The Opera " ) has invented a whole new medium : the liiiiiiving commmmmic booooook !
He has turned his long - running serial radio show " The Intergalactic Nemesis " into a graphic novel and is now performing the whole mess as a live - action stage show where the individual comic book panels are projected -- in a movie theater -- behind live actors and foley artists .
" The year is 1933 .
Pulitzer Prize - winning reporter Molly Sloan and her intrepid research assistant Timmy Mendez team up with a mysterious librarian from Flagstaff , Arizona , named Ben Wilcott .
Together , they travel from Rumania to Scotland to the Alps to Tunis to the Robot Planet and finally to Imperial Zygon to defeat a terrible threat to the very future of humanity : an invading force of sludge - monsters from outer space known as the Zygonians ...
" It 's a comic book that everybody experiences together in a theater , with their elbows touching and popcorn squeaking on the bottoms of their shoes .
With sound effects .
And actors .
Imagine a whole bunch of bombastic thespians gathered below a movie screen , in your face , narrating comic book panels that mesmerize and baffle you ... The panels dissolve slowly enough that you can pay attention to both the screen and the people .
You can pick between art and humanity with your eye ... roving back and forth to make yourself drunk on narrative , delirious with color and sound ...*** We tracked Neulander down and interviewed him about the history of the project , pulp fiction in general , the movie industry , and why 1930 's patter is so goddamn snappy .*** I 'd love to see other comic books screened this way -- with the original panel art narrated and performed instead of turned into hokey , unexceptional " film adaptations " where wooden actors try to look as much as possible like awesome drawings .
Comic books are beautiful .
Live actors make you lean forward and pay attention .
Experiencing comic books together with a crowd full of people is exhilarating and right .
I like imagining the transitions between panels .
I like the combination of radiocraft , comicraft , and stagecraft , without the numbing , anodyne flatness of moviecraft .
Imagine your favorite Batman comics mounted this way ... or something even stranger , like Bechdel or Crumb .
This gives indie comic creators a chance to get their work into theaters without changing their product , diluting it , or making it broad and forgettable .
Imagine dragging all your friends to see comics like this , glorious page by glorious page , insanity heaped on insanity .
"
LET'S ALL DO A LOT OF MUSHROOMS AND GO SEE " THE FILTH .
" Eh ?
Eh ?*** You can buy the individual issues of " The Interglactic Nemesis " comic book here , with art by Austin 's Tim Doyle ( " Amazing Adult Adventures " ) .
Or , if radio drama is more your thing ...... you can listen to the entire original " Intergalactic Nemesis " radio drama here for free with music by Graham Reynolds ( " A Scanner Darkly " )
OR , if you want to see the comics and radio drama together and you live in Austin , you can see Episode 2 this weekend at the South Lamar Alamo Drafthouse ( Quentin Tarantino 's favorite movie theater ) before the opening of the 7 PM showing of " The Lightning Thief . "
The price of admission to " The Lightning Thief " gets you into " The Intergalactic Nemesis : Episode 2 " for free .
Anyway , living comic books .
Next big thing , maybe .
... or get it from Amazon UK
THE RUMORS AND bits about Intel ’s next generation core , Sandy Bridge , are starting to come out here and there , but several big chunks have still not been outed .
Here are a few of them .
Die shot of Sandy Bridge from CanardPC
The first and biggest is n’t immediately apparent , but it becomes a little more obvious in the die shot below , taken from here .
Several people who are much better at picking out chip structures have pointed out that the chip has a ring bus just like it ’s older brother , Becton .
Die shot from IDF 2009
It is pretty clear that four cores do not need a ring bus .
Intel has Nehalem ’s at four cores , Westmere ’s are slated for six , AMD ’s Barcelona and Shanghai are at four , and its Istanbul is at six .
While Intel could have gotten away with eight cores on Becton without a ring bus , the added uncore bits probably made it worth the additional effort .
That is the basis for a lot of interesting things hinted at by Intel ’s increasing talk of modularity .
Sandy Bridge does not need the ring bus , but it brings two things onto the die itself that probably do , graphics and PCIe .
If you look at both die shots , the lower left corner is blanked out , and that is where the PCIe controllers would be .
Llano has four PCIe controllers on die , but we do n’t think Sandy Bridge will have nearly that many for the low end parts .
Having a ring bus means that Intel can add or subtract features with much more ease than doing things the ‘ old way ’ .
Instead of having to do most of the heavy lifting on interconnects again for a new variant or core count , they can just add a ring stop .
The same goes for uncore features , you can add a GPU , PCIe controller , memory controller , or likely even cache with with a fair bit of ease .
If it was even possible with the older chips , it took a lot more time and effort .
That is where Sandy Bridge will likely shine , flexibility .
Intel will be able to make more dies for more markets with a lot less cost , and niches that were not considered before are now within reach .
Dare we dream of an i6 or something with more than 5 stars ?
Intel is also starting to not fear outsiders like it did before .
It was dragged into opening Atom , feet first , kicking and screaming all the way , but it did that .
While the initiative may have fizzled out , there is no doubt that Intel learned quite a bit from the experience .
It looks like Intel could open up Sandy Bridge , or possibly Ivy Bridge to external IP , should it be accompanied by a large enough check .
The last bit is something that most people wo n’t think is a big deal , but it is quite possibly the biggest bang of the new chip .
Intel is going to rearrange the internal architecture of Sandy Bridge to an extent that insiders tell us has n’t really been done since the Pentium Pro back in the middle ages .
The precise details are very hazy , but signs point to much greater flexibility , especially in terms of memory operations .
All in all , Sandy Bridge is going to be quite a change from what we see today .
Integrated GPUs and PCIe lanes are the obvious bits that everyone will point to , but the big changes are under the hood .
The bus is new , the microarchitecture is very different , and the ability to add and subtract bits is unprecedented on a consumer x86 chip .
It will be quite interesting , and its successor , Ivy Bridge will likely exploit the potential to a much greater extent .
S|A
The Principle of Bullshit The Principle of Bullshit recognizes that things that are n't true just are n't true .
It does n't matter how many people believe it - it does n't matter that people have believed it for thousands of years - it does n't matter if you want to believe it - bullshit is bullshit - and if it is n't true - it is n't true .
There is a difference between something being true and something not being true .
The Principle of Bullshit is all about refusing to live the lie ; to be able to call something the way it really is .
It is the ability to face the reality of being wrong so as to create a starting point to make a better choice .
It is to accept that you can't truly pursue reality if you continue to believe in things that are n't real .
You may have made a mistake - or millions of people might have made the same mistake for thousands of years .
But when you know it 's all bullshit then you have to call it - accept it - and move in the Sacred Direction .
If you 're a Realist then by definition you are supposed to give up what 's not real - or at least admit your denial if you are n't ready to face reality .
Bullshit is bullshit no matter how many people believe in it .
Truth must be purified through scrutiny and doubt .
There is nothing that rises above these tests .
Anything that is prohibited from being questioned , is not subject to doubt or scrutiny , is assumed to be bullshit per se .
If you are required to believe something without question then that something is bullshit , even if it turns out to be true .
( Of course it could n't turn out to be true unless it were tested against some objective standard .
And if so tested , it would be subject to doubt and therefore no longer bullshit per se . )
There are those who would twist the truth , be misleading , tell half truths , hide the truth , use double meanings and distort definitions , be deceitful and deceptive , and flat out lie .
People would require you to accept beliefs on faith and prohibit you from questioning those beliefs .
Faith is often used to deceive people because it prohibits scrutiny , doubt , and accountability .
This is not the way of the Church of Reality .
We embrace doubt and scrutiny for the purification of truth .
The Tree of Knowledge is built on what is real and what is true .
Bullshit that is passed off as reality poisons the Tree of Knowledge and creates a weakness in knowledge itself .
It creates a rotten spot in the Tree .
It inhibits growth and holds back our development as a race of humans .
It keeps us from developing in a positive direction .
Part of the Sacred Duties of the Church of Reality is the purification of knowledge through the expression of doubt .
We choose to expunge the bullshit through doubt and scrutiny and to replace it with what 's real .
The Principle of Bullshit asserts a duty to resist the powers of bullshit by questioning everything .
This moves us towards reality the way it really is .
It requires courage , humility , wisdom , doubt , and strength of character to go against the cult mind and refuse to live the lie .
< Prev Next >
Newsflash
The IRS has approved the 501 ( C ) 3 tax exempt status of the Church of Reality .
Please link to us , discuss us in online forums , and blog about us .
Every time anyone thinks about reality the world becomes a little smarter .
Spelling and Grammar errors ?
spelling@churchofreality.org - please identify page and location in the page of the error .
The Church of Reality is a non-prophet organization .
" Reality ® " and " Church of Reality ® " are registered trademarks of the Church of Reality .
Congestion Pricing Can Help Save Working NYC Families $ 2,300 Per Year
Without congestion pricing , fare hikes will hit New York ’s many transit - using families hard .
Image : Ed Yourdon via Flickr
Without bold action from legislators to fund transit , middle - class New York families will have to spend $ 2,300 more per year
to get around the city even as the quality of the service they ’re
paying for declines , according to a new analysis released today by John Petro of the Drum Major Institute .
The choice for policymakers , Petro writes , should be clear : Congestion pricing could raise $ 420 million in new annual revenue , enough to close most of the MTA ’s current budget deficit and spare working New Yorkers the brunt of painful fare hikes and service cuts .
DMI is a progressive think - tank based in New York City with an explicit focus on middle class issues .
Today ’s report puts the economic and equity impacts of congestion pricing front and center .
If the MTA tries to balance its budget with only service cuts and fare hikes , Petro estimates that a transit - dependent family of four will be forced to spend an additional $ 2,300 a year to get around the city .
Fully 55 percent of New Yorkers commute to work via transit .
In contrast , only five percent commute into the CBD by car , and they are disproportionately affluent [ PDF ] .
" One of the most frustrating arguments against congestion pricing is that it would disproportionately hit the middle class , " said Petro .
" It ’s frustrating because it ’s so plainly untrue . "
The DMI report makes a strong case for why congestion pricing is exactly the kind of policy that supports New York ’s middle class .
What ’s more , Petro argues , congestion pricing would be the most fiscally and environmentally responsible way to fund the MTA .
Congestion pricing would n’t force the MTA to raid its capital budget just to keep buses and trains running and would also take 100,000 cars off the road , improving bus service for millions and reducing both greenhouse gas emissions and asthma- causing air pollution .
The MTA needs to balance its budget , one way or the other .
Congestion pricing offers a fiscally sustainable and socially equitable revenue stream with major environmental benefits .
That said , Petro ’s numbers show that the MTA ’s $ 783 million deficit — caused principally by declining revenues and shrinking government funding — ca n’t be closed solely with the $ 420 million that Mayor Bloomberg ’s 2007 congestion pricing plan was projected to raise per year .
The details of the plan could be tweaked , however .
" Some form of congestion pricing could be created to raise enough revenue to close the gap , if that ’s what the goal is , " Petro said .
If Albany gets its act together , could congestion pricing be passed quickly enough to avert the current crisis ?
Petro believes it ’s possible , although to get the money in time for this budget cycle , he says the MTA will have to take out an expensive short - term loan .
That ’s a small price to pay when the alternative is to collect $ 2,300 more in fares from every transit - riding family of four in New York City .
" If another source of revenue is not found , that is what we ’re looking at , " said Petro .
I like it that Sarah Palin talks about smaller government , and that her very existence makes the lying incumbents in Washington nervous .
I like that she cultivates a persona of simple straight talk — even innocence .
But the problem with Sarah is that , like so many Americans , she ’s never really thought too deeply about the State .
In actual fact , her life , rogue or not , is the story of state subsidy , state employment , state redistribution of wealth , state corruption and state centralizing power .
Children of the 60s are the special children of both the warfare state and the welfare state , that scientific bureaucratic corporate state that Ike warned of in 1961 fifty years ago .
And Sarah Palin , bless her heart , is devoted to her parents .
Her human parents had careers in the public school system .
Dad was a science teacher , and mom a school secretary in Idaho , and in Alaska as well .
They believed in public schooling .
Sarah and her siblings were schooled by the state , as were and are Sarah ’s kids .
It likely never occurred to the Palins to do otherwise , even though in Idaho and Alaska , home and independent schooling is very popular .
In fact , Alaska is the best state in the nation for home schooling .
The Home School Legal Defense Association ( HSLDA ) reports :
There is no government oversight of home education in Alaska .
This means that there is no prescribed curriculum , no state testing or other evaluations , no minimum number of days of instruction , and no teacher qualifications .
Parents are not even required to notify state officials that they intend to homeschool their children .
If you like this site , please help keep it going and growing .
But Alaska is a state where there may be too few people for the central state to worry about educating , when in fact it already controls so many of them .
In terms of U.S. military spending , since World War II , Alaska has been a major recipient of defense spending and construction .
In terms of federal real estate , Alaska is nearly 70 % federal property .
Only Nevada has a greater percentage of federally owned land , at close to 85 % .
I lived in Alaska between 1983 and 1986 , courtesy of my military assignment .
We loved the place , and bought into the idea that people could live as they pleased in the last frontier .
But that was more an ideal than a reality .
Most high - paying jobs there were state or federal , and private companies were often dependent on state and federal subsidies for health , education , natural resources or at the time , construction and maintenance of the Alaska pipeline .
Among military transplants from the lower 48 , there was a sense that if you or your spouse did n’t have a government subsidized job or a retirement check — you might be living at a subsistence level in a place that is cold and dark for half the year .
By subsisting , I mean living without the comfort and consumptive variety that most Americans take for granted .
By subsisting , I mean a decrease in the overall economic benefit that comes from specialization and trade , due primarily to a geographic scarcity of non-government employed people actually producing useful things .
This is Alaska — a state of contradictions , a place where a vision of lovely freedom is contrasted by the reality of high per capita government activity and employment .
So when liberty lovers watch Sarah Palin , and are inspired by some of the things she says , we must recognize how she was made .
The chatter this weekend relates to something Sarah said on FoxNews .
As Gomer Pyle would say , " Surprise , surprise , surprise . "
It ’s more war .
In figuring out how Obama could be a better , more popular President , Palin suggested , " [ He could decide ] to declare war on Iran or … to come out and do whatever he could to support Israel , which I would like him to do . ”
Some will say she ’s ignorant , others that she is genius .
Certainly , the Christian right and the Israel lobby together demand that statements like this be made early and often , and it is they who help make $ 500 a plate dinner speeches possible .
But I think that the problem with Sarah is simply that she just has n’t thought enough about the state , how it lives ( parasitically ) and why it survives ( redistribution and fear ) .
Growing up as a member of the great publicly employed in Alaska is probably the worst way to critically understand the welfare and warfare state ; no matter how bad they are , you always love your Mommy and your Daddy .
Mere Christianity C. S. Lewis Best Price : $ 2.00 Buy New $ 9.13 ( as of 09:05 EST - Details )
She learned that freedom looks like government protecting you .
She learned that liberty means doing what is good for the state .
As a Republican ( in Alaska , there are mostly libertarians , independents and Republicans , and she gravitated to the most statist option ) , she likes the idea of small government and non-interference .
But as a child of the warfare - welfare state , she will build bridges to nowhere at home , and repeatedly blow them up overseas , without a hint of irony .
Sarah Palin has said publicly that she loves to read C.S. Lewis .
Lewis , a believer , posited the state and the individual through a lens of Christianity .
He wrote ,
" … Christianity asserts that every individual human being is going to live for ever , and this must be either true or false .
. . .
And immortality makes this other difference , which , by the by , has a connection with the difference between totalitarianism and democracy .
If individuals live only seventy years , then a state , or a nation , or a civilisation , which may last for a thousand years , is more important than an individual .
But if Christianity is true , then the individual is not only more important but incomparably more important , for he is everlasting and the life of the state or civilisation , compared with his , is only a moment .
~ C.S. Lewis , Mere Christianity
Sarah Palin is still learning , like all of us , and there is hope .
But if she wants more war , while certainly not very Christian of her or even necessary , she should look for opportunities closer to home .
The Best of Karen Kwiatkowski
Pool miljonit britti tunnistas , et peseb oma voodilinu umbes kolm korda aastas , iga kuues küsitletu aga vastas , et ootab voodipesu vahetamisega vähemalt kuu , kirjutab Telegraph .
Ekspertide hinnangul võib ühes räpases voodis elada kuni kümme miljonit voodilutikat , rääkimata seal leiduvatest surnud naharakkudest ja tolmulestadest , mis kokku võivad moodustada kuni kümnendiku ühe pesemata padja kogukaalust .
Uuringust selgus ka , et kõige mustemad voodilinad on alla 25 - aastastel noortel , samal ajal kui üle 55 - aastased vahetavad voodipesu keskmiselt kolm korda kuus .
Tervisespetsialisti Lisa Ackerley sõnul on pesemata voodilinad hea kasvulava igasugustele haigustele .
Ning kui mõelda , kui paljud britid voodis süüa armastavad - pole siis ime , kui voodist saab tõeline bakterite , viiruste , higi ja karvade miiniväli , mis võib näiteks astmat tekitada .
Tüüpilises kasutatud voodimadratsis elab lisaks ka 100 000 kuni 10 miljonit tolmulesta .
« Voodiriiete pesemine nõuab küll aega ja vaeva , kuid vähendab soovimatute organismide ja lestade hulka , mist õttu oleks soovitatav voodilinu pesta vähemalt kord nädalas , » rääkis Ackerley väljaandele .
Uuringu läbiviijate sõnul on voodi tavaliselt üks kõige rohkem kasutuses olevaid ja ka kallimaid esemeid kodus , mistõttu on hämmastav , et nii paljud inimesed seda puhtana ei taha hoida .
Verkehrsprojekt Bohmte hat Deutschlands erstes Zentrum ohne Schilder
Keine Ampel , kein Stoppschild , kein Halteverbot : Bohmte in Niedersachsen ist offiziell die erste Gemeinde Deutschlands , in deren Zentrum kein Verkehrshinweis mehr steht .
Außer rechts vor links gilt hier nur noch : bitte Rücksicht nehmen .
SAN JOSE , Calif . —
The next step on the comeback trail for Detroit Red Wings defenseman Andreas Lilja is a big one : a real game , with high intensity and contact .
The Red Wings have assigned Lilja to AHL affiliate Grand Rapids for an LTI ( long - term injury ) conditioning stint .
He will play his first game in more than 11 months Wednesday , when the Griffins visit the Rockford IceHogs .
The stint is for three games ( Wednesday , Friday and Saturday ) with an option to appeal the NHL for an additional two games ( Feb. 9 and 12 ) , which is likely .
He does not count against the salary cap or the 23 - man roster limit during the stint .
“ He gets a three - game trial run to get a feel for where his game is at , playing in a pro league with physical contact , ” Red Wings general manager Ken Holland said .
The Red Wings ’ medical staff will evaluate Lilja ’s condition at the end of the stint .
If he is deemed ready to play , he will be activated .
If doctors say he is not ready for NHL action , Lilja can accept their evaluation or appeal and get further medical opinions .
Lilja suffered a concussion on Feb. 28 , 2009 , on a punch to the chin from Nashville defenseman Shea Weber .
He has been practicing with the Red Wings for several months and has been headache - free for the past three weeks .
“ He ’s excited because he feels good every day , ” Holland said .
“ He told me he wants to get the wheels in motion and do whatever it takes to get back to playing .
“ We got to see where his health is at and where his game is at .
If we get good reports and good news on Lilja , we ’ll have to make some ( roster ) decisions . ”
Holland said the Red Wings would need to clear two roster spots and about $ 2 million from their cap with the return of Johan Franzen , who is scheduled to be back Feb. 9 in St. Louis , and Lilja .
Postcards from Human Achievement Hour
One of the rewards of blogging is knowing that , in my own small way , my work here has the potential to inspire others .
Sorry .
It 's hard to type with this lump in my throat .
Kelowna , BC - before and during " Earth Hour " .
OMG is this cute or what ?
Is there anything more heartwarming than a child 's first private Urban Heat Island Effect experience ?
They 'll remember this night for the rest of their lives , Jay .
You 're a great dad .
Posted by Kate at March 28 , 2010 1:59 AM
A cat who got her head trapped in an empty tin can managed to find her way to an animal rescue centre to get help .
Despite not being able to see , the pet avoided danger to reach help without getting hurt .
Scottish SPCA
Wildlife Rescue Centre experts safely removed the can and checked her to make sure she was OK .
The young cat has recovered well and is now living in Edinburgh at a home for lost and abandoned pets while they try to track down her owner .
The cat was pleased to escape the can
Colin Seddon from the rescue centre said : " Luckily no damage was done and the little cat was very pleased to be freed .
" We think it 's likely that she was scavenging and came across this discarded tin of cat food . "
Friendly
When she was found , the cat was wearing a black collar with bright green cats eyes on it .
The people who helped her escape the can say she 's friendly and has been well looked after .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Indian tennis star Sania Mirza is to marry Pakistani cricketer Shoaib Malik , the family of India 's most successful woman tennis player confirmed .
Mirza 's father said Malik , the former cricket captain of Pakistan , and his daughter would move to Dubai after the marriage , expected next month .
He added that she planned to continue playing tennis once she had recovered fully from a wrist injury .
Reports say the wedding celebrations will be held in both countries .
Sania Mirza is ranked 92 in world women 's tennis
Receptions are expected in the Indian city of Hyderabad , where Mirza lives , and the Pakistani city of Lahore .
Broken engagement
Mirza , 23 , said she hoped to be fully fit to represent India in the upcoming Commonwealth Games and the Asian Games .
In a career often hit by injuries , Mirza touched a high of 34 in world rankings and is currently placed at 92 .
Malik , 28 , is among seven leading Pakistani players who are serving a one - year ban imposed by the Pakistan Cricket Board on various charges during a recent tour of Australia .
Pakistan lost all three Tests , five ODIs and the only Twenty20 match on the tour which ended in February .
Malik is serving a ban on playing cricket for Pakistan
Earlier this month , the Pakistan Cricket Board gave permission to Malik to play in a domestic Twenty20 league in Bangladesh .
Mirza was officially betrothed to a family friend , Sohrab Mirza , last July in a lavish ceremony but broke off the engagement in January , saying that they had " found ourselves incompatible " .
Just before that betrothal , two men allegedly tried to barge into Mirza 's home , demanding that she marry them .
Both allegedly claimed to be smitten by her beauty and said they had fallen in love with her .
" Nothing is so fatiguing as the eternal hanging on of an uncompleted task .
~ William James " (*) QuoteGarden.com
The frustration of conservation groups at the outcome of Thursday 's tuna trade discussions was almost palpable .
... FISH can be finicky dinner - party fare , especially for the distracted cook .
... ~ADS ~
Image by ockstyle via Flickr
Join The Food Styling and Photography Club on Facebook to improve your skills in food photography and food styling , learn something about cooking and enjoy the visual .
You are not logged in .
Login or Signup
So Alan Moore is one of the disciples ?
This all makes sense now .
archived ) ( , Thu 4 Mar 2010 , 18:02 ,
hahaha
yes , yes it does .
( , Thu 4 Mar 2010 , 18:03 , archived ) ( , Thu 4 Mar 2010 , 18:03 ,
Matthew , Mark , Luke , John and Alan
( , Thu 4 Mar 2010 , 18:05 , archived ) ( , Thu 4 Mar 2010 , 18:05 ,
is that an otter crossed with the pubes found in a plughole ?
( , Thu 4 Mar 2010 , 18:03 , archived ) ( , Thu 4 Mar 2010 , 18:03 ,
i was expecting a clever filename pun
it 's actually much better :D ( , Thu 4 Mar 2010 , 18:04 , archived ) ( , Thu 4 Mar 2010 , 18:04 ,
* agrees heartily *
( , Thu 4 Mar 2010 , 18:15 , archived ) ( , Thu 4 Mar 2010 , 18:15 ,
For Alan Moore
Read all the frustrated self - aggrandizing loners who turn to writing graphic novel fiction ( , Thu 4 Mar 2010 , 18:08 , archived ) ( , Thu 4 Mar 2010 , 18:08 ,
Sign me up for that !
( , Thu 4 Mar 2010 , 18:11 , archived ) ( , Thu 4 Mar 2010 , 18:11 ,
:)
( , Thu 4 Mar 2010 , 18:02 , archived ) ( , Thu 4 Mar 2010 , 18:02 ,
Those ones at the bottom can see right up his loincloth !
( , Thu 4 Mar 2010 , 18:03 , archived ) ( , Thu 4 Mar 2010 , 18:03 ,
Bonus points
for incorporating Transmetropolitan , have a click .. ( , Fri 5 Mar 2010 , 1:52 , archived ) ( , Fri 5 Mar 2010 , 1:52 ,
Haha , great .
:) ( , Fri 5 Mar 2010 , 19:27 , archived ) ( , Fri 5 Mar 2010 , 19:27 ,
excellent , except instead of journal it should read
BLOG . ( , Fri 5 Mar 2010 , 23:05 , archived ) ( , Fri 5 Mar 2010 , 23:05 ,
Interior design may seem like a task that is too difficult for people with no experience in the craft .
However , with some information on what to do and not do , you will find that you can achieve a lot by simple adjustments and inclusions .
Here are some tips to have at the back of your mind as you embark on a journey to make your house look better .
Take out what you do not need
There are probably a lot of things in your home that makes it look less attractive than you know .
This is because that old sofa with a sagging cover holds sentimental value to you but really hurts the appearance of the entire room .
By getting rid of things that look old or worn out you will be opening up yourself to the possibilities that are available for replacement .
You will also be able to view your house with a better perspective after taking out anything that you do not need .
Think of a color theme
The last thing you want is to have a house that has all sorts of mixed colors with no clear point on what you want to achieve .
The paint in any house determines a lot including the beauty , perceived size , and organization of the people living there .
It is with this in mind that you need to come up with a basic color theme which can be built on as you progress .
Most professional interior designers choose a primary color for the entire house and then make slight distinctions from one room to another depending on the overall appeal they wish to achieve .
If you are not an expert in colors talk to someone with some knowledge for advising and direction on how to achieve what you want .
You can fake height and size
A house that looks squeezed tends to give out a negative feeling to people in it .
It looks small and crowded when guests are in .
To fake height , consider buying low design furniture .
This will give an impression that the ceiling is really high .
Another trick you can use is the inclusion of mirrors on walls .
This often creates an impression that there is plenty of space still left in the room .
Do not put a lot of furniture in a small room because it will look disorganized and congested .
Small rooms look better with slim furniture while large rooms can be better with big sized furniture .
Lighting is important
The way natural light enters the room may affect how it really looks especially considering the color of paint that you use on the walls .
Blinds that are put on the windows should be easy to open up and allow light to easily enter .
Dark curtains may make the room appear dark even during the day so it may be wise to pick those ones that are easy to push to the sides of the window or those that can tie up in the middle of the window in a neat knot .
Another aspect of lighting can be introduced by the use of bulbs which may be bright or dim depending on what you want to achieve for each room .
Showcase interior decoration
Decorations are often meant to attract the eyes which is why you should not put them at the periphery of the room .
Instead , put your antiquities in the center of the room or in front of areas that people are likely to look at .
Decorations at the back of the sofa do not achieve the desired results but those a few centimeters away from the television or on living room tables can make your home beautiful .
Keep everything clean
Cleanliness is one of the most important aspects of interior design .
If your windows are stained or mirrors look dirty your house may not be a pleasant place to be in .
This is why you need to carefully choose blinds , shades & window treatments that you use .
Make sure that you use the right tools and products for keeping everything sparkling clean .
Mix instead of matching on the table
While in the past most people preferred matching items on the table the new trend is to mix up things .
Use online stores to shop around for glassware and silverware .
Whatever pleases your eyes is game because there is really no rule when it comes to mixing up things on the table .
Be firm on safety
Everything you do must be able to withstand the test of safety .
A house with kids running around should not have sharp objects hanging loosely from unstable edges or surfaces because a slight bump into anything may cause disaster .
Keep your fragile items such as televisions on flat surfaces or fasten them on wall mounts .
Get rid of any sharp edges that may bruise people that accidentally rub on the sides .
— A former Knightdale Domino's Pizza delivery driver says his employer told him he must repay the money stolen from him when he was attacked and robbed on the job Wednesday night .
" I just feel like my life was threatened .
I do n't see why I should have to pay $ 61 back , " Trevor Johnson said Friday .
" I think it 's crazy . "
Johnson , 20 , said he was delivering to a Raleigh apartment Wednesday night when five people wearing red bandanas attacked him and took his money , cell phone and the pizzas .
" As soon I turned to the left , I got hit in the face , and I went down , and they just started stomping me , " he said .
" If you look at my lips , it 's busted across my two front teeth .
My bottom lip got busted .
My nose got busted pretty bad . "
Johnson said he returned to the store and quit .
Before he left though , he said , his manager told him he had to pay back the stolen money .
" No final decision has been made yet , but there is a companywide policy that says drivers are not supposed to carry more than $ 20 on them at any time , " storeowner Pat O'Leary said Friday .
O'Leary said the policy is in place to help prevent drivers from becoming robbery targets .
He 's waiting until the police investigation is complete before deciding whether the money has to be repaid .
" I feel like , if I did n't have anything to give the dudes , they might not have stopped attacking me , " Johnson said .
Raleigh police have since arrested Shaequan Johnson , 16 , Lyndon Ore , 16 , and Joshua Bishop , 18 , all of Raleigh , and are looking for two other suspects in the case .
They are charged with one felony count each of strong - arm robbery and conspiracy to commit armed robbery , a Raleigh police spokeswoman said .
They were in the Wake County jail Friday under a $ 25,000 bonds .
" I 'm just glad they got caught , " Johnson said .
" I 'm hoping they have to serve some time or something . "
Coincidentally , the Domino's Pizza where Johnson worked is the same store where Kenneth " Kenny " Ring was found beaten Jan .
9 . He died from his injuries two days later .
Police have said it appears Ring was injured in an apparent robbery , and they are still seeking suspects in the case .
Anyone with information , regardless of how insignificant it might seem , should call Knightdale police at 919-217-2261 .
A reward for information leading to an arrest in the case is more than $ 20,000 .
Terminal Lance # 23 “ Literally ”
I think sometimes the crude sayings and terminology go widely unchecked , despite how common they are .
I know this is a common statement made in the Marine Corps , at least since I ’ve been in .
I heard it the first time in bootcamp , then I heard it at SOI , then I heard it at the fleet at some point multiple times .
I ’m not sure who was first to say it , but sometimes I wonder if they genuinely did have male genitalia growing from their forehead–and simply used the statement to fuck with Marines .
For whatever it ’s worth , there is no resounding statement to be made with this strip ; it really just boils down to me wanting to see someone with a dick growing out of their forehead .
Out of respect for the fact that most people probably look at Terminal Lance at work , I censored the dick portion of the dick joke .
No one forced me to , I just figured it would be easier than labeling the strip “ NSFW ” .
I recently had a long conversation regarding Terminal Lance with the base attorney –the JAG , as they ’re known–and he gave me some very useful information .
Among which , knowing that I ’m not actually breaking any rules is nice to know .
Maybe there will be a day where I snap and decide to do something stupid , but I highly doubt it .
Nope , unfortunately for anyone looking to bust me , I ’m just a regular guy with a good sense of humor and a penchant for drawing .
I never claimed to hate the Marine Corps or anything therein , I just like to make fun of it .
In other , much more interesting news , there was a winner to the tattoo contest !
The Winner to the Tattoo Contest :
Cpl Vince Padilla will be receiving the original artwork for the tattoo autographed and framed by me .
Lets all give him a big round of applause for being so fucking full of awesome .
For those of you that did n’t win the artwork : if you actually got the tattoo , send me the pictures and I ’ll put them up on the site for everyone to see along with your name .
In site news , I ’ve added another Google ad on the bottom .
While I can’t legally encourage you to click on them , I will say that they do help me out if you do …
The act of drawing and writing a web comic in of itself does n’t exactly ring in the bucks , but the ads bring in a little .
While this was never really a venture of money , someone suggested to me that I add a PayPal donation insert to try and collect some extra money .
Frankly , I do n’t like the idea of begging for money .
It makes me feel a little too much like the asshole over at Ctrl + Alt + Del and his dreadfully unfunny comic .
I am exploring ways to make some money off the site but it ’s a hit or miss process .
In the mean time , if you see something that appeals to you , feel free to click on the Google ads .
* wink * wink *
It has a street name of ' bubble ' , but mephedrone , which can be bought over the internet , is causing serious health problems
Growing numbers of teenagers and young people are receiving emergency medical treatment after being harmed by a legal drug that has the same effects as ecstasy and cocaine .
Users of mephedrone are ending up with nose bleeds and burns , paranoia , heart palpitations , insomnia and memory problems .
Some have had such a strong reaction to it that their hearts have stopped and they have had to be resuscitated .
The drug – also known as " drone " , " bubble " or " meow meow " – is causing concern to NHS staff , drug workers and the police , who are powerless to control it because it is legal .
It comes in powder , tablet , crystal or liquid form and is ­marketed as plant food or bath salts , often via the internet .
Mephedrone sparked concern in November when it was linked to the death of 14 - year - old schoolgirl Gabrielle Price in Brighton , although police later said she died from bronchopneumonia .
However , Sweden is one of a number of European countries concerned about the safety of this and several " legal highs " .
Its popularity is in part because it is cheaper and more effective than ecstasy and cocaine , easy to obtain and involves no threat of prosecution , according to the forthcoming issue of Druglink magazine .
Dealers in Britain are spending £ 2,500 to ship one kilogram from China , then sell it at £ 10 a gram for a profit of £ 7,500 , it reports .
In York , the city 's main Hospital is experiencing a rise in the number of A&E admissions linked to the drug .
Most were teenagers or those in their early 20s who had been to a nightclub .
Their symptoms included anxiety , a racing heart - rate , convulsions , paranoia and palpitations .
A local police officer said some users of the drug had needed to be resuscitated after their hearts had stopped .
Aggression is another of the drug 's potential side - effects .
" We have had officers assaulted by people high on it and two people have collapsed in the street .
This drug is becoming more prevalent " , said Inspector Kevin Tuck of Durham Police .
Another local man took 36 hours to come down from his mephedrone high and was then still seriously paranoid afterwards , Tuck added .
In West Yorkshire , police have warned that mephedrone is proving popular among 14 - to 25 - year - olds and that it could lead to mental or physical damage .
Last week a 17 - year - old sixth - former collapsed at school in Pocklington in the East Riding of Yorkshire after taking a dose and was taken to hospital .
In Dundee , five users had non-fatal overdoses during one weekend alone in November .
Dundee drugs worker Gareth Balmer said the city was " awash " with mephedrone , which locals call " bubbles " .
It first appeared there in early 2009 .
" It may have a cute name , but it 's very dangerous , " said Balmer .
Martin Barnes , the chief executive of Drugscope , said the rapidly rising number of online vendors of the drug was playing a key role in its booming popularity .
" The ease with which people can buy mephedrone and the speed at which it appears to have grown is clearly a concern , " he said .
" Mephedrone has been linked to a number of hospital admissions in recent months and it appears users can become dependent on it .
Treatment services are starting to report people coming forward with physical and mental health ­problems linked to mephedrone use .
It 's vital that drug workers have guidance on how to support them . "
The Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs ( ACMD ) , the government 's advisers on illicit substances , wrote to the home secretary , Alan Johnson , last month warning that while the potential harms of " legal highs " were still unknown , they " could have serious public health implications " .
Professor Les Iversen , the ACMD 's interim chairman , said it was taking urgent action about mephedrone because of members ' concern about its spread .
It plans to hold evidence sessions to try to find out more about the scale of its use and the harms associated with it .
The ACMD is expected to advise Johnson to make mephedrone illegal under the Misuse of Drugs Act .
But dealers have told Druglink that even if that happens , other substances which are chemically similar but different enough to remain legal would emerge .
The ACMD has told Johnson that five other synthetic psychoactive cathinone derivatives similar to mephedrone are already widely available .
Defining “ Extremism ” Down
If you do n’t believe big government liberalism has its roots in the ideology of the professional classes , or that it ’s centrist and managerial at its heart , just take a look at what mainstream liberals regard as “ extreme ” these days .
A while back , a newspaper columnist in my town called out gun rights advocates for believing their guns might be necessary someday to defend them against government tyranny .
The idea that “ our ” government might turn against us in this day and age , she said , was “ unthinkable . ”
As I ’ve said before in regard to others of her worldview , the fact that she dismisses outright the possibility of government authoritarianism says more about her own pink suburban background and the Officer Friendly world she lives in than about any state of affairs in the real world .
When Jesse Ventura suggested a couple of weeks ago that Bush might have lied this country into war for the sake of business interests , the women on The View looked at him liked he ’d accused the British royal family of being lizard people from another dimension .
My God , next thing you know he ’ll be saying Nixon broke into the Democratic Party headquarters to throw the election , or that LBJ faked a pretext for war in Vietnam , or something crazy like that .
Today I heard Bart Stupak , referring to Michelle Bachmann ’s allusion to Jefferson ( “ it ’s a good thing to have a revolution every twenty years or so ” ) , respond that we just had one in the last election .
In this country , he said , we have our revolutions through the electoral process .
“ That ’s what Jefferson meant by that quote , ” he said .
Um , no , it was n’t .
What Jefferson meant was the kind of revolution that Captain Shays was fighting in western Massachusetts at the time he wrote .
You ’d expect people like that might have just a smidgen of trouble glossing over the fact that this country was founded on a revolution that overthrew the established governments of the colonies , but in fact they do so with little trouble .
As the anarchist Voltarine DeCleyre noted over a century ago , from the public schools ’ accounts of the American Revolution you ’d have difficulty understanding why it was even called a revolution , as opposed to just a patriotic foreign war against another country .
They substitute the establishment of the Constitution for the Revolution , as the main founding act of this country , commonly arguing that this country was founded by people who trusted government , who wanted a government that was stronger and more effective ( “ a more perfect union ” ) .
Except for one thing : the people involved in the Federalist coup were pretty much outside the revolutionary mainstream .
The Federalists were generally the people who most reluctantly embraced the break with Britain , and also those most eager to create a new federal center to replace Parliament as the center of the new Empire - without - Britain .
The Federalists wanted to recreate the Empire as closely as possible , with Walpolean finance and Mansfieldian jurisprudence and a Congress that represented the landed and moneyed interests .
The whole idea of resisting constituted authority has become so “ extreme , ” in this country founded on the overthrow of constituted authority , that liberal academician Melissa Harris - Lacewell has argued that it was a greater act of infamy to spit on Congressman John Lewis and use the n-word today than it was forty - odd years ago because today he “ is no longer just a brave American fighting for the soul of his country — he is an elected official .
He is an embodiment of the state . ”
So today , in a country founded on violent revolution , we see a liberal intellectual using language that might have come from one of Charles I ’s pronouncements on passive non-resistance .
As Charles Davis put it , “ Yeah , you know , before Lewis just marched in the streets against racism and state - enforced segregation as a ( ho - hum ) private citizen , but now he chairs a subcommittee — show him some respect ! ”
Guess what ?
Bull Connor was an elected official .
George Wallace and Strom Thurmond were embodiments of the state .
A superior quality potato vodka with a savory bacon flavor .
It 's clean , crisp , and delicious .
This is the only vodka you 'll ever want to use to make a Bloody Mary or Caesar , and it's a complementary element of both sweet and savory drinks .
We start with superior quality Northwest potatoes instead of the random mixed grains that make up most vodkas .
No tinge or burn on the tongue , no obnoxious smoky or chemical flavors , just a clean refreshing potato vodka with delicious savory bacon flavor .
Pure .
Refreshing .
Bacon .
Is it possible to send starter kits of Earth life to other worlds in the hopes of triggering terraforming processes all over the galaxy ?
Not only is it possible , argues Michael Mautner , but we have an obligation to do it .
Advertisement
Mautner is a research professor of chemistry at Virginia Commonwealth University , and he 's received a bit of attention lately for declaring that humans have " a moral obligation " to seek and cultivate other worlds to inhabit .
Mautner 's argument seems to be that life has a responsibility to perpetuate life , and writ large , that means branching out from our crowded planet .
The way we'd do this , he says , is by firing off homemade panspermia kits packed with oxygen - excreting microbes and other organisms that would set evolution in motion .
Slowly but surely , the theory goes , whatever worlds these starter kits land on would become hospitable to higher forms of Earth life , including human beings .
It 's sort of a " throw everything at the wall and see what sticks " approach , where in this case the wall is the universe .
But Mautner 's not just tilting at space windmills ; he believes it can be done with existing technology , and he 's already picked out a number of target worlds and satellites that he thinks would be favorable .
The trick , he says , is aiming a rocket at any of these bodies with enough precision to ensure its safe arrival several millennia from now .
Advertisement
Okay , but what if we send a terraforming kit to a world where life is already in the process of evolving ?
Would n't we be knocking a whole planet 's biosphere out of balance ?
Mautner does n't seem worried about this ; he says we can aim for planets whose conditions make it unlikely that life would have already developed , and anyway , our first concern should be ensuring that Earth life can continue to exist .
There 's also a possibility that life on our planet began , or was affected , by the same process — organisms arriving from elsewhere — in which case we 'd just be participating in a cosmic game of Telephone .
You could argue that it might be a better use of time and money to work on improving the planet we 've already got — keeping the environment healthy , figuring out more equitable ways of distributing resources .
Then Earth life can continue to exist on Earth .
But Mautner 's all about the frontier , and for him it's a question of " basic ethical values , " as he put it in a blog post a few weeks ago .
When all is said and done , he says , " acts that secure life are good . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Image by Teleyinex , used under a Creative Commons license .
The Israeli prime minister , Binyamin Netanyahu , last night caved into US demands over the Middle East peace process , opening the way for a resumption of talks with the Palestinians .
It was a humiliating climbdown for Netanyahu after a week of pressure from the Barack Obama administration .
Netanyahu , in a telephone call to the US secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , who was in Moscow for Middle East talks , agreed to various demands she had set out last Friday .
In a statement from his office , he said he proposed , as Clinton had demanded , " confidence - building steps " that would make it easier for the Palestinians to join the talks .
He did not specify what these would be but these could include easing Israeli roadblocks in the West Bank , the withdrawal of Israeli troops from more parts of the West Bank and the release of Palestinian prisoners .
He did not announce , as the US had demanded , a freeze on the construction of Jewish homes in Ramat Shlomo , in East Jerusalem , the key point at issue .
But diplomats in Washington , Moscow and Jerusalem said Netanyahu had given a private promise that there will be a temporary freeze on any new construction .
The work , while not cancelled , is to be postponed for several years .
The Israeli ambassador to the US , Michael Oren , told the Washington Post : " The goal of both sides at this point is to put this behind us , and go forward with the proximity talks as quickly as possible . "
The concessions bring to an end a rare clash between the US and Israel which began early last week when the US vice - president , Joe Biden , made a visit to Israel to coincide with what he hoped would be a resumption of peace talks .
But during his visit Israel announced a plan to build 1,600 Jewish homes in East Jerusalem .
The Palestinians promptly pulled out off the proposed talks and the US described the Israeli announcement as a snub and an insult .
Clinton last Friday had a tense 41 - minute phone call with Netanyahu expressing US anger and set out her demands : confidence - building measures , a moratorium on new construction in East Jerusalem , and a promise that the resumption of negotiations would be on matters of substance , not just talks about talks .
There was no indication last night whether Netanyahu had agreed to the latter , but it is unlikely , given the events of last week , that the US would have settled for anything less .
Diplomats said that some of the concessions by Netanyahu were being made public and others were being kept private , partly as a face - saving exercise for the Israeli prime minister .
The climbdown is politically awkward for Netanyahu , coming only days after he publicly said that no Israeli government in the past 42 years had given a promise not to build in East Jerusalem , and he will face criticism , particularly from his rightwing coalition partners .
He held a long meeting with cabinet colleagues on Wednesday night to discuss the concessions he would have to make .
Obama and Clinton stand to gain from the Israeli retreat , which will heighten their reputation among the Palestinians and in the Arab world .
Obama and Clinton were left looking weak after a similar stand - off with Israel last September when peace talks failed to get under way .
The US Middle East envoy , George Mitchell , had cancelled a trip to Israel earlier this week in protest , but is to resume his visit on Sunday .
Clinton is to see Netanyahu in Washington next week .
A US state department spokesman , PJ Crowley , said Clinton and Netanyahu had discussed " specific steps " to improve the outlook for Middle East peace talks .
Netanyahu 's spokesman , Nir Chefetz , said the prime minister had proposed " mutual confidence - building steps " that both Israel and the Palestinians could take .
Last night Israel retaliated for a Palestinian rocket attack on Israel that killed a Thai agricultural worker .
Israeli planes struck at least two targets in Gaza , officials and witnesses said .
All logos and trademarks in this site are property of their respective owner .
The comments are property of their posters , all the rest ( c ) 2003 - 2020 by PaddockTalk.com .
Contact E-mail : [ email protected ]
Privacy
Dasoro Another amazing shot !
KeybladeXMaster Awesome picture !
Looks like it was taken from the game ! 0.0 ''
amaterasumikami NICE *o*
. -Stray OMG !
I seriously thought this was a screenshot from the game .
You make an awesome Lightning !
Rynn I 'm seriously in shock this is n't a screen shot - you look incredible !!
PockySnowshadow
You so deserve a showcase for this !
You are the best Lightning I have ever seen !
FairyPorchQueen wow you look exatically like her !!!
Celcia Holy ... WOW !!!
You are the best Lightning I 've ever seen !
You have her exact face and your wig is PERFECT !!
It 's the most perfect color !
kissyourbones this is incredible !
Just amazing .
I 'm cosplaying Lightning tomorrow and mine is nowhere NEAR this good ... just wow !
XD
G.Dragun WWHHOOAAAAA man ur so GORGEOUS !!!!!
O.O
Knuffelchen wow you look just like her !
espacially on this pic !
sugar you have the same hair , AND the same face ... amazing !
i ca n't believe it !
Kairi-san OMG !!!
You really do resemble Lightning *o*!!
You brought her to life !
You should win an award for best character look - a- like ( just a thought ) ^^ .
LockhartTifaFF
Everything is perfect , great job so far
こぬ.exe amazing !!!
You really look like Lightning !!!
You 're so perfect !
grindxpantera
Oh my god .
This looks absolutely amazing !!!
VERY GOOD job .
ashelia89 I absolutely LOVE your cosplay !!!
You should send this to square enix ^___^ they obviously modeled lightning after you !!!
Lightning9 Oh WOW !
you look just like her !!
amazing pic and amazing cosplay !
Snow - Storm
Your eyes are beautiful and your hair is perfect ( wig or real hair )
Anathiell
Thank you very much for all above comments , stay tunned more photos comming soon ^ ^
Piyoasdf YOU ARE she o_o
hopelacookie holy **** I thought it was a pic from the game !!
my friends like " is that a real picture ? " lol !
wow ..u are seriously the best Lightning cosplayer I have seen , you look JUST like her seriosuly !!
you have beautiful strong features like her , perfect hair just everything ^ ^
Vf1 Jpilote wow perfect
Minazuki -
I tought you had took screenshot from the game but NO ! : D Amazing !
Are you Lightnings lost twin or something ?!
xD
darkhakimo BEST NATURAL LIGHTNING EVER !!!!
Querion
You are simply breathtaking .
And you look so much like Lightning , it is as if they scanned your face and build her after you .
Add to it that you know how to copy her facial movements and its perfect , even when there were some issues with your costume at that time , you yourself make the perfect Lightning , even without the costume .
And the costume got a lot better since this shot .
Kasinator wow you look so much like her right down to the ears .
dont ask it just looks amazing !!!
Irene you 're so lucky to have natural blue eyes and natural everything !
i also am cosplaying as lightning but i hav to wear a wig and contacts DX
AiRin_Hoshina
Oh wow !!!!
you look great !!!!
so in character .
You 're really bringing her to life in your pictures !
like I always say , anyone can step into a costume , what 's important is how you wear , that 's what makes it alive !
and I think you just got an A ++ in my book !!!!
Even your hair is perfect .
xD i'm going to stop now , all my words are starting to jumble together ^___^ < 3
Estarose
This is THE BEST cosplay I have EVER seen !
You were born to cosplay Lightning !
A+++ Job !!!
So impressive
Silver Hearts O__O Oh My GOD .
You are the best Lightning cosplayer ever !
If they ever did make a real life FF , you 'd play Lightning .
xD
You 're beautiful !
Yuigasho Oh My GAWD !
I completely thought this was a screen shot !!
your the perfect lightning cosplayer ever !
you should get an award or something because this is just too EPIC !
Myroux
Oh my god , it 's Lightning brought to life .
O_o ; Can I steal your hair ?
And your face ?
Lightning - Apple O_O
You are beautifuuuuuullllllll ^^ Just amazing
airbendergal ... Mind .
Blown .
This is too epic .
I have no words to explain how amazed I am at this ... picture ... cosplay ...
Wow ...
You just made my day .
Seriously , you dont know how thankful I am ! :D :D
If Square Enix made a FFXIII movie ( which I am seriously hoping they will ) , they better cast you !
They 'd lose an awesome Lightning if they did n't !
^ ^ More power to your cosplay !
Ultra441
My sister thinks your fake lol because you look the same like lighting !
And she says in this photo is made from a computer honestly you look just like lighting
Javon 's mother , Ria Ramkissoon , testified that Antoinette said Javon had " a spirit of rebellion " inside him and that denying him food would cure him .
She said she believed Antoinette 's claim about the evil spirit .
Javon died in either December 2006 or January 2007 .
He was about 16 months old , and it's not clear whether he was ever capable of saying " Amen " .
Ramkissoon testified that he had said it before , but another household member said the boy most likely made a sound that resembled " Amen " .
No one in the eight - person household did anything to prevent Javon from wasting away , according to testimony .
His heart stopped beating after a week or more without food , his mother testified .
After Javon died , Antoinette told her followers to pray for his resurrection and ordered Ramkissoon to " nurture him back to life " , according to witnesses .
Ramkissoon said she stayed with Javon 's body for weeks , talking to him , dancing for him , even trying to give him water .
Ultimately , according to testimony , the group members stashed Javon 's body in a suitcase and relocated to Philadelphia , where they stayed briefly with an elderly man .
The suitcase was stored in a shed behind the man 's home for more than a year .
Ramkissoon , 23 , pleaded guilty last year to child abuse resulting in death .
Her plea deal included an extraordinary provision :
If Javon comes back to life , the conviction will be thrown out .
Prosecutors said only a " Jesus - like resurrection " would suffice .
Ramkissoon will soon be released from jail and placed in a residential treatment program , prosecutors said .
" It 's going to take years for Ria to get back to the child that I know , " said Ramkissoon 's mother , Seeta Khadan - Newton .
Antoinette , 41 , Williams , 22 , and Cobbs , 23 , represented themselves at trial .
They did not testify or call any witnesses .
Antoinette introduced a single piece of evidence : a copy of a handwritten application for non-profit status for her organisation , 1 Mind Ministries .
In that document , she described herself " as a chosen daughter of the most high God and a queen of Jesus Christ " .
In their closing arguments , Antoinette and Cobbs accused prosecutors and the media of conspiring to condemn them .
" We 've been like pariahs , " Antoinette said .
" These people want to blame someone for this child 's death , so they 've chosen us . "
Witnesses said Antoinette claimed to speak to God and ran a tightly controlled household .
Among the rules were that the group dressed in only white , blue and khaki and they left the house only in pairs .
They destroyed identification documents , cut off contact with relatives and were encouraged to smoke marijuana , which Antoinette called " God 's weed " .
" She 's a very convincing manipulator , " said Tiffany Smith , who lived with Antoinette before Javon died and testified that she was forced to give birth without medical care .
" The jury saw through that . "
Even Antoinette 's name , she said , was given to her by God .
Although she was arrested and charged under the name Queen Antoinette , prosecutors said her real name is Toni Sloan .
Williams was referred to as " Princess Trevia " and Cobbs was " Prince Marcus " .
Ramkissoon was known as " Princess Marie " .
When Javon died , the household also included Antoinette 's three other children and Tiffany Smith 's older sister , Danielle .
She testified that Cobbs had her committed to a psychiatric hospital in New York after she began telling outsiders about Javon 's death .
Danielle Smith ultimately led police to his body .
Ramkissoon 's attorney , Steven D. Silverman , said he was relieved with the verdict .
Loading " I was fearful that the jury might consider her the most culpable , since she is the custodian of the child , " Silverman said .
" But fortunately , they were able to see clearly that the Queen was in control of the situation . "
AP
Version 1.1 of the Wolfram|Alpha App for the iPhone & iPod is now available in the App Store .
The new version includes a number of new features that continue to improve the app ’s unique mobile Wolfram| Alpha experience .
Perhaps its most iconic feature , the specialized keyboards that greet you when you first open the Wolfram| Alpha App , have been painstakingly constructed to ease the burden of entering queries , whether you ’re converting from pounds to euros or computing a numerical value for the Weierstrass p-function .
Our goal in creating these keyboards was to form families of characters that naturally occur together both in common use and in traditional mathematical applications .
We also wanted mathematical expressions to look and feel natural to enhance usability and understanding .
Version 1.1 has four specialized keyboards : the default keyboard , the “ math ” keyboard accessed by the right - shift key , the “ Greek ” keyboard accessed by one press of the left - shift key , and the “ symbol ” keyboard accessed by a second press of the left - shift key .
To determine the optimal keyboard layout , we scoured Wolfram| Alpha ’s server logs for the most commonly entered phrases that have characters with meaning in Wolfram| Alpha .
Given that Wolfram|Alpha is built on Mathematica , one of its core strengths is advanced mathematics .
True to form most of the commonly typed characters are related to math .
For example , you would generally type the word “ integrate ” to compute an integral on the Wolfram| Alpha website .
In the Wolfram|Alpha App you could simply type the key on the math keyboard .
The same is true for other symbols common in math , such as and .
Specifying geometric shapes , such as a triangle , is straightforward as well .
With the specialized keyboards , currency conversions ( accessed by a press - hold popup on the key ) are exceptionally easy , as is finding the positions of the planets , or looking at the population of males in the U.K .
Sums , limits , integrals , and derivatives can be expressed in their natural forms .
The keyboards also allow you to enter a formula naturally , such as for Ohm ’s law and frequency - wavelength relationships , and you can properly refer to units , physical constants , and elementary particles .
Of course , you can do advanced mathematics , as well .
This is just a small fraction of the ways the specialized keyboards make the Wolfram| Alpha App more useful .
Give it a try , and do n’t be surprised if you find yourself leaving your calculator at home .
Just how much is a lost Xbox 360 worth ?
Could it be $ 83,333 per week ?
$ 11,111 per day ?
$ 463 per hour ?
Make that $ 1 million total , or how much either an extraordinarily irate or incredibly enterprising
Yale film major is suing US Airways for , after someone with the airline allegedly swiped or lost his Xbox 360 on or around December 17 , 2008 during a flight from New Haven to Cincinnati .
$ 1 million is the maximum amount allowable by law .
The Xbox 360 apparently had a " specialized hard drive , " which the Yale student , Jesse Maiman , says cost him more than $ 1,000 .
He 's asking for $ 1,700 for system reimbursement , and according to the Cincinnati Enquirer , wants the airline to pay " for ' non-economic distress ' of at least $ 25,000 , but 'in the maximum amount allowable by law or , in the alternative , in the sum of $ 1,000,000 ' . "
Now it 's possible Jess Maiman 's as mendacious as the story makes him sound , but my money 's on his lawyer shooting the moon .
I 've heard the most intelligent - seeming people make torturous excuses for the most outrageous litigation on the basis of exploiting the byzantine monkey - works that comprises the US legal system .
The ethical justification always comes down in the exact same place ... a disingenuous
" If you can , then of course you should . "
To be fair , there 's more than just static " hard value " involved here .
While a brand new Xbox 360 retails for upwards of $ 300 , the loss of downloadable content and in particular custom save data adds a " soft value " factor .
Assuming the guy had an Xbox Live account , his Gamertag data , e.g. achievements and such , is probably safe .
But with the loss of a hard drive , any music and video data 's history , along with any progress - based game incidentals , from save points to all the little finder bits sprinkled through games like Resistance : Fall of Man and Gears of War 2 .
Word to the wise : Never , and I repeat never check your video game systems .
Ever .
When I moved to the UK , I managed to stow my US Xbox 360 , Xbox 360 debug , PS3 , and Wii all in a single carry - on case ( no mean feat , and that was flying fully - loaded in coach ) .
As far as I 'm concerned , you trust something to baggage handlers , you forfeit your right to ownership .
Even then , my wife and I took out travel insurance to cover the systems in the event of theft or general loss .
And I took the time beforehand to back up all the volatile data to a separate hard drive which I left behind in a safe box , just in case .
If that seems paranoid , I 'm pleading guilty .
After gaping at Matt Peckham 's carryon , the incoming customs guy at Heathrow ended up quizzing Matt on whether to buy a Wii or an Xbox 360 .
He 's not telling what he recommended at twitter.com / game_on .
Microsoft Connect Has Been Retired
01/03/2018
3 minutes to read
+2
In this article
You have reached this page because you ’ve tried to access the Microsoft Connect portal .
After nearly 10 years , Microsoft Connect has been retired in favor of new tools and services .
Microsoft Download Center
Visit Download
Center if you are looking for a package that was previously available on Connect .
Microsoft Docs
Microsoft Docs is the home for Microsoft documentation for end users , developers , hardware manufacturers and IT professionals .
Check out our quickstarts , tutorials , API reference , and code examples .
Where to Find Connect Programs
In case your Connect program is not listed below it may be discontinued or operates as “ invitation only ” .
If you can't find your program , please get in touch with your Microsoft contact for further information regarding program availability .
SQL Server ( Connect Site ID 68 )
Effective January 1 , 2018 , the community feedback feature of the Microsoft Connect site for SQL Server has been replicated to the SQL Server section of the Azure Feedback Forums .
Current and active public feedback for SQL Server from Microsoft Connect was transferred it into the new forum to help customers find relevant and active matching suggestions .
System Center Configuration Manager and Microsoft Intune ( Connect Site ID 892 )
If you have a feature request for Configuration Manager or Intune , UserVoice is still the best place for feature requests : https://configurationmanager.uservoice.com and http://microsoftintune.uservoice.com.
If you want to file a bug against Configuration Manager , please use the Windows Feedback Hub , which is built into the Windows 10 operating system .
For more information , see https://aka.ms/configmgrfeedback.
You can track the status of new bugs filed in Feedback Hub , but not bugs previously filed under Connect ; all bugs filed under Connect are still accessible by the product team .
If you think you ’ve found a bug with Intune , please open a support case .
For more information , see https://aka.ms/intunesupport.
If you are part of the Customer Connection Program and are trying to access content from the Configuration Manager or Intune Advisors calls , please contact your Customer Connection Program contact to get access to the new TechCommunity .
If you are a Partner , please contact your Partner contact .
If you are trying to get access to content for the Technical Adoption Program ( TAP ) please contact your TAP buddy .
Dynamics AX Feedback ( Connect Site ID 13211 )
Dynamics 365 for Finance and Operations , Enterprise Edition team has made the downloads for the latest versions of Dynamics 365 for Finance and Operations available via the following links :
Dynamics 365 for Finance and Operations , Enterprise edition 7.3 with Platform update 12 : https://aka.ms/finandops73pu12
Dynamics 365 for Finance and Operations , Enterprise edition July 2017 ( 7.2 ) with Platform update 12 : https://aka.ms/finandops72pu12
For any additional questions or queries regarding Preview programs or availability or prior version download VHD ’s please contact : daxcf@microsoft.com
Microsoft 365 powered device / Accelerate ( Connect Site ID 1031 )
Effective January 1 , 2018 the current Microsoft 365 powered device Connect website was decommissioned .
The updated website and downloadable materials can be found at https://aka.ms/PoweredDevice-FTprograms.
Microsoft Alumni Network ( Connect Site ID 1379 )
Please contact the Microsoft Alumni Network program administrators for the status of the program .
WME Conformance Testing Connection ( Connect Site ID 605 )
Please contact wmecert@microsoft.com for the status of the program .
High Performance Computing Team ( Connect Site ID 12 )
Please visit https://partner.microsoft.com/en-us/solutions/practice-areas/cloud-infrastructure-management/high-performance-computing.
DevDiv / Visual Studio and .NET Framework ( Connect Site ID 210 )
We have reviewed and migrated bugs to Developer Community .
For VC ++ issues , please search the Developer Community site for C++ for your ConnectID or the substring of the bug title , found in an an automated email you received from the original Connect system .
Please bear with us as we go through the process of triaging these issues for the new system .
If you cannot locate your report , please contact vsfeedback@microsoft.com .
To report a new Visual Studio bug , please use the integrated Report a Problem feature in Visual Studio 2017 .
C++ compiler issues can also be filed at the Developer Community site for C ++.
Services Connection ( Connect Site ID 1067 )
Please contact scrmteam@microsoft.com for the status of the program .
Microsoft PlayReady Support
Microsoft PlayReady
Support for licensed companies is now provided by email .
Please , send your questions to AskDRM@microsoft.com .
In addition , please review documentation available at https://docs.microsoft.com/playready and PlayReady Test Server .
perl5i Makes More Simple Things Simple
Suppose that you want to load a module dynamically ( you have the name in a scalar ) , then alias a function from that module to a new name in another class .
In other words , you want a renaming import .
How do you do that in Perl 5 ?
{ no strict ' refs ' ; eval qq{require $ class} or die $ @ ; *{ $other_class . " : :" .$ alias} = $ class -> can ( $func ) ; }
There ’s a lot of magic going on there .
Aliasing requires using symbolic refs which means turning off strict .
Because you want strict off in as small a hunk of code as possible you have to enclose it in braces .
Then , require Class and require $ class work differently , so you have to trick require into seeing a bareword by eval ing it .
Do n’t forget to catch and rethrow the error !
Finally , to do the aliasing you need to get a code ref with can ( ) and assign it to the symbol table via the magic of typeglobs .
Guh .
There ’s an idea in interface design called The Gulf of Execution which measures the distance between the user ’s goal and the actions she must take to achieve that goal .
The goals here are to :
Load a class from a variable .
Alias a function in that class .
The actions are :
Enclose the code in a block .
Turn off strict .
require $ class in an eval block to turn it into a bareword .
Catch and rethrow any error which might result .
Use can ( ) to get a reference to the function .
Construct a fully qualified name for the alias .
Turn that into a typeglob .
Assign the code ref to the typeglob .
Drink .
Try explaining that to a non-Perl guru .
Now consider the perl5i ( specifically perl5i : : 2 ) way :
$ class -> require -> can ( $func ) -> alias ( $other_class , $ alias ) ;
Release the breath you ’ve been holding in for the last 15 years of Perl 5 .
Through the magic of autoboxing , perl5 i lets you call methods on unblessed scalars , hashes , arrays , regexes , references … anything .
It also implements some handy methods .
Some , like require ( ) , are core functions redone as methods .
Others , like alias ( ) , should be core functions never made it in for whatever reason .
autoboxing gives perl5 i the freedom to add handy features without polluting the global function / method namespace with new keywords .
Recall the goals :
Load a class from a variable .
Alias a function in that class .
… and consider perl5 i ’s actions :
Call require ( ) to load the class .
Call can ( ) to get a reference to the function .
Call alias ( ) on that reference to alias it to the other class .
The gulf has narrowed to a stream you can hop over while hardly getting your feet wet .
The goal of perl5i is to bring modern conveniences back to Perl 5 .
In the 15 years since the release of Perl 5 , we ’ve learned a lot .
Our views of good practices have changed .
15 years ago , aliasing a function was black magic available only to the wildest of gurus .
Now it ’s a technique many module authors take advantage of .
Why should it remain complicated and error prone ?
Autoboxing is a big part of perl5i , allowing it to add convenience methods without having to add new keywords .
Adding new keywords –which contracts the function names available to programmers –is a big thing holding Perl 5 back !
Every potential new keyword is a debate over compatibility .
Autoboxing eliminates that debate .
It takes off the brakes .
Some other examples : how do I check if a scalar contains a number , an integer , or a float ?
The Perl FAQ entry on the subject is two pages long offering five different possibilities , two of which require pasting code .
Code in FAQs tends to rot , and perlfaq is no exception ; without testing nobody noticed that those venerable regexes fail to catch “ + 1.23 ” .
How does perl5 i do it ?
say " It 's a number " if $ thing -> is_number ; say " It 's an integer " if $ thing -> is_integer ; say " It 's a decimal " if $ thing ->is_decimal ;
It ’s clear , simple , fast , and tested .
TMTOWTDI is great and all , but FAQs are about getting things done , not about writing dissertations on the subject .
perl5i picks one way that ’s pretty good and makes it available with no fuss .
The bar for what is “ simple ” has moved since Perl 5 first came out .
perl5i takes the goal of “ simple things should be simple ” and helps us all catch up .
There 's renewed interest in Question Time , or rather in the idea of trying to import in some fashion the British parliamentary institution whereby the prime minister appears each Wednesday in the House of Commons in order to take questions and debate .
The idea of an American version came up after the president 's meeting last week with House Republicans , which was notable in that it was televised , mildly informative , and did no harm .
If you 've watched Question Time over the years on C - Span , you know it is high political theatre ....
By “ fictional movie ” I mean a movie that does not actually exist .
They are often seen in the background of a film or TV show as a poster , trailer , billboard , or theater marquee .
Sometimes they exist solely as a conversation between the in-universe characters .
Or , like ‘ The Dueling Cavalier ’ in Singin ’ in the Rain , they can exist as a film - in - a - film .
A good real - life example is the Coen brothers ’ film O Brother , Where Art Thou ? , which took its title from the fictional movie project in Sullivan ’s Travels .
Despite the fact that the real and fictional versions differ in plot , they share similar settings and themes .
On the special edition DVD , the Coen brothers mention their film is almost what Sullivan would have ended up making after Sullivan ’s Travels ends .
Below is a list of those fictional movies that I believe Hollywood should make , whether just to satisfy my inner fanboy or because I think they will turn out to be something worth watching .
10 Thundercats
As I ’ve grown older , I ’ve come to the realization that a lot of the things I enjoyed as a kid were pretty terrible .
Bazooka gum , Big Macs , Monopoly … and Thundercats .
I loved the show as a kid , but was thoroughly unimpressed upon watching it again in college .
I ’m still not convinced the movie would be all that good because the basic story is a bit too ridiculous and nonsensical .
‘ Thundercats ’ makes the list based solely on the incredible quality of the fake trailer .
However , I do n’t mind a brainless action adventure movie every so often , à la The Mummy .
Combined with my lowered expectations and powerful nostalgia , I think I could easily enjoy this movie when it comes out on DVD .
9 Angels With Filthy Souls Home Alone
Remember that scene where Macaulay Culkin ’s character uses a movie to trick the pizza delivery guy ?
This is that movie .
For the longest time I thought this was an actual movie .
‘ Angels ’ was meant to emulate classic gangster movies in the film noir style .
You ca n’t go wrong with characters named Acey and Snakes and dialogue like , “ I ’m gonna give ya till the count of ten to get yer ugly , yella , no good keister off my property before I pump yer guts fulla lead ! ”
It is n’t so much that I want somebody to make this movie , as I wish it actually existed .
There was , of course , a sequel in Home Alone 2 called ‘ Angels With Even Filthier Souls ’ .
8 See You Next Wednesday
‘ See You Next Wednesday ’ is a recurring gag found in many of the works of John Landis .
Landis is the director of such personal favorites as National Lampoon ’s Animal House , Blues Brothers , ¡ Three Amigos ! , and Spies Like Us. SYNW is often mentioned by the film ’s characters or seen in the background in posters and billboards .
The problem here is that the plot , and even the genre , of SYNW changes from film to film .
It has been a war movie , a melodrama , a porno , and a horror flick to name a few .
Since there is no consistent plot or theme , what it means is that Landis would have free reign to do whatever he wanted , though it ’d almost certainly turn out to be a comedy .
However it ends up , Landis has proven that he possesses a deft comedy touch and I imagine it could be a lot like The Kentucky Fried Movie , but with a focus on spoofing Hollywood .
7 Firestorm Seinfeld
Most of the examples on this list exist as a parody or homage to a particular genre or a specific movie .
Seinfeld is chock full of these types of fictional movies , including ‘ The Flaming Globes of Sigmund ’ , ‘ Prognosis Negative ’ , ‘ Chunnel ’ , and ‘ Blimp : The Hindenburg Story ’ to name just a few .
‘ Firestorm ’ sounds like a parody of action movies and is mentioned during several different episodes , but is never actually seen , just talked about .
It stars Harrison Ford , who at one point , “ jumped out of the plane and was shooting back up at them while he was falling . ”
There ’s also an “ underwater escape ” and a “ helicopter lands on a car ” at one point .
It is supposed to be a huge blockbuster film in the show , as I believe it would be in real - life .
It ’s been a long time since I ’ve enjoyed a truly senseless , over - the - top , summer action popcorn movie and ‘ Firestorm ’ ought to be just the ticket .
In fact , how come they have n’t made this film yet ?
( and no , the 1998 Howie Long movie of the same name does not count – I want falling plane shooting ! )
6 Itchy and Scratchy : The Movie The Simpsons
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrJqHG4bXDo&hl=en_US&fs=1&
The Simpsons loves to use jokes featuring these types of fictional movies .
Like most of the fictional movies out there , a lot of these gags are either a ridiculously numbered sequel or a pornographic pun .
Some of personal favorites from the show include ‘ Star Trek XII : So Very Tired ’ and ‘ Das Butt ’ .
However , “ The Itchy and Scratchy Show ” has been a recurring element since the earliest episodes and was made into a movie in the sixth season .
They ’ve already made a Simpsons movie , so now Itchy and Scratchy deserve a turn .
In this day and age , it ’s time for animated movies to move into more adult territory .
As much as I love the films of Pixar and DreamWorks Animation , the genre needs to start to grow .
An Itchy and Scratchy movie would undoubtedly be excessively violent , but that ’s okay .
The “ Spy vs Spy ” segments from MadTV were always my favorite parts .
South Park : Bigger , Longer & Uncut was a start , but there needs to be more and better .
Masterpieces from Japan such as Grave of the Fireflies and Princess Mononoke have proven that there is a lot of potential here .
‘ Itchy and Scratchy ’ may not be as high - brow , but it would be a move in the right direction and might provide that kick in the pants needed to get the industry interested .
Utilizing all the powerful creative forces at the beck and call of Matt Groening , an ‘ Itchy and Scratchy ’ movie might be a lot better than some of you think .
5 Werewolf Women of the SS Grindhouse
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_d_oGmFm5E&hl=en_US&fs=1&
This faux trailer , written and directed by Rob Zombie , for Quentin Tarantino and Robert Rodriguez ’s film Grindhouse , introduces itself as , “ A brilliant achievement in motion picture history .
Finally , the truth about Hitler ’s diabolical plans to create a race of superwomen can be told … ”
Ultimately , five faux trailers were made including ‘ Machete ’ , ‘ Hobo With A Shotgun ’ , ‘ Do n’t ! ’ , and ‘ Thanksgiving ’ .
Apparently , ‘ Machete ’ and ‘ Hobo with a Shotgun ’ are being made into actual features , but are currently trapped in development hell .
‘ Werewolf Women of the SS ’ follows the themes of the other trailers as a homage to the exploitation films of the 70s .
Its got werewolves , Nazi’s , mad scientists , half - naked women and camp galore , not to mention Nicolas Cage as Fu Manchu !
Hopefully , if this movie ever gets made , it manages to avoid becoming torture porn , which would suck .
The whole point of ‘ Werewolf Women ’ is that its super cheesy .
But it is extremely difficult to deliberately make a movie that is so - bad - its - good , and to get the audience to actually realize this .
Most people tend to just miss the point , as I fear they would here .
Recent attempts at camp films such as Snakes On A Plane and Shoot ‘ Em Up have n’t exactly been box office or critical successes .
4 Rochelle , Rochelle Seinfeld
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2CP45MHJd8&hl=en_US&fs=1&
Another movie from the Seinfeld mythos makes the list and deservedly so , since it was featured so prominently on several episodes .
Like ‘ Firestorm ’ , ‘ Rochelle , Rochelle ’ was only ever talked about and never seen , but served as the primary plot point in the episode “ The Movie . ”
It even got a shout out on Curb Your Enthusiasm and was referenced in an American Express print ad featuring Larry David ( the show ’s creator ) .
The movie ’s tagline , “ A young girl ’s strange , erotic journey from Milan to Minsk , ” basically tells you all you need to know .
The movie itself is apparently unbearable , but it does feature a lot of nudity ( its primary appeal ) .
Later on , the movie is even adapted into a Broadway musical starring Bette Midler .
It ’s difficult for me to say how exactly this movie would translate in real life , but a tongue - in - cheek ( pun intended ? ) version could probably work .
I mean , Striptease did $ 113 million worldwide .
But , much like George and Jerry on the show , I ’m not going to go see this movie for the story .
As Elaine exclaims , “ Men will sit through the most boring pointless movie if there ’s the slightest chance a woman will take her top off . ”
The clip above relates to “ Chunnel ” as no clip could be found mentioning Rochelle , Rochelle .
3 The 3 Adaptation
‘ The 3 ’ is a fictional spec script written by the fictional twin brother of Charlie Kaufman , Donald Kaufman .
The script is a cliché psychological thriller about a cop protecting a woman from a serial killer .
It ’s suggested that , “ the killer ’s a literature professor .
He cuts off little chunks from his victims ’ bodies until they die .
He calls himself ‘ The Deconstructionist ’ . ”
At one point there ’s supposed to be a chase scene where , “ the killer flees on horseback with the girl , the cop ’s after them on a motorcycle and it ’s like a battle between motors and horses , like technology vs horse . ”
Bear in mind that the supposed twist of the movie ( spoilers ! ) is that that the killer , the cop , and the girl are all the same person !
I know that ‘ The 3 ’ is meant to be a jab at the crap that is so often churned out by Hollywood , but I really want to see that chase scene .
The version that plays in my head is like a bizarre mix between Identity and Memento .
Considering how meta Adaptation was , how more meta ( and awesome ) would it be if the main protagonist (s ) was played by Nicolas Cage , who also played Charlie and Donald Kaufman ?
2 Aquaman Entourage
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q-Sj8Z6DV5Q&hl=en_US&fs=1&
Long gone are the days when the idea of a comic book movie would make even the most hardened fanboy cringe .
And with the continuous development of CGI and respect for the original source material , comic book movies are truly coming into their own .
Recent successes such as The Dark Knight and Watchmen have proven that such movies can also be intellectually satisfying .
As a show about a Hollywood movie star , Entourage actually has a few decent movie ideas including ‘ Medellin ’ , ‘ Smoke Jumpers ’ , and a Martin Scorsese ‘ Great Gatsby ’ .
The development of ‘ Aquaman ’ played a major role in Seasons 2 and 3 , and is the one that really stands out from all the rest on Vincent Chase ’s fictional filmography .
Kevin Smith has even commented that he ’s been asked about ‘ Aquaman 2 ’ , despite the fact that there has n’t been a first ‘ Aquaman ’ .
Aquaman may be one of the lamer comic book characters out there , but the main selling point here is James Cameron .
What Aquaman needs more than anything is somebody who truly understands and respects the majesty and beauty of our oceans .
Cameron ’s post - Titanic projects , Aliens of the Deep and Ghosts of the Abyss , as well as his new film Avatar , have proven that he knows how to capture the mystery and wonder of new worlds .
He is also well known for always being at the forefront of CGI technology which would come in handy since a good part of the movie would have to take place underwater .
Simply put , there is n’t anyone else out there more capable or qualified for the job .
As for casting , I ’m not at all sold on the idea of Adrian Grenier for the main role , but I do like Sons of Anarchy ’s Charlie Hunnam – just put a hook on his hand and he ’s good to go .
1 The Legend of Zelda
‘ The Legend of Zelda ’ is a fake trailer that appeared on the IGN website in 2008 as an April Fool ’s joke .
I did n’t see it until a few days later and was both shocked and dismayed when I finally discovered that it was n’t real .
The original Legend of Zelda games on the NES and SNES were some of my all - time favorites .
And unlike other video game franchises ( I ’m looking at you Mario and Luigi ) , the world of Hyrule is one that is deep and engrossing .
Thanks to the numerous games that the franchise has produced , many of the characters , races , weapons , and worlds that can be used are already fully fleshed out .
Anyone who produces a Legend of Zelda trilogy ( as if one would be enough ) would have a treasure trove of material to work with .
The main reason ‘ The Legend of Zelda ’ makes the top spot is how immensely successful it would be .
A film such as ‘ Thundercats ’ would really only appeal to guys who watched the show when they were young .
‘ Zelda ’ would appeal to a much wider audience since both boys and girls play the games .
And because of a consistent output of titles for the Wii and DS , Zelda continues to build a strong fan base and would n’t rely entirely on nostalgia .
An epic fantasy adventure film along the lines of Lord of the Rings would have unlimited appeal ( not to mention the possibility of the rare movie tie - in video game that is actually any good ) .
Peter Jackson would be the natural choice to helm such an undertaking , but almost anybody could knock this one out of the park , so long as we keep that Uwe Boll guy as far away as possible from this sacred franchise .
A ‘ Legend of Zelda ’ trilogy could finally accomplish what has eluded Hollywood so far : make a good video game movie .
Grab it on the App Store .
The Japan Food Addict app is here !
“ Yasai ” is the Japanese word for vegetables , and “ Yaki Udon ” is stir - fried udon .
If you are on diet or want to eat low calorie food , you can add more cabbage or beans sprouts and add less sugar .
Yield : 2 servings
Time : 15 minutes Ingredients 2 packages of udon noodles
1/4 sliced onion
2 oz sliced carrots
4 oz cabbage , chopped Spices 1/2 tsp sesame oil
2 tbsp soy sauce
1 tbsp mirin
1 tbsp sake
1 tbsp sugar
1 tbsp okonomiyaki sauce
1 pinch of red ginger ( optional )
1 pinch of katsuobushi ( optional )
Salt and pepper ( to taste ) Preparation Mix soy sauce , sake , mirin , and sugar in a small bowl
Put fresh udon noodles in boiling water for 1 minute ( follow package instructions for dried udon )
Heat sesame oil in a frying pan and cook onions for 2 minutes Add carrots and cook for an additional 2 minutes
Add cabbage and cook for 2 more minutes
Add salt and pepper Add udon noodles and soy sauce / sake / mirin / sugar mixture and stir Add okonomiyaki sauce and stir , then transfer to a serving dish Top with katsuobushi and red ginger ( optional ) JapanFoodAddict.com : Vegetables
Big news out of GDC today for Final Fantasy fans with a Playstation 3 , as it has been revealed that the PS3 version of FFXIII will offer some extra goodies including a chance to get into the FFXIV beta .
Inside FFXIII ’s box is a Square Enix Members Card with a code .
Enter it into FFXIV ’s site and you ’ll get some in - game FFXIV items as well as an extra name in the hat for beta access to the next Final Fantasy MMO .
The flip side of this is that the Xbox 360 version does n’t include the bonus , though note that FFXIV is currently slated only for PC and PS3 – most likely the reason why the content was excluded from the 360 version .
FFXIII is out today .
( Feb. 19 , 2010 , updated w/ video and large photo gallery ) -- LBReport.com provides VIDEO and photo coverage of events as members of the Kansas - based Westboro Baptist Church encountered counter - demonstrators when they chose to picket at Long Beach 's Wilson High School .
A large crowd of counter - demonstrators ( we very roughly estimate over 1,000 but under 3,000 ) -- most of them students exiting Wilson High School at the end of the Friday school day -- outnumbered and drowned out the Westboro picketers .
Many of the counter - demonstrating students carried hand - made signs .
Photo credit : Chris Brito
Photo credit : Chris Brito
Before school let out , counter - demonstrators already occupied three of the former corners at the intersection of Ximeno and 10th St. with picketers relegated to the NW corner ... and some counter - demonstrators occupying nearby sidewalk .
Photo credit : Chris Brito
Photo credit : Chris Brito
Photo credit : Shelley Brice - Boyle
Photo credit : Shelley Brice - Boyle
Photo credit : Shelley Brice - Boyle
Photo credit : Shelley Brice - Boyle
Photo credit : Shelley Brice - Boyle
Photo credit : Shelley Brice - Boyle
Photo credit : Shelley Brice - Boyle
Photo credit : Shelley Brice - Boyle
Photo credit : Shelley Brice - Boyle
Photo credit : Shelley Brice - Boyle
Photo credit : Shelley Brice - Boyle
Photo credit : Shelley Brice - Boyle
At 2:50 p.m. , exiting students swelled the crowd , moving westward on 10th St. Counter - demonstrators carried signs ridiculing the picketers ; a young man with a slide trombone offered buffoonish sounds ... and at least twice , counter demonstrators chanted " go home , go home . "
Among those in the crowd of counter - demonstrators : Councilmembers Tonia Reyes Uranga , Robert Garcia and LB School Board candidate Jeff Price .
Shortly after 3 p.m. , a van drove up escorted by LBPD units ; some Westboro picketers entered the van .
A Wilson High students expresses his views with a digital salute :
LBReport.com video screen save
The van drove off ... and the counter - demonstrators cheered wildly .
By about 3:15 p.m. , the crowd was dispersing .
LBPD says initial reports indicated no arrests .
Earlier in the afternoon , a smaller but equally contemptuous crowd of counter - demonstrators met the Westboro picketers at the Alpert Jewish Community Center .
No arrests were reported at that site either .
The Westboro picketers announced a schedule of sites on Sat. Feb. 20 and Sun. Feb. 21 ... and LBReport.com will continue to follow this story .
If you have photos you 'd like to share , email them to LBReport.com .
at mail@LBReport.com .
Please include a contact phone number where we can reach you .
WASHINGTON — House Democrats approved a far - reaching overhaul of the nation ’s health system on Sunday , voting over unanimous Republican opposition to provide medical coverage to tens of millions of uninsured Americans after an epic political battle that could define the differences between the parties for years .
With the 219 - to - 212 vote , the House gave final approval to legislation passed by the Senate on Christmas Eve .
Thirty - four Democrats joined Republicans in voting against the bill .
The vote sent the measure to President Obama , whose yearlong push for the legislation has been the centerpiece of his agenda and a test of his political power .
After approving the bill , the House adopted a package of changes to it by a vote of 220 to 211 .
That package — agreed to in negotiations among House and Senate Democrats and the White House — now goes to the Senate for action as soon as this week .
It would be the final step in a bitter legislative fight that has highlighted the nation ’s deep partisan and ideological divisions .
On a sun-splashed day outside the Capitol , protesters , urged on by House Republicans , chanted “ Kill the bill ” and waved yellow flags declaring “ Do n’t Tread on Me . ”
They carried signs saying “ Doctors , Not Dictators . ”
( CNN ) -- Authorities in Connecticut say two would - be robbers tried " phoning in " to pull off a bank heist .
It did n't work .
" I 've heard of drive - up robberies where they rob the bank via drive - up windows , " said Det. Lt. Michael Gagner of the Fairfield , Connecticut , Police Department .
" But I 've never had somebody call ahead and say , ' Get the money , we 're coming . ' "
The attempted bank job unfolded Tuesday afternoon at a branch of the People 's Bank in Fairfield .
Authorities said a bank employee received a phone call from a person demanding that $ 100,000 in large bills be gathered , or there would be a " blood bath " if the orders were not carried out .
The employee hung up the phone and immediately called 911 , Gagner said .
The bank also initiated a lockdown but not before the caller 's accomplice was already inside , Gagner said .
According to Gagner , the accomplice handed a teller a note demanding money at the exact same time the bank employee was talking on the phone to the police .
" The guy is literally giving us a blow - by - blow , saying the robbery is going down , " Gagner said .
After passing the note and collecting about $ 900 , the suspect politely asked to be let out of the bank , Gagner said .
By this time , patrol cars were on the scene .
The suspect left the bank and encountered a police officer who ordered him to stop , Gagner said .
The suspect then tried to run to the car where the other suspect was waiting .
Both were arrested without incident .
Police identified one suspect as Albert Bailey , 27 , of Bridgeport , Connecticut .
The other suspect is a juvenile .
The two are charged with first degree robbery and threatening in the first degree .
Gagner said Bailey is on probation for another bank hold - up several years ago .
Gagner added that the robbers insisted that the money waiting for them not be put in a dye pack .
Their wishes were not followed , and a bag of cash exploded in dye when one of the suspects threw it on the ground .
" We were all kind of cracking up with the call ahead aspect of it , " Gagner said , " definitely unusual technique . "
The best parodies start with a laugh before leaving us with the hollowness of their truth .
Sorry , Google Buzz .
Sorry , under - lived life .
Sorry , sweet butterfly .
Advertisement
An unidentified man has become a hero in Argentina after he pushed a stalled van off railroad tracks , narrowly escaping being hit by the train .
FARMINGTON , N.M.
—
The patient was only slightly injured when he limped into a hospital in the northwest New Mexico city of Farmington .
The only problem was , he was a dog .
When the automatic doors at San Juan Regional Medical Center 's emergency room slid open Saturday night , the pooch walked in , blood on his nose and paw , and a puncture hole in one leg .
Animal control officer Robin Loev ( LOHV ) responded to a call from the hospital and suspects the puncture wound was from the bite of another dog .
Loev says the German shepherd mix appeared to be intelligent and calm -- and knew enough to go to the right place .
The animal was taken to the Farmington Animal Shelter and claimed by its owner .
------
Information from : The Daily Times , http://www.daily-times.com
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Show creator Dan Harmon breaks the good news to the Community cast .
Most adorable video you ’ll see today .
Too bad they all have to work with Chevy again though .
There 's something to be said for watching a concert with your own eyes , not mediated by the lens of a camera or the fuzzy screen of a cellphone , compulsively trying to capture it forever .
Advertisement
You 'll only remember hazy scraps and snippets , like when the guitarist smashed his Fender into the speaker and you got clipped in the eye by plastic shrapnel because you were right up front , and never moved , never gave an inch to the intruding crowd , even though you had to pee really bad during the last three songs .
Those are the moments that matter , the ones you 'll hang onto , the ones you 'll recount again and again in bars and on roadtrips .
Or maybe you 're drunk , and you wo n't remember anything , but the next day , you 'll know you had a really amazing time , inversely proportional to the size of your hangover , and by how wispy the images , sounds and smells are that billow through your brain are .
Not that you were pissed off for half an hour while you tried to hold your arm steady against the quaking crowd , clenching your entire body to forever freeze the perfect photo op , or waiting for the most awesome possible time to record a clip , stalking that ephemeral moment like prey , just to upload it for your other friends who were lame and did n't make it .
Advertisement
Those photos might be on Facebook forever , but what are you really recording for posterity ?
A million smudged pixels that , if I squint , vaguely resembles John Mayer ?
A blown out recording of a song that sounds kinda like a bad cover of that Grizzly Bear song ?
Oh , it 's really Vampire Weekend .
And it is " Two Weeks . "
Oops .
Just because you can document and share nearly every moment of your life does n't mean you should .
Stop worrying so much about stealing away with an image or a clip that perfectly crystallizes the night , like a trophy to collect , another document to catalog , and just experience it .
Enjoy it .
There 's not a camera on the planet that can capture the way a concert makes you feel .
Take one picture .
Mark the occasion .
Then put your goddamn camera down .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Image is CC licensed from Flickr user Mosesxan .
Memory [ Forever ] is our week - long consideration of what it really means when our memories , encoded in bits , flow in a million directions , and might truly live forever .
WASHINGTON 
The nation ’s top two defense officials called Tuesday for an end to the 16 - year - old “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” law , a major step toward allowing openly gay men and women to serve in the United States military for the first time .
“ No matter how I look at the issue , I can not escape being troubled by the fact that we have in place a policy which forces young men and women to lie about who they are in order to defend their fellow citizens , ” Adm .
Mike Mullen , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , told the Senate Armed Services Committee .
As a murmur swept through a hearing room packed with gay rights leaders , Admiral Mullen said it was his personal belief that “ allowing gays and lesbians to serve openly would be the right thing to do . ”
He is the first sitting chairman of the Joint Chiefs to support a repeal of the policy , and his forceful expression of his views seemed to catch not only gay rights leaders but also Senator Carl Levin , the Michigan Democrat who is the committee ’s chairman , by surprise .
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa —
Forget taxis that get stuck in Johannesburg 's dreaded traffic jams .
Forget minivans that pack in passengers like sardines .
South Africa will soon have the Gautrain — Africa 's first high - speed train that will link Johannesburg and Pretoria to the international airport .
Foreign visitors flying into Johannesburg for the World Cup can expect to be met by slick new trains that will whisk them from the airport to the city ’s posh Sandton area in a zippy 15 minutes .
Despite earlier reports that the airport rail link would n’t open until midway through the soccer championships , it now looks certain to launch in May , with enough time to finish testing and be ready to meet the thousands of fans arriving in June for the soccer tournament .
Read all of GlobalPost 's World Cup 2010 coverage
But the big question is will the Gautrain — as this expensive rail project is known — find success beyond the World Cup ?
The Gautrain — a composite of Gauteng province and train — is a transit experiment , the first of its kind in Africa , will have a top speed of 100 miles per hour and is intended to help transform Johannesburg by getting car - loving commuters onto an environmentally friendly rail system .
The airport link is the first phase of the $ 3.25 - billion project that will by mid-2011 see Johannesburg ’s downtown connected by high - speed rail to Pretoria , the nation 's capital 38 miles north .
Greater Johannesburg has a population of 10 million and Pretoria has 2.3 million .
The two cities are rapidly sprawling towards each other and the new train is expected to further the urbanization along the transport corridor .
O.R. Tambo International Airport is the busiest in Africa , serving 17 million people a year .
The Gautrain will be the first rail linking the airport to the two cities .
When journalists were taken on a recent test ride of the Gautrain , the computer ticketing machines and turnstiles were in place at the airport and the gleaming new trains pulled out from a platform still under construction at the terminal .
The train moved swiftly along the rails .
Bombardier , the Canadian transportation company that is part of an international consortium behind the project , says it is pushing hard to get the train tested and running smoothly ahead of the June 11 start of the World Cup .
Gautrain spokeswoman Barbara Jensen said that “ chances are good ” for the project to open ahead of the World Cup , and an announcement about the official opening date will be made on Feb. 22 .
Ticket prices have yet to be announced , but according to David Barry , vice president of Bombardier Transportation ’s subsidiary in South Africa , the airport link will be a premium service and more expensive , while the commuter rail service will be priced to get people out of their cars .
The Gautrain is selling itself to commuters as being a high - tech , environmentally conscious and fast way to travel through Johannesburg .
Security on the train and at its stations has been emphasized — a priority in this crime - heavy city .
Promotional material bills the Gautrain as “ a golden thread that connects Africa to the world . ”
But Vaughan Mostert , a senior lecturer in transport economics at the University of Johannesburg , questions the project and thinks the focus should have been on providing better service on the city ’s existing but highly disorganized and outdated network of buses and trains , before shelling out for new infrastructure .
“ It is really not an appropriate solution to the problems that we face , ” he says .
“ Against the cost of putting in the system , the benefits or the amount of cars that it is going to take off the road is hardly worth the effort . ”
Mostert thinks that the Gautrain ’s long - term success will be hindered by the lack of a supporting public transit system — for example , a properly planned feeder system that will take people to the Gautrain ’s 10 stations .
While there will be a network of 125 “ luxury buses ” taking passengers to stations from the surrounding suburbs , Mostert thinks it ’s not enough .
What Johannesburg city really needs , he says , is an official transit authority to oversee all public transportation in the city and develop a comprehensive plan with official routes and schedules , a common practice in North American cities .
Currently public transport in Johannesburg is “ a disjointed , uncoordinated , irrational service , run by a multitude of different operators , ” says Mostert .
Despite traffic - clogged city roads in Johannesburg , commuters continue to drive their near - empty vehicles to work and back .
Getting them to park their cars and ride the Gautrain is supposed to be one of the selling points of the project .
“ It is not energy efficient to carry an average of 1.3 people in a car , ” says Gautrain publicity material , which also points out that train travel is one of the most carbon - friendly forms of transportation .
Those who ca n’t afford a car — the majority of the population — take the ubiquitous minibus taxis , emission - spewing white vans that race around the city , cutting off other drivers and stopping anywhere to pile in more passengers .
A new bus system , the Rea Vaya Bus Rapid Transit , was launched in August but has failed to meet expectations , in part due to sometimes violent resistance from the minibus taxi lobby .
The BRT features low - emissions buses , modern stations and an extensive network , although it has already been scaled back in Johannesburg ’s suburbs .
News that expanded BRT routes would be added next month has brought renewed calls for strikes by the taxi industry .
According to the New York - based Institute for Transportation and Development Policy , which was involved with the planning of the BRT , 63 percent of Johannesburg residents do not own a car .
Among those who do n’t drive a car , about 70 percent take a minibus taxi .
During the World Cup , many South African cities will offer Park 'n Ride shuttle services to World Cup venues , although in Johannesburg fans will be charged up to R100 ( $ 13 ) for the service .
On non -match days , fans may be stuck having to take taxis to get around .
“ People from Sweden or from Germany or England or North America or Japan will expect a little bit more than what they 're going to get , ” Mostert says about public transportation during the World Cup .
“ We must be ready for some embarrassment .
But you could say that we will probably muddle through somehow . ”
Paul Krugman trashes the " deficit peacocks " like President Obama who pretend to care about the mountain of debt we 're building up without actually doing anything about it .
The LAST thing we want to do right now , Krugman says , is cut spending , because it 's the only thing keeping us out of depression .
But we do need a plan to increase spending now and cut it sharply later ... and that 's what our government is incapable of providing .
From the NYT :
The nature of America ’s troubles is easy to state .
We ’re in the aftermath of a severe financial crisis , which has led to mass job destruction .
The only thing that ’s keeping us from sliding into a second Great Depression is deficit spending .
And right now we need more of that deficit spending because millions of American lives are being blighted by high unemployment , and the government should be doing everything it can to bring unemployment down .
In the long run , however , even the U.S. government has to pay its way .
And the long - run budget outlook was dire even before the recent surge in the deficit , mainly because of inexorably rising health care costs .
Looking ahead , we ’re going to have to find a way to run smaller , not larger , deficits .
How can this apparent conflict between short - run needs and long - run responsibilities be resolved ?
Intellectually , it ’s not hard at all .
We should combine actions that create jobs now with other actions that will reduce deficits later .
Read the whole thing at the NYT >
The World from Berlin Google 's Move to Hong Kong ' A Face - Saving Capitulation '
Google has stopped playing by the Chinese rules and moved its search engine to Hong Kong .
The move allows the company to keep one foot in China while fulfilling its promise to end self - censorship .
But German commentators are still skeptical of the company 's motives -- and future .
When George Gascón became San Francisco 's police chief , it was a revelation .
He held news conferences without checking with higher - ups , and called back reporters promptly to offer unvarnished opinions .
Compared with the usual bunker mentality at SFPD , it was a whole new world .
I once asked someone in City Hall if Gascón would be asked to tone it down .
" They 'll let him go until he puts his foot in it , " they said .
This week he did .
At a breakfast meeting Wednesday to discuss the earthquake - safety bond measure , Gascón veered off onto the topic of terrorism .
He said that San Francisco has a large number of immigrants from Yemen and Afghanistan , and added that those are two countries where international terrorism often emanates .
Others told The Chronicle they heard him say the Hall of Justice is susceptible to members of the city 's Middle Eastern community parking a van in front of it and blowing it up .
Dumb , dumb and dumb .
The last thing you want to do in San Francisco is imply that the diversity of the city is somehow dangerous or unfortunate .
After putting up with insults , suspicion and outright racism , Arab Americans are incredibly sensitive to any implication that they are somehow tied to terrorism .
And finally , geez , Chief , the progressives already do n't like you .
Why hand them a stick ?
" If these statements were made , they are disappointing , alarming and inappropriate , " said Police Commissioner Petra DeJesus , who has been critical of Gascón 's free - wheeling opinions .
She 's right .
And Gascón knows it .
" Looking back , I should n't have even mentioned those two countries , " he said Friday .
" If anyone was offended , I 'm sorry . "
He 's also setting up a meeting next week with members of the Arab American community to smooth things over .
Good idea , but a little slow .
The breakfast meeting was Wednesday morning .
In a story in Friday 's Chronicle , Gascón said , " There was no need to single out those two countries . . . but it 's not because it was not accurate . "
He should have unequivocally said that he screwed up and is sorry .
Otherwise he 's just feeding his critics , like DeJesus .
" It just seems like he needs to be the bigger man and apologize , " she said .
" He needs to acknowledge it and say he is sorry . "
Friday afternoon he did .
The SFPD issued a formal press release .
" Police Chief George Gascón would like to apologize to those in the Arab , Middle Eastern , and Muslim communities who were offended by his comments , " it said , concluding with wishes for , " a very happy Persian New Year . "
But by then the story had taken on a life of its own .
There were reports that Gascón had claimed that local Arab American residents were planning to carry out a bomb attack .
By all accounts - although there were no reporters at the breakfast - Gascón said nothing like that .
In fact , he said he specifically mentioned the Oklahoma City bombing , which was instigated by home - grown terrorists , some of whom served in the U.S. Army .
Nor is there anything wrong with saying that government buildings , like the Hall of Justice , are likely targets for terrorists .
But the chief 's defenders , like Kevin Martin , vice president of the Police Officers Association , have to be careful not to appear to be making excuses .
" Clearly the chief did not mean to offend anyone , " Martin said .
" In this city , in this day and age , you 're not going to be able to say anything without stepping on someone 's toes . "
That 's partly true .
But this is a city proud of its diversity , its feistiness in standing up for unrepresented groups .
No one sees that as a failing .
It is a strength .
Knowing that , public officials have to be very careful with what they say and how it sounds .
" I know , I know , " Gascón said .
" This is San Francisco .
I get it . "
Good .
MOX fuel contract for Hokkaido reactor
30 March 2010
Share
France 's Areva has signed a contract to supply mixed - oxide ( MOX ) fuel for use in unit 3 of Hokkaido Electric Power Co's Tomari nuclear power reactor in Japan .
A MOX fuel pellet
Under the terms of the contract , signed with Mitsubishi Nuclear Fuel ( MNF ) , Areva will fabricate the MOX fuel at its Melox plant using plutonium recovered from used fuel at its La Hague reprocessing plant .
MNF designed the MOX fuel to be used by Hokkaido .
Between 2006 and 2009 , Areva signed MOX supply contracts with other Japanese utilities , including Chubu , Kyushu , Shikoku , Kansai , Electric Power Development Corp ( EPDC ) and Chugoku .
Construction of the 866 MWe Tomari 3 pressurized water reactor began in 2003 .
The reactor reached criticality on 3 March 2009 and test operations followed on 20 March .
It was connected to the grid in December .
An application was made in March 2009 to the Ministry of Economy , Trade and Industry ( Meti ) for Tomari 3 to use up to 40 MOX fuel assemblies .
Permission from the ministry is pending .
In addition to gaining permission to use the fuel , Hokkaido must also apply for permission to import the MOX assemblies .
About 5 % of the content of MOX fuel is plutonium recovered from nuclear fuel already used in power - generating reactors .
Recycling the material in this way increases the energy it produces by 12 % , while if unfissioned uranium is also recovered and reused the figure increases to 22 % .
The process also allows the separation of the most highly radioactive fission products , meaning the volume of the most dangerous waste is reduced by over 60 % .
This kind of recycling is to be the basis of Japan 's future nuclear fuel cycle , so that the resource - poor but energy - hungry country can get the best value from imported uranium .
Later steps are planned to include fast neutron reactors to use more plutonium and generate more fissionable fuel with nuclear power providing over 40 % of electricity .
Up until 1998 , Japan sent the bulk of its used fuel to plants in France and the UK for reprocessing and MOX fabrication .
However , since 1999 it has been storing used fuel in anticipation of full - scale operation of its own reprocessing and MOX fabrication facilities .
Japan 's Federation of Electric Power Companies ( Fepco ) has a goal of having 16 - 18 reactors using MOX fuel by 2015 .
By end of January 2010 the Nuclear & Industrial Safety Agency ( NISA ) on behalf of Meti had approved the use of MOX fuel in ten reactors , including : Takahama 3 and 4 , Fukishima I - 3 , Kashiwazaki Kariwa 3 , Genkai 3 , Hamaoka 4 , Onagawa 3 and Shimane - 2 .
Unit 3 of Kyushu Electric Power Co's Genkai nuclear power plant was the first Japanese reactor to use MOX fuel .
It restarted in early November 2009 , having been partly loaded MOX fuel assemblies .
Researched and written
by World Nuclear News
** 0.1-0 ( 2010-02 - 20 )
Release of the first public beta
** 0.1 -1 ( 2010 -02 - 24 )
Solved : Minor bug with preview size
** 0.1 -2 ( 2010 -02 - 27 )
Solved : Bug with handling symbolic links while installing new Iconsets
** 0.2-0 ( 2010-05 -04 )
Complete rewrite with many changes
** 0.2-1 ( 2010 -05 - 13 )
Added russian translation
** 0.3-0 ( 2010-05 - 20 )
Solved : bug at updating and deleting iconsets
Solved : bug depending on cleaning the cache folder
Improved : svg color - substitution
Aquarell iconset : added more icons
... and dont forget to vote :-)
A group of top film firms have won a piracy case against a file - sharing site .
The UK High Court of Justice in London awarded an injunction against Newzbin , following a complaint from film makers with the Motion Picture Association ( MPA ) , including Twentieth Century Fox and Disney .
Membership - only Usenet site Newzbin argued that it was essentially a search engine and does n't host content , but the court disagreed .
In the ruling , the court said the site had 700,000 members and turnover above 1 million .
" There is no doubt that the defendant has developed a very substantial business , " the ruling said .
The MPA 's general counsel for Europe Ted Sapiro welcomed the decision , saying it clarified European copyright laws .
" This is an important decision and it sends a clear message that websites focusing on providing viewers with pirated film and TV programmes infringe copyright and are liable for their actions even where those websites do n't themselves host the content , " he added .
Newzbin said the ruling was a waste of time .
" Any of the material we index can be found on any one of thousands of sites on the internet so pursuit of us is a futile waste of everyone 's time and money . "
The terms of the injunction and any penalties will be announced later this week .
It is amazing how the story gets so distorted .
It actually goes like this …
I got kicked in the face first in a ruck and ended up spitting out various parts of 3 broken teeth .
Secondly i got knocked out cold by Jean Pierre Garuet .
He flew into a ruck and hit me in the right side of the forehead .
I am not quite sure whether this happened after the groin or before , as i was in lala land from then on .
The third incident , I was setting up a ball in a tackle zone and I beleive Daniel Dubroca tried to kick the ball out of my hands , catching me in the groin .
It bloody well hurt at the time , so i just chucked the old proverbial Jesus water down the shorts to make it feel better .
That did n't do alot , so we just played on .
I went off the field with 20 minutes to go not really knowing where i was , let alone what day it was .
As history shows , we lost the game , and it was not until i got changed that i realized that my scrotum had been torn , and that the testicle was hanging a good 4 or 5 inches out of the scrotum .
It was all put back into place and stitched up nicely .
It 's just another small injury that many of us get due to the rigors of our lovely game , rugby .
For the next two weeks , we shall be presenting 2009 's best , as picked by you the players , and as picked by us the editors .
It has been another great year for mod and indie developers , so please join us in congratulating and thanking these teams for their hard work .
Never before have there been so many game - changing releases made available for us to experience and play .
Out of Hell is a singleplayer horror experience for UT2004 !
Make your way through a decimated town overrun by blood - thirsty zombies !
Powerful firearms and brutal melee weapons are at your disposal as you cut and cleave through over 20 grimy and blood - soaked maps !
View all nominees »
Overgrowth takes place in the savage world of Lugaru where rabbits , wolves and other animals are forced to use paws , claws and medieval weaponry to engage each other in battle .
Combining 3rd person adventure platforming with intricate melee combat , Overgrowth achieves a unique feel .
View all nominees »
Naruto : Naiteki Kensei offers a unique fast - paced gaming experience based on the hit Japanese anime Naruto .
Combining a third - person shooter with an action - based fighter , players go head - to - head against others online casting powerful jutsus , performing evasive , acrobatic , and free - form moves , while utilizing an array of weapons with multiple functions .
View all nominees »
A Reckless Disregard for Gravity is loosely based on the sport of base - jumping .
You gain points by swooping within an eyelash of buildings , scoring extra points by kissing the surface , all while going as fast as you can !
You can score extra points giving a thumbs - up to spectators as you fall past them or be a rebel and gain points by flipping them off at just the right moment .
View all nominees »
MechWarrior : Living Legends is a total conversion mod for Crysis .
MWLL is at its very core a mix between a First Person Shooter and a Simulation .
This will be achieved through the use of a mixed arms massively multiplayer gaming experience where the player takes part in a battle using a variety of vehicles and weapons .
View all nominees »
The Nameless Mod is set in Forum City , the physical embodiment of Internet forums and bulletin boards .
Embracing the style of Deus Ex , Forum City has as much crime and conspiracy which JC Denton must overcome .
This would be easy if it were n't for the citizens , who want it no other way .
View all nominees »
China ’s exports rose 46 % in February from a year earlier , beating expectations and setting the stage for more calls to increase the value of the Chinese currency , analysts said .
The increase , announced Wednesday , was driven by heightened demand from the United States , the European Union and Japan .
Trade tensions have mounted over China ’s artificially low currency , the yuan , also known as the renminbi .
Competing exporters say it gives China an unfair advantage at a time when the rest of the globe is still seeking to recover from the financial crisis .
Advertisement
Chinese policymakers say they cannot consider appreciation until economic conditions are more stable .
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao said last week the country would keep the value of the yuan at an “ appropriate and balanced level ” this year .
February ’s increase marks the third consecutive month exports have grown from the same month a year earlier .
“ The strong export recovery should provide support for those who advocate for a resumption ” of the appreciation of the yuan , said Tao Wang , head of China Economic Research for UBS Securities , in a report released Wednesday .
However , Chinese officials are striking a cautious tone .
Minister of Commerce Chen Deming told reporters Saturday that China ’s exports were still far from returning to levels seen before the global recession .
Advertisement
“ Although China ’s exports have regained momentum since the beginning of this year , it would take two or three years for exports to return to the level of 2008 , as global recovery is still haunted by uncertainties , ” Chen said .
Ben Simpfendorfer , chief China economist for the Royal Bank of Scotland , warned that next month ’s export numbers could dive because the Chinese New Year national holiday took place in late February ( the festival ’s date changes each year because it ’s based on the lunar calendar ) .
The timing encouraged exporters to ship their merchandise earlier instead of waiting for March .
Simpfendorfer also noted that last month ’s glowing export totals were aided by the fact that February of last year was the second - worst month for exporters in 2009 .
Advertisement
david.pierson@latimes.com
The true - life story from which this Oscar - winning movie is taken may well be every bit as inspirational and remarkable as its fans believe it to be .
But the film itself is dead from the neck up and the neck down : a Photoshopped image of reality that is bland , parochial , and stereotypically acted by a cast who have nothing like the subtlety and range of Trey Parker 's puppets from Team America : World Police .
Sandra Bullock got her Oscar for playing the tough - love Christian Republican wife and mother who takes in a troubled African - American teen and motivates him to greatness on the football field .
Her performance is dominated by a strangely humourless glazed expression – the same with or without sunglasses – an intermittent clenched smile and a frosted blond do that looks as if it would splinter if you chipped it .
There is something weirdly absent about this performance , which seems to have been been co-sponsored by Percodan , with additional vexed walking - and - talking - while - on - cellphone brought to you by Klonopin .
Her easygoing millionaire husband Sean ( Tim McGraw ) is too good to be true , her cheerleader daughter Collins ( Lily Collins ) is pure whitebread , and Collins 's kid brother , tousle - haired little tyke SJ ( Jae Head ) , deserved some sort of mini-Oscar for being annoying .
Bullock is Leigh Anne Tuohy , the formidable woman from Memphis , Tennessee , who one evening notices a big , unhappy black boy called Michael Oher ( Quinton Aaron ) , shuffling out of her son's school with ragged clothes and , apparently , no place to sleep .
She takes him under her wing , into her home and into her heart .
There are pre-emptive scenes coolly nipping any worries in the bud – she raises and dismisses the fear that he might steal something .
A friend is icily rebuked over lunch for wondering about Michael 's proximity to Leigh Anne 's lovely teenage daughter ( " Shame on you ! " ) .
Leigh
Anne herself seeks out Michael 's drug - addicted mother and , without needing to ask , secures the woman 's heartfelt blessing for what she is doing : " You 're a fine Christian lady ! "
Soon Michael is taking to the football field and , after a wobbly start , is a natural and definite college sports scholarship material .
But wait .
Like all the Tuohy family , Leigh Anne loves football .
Could it be that she was grooming Michael as a mouthwatering gift to her football - crazy alma mater , the University of Mississippi , a big part of her social status and the place where she undoubtedly hopes to send her own kids ?
And if she was , what on earth is so bad about that ?
Everyone wins , do n't they ?
Are n't conservatives allowed to show compassion ?
Especially as Leigh Anne 's compassion , unlike that of whingeing liberals , actually gets things done ?
That is the only real dramatic issue at stake , the only question that might smudge the family Christmas card perfection of this story .
The movie fudges it – it is raised , perfunctorily , only at the very end .
The rest of the action is taken up with predictable , hammily acted nonsense .
There is a rich , complex story to be told about Michael Oher , and his mentor , Leigh Anne Tuohy .
But this waxwork parade is n't it .
A NIGHTCLUB in Singapore is offering free drinks to women according to their bra size according a report in the China Press , MyFox National reported .
" Fill My Cups " nights are all the rage at the OverEasy nightclub , complete with promotional posters proclaiming " Booze for your boobs . "
The stunt has been called both humorous and distasteful .
" I think the concept is funny but I would not degrade myself by being a part of it , " a 19 - year - old women told The New Paper , a local publication .
But another woman said she did not think it would be " embarrassing " to be judged on her bust .
" After all , I 'm rather proud of my assets . "
The free drink nights have strict rules :
There are two judges , one of each gender , who visually determine each woman 's cup size .
A women with an A cup receives one free drink , a B cup gets two , a C cup slurps down three , those lucky enough to have a D cup walk away with a free bottle of vodka .
The club named the gimmick after one its guest deejays who goes by the moniker DJ DCUP .
Read more about the club handing out free drinks based on cup size at MyFox News .
× This page contains archived content and is no longer being updated .
At the time of publication , it represented the best available science .
At 94 kilometers ( 58 miles ) by 39 kilometers ( 24 miles ) in size , the B - 09B iceberg is comparable to the state of Rhode Island , which is wider but not quite so long .
After lingering near the Mertz Glacier in Eastern Antarctica for several years , the massive iceberg collided with the glacier tongue on February 12 or 13 , breaking it away from the rest of the glacier .
The former glacier tongue formed a new iceberg nearly as large as B -09B .
These images , all from the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ( MODIS ) sensor on NASA ’s Aqua satellite , show the iceberg and glacier tongue immediately before and after the collision .
The top image is from February 7 , 2010 , when B - 09B was approaching the Mertz Glacier Tongue .
Chunks of sea ice float in the water between the smooth iceberg and the coast .
It is clear that the iceberg and the glacier tongue are trapping the ice in place .
The water beyond the tongue and the iceberg is black in these images , and contains far less ice .
The ice tongue itself is an extension of the Mertz Glacier , created as the ice flows down the mountain and onto the water .
Glacier tongues grow longer year by year until they eventually break off , calving a new iceberg .
The Mertz Glacier Tongue was beginning to break before the B - 09B iceberg rammed it .
Dark horizontal cracks were visible in the ice tongue on February 7 .
Sometime on February 12 or 13 , B - 09B struck the ice tongue .
Clouds hid the event in MODIS satellite images , but on the afternoon of February 13 , the clouds had thinned just enough to reveal that the ice tongue had broken away in the collision .
The next cloud - free view of the region on February 20 ( center image ) shows the two icebergs .
The glacier tongue had clearly broken along the rifts that were visible in early February .
Over the course of the next week , the former Mertz Glacier Tongue pivoted away from the glacier like a door hinged at the point where B - 09B hit it ( lower image ) .
The iceberg formed from the Mertz Glacier Tongue is 78 kilometers ( 48 miles ) long by 39 kilometers ( 24 miles ) wide and has a mass of 700 - 800 billion tons , reported BBC News .
The glacier tongue had previously contributed to keeping a section of the ocean free of ice , a condition known as a polynya .
The polynya provided a significant feeding site for wildlife like penguins .
The shorter tongue may not protect the area from sea ice , reducing or even eliminating the polynya and the access to food it provided .
The B9 iceberg broke from the Ross Ice Shelf in West Antarctica some time in 1987 .
It took the massive iceberg more than two decades to drift slowly out of the Ross Sea and along the coast to the Mertz Glacier in East Antarctica .
Along the way , it broke apart , one segment becoming the massive B - 09B iceberg that collided with the glacier tongue in February 2010 .
The large images are the highest resolution version of the image available .
The February 26 , February 20 , February 13 , and February 7 images are all available in additional resolutions from the MODIS Rapid Response Team .
NASA images by Jeff Schmaltz , MODIS Rapid Response Team , Goddard Space Flight Center .
Caption by Holli Riebeek
By Jane Elliott
Health reporter , BBC News
Philip now campaigns for others Philip Meehan 's life was saved by a baby he will never know .
When he was diagnosed with leukaemia doctors told him he desperately needed a bone marrow transplant .
As an only child , he had no family matches and despite a six - month search the NHS and the Anthony Nolan Trust failed to find a living donor .
" They were getting a bit twitchy because I had to have a bone marrow transplant , so they talked to me about a relatively new , but not experimental , treatment from cord blood , " he said .
' Huge potential '
One single umbilical cord was found to be a partial match - not the best odds , but Philip 's only realistic hope .
But others might not be as lucky .
Taking cord blood does not impinge on the mother or baby - it is just recycling
Philip Meehan
The Anthony Nolan Trust says 50,000 cord bloods would meet the UK's need for transplant and research purposes .
Cord blood is the blood that remains in the placenta and umbilical cord after a baby is born .
It is a rich source of stem cells , which can be used to treat conditions such as leukaemia .
Cord blood offers an alternative to using bone marrow , with the advantage of being immediately available and easier to match to a potential recipient .
Henny Braund , chief executive of the trust , would like to see far more cord blood collection facilities .
" Umbilical cord blood offers us huge potential to save not just a few , but many more lives from leukaemia , " she said .
" There are the benefits these stem cells offer to regenerative medicine and research .
" But at the moment we 're quite simply throwing away this opportunity .
" We do not have sufficient cord blood collection facilities in the UK , so valuable cord blood is being wasted once a mother has given birth .
" The Anthony Nolan Trust has had to import 268 cord blood units from abroad for transplant over the past four years .
" This is an unnecessary cost when we have the opportunity to collect this cord blood at home . "
' Fantastic resource ' Professor Ghulam Mufti , director of pathology at King 's College Hospital and a haemato - oncology consultant , said cord cells were a fantastic resource .
" These cells can go on to create a whole range of different cells in the blood or the immune system , " he said .
" If someone needs new bone marrow cells , the stem cells find their way into the bone marrow and start creating healthy cells to replace the damaged ones .
" This makes cord blood a viable alternative to bone marrow transplants for patients who either cannot find a marrow donor match or in whom a previous transplant has failed .
" It is much easier to match cord blood than bone marrow - for a bone marrow transplant , we have to find a donor who has a 95 % perfect match to the patient , or their body will just reject it .
" But with the stem cells from umbilical cord blood , that match only has to be 70 to 80 % perfect for the transplant to work . "
' Just recycling ' Philip , aged 43 , from West Sussex , says that he is certainly very grateful for the unknown mother and baby who saved him .
" Not a day goes by without my wondering about the baby who loaned me some of their stem cells .
" Due to the trust 's programme of anonymity I will never know who they are , but I will always be grateful and wish them the same hope for a long life and a healthy future as they gave me , " said the sound engineer .
" Taking cord blood does not impinge on the mother or baby - it is just recycling . "
Cords are otherwise thrown away Philip 's health problems started in 2007 after he went for a holiday to the Lake District .
" I was just tired every day and when I came back I was still tired and out of breath and feeling a bit rubbish so I went along to see my GP for a blood test .
" That day I signed for another six months on my flat and then that afternoon got a call to go to the Royal Sussex in Brighton saying ' bring your pyjamas ' .
I was there for six weeks . "
Six months later he had the transplant at King 's College Hospital , which has a collection service .
" You can't really say you are ever 100 % cured , but they say the longer you go the higher the chances you wo n't relapse , " he said .
" I still get very tired and have the memory of a goldfish , but my strength is coming back .
" In terms of getting back to normal , I am not back to normal , but I am pretty close . "
But Philip said he had nearly turned down any treatment fearing it would be too difficult .
" I just thought it was going to be very difficult doing this when I do n't have a reason to .
" I am not married , not in a relationship and do not have children .
" The thing that made a difference to me was meeting someone who had gone through it and proved it was not a death sentence and since then I have become a bit of an advocate . "
He now lobbies MPs for better collection and is helping the hospital and Anthony Nolan Trust raise the profile of cord collection provision .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
air and light and time and space
" –you know , I ’ve either had a family , a job ,
something has always been in the
way
but now
I ’ve sold my house , I ’ve found this
place , a large studio , you should see the space and
the light .
for the first time in my life I ’m going to have
a place and the time to
create . "
no baby , if you ’re going to create
you ’re going to create whether you work
16 hours a day in a coal mine
or
you ’re going to create in a small room with 3 children
while you ’re on
welfare ,
you ’re going to create with part of your mind and your body blown
away ,
you ’re going to create blind
crippled
demented ,
you ’re going to create with a cat crawling up your
back while
the whole city trembles in earthquake , bombardment ,
flood and fire .
baby , air and light and time and space
have nothing to do with it
and do n’t create anything
except maybe a longer life to find
new excuses
for .
© Charles Bukowski , Black Sparrow Press
In a sign of just how charged the debate over Internet disconnections has become , the UK Prime Minister 's office has weighed in on the matter .
" We will not terminate the accounts of infringers , " said a statement from 10 Downing Street .
" It is very hard to see how this could be deemed proportionate except in the most extreme — and therefore probably criminal — cases . "
Still , the UK government remains open to " account suspensions . "
Is it a distinction without a difference ?
Petitions sometimes get responses
The statement came in response to a public petition on the graduated response provisions currently written into the Digital Economy bill being debated in Parliament .
The bill would , for the first time , force UK ISPs to forward warning letters to P2P users and eventually take " technical measures " against them .
The petition complained that the bill forces ISPs to " monitor internet usage to ensure that no copyrighted material is being transferred .
This flagrant disregard for privacy is comparable to forcing the Post Office to search through parcels for photocopied documents or mixtape cassettes .
Such requirements would place enormous strain on ISP 's whilst failing to prevent the distribution of copyrighted material through hidden IP ’s , http or ftp , " it said .
It also complained about the severity of cutting off Internet access .
" Who is punished in the case of shared family connections ? " it asked .
" The increasing role of the internet in access to society should not be underestimated .
Cutting off households deprives families of education , government services and freedom of speech .
We do not see this as a fitting punishment , nor do we believe the breaches in privacy involved to be justifiable under copyright law . "
As to the first complaint , it 's simply wrong — the bill does not call on ISPs to monitor subscribers ( it 's left up to the rightsholders to do any monitoring and to issue complaints ) .
Since rightsholders do n't have access to the actual ISP network , they tend to gather their data from public sources like BitTorrent trackers .
Wiretap laws ( and EU law ) would make any ISP network monitoring problematic and probably illegal ; even the much - reviled , drafted - in - secret ACTA document would prevent any signatory form imposing ISP filtering requirements .
But as to the second point about proportionality , the petition touches on an important issue , and No. 10 appears to agree : account termination would be disproportionate to the harm .
( The Prime Minister 's office did reject the petition 's main request , though , which was to eliminate graduated response . )
That stands in sharp contrast to the government of France , which has been an enthusiastic backer of a scheme to cut off repeat infringers and place them on a national black list to prevent them from signing up with another ISP .
Still , the UK does support " account suspensions . "
This would appear to have the same practical effect as account termination , though users could switch to another ISP and start new service with them .
The Open Rights Group complains that this is mere semantic quibbling .
" Please do not be confused by the government ’s semantics , " wrote the group 's director , Jim Killock .
" [ The government ] decided in the summer that they would not refer to ' disconnecting ' users , because that sounds harsh and over the top .
' Temporary account suspension ' sounds much more reasonable .
" Language matters .
What journalist is going to run a story on ‘ temporary account suspension ’ ( yawn ) ?
This is why the government has chosen these disingenuous terms : it ‘s just more spin .
What we still do n’t know is how long a family ’s internet might be disconnected for . "
Wordplay or not , the response from 10 Downing Street does show something important : the public is aware of proportionality concerns , and even the government has taken " account termination " language off the table .
At least in the UK , the cry " we must protect the artists ! " can't be used to justify every possible response .
Proportionality matters .
The US commander in Afghanistan , General Stanley McChrystal , has banned American and NATO troops from eating fast food .
The general , who runs 13 kilometres every morning and eats just one meal a day , has ordered junk food outlets on all military bases to be closed .
Military leaders say the decision was made because Afghanistan is a war zone , not an amusement park .
The decision is not likely to be popular with those stationed on bases serviced by fast food outlets , but will free up supply lines for frontline soldiers in need of fresh food and running water .
" From the moment [ General ] McChrystal and I arrived in Afghanistan last summer , we began looking for ways to do things more efficiently across the battlefield , " Sergeant - Major Michael Hall wrote in a military blog , quoted by the Times Online .
" This effort includes moving and reallocating resources to better accomplish our mission .
" Supplying non-essential luxuries to big bases like Bagram and Kandahar makes it harder to get essential items to combat outposts and forward operating bases , where troops who are in the fight each day need resupplying with ammunition , food and water . "
Last year , General McChrystal banned alcohol at NATO 's Kabul headquarters after complaining that too many staff were coming to work with a hangover .
Palantir Grabs $ 21 Billion Valuation , but Debut Comes With a Hiccup Palantir and Asana made history by both completing direct listings on the New York Stock Exchange on the same day , a milestone for the little - tested way to go public
Washington ( CNN ) -- President Obama extended a bipartisan olive branch to GOP leaders in the health care debate Tuesday , stating in a letter that he is willing to consider several of their ideas in a compromise plan .
Specifically , the president said he may be willing to :
• Commit $ 50 million to fund state initiatives designed to reduce medical malpractice costs
• Allow undercover investigations of health care providers receiving Medicare , Medicaid and other federal programs
• Boost Medicaid reimbursements to doctors in certain states
• Include language in the final bill ensuring certain high - deductible health plans can be offered in the health exchange
The president said his decision to consider the GOP ideas was a result of last week 's health care summit .
" The meeting was a good opportunity to move past the usual rhetoric and sound bites that have come to characterize this debate and identify areas on which we agree and disagree , " he wrote .
" I left convinced that the Republican and Democratic approaches to health care have more in common than most people think . "
GOP leaders were unsatisfied with Obama 's concessions .
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R- Kentucky , said the president 's ideas were little more than a few items " inadequately addressed in a 2,700 - page bill . "
McConnell repeated GOP calls for Congress to re-start deliberations from scratch .
" If the majority manages to jam this [ bill ] through ... it will be the issue in every single race in America this fall , " he promised .
Obama is set to lay out a political road map for passage of sweeping health care legislation on Wednesday , according to White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs .
Among other things , Obama is expected to advocate for an " up or down vote " in Congress if necessary , Gibbs said Monday .
Multiple Democratic sources have said the emerging consensus plan is for the House of Representatives to pass the Senate bill and send it to Obama .
A package of changes that mirror the president 's plan would then be passed through both chambers under reconciliation rules , which require only 51 votes in the Senate .
Democrats lost their 60 - vote , filibuster - proof Senate majority in January , when GOP Sen .
Scott Brown won the Massachusetts Senate seat previously held by the late Sen .
Ted Kennedy , a Democrat .
Observers note , however , that it remains unclear exactly which health care provisions can be approved under reconciliation , which is reserved for legislation pertaining to the budget .
Republicans have angrily criticized the Democrats ' potential use of reconciliation , arguing that the maneuver was never intended to be used for major policy overhauls along the lines of the health care bill .
Democrats should " think twice " about using reconciliation , New Hampshire GOP Sen .
Judd Gregg warned Tuesday .
Obama 's midweek remarks will also deal with the substance of health care reform , Gibbs said .
White House aides said the president 's speech will largely mirror the nearly $ 1 trillion compromise package he laid out one week ago .
It may , however , be scaled back in some aspects , they said .
CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux contributed to this report .
× Add a Note
Add a note about this bill .
Your note is for you and will not be shared with anyone .
Because you are a member of panel , your positions on legislation and notes below will be shared with the panel administrators .
( More Info )
Serious Business
MR. REID : MY FOCUS IS ON THIS LEGISLATION AND I KNOW THAT THERE'S OTHER THINGS THAT WE HAVE TO DEAL WITH BEFORE WE LEAVE HERE .
BUT I'M NOT CONCERNED ABOUT THOSE AT THIS STAGE .
I WANTTO FINISH THIS LEGISLATION .
AND I WANT TO DO THAT AS QUICKLY AS WE CAN .
AND SO I WOULD ASK THAT WE JUST PROCEED .
...
I WOULD HOPE THAT MY FRIENDS UNDERSTAND THAT IT WOULD BE TO THE BENEFIT I THINK OF MOST EVERYONE IF WE COULD GET OUT OF HERE AT A DECENT HOUR TODAY .
IF IT'S NOT , IF WE'RE
GOING TO KEEP GOING , THAT'S THE WAY IT IS IS , I'M AN OLD MARATHONER AND GETTING OLDER EVERY DAY .
THE PRESIDING OFFICER : THE REPUBLICAN LEADER IS RECOGNIZED .
MR. McCONNELL : I WOULD JUST ADD , THERE'S SOME OBVIOUS
DISADVANTAGES TO THE MINORITY TO BE IN A RECONCILIATION CONTEXT , BUT ONE OF THE ADVANTAGES , WE'VE HAD MORE AMENDMENT VOTES TODAY THAN WE HAD IN THE ENTIRE MONTH OF DECEMBER ON THE PREVIOUS HEALTH CARE BILL , AND SO
THE MAJORITY LEADER MAY NOT THINK WE'RE SERIOUS ABOUT CHANGING THE BILL BUT WE'D LIKE TO
CHANGE THE BILL .
AND WITH A LITTLE HELP FROM OUR FRIENDS ON THE
OTHER SIDE , WE COULD IMPROVE THIS BILL SIGNIFICANTLY .
..
English :
The Voynich manuscript is a mysterious , undeciphered illustrated book .
It is thought to have been written in the 15th or 16th century .
The author , script , and language of the manuscript remain unknown .
Up to 20 million people in Bangladesh are at risk of suffering early deaths because of arsenic poisoning – the legacy of a well - intentioned but ill - planned water project that created a devastating public health catastrophe .
Four decades after an internationally funded move to dig tube wells across the country massively backfired , huge numbers of people still remain at higher risk of contracting cancer and heart disease .
The intellectual development of untold numbers of children is also being held back by the contamination of drinking water .
Poor diet exacerbates the risk .
Bangladesh 's arsenic crisis dates back to the 1970s when , in an effort to improve the quality of drinking water and counter diarrhoea , which was one of the country 's biggest killers of children , there was large - scale international investment in building tube wells .
It was believed the wells would provide safe supplies for families , otherwise dependent on dirty surface water which was killing up to 250,000 children a year .
Yet the move , spearheaded by the UN and the World Bank , was fatally flawed .
Although checks were carried out for certain contaminants in the newly sourced water , it was not tested for arsenic , which occurs naturally in the Ganges and Brahmaputra deltas .
By the early 1990s , when it was found that up to half of 10 million tube wells were contaminated with arsenic , Bangladesh was confronting a huge problem .
The World Health Organisation called it " the largest mass poisoning of a population in history ...
The scale of the environmental disaster is greater than any seen before ; it is beyond the accidents in Bhopal , India , in 1984 , and Chernobyl , Ukraine , in 1986 " .
Some subsequent studies predicted that , ultimately , one person in 10 who drinks water from the arsenical wells would go on to die from lung , bladder or skin cancer .
Even though some of these conditions take decades to develop , by 2004 , about 3,000 people a year were dying from arsenic - related cancers .
Since the 1990s , organisations such as Unicef have led the effort to develop and provide alternative sources of water , such as collecting rainwater and filtering surface water .
Slowly , the percentage of families exposed to contaminated water has fallen .
But a survey conducted by Unicef last year found that 13 per cent of people are still using contaminated water .
" That equates to 20 million people , " says Yan Zheng , a Unicef arsenic specialist based in Dhaka .
" The health impacts vary .
The skin lesions that arsenic causes are well recognised by the villagers .
But the cancer and cardiovascular diseases are still not fully recognised by the villagers and some health professionals . "
Ms Zheng says a recent study showed significantly higher death rates for those exposed to arsenic : " It was as you would expect – the higher the exposure , the higher the risk . " .
Government and UN officials will publish a new report tomorrow calling for urgent action to tackle what remains a huge problem of contamination , both from drinking water and from crops such as rice that are irrigated with contaminated water .
According to the report , being released to coincide with World Water Day , arsenic poses health risks to a significant proportion of the population , though children are particularly vulnerable .
The skin lesions caused by arsenicosis are just the first sign of many possibly fatal health problems .
The lesions still attract widespread social stigma in Bangladesh , with many people until recently believing they were the result of a curse .
" Urgent action is needed to refocus the attention of the nation towards an arsenic - safe environment , " says Renata Lok Dessallien , the UN chief in Bangladesh .
" Concerted efforts by the government and all stakeholders are necessary to reinvigorate arsenic monitoring and mitigation efforts , and to conduct comprehensive research on emerging threats . "
The arsenic contaminating so much of Bangladesh 's water occurs naturally in the water courses of the rivers that sustain hundreds of millions of people .
Many underground sources around the world suffer from arsenic contamination and there have been health issues in countries ranging from Argentina to Taiwan and India .
There is also considerable arsenic contamination in parts of the US .
In Bangladesh , a fierce row continues to rage over the responsibility for the massive contamination .
While aid groups and the UN insist their testing at the time met international standards , others have argued that there should have been a more thorough awareness of the local geology and topography .
Yet more have said that the UN and the World Bank were slow to acknowledge their role in the tragedy .
Dipankar Chakraborti , of the Jadavpur University in West Bengal and a leading expert , says the level of arsenic contamination in Bangladesh is worse than anywhere else globally .
He says the international bodies have never fully acknowledged their role in a crisis that will be played out for years to come .
" It is a major problem , " he says .
" We have found that when we went back to people with skin lesions whom we interviewed 15 years ago , about 30 per cent of them had developed some sort of cancer . "
Last year scientists concluded that arsenic entered the water in tube wells as a result of thousands of ponds that were dug across Bangladesh to provide soil for flood protection .
Disturbing the ground released the organic carbon , which in turn causes arsenic to leach from sediments .
The scientists from MIT in Boston concluded that one solution would be to dig " deeper drinking - water wells , below the influence of the ponds " .
Meanwhile , educating the public about the dangers of arsenic poisoning , and disabusing them of the widespread idea that its effects are the result of a curse , or infectious , is essential .
" Raising awareness among people on the danger of arsenic is essential , " says Bangladesh 's minister of health , Dr A F M Ruhal Haque .
" Health workers can disseminate this message , while the government will continue to invest in screening and treatment of arsenicosis patients in affected districts . "
Britain's toxic beer
Arsenic was a pervasive contaminant in Britain and the US in the 19th century .
It was used in wallpaper , fabric dyes , and even as a colouring in confectionery .
One of the worst instances of man-made arsenical poisoning came in Lancashire in late 1900 .
Large numbers of people in the Manchester and Salford areas displayed symptoms of what was thought to be simple over - indulgence .
But , as the cases mounted , and people began to turn up with blackened skin and other tell - tale signs , arsenic poisoning was suspected .
This was confirmed , and eventually traced to the firm that supplied sugar used in brewing .
Prominent Muslims fear Obama is preparing to step up efforts to help San'a fight al - Qaida by launching military intervention
A group of prominent Muslim clerics in Yemen warned today that they will call for jihad – holy war – if the US sends troops to fight al - Qaida in Yemen .
The group of 15 clergymen includes the highly influential Sheikh Abdul - Majid al - Zindani , whom the US has branded a spiritual mentor of Osama bin Laden but who is also courted by the Yemeni government .
The clerics ' warning goes straight to the Yemeni government 's dilemma in co-operating with Washington against an al - Qaida offshoot .
In doing so , Yemen 's weak regime must avoid upsetting al - Zindani and other radical Islamic figures whose support it needs to stay in power .
" If any foreign country insists on aggression and the invasion of the country or interference , in a military or security way , Muslim sons are duty bound to carry out jihad and fight the aggressors , " the clerics said in a statement .
Barack Obama has said he does not plan to send US combat troops to Yemen , though Washington is increasing counterterrorism aid and training to Yemeni forces to fight al - Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula .
Concern about the growing capabilities of Yemen 's al - Qaida offshoot increased after the failed attempt to bomb a US airliner shortly before it landed in Detroit on Christmas Day .
US investigators say the Nigerian suspect in the failed attack told them he received training and instructions from al - Qaida in Yemen .
The group of clerics also said they believed an international conference on Yemen to be held on 27 January in London was intended to clear the way for the country 's occupation by foreign nations .
The conference is to be attended by the US and European countries .
There 's no question that health care reform ( yes , a euphemism ) is the topic of the day .
But just so you do n't forget that the government can juggle all sorts of monumental screwups at the same time , here 's a nice story brought to you courtesy of the EPA :
On April 22 , the Environmental Protection Agency is slated to enact rules requiring EPA certification for contractors working 0n homes built before lead paint was banned in 1978 .
The rule , aimed at limiting exposure to lead , applies to carpenters , plumbers , heating and air conditioning workers , window installers and others .
Two - thirds of U.S. homes and apartments ( 78 million out of 120 million ) were built before 1978 , says Calli Schmidt of the National Association of Home Builders ( NAHB ) , citing Census Bureau data .
She says half of the pre-1978 homes do n't contain lead but the rule , depending on implementation , might apply to all of them .
USA Today notes one obvious problem with this rule : " The EPA has certified only 14,000 workers in lead - safe practices despite its own estimate that more than 200,000 will need to be trained , according to the NAHB [ National Association of Home Builders ] . "
There are others , of course , starting with the idea of making work more difficult and expensive ( great idea during a recession ) and the fact that lead exposure rates among children , the most vulnerable group at risk for exposure , have been dropping like a lead balloon independent of this sort of thing .
But as fans of Star Wars could tell you , a phantom menace is sometimes better than the real thing .
Middle East Quartet call on Israel to freeze settlements on second day of rocket attacks from Gaza
Two Palestinians have been wounded as rockets continue to slam into southern Israel , the day after a farm worker was hit and killed by a strike from Gaza .
Overnight , Israeli jets hit six targets inside Gaza used for the smuggling and production of weapons .
As violence escalated on the ground , in Moscow , the Middle East Quartet of nations condemned the Palestinian rocket attacks and called on Israel to freeze all construction in the West Bank and East Jerusalem to help re-start stalled peace talks .
Blast : A Palestinian inspects a damaged tunnel following Israeli air strike in the southern Gaza Strip town of Rafah
Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair watches as U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton speaks at the Quartet press conference in Moscow today
A rocket fired across the border from Gaza landed in open fields around 12 pm on Friday , the fifth rocket fired in a 48 - hour period .
A sixth rocket apparently exploded inside the Hamas - controlled area as it was being launched .
In the early hours of Friday morning , Israeli jets struck at six sites in the Gaza Strip that the Israeli army said were used by Palestinians to smuggle , manufacture and deploy weapons against Israel .
Two Palestinians were slightly injured .
The targets included three smuggling tunnels underneath the Gaza - Egypt border , a weapons manufacturing workshop near Gaza City and two ‘ terror tunnels ’ underneath the northern Gaza border leading into Israel .
Israeli airplanes attacked targets in the Gaza Strip early Friday in response to a Palestinian rocket attack that killed a foreign worker
‘ The two terror tunnels were dug one kilometer from the security fence , for the purpose of infiltrating Israel and executing terror attacks against Israeli civilians or IDF soldiers , ’ an Israeli army spokesman said .
More than 330 rockets have been fired at Israel from Gaza in the past year , including the one on Thursday that hit and killed a farm labourer from Thailand working in greenhouses in northern Netiv Ha’asara .
Matan Vilnai , Israel ’s deputy defence minister , said : ‘ Israel is not interested in a military confrontation , but will not allow attacks on its citizens .
‘ Hamas must prevent any and all attacks on Israel to avoid a deterioration of the situation . ’
In Moscow , UN Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon led a meeting of the Middle East Quartet – the UN , EU , U.S. and Russia – ahead of his first visit to the region on Saturday .
The Quartet denounced both Palestinian rocket fire and Israeli settlement expansion , including plans for new Israeli homes in East Jerusalem that prompted Palestinians to withdraw from indirect peace talks scheduled to begin this week .
‘ The proximity talks are an important step toward the resumption , without pre-conditions , of direct , bilateral negotiations , ’ the Quartet said in a statement , saying it expected a peace deal within 24 months .
As violence once again took hold around Gaza , that seemed an optimistic forecast .
The group also declared its strong support for its representative in Jerusalem , former Tony Blair , who is trying to gather international support for a two - year state - building blueprint drafted by the moderate Palestinian Authority government of Prime Minister Salam Fayyad .
Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat urged the Quartet to monitor Israeli settlement activity .
‘ The Israelis have the choice now , either to continue with settlement activities or to engage with the peace process , ’ Erekat said .
‘ I do n't think we can have a meaningful peace process without Israel stopping all settlement activities . ’
Should Greenspan and Bernanke have seen the bubble in housing and other assets and acted , or should we accept their defense that you can't know whether there is a bubble until after the fact ?
We will look at research that suggests they should have known , and , at the least , policy makers should no longer be allowed to say , " How could I have known ? "
Of course , the employment numbers came out this morning , and the results are mixed ; but that is better than they have been for the past two years .
We dig into the numbers to see what they are really saying .
And finally , we examine why the markets are so volatile .
Is it just Greece , or is there more ?
There 's a lot of very interesting , and important , material to cover .
But first , and quickly , as I wrote in Outside the Box a few weeks ago , I am starting to very selectively buy biotech stocks , and mostly , though not exclusively , companies associated with the regenerative genetic revolution that is coming our way .
I am convinced that this is going to be a decade of the most amazing medical breakthroughs , which will literally change ( and in many cases extend ) our lives , as therapies to treat all sorts of diseases become available .
This is the last time I am going to mention it , but here is the link to that OTB , which analyzes why we may see a bubble in biotech stocks before the end of the decade .
The OTB was written by my friend Pat Cox , who covers these stocks and other technological marvels in his newsletter , Breakthrough Technology Alert .
I have been following Pat for some time now , have talked extensively with him , and think he is one of those guys who have a handle on what by all accounts is going to be an amazing decade of breakthroughs .
I have asked his publisher to offer my readers a very discounted subscription price for one more week .
( Ignore the deadline of February 5 . )
And yes , the promotional piece is a little over the top , as it is for most subscription newsletters ( I am lucky mine is free - I do n't have to do that ) .
But I think his letter has a lot of substance .
The link to the site is in the Outside the Box .
Do n't procrastinate .
Join me , because for once in my life , dear God , I want to be in at the beginning of a bubble .
And now to our letter .
Unemployment Numbers : A Mixed Bag
January employment numbers are characteristically volatile , as the birth / death ratio numbers are typically the largest of the year .
This month the birth / death model subtracted ( rather than added ) 427,000 jobs ( yes , I wrote that correctly ) .
This is a very large " adjustment " month , and the volatility gets smoothed over in the seasonal adjustments .
It is part and parcel of the process , as making estimates about how many new businesses are formed or die is extraordinarily difficult at turning points in the economy .
As an acknowledgment of that , the employment level for March 2009 was revised down by 930,000 jobs , and by December it was a total of almost 1.4 million extra jobs lost .
That means that the Bureau of Labor Statistics overestimated the number of new jobs significantly .
December 's job loss was really 150,000 , not the 85,000 originally reported .
How would the markets have reacted to a number that large ?
January saw a slightly larger than estimated loss of 22,000 jobs , which would have been 53,000 without new federal employees , 9,000 of whom were hired to perform the census .
( By the way , federal employment is absolutely exploding ! )
Now , the somewhat good news .
I have been writing about how the household survey has been much weaker for almost two years than the establishment survey .
For instance , the total number of unemployed rose by 589,000 in December , while the number of people not classified as looking for work rose by 843,000 .
No matter how you spin it , those were very ugly numbers .
This month the household survey showed the largest one - month turnaround that I could find .
As The Liscio Report noted :
" Adjusting for the changes in the population controls , total household employment rose by 784,000 - and when further adjusted to match the payroll concept , employment was up 841,000 .
Moves of this magnitude ( regardless of sign ) are unusual , but not unknown - and frequently undone in subsequent months .
The less volatile ratios were also up , with the participation rate up 0.1 point , and the employment / population ratio rose a nice 0.2 point , its first increase since last April .
While it 's too early to say whether this strength in the household survey is a harbinger of an upturn that will soon show up in payrolls , it 's something to be filed under ' tentatively encouraging . ' "
The work - week hours rose slightly .
Income growth was better than it has been .
Temporary workers rose , which is typically a harbinger of an increase in full - time employment .
The number of people working part - time for economic reasons plummeted by 849,000 .
And finally , the unemployment rate fell 0.3 % to 9.7 % .
This of course means that more people are dropping out of the labor pool , and it also means they will at some point come back .
On the negative side , a loss of 22,000 jobs is nowhere close to the 100,000 new jobs that are needed just to hold unemployment steady .
41 % of those unemployed have been so for over 6 months .
And quoting David Rosenberg :
" While there will be many economists touting today 's report as some inflection point , and it could well be argued that we are entering some sort of healing phase in the jobs market just by mere virtue of inertia , the reality is that the level of employment today , at 129.5 million , is the exact same level it was in 1999 .
And , during this 11 - year span of Japanese - like labour market stagnation , the working - age population has risen 29 million .
Contemplate that for a moment ; fully 29 million people competing for the same number of jobs that existed more than a decade ago .
That sounds like pretty deflationary stuff from our standpoint .
" Not only that , but consideration must be taken that in 2009 , we had a zero policy rate , a $ 2.2 trillion Fed balance sheet and an epic 10 % deficit - to - GDP ratio .
You could not have asked for more government stimulus .
Yet employment tumbled nearly 5 million in 2009 . "
Finally , a very sad chart , courtesy of David .
Those in the 25 - 54 year - old male category have seen their total number of jobs fall back to the level it was in 1996 .
Fourteen years later , and the " breadwinners " who are supposedly in their prime have seen an almost 10 % drop in employment .
As noted above , January employment numbers are very volatile , and are likely to be adjusted either up or down by a lot in coming months .
But this report was not the disaster of December .
It still shows a very weak economy that certainly does not need a large tax hike next year .
I hope we start seeing some positive numbers soon , but I am not optimistic that we are going to see the 200,000 - plus new jobs per month we need to really start denting the unemployment numbers , for some time .
Not when the National Federation of Independent Business says 71 % of small businesses do not plan to hire this year .
The Fed is taking away quantitative easing .
Stimulus spending is exiting in the last half of the year .
States and communities are having to either raise taxes or cut spending by $ 350 billion !
I heard on the radio coming back from the gym ( I think it was my friend Steve Liesman on CNBC ) that there are now 55,000 fewer teachers than a few years ago .
And again from the NFIB , small businesses see very tight credit conditions , which makes it hard for them to expand ( see chart below ) .
The headlines this week from the Fed banking survey said that banks were prone to be less tight , but the NFIB writers went deep into the report .
What they found is that very large banks are willing to be less tight in their lending standards .
Smaller banks were in fact not as easy .
Loan demand is falling .
Consumer credit actually declined slightly in December , after plunging in November .
If you can't count on Americans to buy during Christmas , the world is in fact moving to the New Frugal .
All this is not the stuff that robust recoveries are made of .
We drift back into Muddle Through the last half of the year , I think .
And if Congress does not act to postpone or mitigate the enormous tax increases due in 2011 , we slip back into recession .
It will be a policy error of major magnitude to raise taxes with 10 % unemployment and a weak economy .
A Bubble in Search of a Pin
We are going to once again return to the book highlighted the last few weeks , This Time Is Different , by Carmen M. Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff .
This is a book you should buy and read , especially the last 4 - 5 chapters , and try to get your Congressman to read it as well , so he or she can see what happens to countries that run up their debt .
It makes no difference if it is small or large , the end result is the same .
Last week we looked at the role of confidence in allowing governments to borrow money .
This week we ask whether Greenspan and Bernanke , along with the entire Fed , should have been able to determine whether a bubble was building in the US economy and lean against it , preventing the debacle we are now in .
Reinhart and Rogoff gently come down on the side of those who think they should have , and that we need to implement changes in our institutions .
Others , as we will see , are not so gentle .
Let 's look at a few selected paragraphs I pulled off my Kindle ( all emphasis mine ) .
" As we will show , the outsized U.S. borrowing from abroad that occurred prior to the crisis ( manifested in a sequence of gaping current account and trade balance deficits ) was hardly the only warning signal .
In fact , the U.S. economy , at the epicenter of the crisis , showed many other signs of being on the brink of a deep financial crisis .
Other measures such as asset price inflation , most notably in the real estate sector , rising household leverage , and the slowing output - standard leading indicators of financial crises - all revealed worrisome symptoms .
Indeed , from a purely quantitative perspective , the run-up to the U.S. financial crisis showed all the signs of an accident waiting to happen .
Of course , the United States was hardly alone in showing classic warning signs of a financial crisis , with Great Britain , Spain , and Ireland , among other countries , experiencing many of the same symptoms .
" ...
On the one hand , the Federal Reserve 's logic for ignoring housing prices was grounded in the perfectly sensible proposition that the private sector can judge equilibrium housing prices ( or equity prices ) at least as well as any government bureaucrat .
On the other hand , it might have paid more attention to the fact that the rise in asset prices was being fueled by a relentless increase in the ratio of household debt to GDP , against a backdrop of record lows in the personal saving rate .
This ratio , which had been roughly stable at close to 80 percent of personal income until 1993 , had risen to 120 percent in 2003 and to nearly 130 percent by mid-2006 .
Empirical work by Bordo and Jeanne and the Bank for International Settlements suggested that when housing booms are accompanied by sharp rises in debt , the risk of a crisis is significantly elevated .
Although this work was not necessarily definitive , it certainly raised questions about the Federal Reserve 's policy of benign neglect .
" The U.S. conceit that its financial and regulatory system could withstand massive capital inflows on a sustained basis without any problems arguably laid the foundations for the global financial crisis of the late 2000s .
The thinking that " this time is different " - because this time the U.S. had a superior system - once again proved false .
Outsized financial market returns were in fact greatly exaggerated by capital inflows , just as would be the case in emerging markets .
What could in retrospect be recognized as huge regulatory mistakes , including the deregulation of the subprime mortgage market and the 2004 decision of the Securities and Exchange Commission to allow investment banks to triple their leverage ratios ( that is , the ratio measuring the amount of risk to capital ) , appeared benign at the time .
Capital inflows pushed up borrowing and asset prices while reducing spreads on all sorts of risky assets , leading the International Monetary Fund to conclude in April 2007 , in its twice - annual World Economic Outlook , that risks to the global economy had become extremely low and that , for the moment , there were no great worries .
When the international agency charged with being the global watchdog declares that there are no risks , there is no surer sign that this time is different .
[ By that they mean that the attitude of the market in general and central bankers in particular was that " this time is different " and so we did not need to worry about the warning signs .
The entire point of the book is that it is never different .
We just somehow believe we are in a special situation . ]
" ... We have focused on macroeconomic issues , but many problems were hidden in the ' plumbing ' of the financial markets , as has become painfully evident since the beginning of the crisis .
Some of these problems might have taken years to address .
Above all , the huge run-up in housing prices - over 100 percent nationally over five years - should have been an alarm , especially fueled as it was by rising leverage .
At the beginning of 2008 , the total value of mortgages in the United States was approximately 90 percent of GDP .
Policy makers should have decided several years prior to the crisis to deliberately take some steam out of the system .
Unfortunately , efforts to maintain growth and prevent significant sharp stock market declines had the effect of taking the safety valve off the pressure cooker .
" ... The signals approach ( or most alternative methods ) will not pinpoint the exact date on which a bubble will burst or provide an obvious indication of the severity of the looming crisis .
What this systematic exercise can deliver is valuable information as to whether an economy is showing one or more of the classic symptoms that emerge before a severe financial illness develops .
The most significant hurdle in establishing an effective and credible early warning system , however , is not the design of a systematic framework that is capable of producing relatively reliable signals of distress from the various indicators in a timely manner .
The greatest barrier to success is the well - entrenched tendency of policy makers and market participants to treat the signals as irrelevant archaic residuals of an outdated framework , assuming that old rules of valuation no longer apply .
If the past we have studied in this book is any guide , these signals will be dismissed more often that not .
That is why we also need to think about improving institutions .
" ... Second , policy makers must recognize that banking crises tend to be protracted affairs .
Some crisis episodes ( such as those of Japan in 1992 and Spain in 1977 ) were stretched out even longer by the authorities by a lengthy period of denial . "
The evidence is there .
So why did the Fed miss it ?
A more pointed critique is leveled at the Fed and Greenspan , and at Bernanke in particular , by Andrew Smithers in his powerful book ( now updated ) Wall Street Revalued : Imperfect Markets and Inept Central Bankers .
The foreword is by one of my favorite analysts , Jeremy Grantham .
This is on the top of my reading list for the coming week .
I am loving the first part , which ties nicely into the themes explored by Reinhart and Rogoff .
The book is a withering critique of the Efficient Market Hypothesis ( EMH ) , among other economic theories .
Smithers argues that because the tenets of EMH are so ingrained , Greenspan and Bernanke could not recognize the bubble , because they believed in the efficiency of markets .
" Dismissing financial crisis on the grounds that bubbles and busts cannot take place because that would imply irrationality is to ignore a condition for the sake of theory . "
Which they did .
As Grantham wrote in the foreword : " My own favorite illustration of their views was Bernanke 's comment in late 2006 at the height of a 3 - sigma ( 100 - year ) event in a US housing market that had no prior housing bubbles : ' The US housing market merely reflects a strong US economy . "
He was surrounded by statisticians and yet could not see the data ...
His profound faith in market efficiency , and therefore a world where bubbles could not exist , made it impossible for him to see what was in front of his own eyes . "
Reinhart and Rogoff show time and time again that bubbles always end in tears .
Markets and investors are in fact irrational .
What kind of Fed governor would it have taken to suggest that housing was in a bubble and we were going to have to take steps to slow it down - raising rates , analyzing securitization and ratings ?
It would have taken one tough hombre .
In fact , we had Greenspan , who encouraged the unchecked expansion of the securitized derivatives market .
And a Congress that would not allow proper supervision of Fannie and Freddie ( which is going to cost US taxpayers on the order of $ 400 billion ) .
The list is long .
And Speaking of Bubbles
This week the turmoil that is Greece continues .
One of my favorite quotes comes from Donald Morris , writing in June of 1993 ( hat tip to Dennis Gartman ) :
" If all of the Greek islands were merged with the mainland , it would be about the size of Alabama ; there are 10 million Greeks - and perhaps another 4 million living throughout the world , who still think of themselves as Greek .
They are , thanks to their history , magnificent patriots and nationalists - and abominable citizens , who deeply mistrust every government they 've ever had .
Essentially they are fierce individualists , who mistrust not so much whatever government happens to be in power as the very idea of government .
The have almost no sense of civic responsibility - Pericles complained about this at length - and History has never given them much of a chance to work out a stable system of government .
Democracy , yes ( the Greeks invented it !! ) , but stability , no . "
Have things changed ?
From here it does not seem so .
Greece apparently hid about 40 billion euros of debt from the public and EU governing bodies .
( If the government can hide that much , is it any wonder that individual Greeks themselves can hide their income and pay so little in actual taxes ?
They have made it an art form ! )
In response to just the initial phase of belt tightening , unions are launching strikes and protests .
What will happen when it gets serious ?
Stratfor estimates that Greek deficits may actually run as high as 15 % of GDP rather than " just " the 10 % or so publicly revealed .
That will require far more than a little belt tightening .
Let 's look at the record .
Greece has been in default for 105 years out of the last 200 .
They have never had a balanced budget , at least not willingly .
The EU is backed into a corner .
They have this treaty that says governments will act in certain ways .
Greece is flaunting that treaty .
Everyone acts as if Greece defaulting on its debt would be the end of the EU .
Will the EU force Greece to withdraw if they do not control their budget ?
Upon reflection , I am not so sure .
Let 's take that proposition to the US .
What if Illinois defaulted on its debt ?
Would we kick them out of the Union ?
Hardly .
A default would mean a severe loss of credit , a forced retrenching , and a severe economic crisis in Illinois .
The losses would be serious for banks and investors .
There would be negotiations on how to deal with the debt , who gets a haircut on their bonds , what pension assets and expenses would be cut , and so on .
A crisis ?
Yes .
End of the world ?
No .
So what if Greece does default ?
The banks and those who lent them the money would take a loss of some amount .
The cost of borrowing for Greece would rise dramatically , if they could even get into the debt market .
If they actually cut their budgets enough to deal with the deficit in a responsible way , it would mean , at best , a severe and prolonged recession .
If Stratfor is right about deficits reaching 15 % of GDP , it could mean a depression .
They have no good choices .
It is doubtful that German and French voters will be happy with any bailout using their tax money that does not impose serious cuts in Greek budgets , with realistic controls as a condition for the bailout .
Can Greece live with that ?
We 'll see .
( I am sure I have hundreds of Greek readers .
I would love to hear from you as to your views , from the inside . )
But is it so unthinkable that Greece could simply default and then be forced by the market to get realistic about its deficits ?
The same market forces that work in Illinois can work in Greece .
But if the EU does bail out Greece , what then of Ireland , which is making the tough choices ?
Will Portugal be next ?
If Greece is allowed to fail , or better , actually shows some fiscal discipline , that bodes well for the EU in the long run .
It will be a lesson that each nation is responsible to maintain its own house .
The data presented by Reinhart and Rogoff show clearly that adding yet more suffocating debt to a bloated debt crisis is not the solution .
It simply puts off the inevitable .
Greece is an intractable problem .
From here it looks like default or a very serious recession , with large unemployment numbers .
But in the meantime the Greek situation is adding volatility to risk markets of all types .
I have written before of the connection between what is called the euro - yen cross and risk markets all over the world .
Right now , you can borrow money very cheaply in dollars and yen ( the so - called carry trade ) .
When investors want to reduce risk , they pay back those loans , which has the result of increasing the value of the dollar and the yen .
That is what is happening with the euro - yen cross as of this morning .
It is in the process of falling out of bed .
And so are risk markets .
Markets do not like uncertainty .
And Greece and Portugal and Spain are uncertainty in spades .
If Greece defaults , who owns the debt ?
Which banks ?
My bank ?
Will they call my loan ?
This happened in 2008 a lot !
Can it happen again ?
We still have banks all over the world that are too big too fail .
Credit default swaps are not on an exchange ( because to do that would make them less profitable for the investment banks that sell them , and thus the lobbyists have convinced Congress to ignore them ) .
Are we at the place where we can think the unthinkable ?
That sovereign nations can in fact default ?
I think we see a de facto default by Japan this decade .
Do not assume that we have weathered the storm .
We may just be getting ready for the next one .
Help in Europe , California , and Tampa , and Becoming our Parents
Tiffani wanted me to ask some of you for help with our vacation .
I am taking all seven kids , four spouses , and three grandkids to France and then to Italy in June .
We could use some suggestions , especially for how to accommodate 14 people .
We will spend most of the time in Italy , after stopping at Bill Bonner 's French chateau for a few days .
I am checking out the International Living website for ideas .
I really enjoy each issue , as I dream about having a retreat in some less hectic locale .
You should check it out if you have that dream as well .
It is inexpensive inspiration .
Tomorrow Tiffani , Ryan , and I head for a last - minute important meeting in LA .
This will be interesting , as we are taking 2 - month - old granddaughter Lively and the nanny as well .
" Dad , I am just not prepared to leave my baby yet .
I have to have more notice to get used to the idea . "
The bonus is that I get to have dinner with Rob and Marina Arnott on Sunday before we head back Monday morning .
And then next week is the NBA All - Star Game , which most of my kids will be attending with me .
What a fun day !
And the following weekend I am off to meet with Jeff Saut , the chief investment officer of Raymond James .
But we may slip in a little fun on his boat in the bay in Tampa .
It 's going to be a good , good month .
It seems that more than a few times lately that Tiffani has turned to me and said , " Dad , do n't you remember telling me that just a few days ago ? "
It is almost a running joke .
Then as I was drifting off the other night , I remembered telling my Dad the same thing - only when he was a lot older than I am now !
I am becoming my Dad. Sigh .
And I would give a great deal to still be able to chide him on his failing memory .
Have a great week !
Your going to eat Greek food this weekend ( but no ouzo ) analyst ,
John Mauldin
John@FrontLineThoughts.com
Copyright 2010 John Mauldin .
All Rights Reserved
Note :
The generic Accredited Investor E-letters are not an offering for any investment .
It represents only the opinions of John Mauldin and Millennium Wave Investments .
It is intended solely for accredited investors who have registered with Millennium Wave Investments and Altegris Investments at www.accreditedinvestor.ws or directly related websites and have been so registered for no less than 30 days .
The Accredited Investor E- Letter is provided on a confidential basis , and subscribers to the Accredited Investor E- Letter are not to send this letter to anyone other than their professional investment counselors .
Investors should discuss any investment with their personal investment counsel .
John Mauldin is the President of Millennium Wave Advisors , LLC ( MWA ) , which is an investment advisory firm registered with multiple states .
John Mauldin is a registered representative of Millennium Wave Securities , LLC , ( MWS ) , an FINRA registered broker - dealer .
MWS is also a Commodity Pool Operator ( CPO ) and a Commodity Trading Advisor ( CTA ) registered with the CFTC , as well as an Introducing Broker ( IB ) .
Millennium Wave Investments is a dba of MWA LLC and MWS LLC .
Millennium Wave Investments cooperates in the consulting on and marketing of private investment offerings with other independent firms such as Altegris Investments ; Absolute Return Partners , LLP ; Fynn Capital ; Nicola Wealth Management ; and Plexus Asset Management .
Funds recommended by Mauldin may pay a portion of their fees to these independent firms , who will share 1/3 of those fees with MWS and thus with Mauldin .
Any views expressed herein are provided for information purposes only and should not be construed in any way as an offer , an endorsement , or inducement to invest with any CTA , fund , or program mentioned here or elsewhere .
Before seeking any advisor 's services or making an investment in a fund , investors must read and examine thoroughly the respective disclosure document or offering memorandum .
Since these firms and Mauldin receive fees from the funds they recommend / market , they only recommend / market products with which they have been able to negotiate fee arrangements .
Send to a Friend | Print Article | View as PDF | Permissions / Reprints
You have permission to publish this article electronically or in print as long as the following is included :
John Mauldin , Best - Selling author and recognized financial expert , is also editor of the free Thoughts From the Frontline that goes to over 1 million readers each week .
For more information on John or his FREE weekly economic letter go to : http://www.frontlinethoughts.com/learnmore
To subscribe to John Mauldin 's E - Letter please click here :
http://www.frontlinethoughts.com/subscribe.asp
To change your email address please click here :
http://www.frontlinethoughts.com/change.asp
If you would ALSO like changes applied to the Accredited Investor E- Letter , please include your old and new email address along with a note requesting the change for both e-letters and send your request to wave@frontlinethoughts.com
IndustryGamers reports that , according to one analyst , EA are looking to get 2 million subscribers when Star Wars : The Old Republic releases next year :
Between major successes like Dragon Age and Mass Effect 2 , BioWare has quickly become one of the most important studios throughout all of Electronic Arts since the publisher acquired the RPG specialists .
EA has already indicated that the upcoming Star Wars : The Old Republic MMO is the “ largest ever development project , period , in the history of the company , ” and it ’s quite clear that expectations for this title are huge .
Sterne Agee analyst Arvind Bhatia recently came away from a meeting with EA and reported that although “ earnings are somewhat depressed due to ongoing expenses of the Star Wars MMO , management has high hopes for this and believes 2 M + subs is possible . ”
He added that a little over 1 million subscribers is needed to reach the break - even point , but the ultimate goal is to get several million subscribers .
mAJORD said : ↑
Hard Drive :
image
To get an idea of the size , here 's a modern Seagate next to it
image
Click to expand ...
That is a Westrn Digital drive in your pic not a seagate ​
Immigrant rights groups on Monday demanded that President Obama impose a full moratorium on deportations of illegal immigrants , arguing that his policies have been worse for their cause than those of his Republican predecessor .
Saying they ’ve been “ betrayed ” by and lost patience with Mr. Obama , the advocates suggested that the president could regain their support by leading a fight on Capitol Hill for a bill to legalize illegal immigrants .
Mr. Obama took the first step toward legalization during a meeting Monday at the White House with two lawmakers working on a bill .
But a bill could take months to pass .
In the meantime , the immigrant rights groups say , Mr. Obama must end deportations altogether .
“ We demand an immediate stop to all deportations , because each one of these deportations , each one of these numbers , equals a life destroyed and a family devastated , ” Angelica Sala , executive director of the Coalition for Human Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles , said at a news conference in Washington .
The government reported 387,790 deportations in fiscal 2009 , which spanned the last few months of the George W. Bush administration and more than eight months of the Obama administration .
That marked a small increase over fiscal 2008 , when deportations totaled 369,221 .
The Obama administration insists that its enforcement policies target unscrupulous employers and stop abusive practices that target illegal immigrants .
“ This administration is focused on smart , effective immigration enforcement that focuses first on those dangerous criminal aliens who present the greatest risk to the security of our communities , not sweeps or raids to target undocumented immigrants indiscriminately , ” said Homeland Security Department spokesman Matt Chandler .
Legalization versus enforcement has driven tense debate for years .
After his immigration proposal died in the Senate in 2007 , Mr. Bush stepped up enforcement and deportations .
He said Americans would not accept legalization because they did not trust the government to enforce the laws .
Last year , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said enforcement was sufficient and that the focus should turn back to legalization .
Immigrant rights advocates are planning a major march on Washington on March 21 to pressure Congress to pass a legalization bill .
“ It is showdown time , ” said Emma Lozano , executive director of Centro Sin Fronteras ( Center Without Borders ) , a Chicago - based rights group .
Several participants said they are raising money to transport people to the march from across the country .
One woman said children from Chicago churches are performing in the streets to raise money for some of the thousands of buses that organizers there are planning .
It ’s unclear whether Congress is ready for another battle on the politically volatile immigration issue .
The 2007 effort failed when a majority of senators joined a filibuster to block a legalization bill .
Immigrant rights groups were furious when Mr. Obama dedicated just a few seconds of his State of the Union address in late January to the issue .
The White House insists that it is taking action behind the scenes , including Mr. Obama ’s meeting Monday with Sens. Charles E. Schumer , New York Democrat , and Lindsey Graham , South Carolina Republican , who are working on a bipartisan immigration bill .
Ahead of the meeting , White House spokesman Nick Shapiro reiterated Mr. Obama ’s principles : “ He believes we must resolve the status of the 12 million people who are here illegally , that they should have to register , pay a penalty for breaking the law and meet other obligations of legal immigrants , such as learning English and paying taxes , or leave the country . ”
The news conference Monday highlighted a split on the issue of immigration enforcement .
The immigrant rights groups said they had thought Mr. Obama would reduce , not increase , enforcement .
They warned Democrats that Hispanic and immigrant voters , who supported Mr. Obama and other Democrats by wide margins in the 2008 elections , might search for new champions .
Many of the biggest immigration rights coalitions were absent from the news conference , signaling that they are focusing their efforts on legislation rather than publicly criticizing the administration .
Ms. Napolitano told Congress in recent weeks that her department had racked up “ massive amounts ” of audits of businesses and that U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) had set a record for deportations .
“ We have deported more criminal aliens this year than ever before .
We have removed more aliens from this country than ever before .
Our numbers at ICE are unbelievable , ” she told a Senate hearing Feb. 24 .
Homeland Security officials say they have curtailed , though not ended , raids on businesses , but have tried to force employers to let illegal immigrants go .
They also have restructured agreements that allow state and local police to enforce immigration laws .
Immigrant rights advocates said they knew Mr. Obama would want to prove that he can enforce immigration laws before embarking on a major reform but expected a stronger push for an immigration bill in Congress .
“ The Obama administration intentionally set out to show he was tougher than Bush , ” said Brent Wilkes , executive director of the League of United Latin American Citizens .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Korea tensions over claims that warship was sunk by torpedo
A South Korean navy ship was sunk yesterday in what was feared to have been a torpedo attack by a North Korean submarine .
Several of the 104 crew were killed and others were missing last night .
The drama , close to the disputed sea border between the two Koreas , raised concern that growing tensions between them could escalate into conflict .
Torpedo strike : A South Korean naval coast defence ship patrols the country 's northern coast ( file picture )
North Korea had earlier threatened ' unprecedented strikes ' , including nuclear attacks , against its neighbour and the U.S. , claiming they were planning to topple the regime of Kim Jong -il .
Relations between the two have also come under strain recently with disputes over cross - border tourism and a joint economic zone .
There are fears in the South that the North is becoming increasingly erratic and dangerous .
As ships and helicopters searched the scene of the sinking for survivors last night , South Korean President Lee Myung - bak convened an emergency meeting of security ministers in Seoul .
The incident happened in the Yellow Sea near Baeknyeong Island , the westernmost point of South Korea and a key military post .
The South Korean ship , the 1,200 - ton corvette Cheonan , was on a routine patrol when it was hit by an explosion close to its stern .
There were reports that it had earlier fired warning shots at an object to the north .
But South Korean officials played down the initial reports of military action , saying they had no evidence of North Korean forces in the area .
They said the Cheonan could have fired its warning shots at a distant flock of birds which had produced an image on its radar .
Senior government officials later told South Korean media the ship could have struck a rock or been hit by an explosion on board .
Six naval ships and two coastguard vessels rushed to the scene and the defence ministry said later that 58 of the corvette 's crew had been rescued .
Two had to be airlifted for emergency medical treatment .
North Korea warned recently that it was increasing its defences in response to joint South Korean - US military exercises earlier this month .
It had declared four naval firing zones near the sea border , deploying multiple rocket launchers .
Two of the zones are in the Yellow Sea .
Action : South Korean President Lee Myung - bak , centre , talks with officials today after the sinking of one of the country 's naval ships
North Korea has never recognised the sea border drawn unilaterally by the U.S. - led United Nations Command at the end of the 1950 - 53 Korean War .
The Yellow Sea was the scene of naval battles in 1999 - when 17 North Korean sailors died - and 2002 when four South Korean sailors and at least 30 North Koreans died .
Last November the two navies fought a brief gun battle that left one North Korean sailor dead and three others wounded .
A North Korean ship was left in flames .
In January North Korea fired artillery into the disputed zones at a time of mounting international pressure to re-start talks over its nuclear ambitions .
Some analysts say the firing zones - and recent escalation of military activity - may be a way of strengthening its hand in any talks .
In 2002 , the then U.S. President George Bush named North Korea in an ' axis of evil ' alongside Iraq and Iran .
But the Pyongyang regime was defiant and the following year claimed it had enough plutonium for nuclear bombs .
In 2006 North Korea test - fired a long - range missile and last year claimed it had carried out an underground nuclear test , prompting protests from the U.S. , Russia and China .
North Korean leader Kim Jong - il visits the Daeheungsan Machinery Factory in North Korea yesterday
KOREA , HALF A CENTURY OF CONFLICT
At the end of the Second World War , Korea was a united country under Japanese occupation .
But after Japan 's defeat , the island was effectively split with Soviet troops occupying the north and American forces in the south .
The stage was set for a long - running and bitter confrontation between the capitalist west and the communist forces of Russia .
In 1948 , leaders in the north proclaimed the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea and the Soviets withdrew .
Two years later , the south declared independence .
North Korea invaded .
The ensuing war lasted three years , left two million dead and laid waste to the country 's economy and infrastructure .
Hostilities finally ceased when the two sides agreed to a three - mile buffer zone between the two states .
But despite the ceasefire , sporadic hostilities continued , the two tiny countries fighting a bitter offshoot of the Cold War in a remote and neglected corner of the world .
The south - propped up by the Americans - thrived .
However , the north has had a far rockier history .
Originally ruled by Kim Il - song , the country 's supreme leader is now his son Kim Jong -il .
Whereas his father had abided by the terms of the 1953 ceasefire , his successor reneged .
In 1996 , against a backdrop of devastating famine , Kim Jong - il announced he was sending troops into the demilitarised zone
In 2002 , George W Bush named North Korea as part of an ' axis of evil ' alongside other ' rogue ' states such as Iraq and Iran .
But Kim Jong - il was not deterred .
Instead , Pyongyang made regular announcements on its arsenal and in July 2003 claimed it had enough plutonium to start making nuclear bombs .
In 2006 , North Korea test - fired a long - range missile .
Relations with the West deteriorated again last year when neighbours accused the country of carrying out another long - range missile test .
Pyongyang , however , claimed the rocket under scrutiny was carrying a communications satellite .
Later last year , the country admitted it had carried out its second underground nuclear test , prompting protest from the US , China and Russia .
And while the nuclear brinkmanship continued , there were regular spats with South Korea over border incursions and hostile intent .
The sea boundary has been the cause of particular tension in the last few months .
South Korea claims the north has designated four areas as military firing zone and deployed four rocket launchers close to the sea in response .
Although South Korea still recognises the Northern Limit Line , which was drawn up in 1953 , the north has never accepted the boundary .
Professional Spy Equipment - Discount Prices
Thank you for visiting our online spy shop !
EyeSpySupply.com offers only the highest quality real spy equipment , spy gear and surveillance equipment to help you monitor any situation .
If you are looking for hidden cameras , spy cameras , GPS trackers / tracking devices , voice activated audio recorders , hidden camera / bug detectors or any other professional grade spy equipment we 've got you covered .
Our powerful spy gadgets are easy to use , easy to install and require little or no technical know - how .
Enjoy full customer support for the life of all of our spy and surveillance products .
Not sure which spy / surveillance device will best fit your needs ?
That 's no problem .
You can count on EyeSpySupply to provide the highest quality customer service and expert advice in the security and surveillance industry .
Give our experts a call at 888-234-4579 .
We will help you find the exact spy equipment for your exact security and surveillance needs .
Nothing more and nothing less .
EyeSpySupply offers full lifetime USA based technical support for all of our security equipment including our line of CCTV cameras , Nanny cameras and wifi cameras .
We carry all of the industries top brands including Lawmate , Sleuth Gear , Secure Shot , Xtreme Life , Zone Shield , Paraben , SilverCloud , Land Air Sea , Covert Track GPS and many more
Our offices are located in Keller , Texas which is north of Fort Worth in Tarrant County .
We ship nationally and internationally .
Currently we do not offer local pick up , but we are going to open a local office / show room so that we can better serve Dallas , Mid Cities ( Hurst , Euless , Bedford ) and the greater DFW Metroplex in the near future .
In his keynote at the RSA conference Tuesday , Microsoft 's Scott Charney , corporate vice president of their Trustworthy Computing Group , raised several ideas for improving the general security of users on the Internet .
One was to bring outside administration to consumer PCs .
In his keynote at the RSA conference Tuesday , Microsoft 's Scott Charney , corporate vice president of their Trustworthy Computing Group , raised several ideas for improving the general security of users on the Internet .
One was to bring outside administration to consumer PCs .
Enterprise PCs have lots of security problems , but they are much better protected than consumer PCs in part because such companies have IT departments that can administer PCs and exercise authority over them , for instance forbidding users to run certain software and pushing security patches to their PCs .
Perhaps it would be better to say that they * can * be better administered .
But there is no administrator , usually , for the home PC .
The only entity in a position to be one is the Internet Service Provider .
Charney was n't all that specific ; he just wants to get a discussion going .
In fact , I 've had this discussion in the past myself with others .
It 's not a new idea and I think that if it could be made to work someone would at least be trying it now .
( Here 's my column on the idea in eWEEK in 2006 . )
Charney had the same idea I did : use something like NAC ( Network Access Control ) , a technology Microsoft calls NAP ( Network Access Protection ) .
The idea is that PC can't connect to the network unless they demonstrate to an authority on the network that they meet certain criteria : for instance , that they have applied a certain level of operating system updates , or that they have antivirus protection and that it 's updated .
If they do n't meet these criteria , they are shifted off to a separate network , sometimes called a " walled garden , " in which they can do little more than to mitigate the problems that kept them off the network .
NAC has been around quite a while now and it's out there , but it 's not widespread .
Implementing it on an ISP would be quite a challenge , and I 'm not sure any vendors are really ready to do it .
Besides , telling people they have to run certain software on their computers will be unacceptable to many .
Charney 's idea is somewhat different .
He proposes that demonstrably infected computers , those creating a threat to others , be walled off .
But the bigger problem is that nobody has the incentive to do this .
ISPs would be overwhelmed with customers requiring hours of support and who would pay for it ?
Plus , you 'd need for every ISP to do it , or the ones that did would lose customers to those who do n't .
Yes , some of you might think " good riddance " but it 's clear that ISPs do n't want to lose that $ 30 / month , even from the customer who dumps all over their neighbors on the Internet .
We 're talking public policy here , so Charney makes the next obvious leap in the argument : Perhaps tax revenues should be used for this purpose .
General funds ?
Some sort of special tax on Internet use ?
That seems a smaller question than the sheer radicalism of having the government take over security policing of the Internet through a series of local semi-monopolies .
Maybe this is the " right " way to do it from a public policy standpoint , or maybe we 're just better off the way things are .
Originally posted to the PCMag.com security blog , Security Watch .
Welcome to Resnet !
Resnet ( Residence Hall Network ) is a network that brings both wired Ethernet and encrypted wireless connectivity to the residence halls at the University of Texas at Austin .
This service connects to the campus network , as well as to the Internet .
Features
Wired and wireless access to the campus network and the Internet from your dorm room
Wired ports are gigabit
WiFi is 802.11ac
How To Find Your MAC Address
In order to connect a device to an Ethernet port in a Residence Hall , the device 's MAC address for its Ethernet port must be registered to your EID .
For game consoles and other smart devices , this may need to be provided to the UT Service Desk for manual registration .
Devices that have wireless capability will have one MAC address for the wireless interface , and another MAC address for the Ethernet port .
The address corresponding to the Ethernet port is what needs to be registered .
Mac addresses follow the format : A1:B2:C3:D4:E5:F6
Here is how to find the MAC address of various popular home electronics :
Wii U
To locate the MAC Address of your Wii U console :
From the Wii U Menu , select System Settings .
Using the Left Stick select the Internet icon and press the A Button .
Select View MAC Address .
Playstation 3
To locate the MAC Address of your Playstation 3 console :
From the main menu , select Settings .
Select System Settings .
Select System Information .
The MAC Address will then be displayed on the screen .
Playstation 4
To locate the MAC Address of your Playstation 4 console :
Arrow up and over to Settings in the PS4 menu .
Scroll down to Network Scroll down to View Connection Status The MAC Address will be listed next to MAC Address
Xbox 360
To locate the MAC Address of your Xbox One console :
Navigate to My Xbox on the Xbox Dashboard .
Select System Settings .
Select Network Settings .
Select Configure Network .
Under Basic Settings check to make sure IP Settings is set to Automatic .
Go to Additional Settings .
Select Advanced Settings .
The MAC Addresses for the wired and wireless adapters should be displayed .
Apple TV
To locate the MAC Address of your Apple TV :
With your Apple TV remote , navigate to the Settings icon and select it .
From the Settings menu , select General .
Under General , select Network .
Your MAC Address will be next to the " Ethernet Address "
Roku 2 , 3 , & 4
To locate the MAC Address of your Roku :
On the back on your Roku there are a pair of six 2 - digit pairs separated by colons , e.g. A1:B2:C3:D4:E5:F6 .
One set is for the Ethernet connector and for the other for the wireless connector .
Alternatively , from the Roku home screen , select settings > player info .
The Addresses will be listed on - screen .
Personal Router
Personal Routers will almost always have the MAC address for the Wide Area Network ( WAN ) port printed on outside of the device .
The address is sometimes labeled " Hardware Address " or Hardware ID " .
Alternatively , check with the manufacturer for instructions on how to obtain the MAC Address for your specific model .
Smart TV / Bluray Player
To locate the MAC Address of your Smart TV or Bluray Player :
Most MAC Addresses will be visible in the Settings Menu , either under the Network or About sections .
Alternatively , check with the manufacturer for instructions on how to obtain the MAC Address for your specific model .
By Lt. Andrew Esposito
The threat of an international terrorist attack against our country is not to be taken lightly by law enforcement professionals .
In fact , I see it being taken very seriously in the New York Metropolitan area ; agencies are meeting , communicating and taking proactive steps to counter potential terrorist efforts .
As professional police officers we are all aware of the threat .
The training is out there to provide information and resources on how to deal with terrorism , whether it is domestic or foreign .
In this article I would like to address one area that I feel we in law enforcement need to take action on immediately .
The immediate employment of police officers to a terrorist attack as first responders is inevitable ; I believe that the one thing that is not being addressed is what is going to happen to those first responding officers .
We train our police officers in rapid deployment tactics which will serve them well against a violent act by a lone gunman , or even the likes of Harris and Klebold ( Columbine shooters ) .
But let ’s face it , police officers employing rapid deployment tactics against a hardened target defended by a determined enemy with automatic weapons , interlocking fields of fire and hand grenades will not fare well .
There is a high likelihood that the assault will be turned away , and at a bloody cost .
We often speak about the recent terrorist tactic of a mass hostage siege .
This is when a group of terrorists take and hold some type of structure , stabilize the target area and hold a prolonged hostage event .
Examples of this tactic are :
A few weeks ago , I read that the L.A. Marathon , which takes place Sunday , had set up this year ’s course to show off many of Greater Los Angeles ’ best - known landmarks .
Starting at Dodger Stadium and ending at the Santa Monica Pier , it takes participants past Olvera Street , City Hall and Grauman ’s Chinese Theatre as well as onto the Sunset Strip and Rodeo Drive .
Marathon spokesman Peter Abraham said the idea , conceived in 2008 , took nine months to bring together , but now he was certain organizers had created an “ inspiring route ” that had become a destination marathon .
Proof of this , he said , was not only that the marathon was filled to its 25,000 - entrant capacity but that about 20 % of those running will come from outside the area , including runners from Japan , England and Canada .
It was all very nice , but as anyone from Los Angeles could have told Abraham , he and his crew had missed one big landmark .
The landmark we are known for more than all the others : L.A. traffic .
Marathon runners will run down vacant stretches of blacktop protected by police and race officials who will practically lead them by the hand up and down the streets that we die on a little every morning and afternoon .
I decided to see if I could drive the marathon course in my car — street for street , turn for turn — during weekday morning rush hour , in a time faster than elite runners could run it on race day .
Abraham told me those runners will finish the course in about 2 hours 8 minutes and that he thought I did n’t stand a chance , adding that organizers had considered minting a T - shirt that read : “ It ’s faster to run it than drive it . ”
Challenge accepted .
And so Thursday , March 11 , at 7:35 a.m. , I embarked from Dodger Stadium in my car with a street - by - street map of the course and Dave Wielenga , acting as navigator .
Wielenga is a former president of the L.A. Track Writers Assn. , when there was such an organization , and a distance runner who has finished his own L.A. Marathon .
Asked if the hills around Dodger Stadium would be a problem at the start of the race , Wielenga says being forced to slow down at the start could actually help .
“ You know , starting too fast is also a big problem , ” he says .
“ You ’re excited at the start , but you ’ll really feel it somewhere in the race .
In some weird way , this could slow people down , give them some sense about going out . ”
Fifteen minutes in we are already at the Cathedral of Our Lady of Angels — that ’s the five - mile mark — which means were on a three - minute - per - mile pace .
We turn onto Temple and start an uphill grade that will no doubt test runners ’ hearts , lungs and knees .
“ That ’s a little steeper of a hill than will be fun at that point , ” Wielenga says .
“ That ’ll be the first place that ’ll tell you your conditioning .
The people in better condition will struggle but know they ’re in good shape .
But if you ’re not in good shape , this will really tax you . ”
We turn onto Sunset Boulevard and feel sorry for the out - of - towners who no doubt believe glamour awaits them ; what they will get is fast - food joints , coin -operated laundries and vacant retail space .
But any disappointment the runners will have felt when initially getting on Sunset will disappear when they swoop around toward Maltman Avenue and get a panoramic view of the Hollywood sign and Griffith Park Observatory .
This is what race spokesman Abraham was talking about when he used the word “ inspiring . ”
At the half - hour mark we ’re where Sunset meets Hollywood Boulevard .
We pass through Little Armenia , which begins at New Hampshire , and Thai Town , which begins at Normandie .
Soon we ’re on the Sunset Strip , looking for San Vicente .
Dave says he likes this kind of point - to - point run “ because it makes you feel like you ’re making progress . ”
He says that when he ran the L.A. Marathon , the course was a rather nondescript trek from Universal City to downtown .
“ Of course , ” he said , “ at some point , no matter what ’s around you , every marathon just becomes about finishing . ”
We pass the Beverly Hills sign ( about 17 miles into the course ) at the one - hour mark ; my arriving at the pier well ahead of 2:08 seems assured .
Just needed to find San Vicente Boulevard .
At this point , Dave says : “ We must have missed San Vicente . ”
We had missed our turn .
We are now somewhere behind UCLA .
I turn the car around while Dave reminds me that I ’d pledged not to stop my race clock for anything and that getting lost “ was part of driving in L.A. traffic . ”
Runners sometimes miss turns too , right ?
I race back , find San Vicente and head toward Beverly Hills .
The debacle adds 20 minutes to our time .
Suddenly I know about not caring about the scenery .
At 1 hour 30 minutes we are just turning onto Rodeo Drive .
I am weaving in and out of lanes .
Performing California stops .
At 1:45 , we ’re at 21 miles and on a nondescript stretch of Sawtelle Boulevard .
“ This , ” Dave says about running a marathon , “ is where regret kicks in .
Regret that you even started . ”
I know exactly what he ’s talking about .
Soon we are turning into the West L.A. Veterans Affairs facility and my heart lightens .
According to the map , this is the last landmark before the finish line .
Then I learn that the course winds over every inch of the place .
The minutes pass .
Finally , we find the exit .
Dave says the hospital ’s many speed bumps are going to prove troublesome for a lot of runners whose strides will be much shorter at this point in the race .
Soon we ’re going downhill on San Vicente .
Abraham predicts whoever gets to this stretch first on race day will end up winning .
“ Yeah , the elites will love it , ” he says , “ but if you ’re struggling , if your muscles are hurting , you ’ll have lost the ability to cushion yourself , making this kind of a weird pleasure - torture . ”
I am hauling .
Despite the buses , I finally reach Ocean Boulevard .
Less than a mile from the end , I almost make the disastrous decision to turn right , but correct myself and go left .
I gun it , get caught behind another bus , gun it and see the finish line — Santa Monica Boulevard !
And that ’s when the light turns red .
Sitting there , I ’m not certain of my time ; my navigator has gone quiet .
The light turns , I gun it again and I finish .
I look at Dave .
“ Two hours … two minutes 19 seconds . ”
Yes , the good news is that I did the 26.2 - mile course in 2:02:19 , a good six minutes faster than the probable winner Sunday ( though probably half an hour or so slower than the wheelchair winner ) .
The bad news is that it took two hours and two minutes to go 26 miles in L.A .
" We 're witnessing what amounts to no less than a mass exodus to virtual worlds and online game environments . "
Edward Castronova
( Ed 's an economist that studies online games .
I met him at a Highland 's conference a couple of years ago , smart guy ) .
Here 's a video of Jane McGonigal at the 2010 TED ( the conference for tech , entertainment , and Wall Street elites to rub elbows ) conference .
In it she talks about the power of online games .
Worth watching .
Some useful stats from the presentation include :
Active online gamers spend 10,000 hours of play by the time they are 21 ( almost as much as the time spent in school ) .
There are 500 million active online gamers worldwide ( that will grow to 1.5 billion in the next 10 years ) .
3 billion hours a week are spent playing online games .
She also hits on some useful observations : people game to this degree because it makes more sense than real life and that gaming is a form of personal super empowerment .
However , at this point the presentation breaks down .
McGonigal then proceeds to think of ways gamers can be used to do things ( which plays well with the users at TED ) .
While I give her props for thinking about ways to generate ideas on how to fix global problems , she entirely misses the big idea .
Here 's the big idea .
For active online gamers real life is broken .
It does n't make any sense .
Effort is n't connected to reward .
The path forward is confused , convoluted , and contradictory .
Worse , there 's a growing sense that the entire game is being corrupted to ensure failure .
So , why play it ?
They do n't .
They retreat to online games .
Why ?
Online games provide an environment that connects what you do ( work , problem solving , effort , motivation level , merit ) in the game to rewards ( status , capabilities , etc. ) .
These games also make it simple to get better ( learn , skill up , etc. ) through an intuitive just - in - time training system .
The problem is that this is virtual fantasy .
So the really big idea is n't figuring out how to USE online gamers for real world purposes ( as in the dirty word : crowdsourcing -- the act of other people to do work for you for FREE -- blech ! ) .
Instead , it 's about finding a way to use online games to make real life better for the gamers .
In short , turn games into economic darknets that work in parallel and better than the broken status quo systems .
As in : economic games that connect effort with reward .
Economic games with transparent rules that tangibly improve the lives of all of the players in the REAL WORLD .
This is n't tech utopian .
It 's reality .
The global electronic marketplace and the political system that currently dominates our lives is at root a game but with hidden rule sets .
As a result , it 's a game that being run for the benefit of the game designers to the detriment of the players .
The reason we keep playing is that we do n't have any choice .
Let 's invent something better and compete with it .
Let 's provide people with a choice .
It ’s hard to imagine that there have been many younger divorcées  or braver ones  than a pint - size third grader named Nujood Ali .
Nujood is a Yemeni girl , and it ’s no coincidence that Yemen abounds both in child brides and in terrorists ( and now , thanks to Nujood , children who have been divorced ) .
Societies that repress women tend to be prone to violence .
For Nujood , the nightmare began at age 10 when her family told her that she would be marrying a deliveryman in his 30s .
Although Nujood ’s mother was unhappy , she did not protest .
“ In our country it ’s the men who give the orders , and the women who follow them , ” Nujood writes in a powerful new autobiography just published in the United States this week , “ I Am Nujood , Age 10 and Divorced . ”
Her new husband forced her to drop out of school ( she was in the second grade ) because a married woman should n’t be a student .
At her wedding , Nujood sat in the corner , her face swollen from crying .
I watched with great interest as President Obama and his entourage of many dropped in ( like it was n’t planned for days ) to a Washington hamburger joint called Five Guys hamburgers and fries to pick up lunch for himself and staffers .
I was n’t so intrigued by the fact that he liked Five Guys hamburgers ( they are great ) but the aftermath of the visit was quite astounding .
Even though it is a pretty hopping place for lunch normally , now you cannot drive by there without seeing an unbelievable line literally wrapped around the block at all hours of the day and night .
It got me to thinking .
I know he ’s real busy with the war , the economy and stuff , but if he and maybe his wife could kind of make the rounds of a few small businesses a week , you know , buy a dress here , a hot dog there …
Then that could give the backbone of the U.S. economy ( small businesses ) a real leg up .
I ’m sure any of these small businesses that would reap the benefits would put the extra money to good use .
Like , paying higher interest rates on credit cards , higher gas , health care , higher insurance premiums , higher food costs , and of course , helping bail out every stupid , greedy , large corporation that does n’t have a clue .
So , President Obama , I could use a few bucks myself , my garage sale is this Saturday and I have plenty of room for a nice long line .
Built on a Lie The Fundamental Flaw of Europe 's Common Currency
The euro is under attack like never before , as the promises on which it was based turn out to be lies .
Hedge funds are speculating against Greek debt , while euro - zone politicians work behind the scenes to cobble together rescue packages .
But fundamental flaws in the monetary union need to be fixed if Europe 's common currency is to survive .
By SPIEGEL staff .
Tim McGirk , Time Magazine ’s Jerusalem bureau chief , is notorious for his lack of impartiality on the Arab - Israeli conflict .
Time and again , he has departed from the code of journalistic ethics by failing to “ distinguish between advocacy and news reporting , ” and by misleading readers with false information .
In a Feb. 8 , 2010 article entitled “ Archaeology in Jerusalem : Digging Up Trouble , ” McGirk once again replaces objective reporting with advocacy journalism , this time promoting opponents of archeological excavations in the City of David .
Jerusalem ’s past , present and future is a subject of controversy that arouses passionate opinion and positions on both sides .
One of the main obstacles to previous peace ‑making efforts has been the issue of dividing Jerusalem and control over its holy sites .
Muslim denial of Judaism ’s historical and religious ties to Jerusalem , the Waqf ’s illegal construction on the Temple Mount , and the violent response to Jewish archeological digs have long stymied Arab - Israeli peace negotiations .
( See “ The Battle Over Jerusalem and the Temple Mount “ . )
While the strongest opposition to the archeological excavations taking place in Jerusalem comes from Palestinian and Muslim leaders who for political reasons deny a Jewish historic bond to the city ’s holy sites , opposition has also come from pro‑Palestinian activists who oppose Israeli sovereignty in Jerusalem ’s holy basin and from revisionist or minimalist archeologists who reject the Bible as a guide to the history of ancient Israel .
Support for the archeological studies comes not only from right‑wing Jewish nationalists but from archeologists , historians and scholars throughout the world who believe that the discoveries support biblical accounts of a united Davidian monarchy .
A responsible reporter would objectively present all aspects of this controversial topic .
An ethical journalist would not attempt to “ spin ” the story with editorial comments and omission of relevant information .
But McGirk demonstrates that he is neither .
He weighs in on the debate from the start of the article , introducing the subject by derogating archeology in Jerusalem as something akin to a delusional “ psychological disorder . ”
And just in case it is not clear enough where he stands on the issue , McGirk follows with an even more prejudicial characterization of the archeological dig in Jerusalem ’s holy basin as “ an extreme case of the willful jumbling of science and faith [ that ] is threatening Jerusalem ’s precarious spiritual balance . ”
By characterizing the excavation in this way , McGirk embraces one side of an ongoing debate within the field of archeology .
He further shapes the story by reserving pejorative characterizations for those involved with , or supportive of , those archeological excavations while characterizing their opponents in a respectful way .
The reporter refers to the Israeli government as “ hawkish ” and “ disinclined to compromise , ” but makes no mention of Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas ’ disinclination to compromise by setting preconditions even to negotiating with Israel .
He characterizes “ City of David ” or “ Elad ” , the group under whose auspices the archeological excavations are taking place , as “ a right‑wing Jewish settler organization ” and its founder as “ an ex‑Israeli commando who used to disguise himself as an Arab for undercover missions in the Palestinian territories . ”
But he does not mention the credentials of those involved in the excavations .
Of what relevance is the founder ’s commando past ?
None , of course , except to paint him as a cunning operator against Palestinians .
The journalist respectfully refers to Daniel Seidemann , an outspoken foe of Israeli sovereignty and habitation in eastern Jerusalem , as a lawyer who works for a civil rights organization and , elsewhere in the article , as “ Lawyer Seidemann , ” but does not afford similar honorifics to the archeologist who heads the Jerusalem excavation .
McGirk conveniently omits her credentials , introducing her simply as “ Eilat Mazar ” and incorrectly describing her as “ an associate of the right‑wing Shalem think tank ”
And while he includes this incorrect affiliation – Time has already issued a correction stating that Mazar is not currently affiliated with the Shalem think tank – McGirk neglects to inform readers that Dr. Mazar is a respected archeologist – the granddaughter of Benjamin Mazar , who was a prominent archeologist , historian and former president of the Hebrew University .
She received her PhD in archeology more than a decade ago , has published in scholarly journals , was a visiting scholar at the Hebrew University ’s Institute of Archeology and is currently a research fellow there .
By contrast , McGirk characterizes those who oppose the field of biblical archeology and disagree with Mazar and her team ’s findings as “ scholars ” and “ experts . ”
Unsurprisingly , the journalist gives short shrift to proponents of Mazar ’s archeological excavation , devoting the bulk of the article to highlighting the views of its detractors and their inflammatory pronouncements against Elad .
McGirk quotes several “ experts ” in the field , as he describes them , who are critical of Mazar ’s work .
But the only praise he quotes is from “ a Jewish settler and activist . ”
McGirk suggests that the archeologist ’s support comes from “ religious Jews . ”
Of course , there are others , as well , who admire Mazar ’s work not for political or religious reasons , but as scholarly contributions to the field .
They include such prominent archeologists as Haifa University Professor Ronny Reich , Eli Shukron of the Israeli Antiquities Authority , Dr. Gabriel Barkay of Bar Ilan University , Professor Amihai Mazar of the Institute for Archeological Studies , and numerous other biblical scholars , archeologists and historians both inside and outside of Israel .
McGirk does not bother to interview or quote any of them about the excavations .
Instead , he attempts to show that it is Mazar ’s archeological investigation that “ complicates efforts by the White House to enable both Palestinians and Israelis to share Jerusalem as their respective capitals , a key demand of the Palestinians ” — as if a scholarly archeological investigation should be abandoned merely because the results are inconvenient to a political agenda .
Complicating the efforts of the White House far more than the City of David excavations is the fact that Palestinians and Muslim leaders routinely deny any Jewish connection to Jerusalem and the Temple Mount , while the Waqf has actively attempted to erase evidence of Jewish history .
McGirk , however , buries these facts in a single paragraph near the end of the article , presenting it as a claim by “ irate Jewish scholars . ”
Indeed , in his apparent zeal to portray Israel as a wrongdoer , McGirk ignores ke y information that would shed more light on the political side of the debate .
While he acknowledges that Baron Rothschild “ bought several acres of land in Silwan ” in the early 20th century , he neglects to mention that 60 % of Silwan is Jewish - owned , including the land purchased by Rothschild .
Nor does he mention that Jewish families inhabited this neighborhood , known in Hebrew as Shiloah , as early as 1882 and that Silwan ’s Jewish residents were only driven from their homes by Arab attacks in the late 1920 ’s .
Instead , the journalist introduces the area in which the excavations are taking place as “ Silwan , an Arab village now listed in Israeli guidebooks as the City of David . ”
And while McGirk writes about Jewish expansionist activities in Silwan , he provides no mention of the argument that it is Silwan ’s Arab residents have who have been actively expanding there by illegally building in an area that for hundreds of years has been a public area designated for preservation .
McGirk asserts :
Elad ’s archaeological expansion continues , with 88 Arab homes marked for demolition to build an “ archaeological park . ”
The missing side of the debate can be found in a Ha’aretz article by journalist Nadav Shragai :
Progress has brought troubles along with it to the King ’s Valley [ the area of the designated archeological park ] .
For hundreds of years floodwaters drained into the garden of the kings of Judea , east of the Shiloah Pool in Jerusalem .
In winter it was a swamp , but in summer it became a blooming garden .
With a bit of imagination and with the help of varied historical sources it is possible to imagine King David strolling in the royal garden with its abundant greenery and water among the olive , fig , pomegranate and almond trees , singing Psalms .
According to one tradition , this is where the Book of Ecclesiastes was composed .
About 20 years ago , the Jerusalem municipality shored up the water runoff there , and in the open green area ( al Bustan , in Arabic ) , which the Turks and the British took care to preserve for hundreds of years as a public area intended for preservation and development of parks and tourism , an illegal Palestinian outpost arose .
Within 18 years 88 buildings went up there , under the noses of mayors Teddy Kollek and now outgoing Prime Minister Ehud Olmert .
Under former mayor Uri Lupolianski , the construction was halted , after the municipality confiscated tractors and heavy machinery from the lawbreakers .
Last summer the director general of the Antiquities Authority , Shuka Dorfman , noted in a kind of “ post mortem ” that the construction in the King ’s Garden caused significant and irreversible damage to antiquities .
Representatives of the municipality and Dorfman admitted that they had no good explanation for what has happened in this lovely garden , which is described in the Books of Nechemiah and Ecclesiastes , in midrashim ( rabbinic Biblical homiletics ) and in many historical sources .
Dorfman stressed that together with Tel David , the garden constitutes the only complete archaeological garden of first‑rate importance .
Time ’s readers cannot reliably learn about the controversies and arguments surrounding the history , archeology , and future of Jerusalem as long as Time ’s Jerusalem bureau chief continues to serve as an advocate for one side of the debate instead of as a responsible and ethical journalist .
A GIRL aged 14 has been working as a lap dancer in a strip club , it has been claimed .
Undercover reporters from
The Sun witnessed the schoolgirl gyrate for a group of baying men until 3 am and swig 12 bottles of strong vodka alcopops between dances .
Her mother thought she was at a sleepover with a friend .
The girl performed pole dances dressed in a black basque , black stockings and suspenders .
She also stripped to dance naked behind a translucent glass screen .
And at one point the girl took a punter aged in his mid-30s to a tiny curtained - off cubicle for a " private dance " .
She told a reporter at the sleazy Shadow Lounge in Weston - super - Mare , England , that she was aged 18 and added : " I 'm p***** out of my head . "
She went on : " This is only my second night but I 'm a very good lap dancer .
For £ 20 ( $ 33 ) you can come into a private booth with me and I 'll dance for you . "
Then she also offered a " VIP dance " for £ 80 .
When asked what that involved , she teased : " You 'll have to find out . "
Another 14 - year - old girl was with her , claiming she was there to give " moral support " .
The Shadow Lounge , which advertises for dancers , is run by Spanish - born Jesus Rodriguez - Casas , known as JR .
He claimed the 14 - year - old duped him , saying she was 18 , and failed to return when he asked for better ID .
He also claimed the girl was " practising " and did the private dance for a friend .
JR insisted : " I would never employ underage girls . "
It is illegal for anyone under 18 to work in a lap dancing club .
The girls ' mothers were horrified when told .
The mother of the naked dancer said : " It 's disgusting , I thought she was out staying with a friend for the night . "
Police said they had reports of a young girl approaching a club seeking work and appealed for information .
Originally published as Girl , 14 , working as ' very good ' lap dancer
Python Programming , news on the Voidspace Python Projects and all things techie .
A Little Bit of Python : Episodes 5 and 6
Two more episodes of A Little Bit of Python have been posted .
A Little Bit of Python is an occasional podcast on Python related topics with myself , Brett Cannon , Jesse Noller , Steve Holden and Andrew Kuchling .
Episode 5 is a round table discussion of some of the new things coming in Python 2.7 .
This includes a discussion of the changes coming to the logging module and distutils ( with rambling side discussions at every point of course ) .
Episode 6 is the first of a series of interviews I recorded at PyCon .
This interview is with Van Lindberg , who lists amongst his achievements being the PyCon chair this year , being the PSF lawyer and a PSF member , and also the author of Intellectual Property and Open Source .
In his spare time he works as an intellectual property lawyer .
In the interview , recorded after PyCon 2010 had finished , we discuss how PyCon went , what we can look forward to in PyCon 2011 and a bit about his book and his work .
General links for the podcast feeds and a webpage with an embedded flash player :
Note Unfortunately the audio quality in episode 5 is not great .
This is because of the way we have been recording .
We have one more episode recorded using the same technique , but future episodes should be higher quality .
If you have feedback , insults or suggestions for new topics you can email us on : all@bitofpython.com .
We do n't yet have the podcast listed on iTunes ; we 'll set that up once our permanent online home goes live .
We do have a twitter account , so for news on new episodes follow @bitofpython .
A Little Bit of Python is also syndicated on Hacker Public Radio ( although they 're only up to episode two so far ) .
Encoding json on Silverlight with System .
Json
At the backend of last I year I wrote a blog entry on decoding json on Silverlight .
Well , the time has finally come and we 're now encoding json to post back to our Django application .
The code to encoode json is just as simple as the code for decoding .
It makes extensive use of clr .
Convert ( ... ) as encoding json relies heavily on implicit conversions :
import clr from System .
Collections .
Generic import Dictionary from System .
Json import JsonValue , JsonArray , JsonObject NoneType = type ( None ) def encode_string ( data ) : return encode_object ( data ) .
ToString ( ) def encode_object ( value ) : if isinstance ( value , ( int , long , bool , float , str , NoneType ) ) : # JsonValue has implicit conversion operators for all # these types return clr .
Convert ( value , JsonValue ) elif isinstance ( value , ( list , tuple , set ) ) : return JsonArray ( [ encode_object ( obj ) for obj in value ] ) elif isinstance ( value , dict ) : values = Dictionary [ str , JsonValue ] ( ) for key , val in value . items ( ) : values [ key ] = encode_object ( val ) return JsonObject ( values ) # raise an error if we encounter an unhandled type raise TypeError ( value )
encode_string takes any data - structure of Python primitive / container types and serializes it into JSON .
This json seems to be consumed fine by simplejson on the other end .
As well as being simple this code is blazingly fast .
The actual encoding operation is done in the .
ToString ( ) call , which all happens in C# .
Note
We used to use simplejson inside Silverlight for our json handling .
This pulls in several standard library modules and importing them had a big impact on our startup time .
Switching to using System .
Json was a big win for us both in terms of performance and startup time .
When you send the json over the wire then it will be encoded as UTF - 8 for the simple reason that this is the only encoding that Silverlight ships with .
This is relevant because the reason we are shipping huge data structures over the wire is in order to export Excel files from our data - grid views .
I initially tried to use xlwt inside Silverlight .
Unfortunately it relies on either latin - 1 or utf - 16 encodings and so my efforts were doomed to failure .
Fortunately it works grand on the server side , but the encoding restriction does place limits on the Python libraries that you can use in the browser ( unless you are prepared to write your own encoding functions of course ) .
Archives
By Stuart Parker
On the morning of March 8th , I received a phone call from the NDP office in Ottawa .
The party staffer at the other end of the line politely informed me that the NDP was rescinding its approval for me to seek a party nomination to run in the upcoming federal election .
Last fall , the party conducted a lengthy vetting process to determine if it would allow me to represent it .
After six weeks of checking my background , it permitted me to proceed to the next stage and run for a nomination in my riding .
If victorious , I could join over 200 other NDP candidates in ridings across the country in flying the flag of social democracy in a totally unwinnable seat .
But this was not not to be .
The party , it was explained , had taken exception to comments I had made on my personal Facebook page , in particular one in which I exhorted New Democrats to keep supporting our most viable candidate for the Toronto mayor ’s chair in the wake of a sex scandal .
I said , in full , " Stuart Parker is n't a fan of Giambrone 's today but can't believe all the outraged jumping ship .
NDPers not wishing to be sullied with our mayoral candidate have had little problem while our party has denied welfare to refugees and interprovincial migrants , broken strikes , shot at Indians , invoked the Notwithstanding Clause , supported NAFTA and otherwise sold out social democracy in Canada .
But of all the things to quit the team over ” ¦ "
This was apparently the most egregious of my “ several ” comments .
But given that I have made only three Facebook posts mentioning the NDP since being vetted , there is little mystery as to the other comments that have made me so dangerous to the party that it wo n’t let any riding association in the country even vote on whether I should be allowed to represent them :
(1) " Stuart Parker can't believe the NDP is crowing about how Jack Layton has the highest approval rating of any federal leader when all three of them have lower approval ratings than Bush in 2008 .
It 's one thing to privately rub our hands over Harper 's 24 % and Iggy 's 15 % but publicly bragging about a 29 % approval rating is not smart politics .
It 's embarrassing . "
(2) " Stuart Parker congratulates the NDP for ( a ) not running a troglodytic anti-tax campaign in Toronto Centre as in St. Paul 's and ( b ) nearly doubling their share of the vote to 33 % .
Not unconnected !
Good work Cathy Crowe .
Being an actual social democrat vs. a fake populist actually pays off . "
Many New Democrats have reacted to this by calling party officials “ Stalinist ” .
These well - intentioned individuals , politically seasoned in the internecine conflicts of the Cold War-era Canadian Left , have missed the real story of what has become of our party and of Canadian politics generally .
My Facebook page was not searched by Stalinists looking to enforce ideological purity and lockstep loyalty–it was searched by risk - averse cut -rate PR flacks .
Have you noticed how politicians seem to speak more repetitively all the time , like they ’re on a 30 - second loop ?
Political parties have become enamoured of “ key messages ” and “ talking points ” because the strategists calling the shots are experts in what the PR industry calls “ crisis communications ” .
Crisis communications is a set of protocols designed to manage product recalls , oil spills , and the like .
The idea is that something big , scary , and out - of - control is going on , and the way for a large corporate entity to cope with it is to make sure that it can restrict who speaks and what they can say to the point where it can control the conversation .
It is no coincidence , then , that when we hear our political leaders in the media , they sound just like some Maple Leaf exec explaining the next pre-emptive recall of potentially diseased meat .
And people wonder why all our leaders are less popular than Bush was in 2008 .
Democracy should be big , scary , and out - of - control .
Elections should be times when energized and empowered voters and candidates speak with passion .
Given a 50 - year history of third - party status , the last thing the NDP needs is to be even more risk - averse .
The party ’s decision to turn its candidates ’ personal ( not campaign )
Facebook pages into sterile , passionless places would leave the Obama organizers they brought to their last convention , at great expense , scratching their heads .
Unleashing the power of the social media is not , I am sure , about establishing new party surveillance and regulation protocols to micromanage party activists .
Stuart Parker was recruited to the NDP by Svend Robinsion in 1985 , and was an active member until resigning in 1988 .
He then served as founding president of the B.C. Green party ’s youth wing ( 1988 - 93 ) and then as its leader ( 1993 -2000 ) .
In 1999 , he negotiated municipal party coalitions in Vancouver and Victoria between the Greens , NDP , and local labour councils .
Since 2001 , he has been a member of the New Democratic Party , coordinating major endorsements of the party by former Green supporters in the 2001 B.C. and 2004 federal elections .
Between 1999 and 2009 , he served on the boards of Fair Voting B.C. and / or Fair Vote Canada .
He works as a lecturer at the University of Toronto where he is completing a PhD in history .
Not Everyone Using noSQL is a Rails - Lovin ’ Ass - Clown
so , i guess there ’s this guy – ted dziuba – who ’s apparently tired of all this nosql talk .
i’m thinking to myself “ wow , does this guy have an axe to grind or what ?
did he invent the rdbms or something ? ”
turns out , what he does is work on backend systems for read - heavy applications .
stuff that ’s easily aggregated and cached and cubed and slaved out to read servers .
he was at google working on their intranet ( i’d assume something like 20 k monthly uniques ) , this pressflip search thing ( and it ’s , like , 5 k monthly uniques ) and now ( the big one ! ) milo , a product search thing , with 200 k monthly uniques ( down from 400k ) .
oh , and i guess he likes to bash on valley entrepreneurs … whatever .
i guess he just feels all “ big fish in a little pond . ” * shrug *
anyway .
the way i see it , there are really two reasons why he hates nosql :
it does n’t look like he ’s ever done anything for a large , mainstream audience .
i bet he still thinks getting slashdotted or techcrunched is the definition of “ a lot of users . ” he ’s only worked on read - heavy , search and reporting type sites .
ding !
lightbulb !
he just does n’t have any experience with the problem set nosql solves .
so just ignore him and move along , folks .
if you still wanna hang out , let ’s look at his issues separately .
1. lack of large audience perspective .
Developing the app for Google - sized scale is a waste of your time , plus , there is no way you will get it right .
Absolutely none .
this is especially obvious to me .
he thinks there ’s a tiny audience then his audience size and other than that , it ’s just waaaaayyy up there to google or facebook .
um .
no .
for example , there are over 600 facebook apps with at least 200 k monthly uniques .
and 300 of those have over half a million monthly uniques .
( oh , and half a dozen of these facebook games have as many or more monthly users than the website for the “ real ” business of walmart . )
my point is , this is n’t 1998 anymore .
speaking from personal experience , getting slashdotted is about half the traffic of getting linked on boing boing .
which is about half the traffic of getting linked off the bbc .
throw in that farmville is about 10 x the number of uniques as the bbc , and you start to see how wide the gap is and how much stuff there is in between .
i mean , name just about any brand your mom has heard of and their site gets 1,000,000 + uniques a month .
ted – you need some perspective on just how big “ mass market ” really is .
and that , my friends , is a perfect representation of today ’s web traffic .
niche -> popular -> mainstream .
those of us targeting mainstream users are dealing with an n^2 problem when it comes to scaling .
there are more people online and those people are doing more things on more sites for more time than ever before in history .
any nielsen ratings data can tell you that .
and with the gameification of everything these days , all of them are looking dead - center at my next point …
2. not big on write - heavy applications .
… and no , i do n’t mean how your search engine spiders crawl and process and write metric tons of data .
i’m not talking about the sphinx index you build every hour .
no , i’m talking about the real - time web .
high availability of data , not just services .
email , im , facebook – all of these have ruined offline aggregate processing for the mainstream .
if their friend bob posts something , they expect it to * ping * pop up on their screen .
i ’m talking about the raw lust for real time data .
that ’s not going anywhere .
there ’s not a web professional in the world who disagrees with that .
but , you ask , “ what does that have to do with write - heavy applications ? ” well , if there ’s no new data , then real time is n’t necessary and the website publishers sure as heck are n’t the ones publishing all of this data in real time .
it ’s gotta come from somewhere , right ?
that defines the old days right there .
it was a publisher ’s dream .
you ’d just push out your new content to the rdbms , cache it in boring html on the front end , round - robin your web servers and done !
there were no comments .
no “ liking ” .
no friends of friends .
no content suggestions .
no leaderboards .
no viral .
no earned virtual currency .
no reputation systems .
no “ social media . ”
none of that is easily cacheable .
because none of that is static .
because all of that is constantly updated and written back to the data store .
Besides , did you know that Google Adwords is implemented on top of MySQL ?
What , that business critical code that operates at massive scale does n’t use BigTable ?
in the old days , reads used to outnumber writes to the database 100 to 1 .
these days , it ’s more like 7 to 1 .
seems like people do n’t just consume information – they update and republish it too .
and sharing at internet speed is kinda useless if “ internet speed ” means waiting 3 hours for your stream processor to mashup the data and store it somewhere as an olap cube .
because i totally believe that google adwords runs on mysql .
IT ’S READ - ONLY !
that ’s what mysql is good for – lots of read - heavy , cacheable data you can map against other read - heavy cacheable data .
look , ted .
you seem like a really , really smart cookie at what you do .
a helluva lot better at it than i am , i’m sure .
but , i sure as hell would n’t assign you to design the next hit facebook game .
but , i’d totally assign you to build the metrics system powering it .
it ’s all about the right tool for the job .
that terribly named “ web 2.0 ” thing changed the job description .
that means we need to find a new tool .
mysql is not it .
nosql is .
which flavor of key / value store ?
which messaging queue ?
meh .
i do n’t care .
that ’s like asking which brand of screwgun do you wanna use ?
i do n’t care , but every single one of them is better for driving in 3 " deck screws than that old school phillips screwdriver you ’ve got sitting over there .
but that does n’t mean your screwdriver ’s not still useful , tho .
nobody is trying to kill your puppy , ted .
i promise .
now , here ’s where you ’re thinking to yourself “ where does this guy get off ?
who is this dork calling out ted ? ”
well , i’ve been building web and interactive stuff for “ real ” companies from universal pictures to hasbro .
from hp to conagra to sybase .
and doing it for 15 some - odd years .
i’m currently working on one of the top 15 emerging facebook games where in the last 14 days we ’ve painfully had to scale from 44,000 daily uniques to 104,000 daily uniques .
believe me .
not everyone using a nosql solution is a rails - lovin ’ ass - clown , man .
so , i’m pretty comfortable saying : hey , ted .
you ’re gonna be waiting a long , long time .
everyone else ?
ignore him and just use the right tool for the job .
m3 mnoch .
p.s. ted . sorry about calling you out , but , if you ’re gonna troll about silly crap , you have to expect it .
A woman in the US is claiming her love handles saved her life after surviving a near fatal shooting .
The Press of Atlantic City reports Samantha Lynn Frazier from Florida was in Atlantic City on a trip with her family when she heard a pop as she walked into a bar .
The 35 - year - old and her cousin quickly ducked inside the bar , and just as she thought they were safe , that is when the pain hit .
" Something bit me , " she said , putting a hand to her left side .
" I moved my hand , and it was full of blood . "
" I 've been shot , " Frazier said just before passing out .
She woke up in the trauma unit of a medical centre .
She is now recovering at her cousin's home and is upset her vacation ended prematurely .
" I come out on vacation to the world 's largest playground , and I get shot , " Frazier said .
" I 'm just an innocent bystander . "
Frazier 's vacation may have been ruined , but she now has a new lease on life , and is excited about her birthday in July .
" Thank God , I 'm going to be 36 .
I could have been dead .
They said my love handles saved my life , " she said .
" I 'd been hollering how I want to lose weight .
I do n't want to lose weight anymore .
I want to be as big as I can if it 's going to stop a bullet . "
Atlantic City Detective Charles Love confirmed Frazier was not the intended target , and says the unidentified man the shooter was aiming for escaped with a bullet hole in his down jacket .
As COVID - 19 puts many events on pause , we find ourselves unable to host the SPRING CRAFT BEER FESTIVAL at Belmont Racetrack on 6/20 / 20 as we originally hoped .
The events we love will have to wait , not forever , just for now …
Hope to see you soon !
DNA , the storage bank of genetic information for all living organisms , is challenging scientists and policy makers to reconsider the issue of privacy .
With the completion of the human genome and advancements in DNA sequencing technologies , a person ’s DNA can potentially be tested for risks related to a number of genetic diseases .
This progress is promising for personalized medicine , but ethical and policy issues are coming to the forefront as well .
After all , can DNA data ever be truly private and anonymous when DNA itself can also act as a unique identifier ?
At the 2010 AAAS conference in San Diego , a panel of experts criticized current policies and offered solutions to the ethical issues associated with DNA identifiability .
Joel
Wu , a research fellow at the Mayo Clinic , moderated a discussion among four panelists : Brad Malin ( professor of biomedical informatics at Vanderbilt University ) , Sharon Terry ( president and CEO of Genetic Alliance ) , Barbara Koenig ( professor biomedical ethics at the Mayo Clinic ) , and Ellen Clayton ( professor of genetics and health policy at Vanderbilt University ) .
Wu opened up the symposium by stressing the point that “ genomic research needs data access to large data banks of DNA from volunteers , but data sharing becomes a question of public trust . ”
In order for scientists to continue gathering and sharing DNA data , the public must trust the process enough to volunteer for studies .
If privacy protection becomes compromised , research wo n't continue to move forward .
Thus ,
Wu states that “ the goal is to create a balance between genomic research and privacy protection .
The goal is to find balance between data access and public trust . ”
Criticisms of the Current System
The panelists propose that the current policies fail to adequately protect volunteers for genomic research , making the balance impossible to achieve .
A key problem , according to Wu , is that “ DNA and DNA data can not be truly de-identified , so common interpretations of privacy do not apply . ”
Currently , there is no definitive , legal definition of DNA as data that contains identification information .
Koenig pointed out that “ administrative units within the US Department of Health and Human Services articulate inconsistent positions of DNA and DNA data . ”
The panel argued that the first step of protecting DNA data is to define it as ID information .
Furthermore , current research protocols for volunteers are rather misleading when it comes to genomic research .
For example , participants normally sign informed consent forms , but Wu posited that “ meaningful informed consent is elusive , as there is unspecific future use for DNA data , ” so current informed consent forms provide “ untenable promises of privacy and confidentiality . ”
Both Wu and Koenig acknowledged the lack of regulatory frameworks for reviewing the ethics , expertise , authority , and jurisdiction of facilities that collect and share DNA data .
Koenig summarized it by saying , “ Science is dynamic , and we almost ca n’t keep track of the speed of progress , but we have a stale ethical system that ’s decades old . ”
A Realistic Look at Identifiability
Before we can reasonably tackle the deficiencies of existing policies , we need to know some technical facts about DNA identification .
Malin stated that the adage “ we fear what we do n’t understand ” applies to genomic research .
He said that “ uniqueness is not sufficient for identification , ” meaning “ just having DNA is not going to tell you who it is .
There needs to be a linking mechanism between de-identified DNA and identified data . ”
The linking mechanism can be a forensics team , life science researchers , paternity companies , or anyone who swipes a tissue sample from you .
Nevertheless , for you to be linked to your genomic data in some database , a person already has to know who you are .
What can your DNA data reveal ?
Malin listed demographics , familial history , clinical features , and life patterns among information that is commonly linked with DNA in databases .
That may seem revealing , but Malin pointed out that most of that information can be gathered far more simply and by cheaper means than DNA analysis .
He demonstrated that , as he put it , “ demographic data is pretty much available through public means . ”
It is fairly easy to figure out an average person 's sex , race , age , employment status , location , and income from the Internet , phone books , or public records .
As for familial history , he showed examples from unrestricted sources like obituaries that gave detailed information about a person ’s family .
People can also be identified based on shared clinical diagnosis codes , and people ’s habits like hospital visitation patterns are also vulnerable to data miners .
None of this requires the help of DNA databases .
Overall , privacy concerns are not unique to genomic research , as there are so many ways to breach an individual ’s privacy .
But one factor that makes DNA data special is its potential as an indicator for disease risks and possibly other characteristics , such as intelligence .
To prevent companies and governments from exploiting DNA data , the panelists agreed that there needs to be a new governance system .
Proposals for Improvement
In creating a new governance system , Clayton warned that “ we need to pay attention to the enormous pressure of data sharing .
Once data gets to a researcher , it has to be shared . ”
Thus , it is impractical to simply outlaw data sharing .
Malin suggested three key steps : threat modeling , access control , and disclosure control .
First , it is important to fully comprehend the negative impact of the illicit disclosure of DNA data .
Second , employees must be vetted and required to sign a data use agreement .
In addition , an operations advisory board or institutional review board should only grant access to employees on a project - specific basis .
Third , a board should not give away all the information .
The third point relates to modifying the data before it is shared .
For example , there is no need to be completely specific in saving clinical data — instead of saying a man broke his left big toe , it 's often equally useful to just say he has a broken toe .
It is also possible to package the DNA data differently .
Malin proposed perturbing the sequence of DNA to generalize the data , while allowing it to retain the necessary information for most forms of analysis .
People have also developed algorithms to unlink patient data from their identity .
Koenig and Clayton both stressed the importance of ethical overview and developing an adequate punishment system for breaches of privacy .
Besides losing funding ( the typical current disciplinary action ) , Clayton suggested something stronger .
“ People at Vanderbilt get fired for privacy infringement .
We have real punch . ”
The panelists were articulate and informative in revealing the pitfalls of current policies , and they provided outlines to address some of the problems .
Yet , it is still difficult to imagine what a robust system of governance would look like .
Concrete details were elusive and , when one considers that DNA identification is a multinational issue ( other countries are also collecting and sharing genomic data ) , perhaps the only certainty is that the present system of regulations is insufficient .
Listing image by DNA Initiative
I am the kind of person who takes 30 minutes to an hour to fall asleep , most nights .
Falling asleep is an ordeal for me ( unless I ’m completely exhausted ) .
Do n’t get me wrong – it ’s not an unpleasant ordeal … there are worse things in life than lying in bed .
But I truly envy those people who can just put their head on a pillow and drift off within moments .
Oh , such bliss … not for me .
I will lie in bed , awake , forever thinking and rethinking whatever happens to be on my mind at the time .
Because of this , I always thought that power napping was not for me .
After all , power naps are supposed to last about 20 minutes , and you do n’t need to be a maths genius to realise that if it takes you at least half an hour to fall asleep , 20 minutes wo n’t be enough .
So , therefore , I thought , since I can’t fall asleep quickly , I ca n’t nap .
Fortunately for me , I was completely wrong about this .
Napping is n’t sleeping
The reason I was wrong is , napping is not sleeping .
To get the benefit of a refreshing power nap , you do n’t need to fall asleep .
It ’s enough to relax yourself and let your thoughts drift off , even while remaining mostly awake .
If you can do this properly ( it does take some practice ) , you can power nap even if you find it impossible to fall asleep quickly .
I learned how to nap when I was starting my first start - up , while still working full time at Accenture .
It was a pretty hard time for me , and I was constantly tired .
Learning to nap allowed me to keep performing in both my job ( during the daytime ) and my start - up ( in the morning and evening ) , despite my chronic lack of sleep .
It ’s great to be able to magically transition from a state of mind - numbing exhaustion into a fresh , wakeful mind , in just 20 minutes .
Pzizz
The way I learned to nap was with a tool called Pzizz .
What Pzizz does is to generate soundtracks for your nap .
They use a fancy thing called a binaural beat , combined with a hypnotherapy track , to help pull you into the depth of a good nap .
When I tried Pzizz , I discovered , to my surprise , that I could listen to it for 15 , 20 minutes , while sitting on a bench ( or hiding in the toilet at work ) , and when it was over , I felt completely refreshed , ready to face several more hours of work .
All I needed was to have one of those tracks on my iPod , and bingo – I could gain the benefit of naps even though , as I knew , it was impossible for me to nap .
Pzizz without the Pzizz
Fast forward a couple of years .
I do n’t use Pzizz anymore , but I now nap up to three , four times a day , whenever I feel a wave of drowsiness overpowering me .
After quitting my Accenture job , I went through a phase where I tried to nap without Pzizz .
At first , what I found is that most of my naps were refreshing , but not as refreshing as if I ’d used Pzizz .
But the important difference from before I ’d tried Pzizz was that I knew what I was aiming for .
With practice , I eventually got my Pzizz - less naps to be just as effective as they ’d been with Pzizz – better , even , since now I do n’t need to wear headphones or listen to a distracting voice while napping .
Now , I can nap in almost any position where I can relax ( lying across two chairs mostly works , though I still much prefer a couch or a bed ) .
I can even nap in a relatively noisy environment ( so long as the noise is n’t someone speaking ) .
Within 20 minutes , I will drift off to a zone where I do n’t feel like I ’m asleep , but my brain is actually pretty much in the REM zone ( it feels like dreaming awake ) .
After those 20 minutes , my alarm clock will wake me up , feeling refreshed , and that feeling lasts for up to several hours .
As a final step , I ’m now practicing napping without an alarm clock .
It ’s going well so far .
So , what should you do to learn to nap ?
I think most people should be able to get from “ completely unable to nap ” to “ can nap in most circumstances ” within a few months .
It took me about 6 months to get it consistently right without any hypnotic tracks , earplugs , or other aides .
The hardest hurdle to get across is , I believe , just realising that napping is n’t sleeping , and that you can learn to nap even if it takes you ages to fall asleep .
Hopefully this article got that point across .
Next , you need to learn what to aim for .
Until you ’ve had a successful nap - like experience , it ’s pretty hard to practice it .
The way I learned that was with Pzizz .
You may find different , perhaps better ways to learn that ( please do share them in the comments ) .
Some ideas include meditation classes and hypnotherapy recordings .
There are also a number of binaural beat applications on the iPhone , including some free ones , but I have n’t yet found one that worked to my satisfaction ( that said , I have n’t looked that hard ) .
The best way I can describe the feeling of napping is that you lie down or sit somewhere , and first focus on relaxing .
Relax your muscle groups one by one , from your neck all the way down to your toes .
Take a good minute or two to do this properly .
Then finally you relax your thoughts .
Let them drift off .
It ’s important to gently nudge those thoughts towards more relaxing topics – you wo n’t nap very well if you ’re rehearsing a conversation with the boss – but at the same time , they need to largely drift on their own .
Keep your eyes closed , your body relaxed , and let your thoughts meander from subject to subject without much order .
Once you ’ve learned what to aim for , it ’s just a matter of practicing it .
It takes time ( you can only nap a few times each day ! ) , but it ’s very rewarding .
Some final thoughts on napping
First of all , do n’t go over your 20 minute target .
You may find that your target window is slightly shorter or slightly longer , but whatever you do do n’t over - sleep .
This is a good article on the subject .
When your alarm clock rings , get up , even if you feel drowsy for the first few moments .
If you stay down , you risk going from the REM sleep mode into slow - wave sleep , which would require you to stay in bed for 90 - 120 minutes before your sleep cycle is complete .
If you get up , the drowsiness will vanish in a minute or two .
So , paradoxically , napping longer makes you drowsy , not rested .
With 3 - 4 power naps through the day , I ’ve found that I could , on occasion , drastically reduce my need for sleep .
I ’ve done it for a week or two at a time , basically sleeping only about 2 - 4 hours a night , without any apparent ill - effects during the day .
I ’m still undecided as to whether that ’s something that I can or want to pursue as a longer term lifestyle change .
Polyphasic sleep has its benefits and its drawbacks .
Another point worth highlighting is that napping is not just a cure for drowsiness .
It ’s also simply a way to make yourself more alert .
And , importantly , it works , and feels , far better than any caffeinated drink .
If you have a choice between drinking a strong coffee or having a 20 minute nap , always take the nap – you ’ll feel more alert and smarter after the nap , and its after - effects will last longer .
Finally , the Wakemate guys inform me that it is also possible to do a 90 - 120 minute nap , which goes through a full sleep cycle .
The difficulty there is to get the wake - up time right .
Apparently their product should be able to help with that .
We ’ll see ( I ’m signed up to get a unit when they ship ! ) …
In summary
TL ;DR ?
Here ’s the Cliff notes :
You do n’t have to actually fall asleep to nap – it ’s enough to drift off to a half - sleep state
– it ’s enough to drift off to a half - sleep state Even if it normally takes you 30 + minutes to fall asleep , you can benefit from 20 minute power naps
First , learn what you ’re aiming for , for example by using something like pzizz
, for example by using something like pzizz
Then , practice reproducing that feeling – plan for a few months before you get good at it
– plan for a few months before you get good at it Do n’t over - sleep when power - napping , it will only make you feel groggy
Good luck with your napping !
I would love to hear your comments below , especially if you have more tips for people who are trying to learn to nap .
SHAMED BOYS
The president claimed to not know who the group his own FBI has deemed “ extremist ” actually is .
You ’ve got your components , and your datasheet , and you ’re read to start hacking .
But which way does the chip go ?
Pin 23 is where ?
If you ’re lucky , the orientation is clearly marked , or perhaps diagrammed in the datasheet .
But if it is n’t , or if you ’re simply new at this , it ’s helpful to know what to look for .
In the picture above , pin 1 is clearlymarked on the Allen - Bradley resistor pack .
And for better or worse , this is the exception , not the rule .
Here is a basic rule that applies for mostintegrated circuits :
There ’s a polarity mark somewhere .
From that polarity mark , move counterclockwise around the chip , and number the pins starting at 1 .
A common polarity marker is a half - moon shape at one end of the chip .
Another is a small dot by pin 1 , or sometimes a small triangle or tab instead .
Sometimes several of these marks can appear .
Often pin 1 is in a corner of the chip , and it ’s only that corner — not the pin itself – that is marked by the small circle or triangle .
In this sketch , we ’ve drawn an imaginary part number “ THX1138D , ” manufactured in week 37 of 2013 , and it has a mysterious lot or internal code “ OHAI ” that may or may not be explained in the datasheet .
The polarity marks are a half - moon indentation on the left hand side as well as a dot by pin 1 .
This device has 20 pins , numbered counterclockwise along the two edges from 1 to 20 .
As we ’ll see , there are plenty of examples of this , or close variations on it .
But there are also cases where there are * no* direct marks , but you can instead rely on the orientation of the text to understand the numbering .
The text orientation is consistent , and for chips of this shape ( with pins on two opposite sides ) , you can reliably assume that the polarity mark goes to the left of the text .
Here are some classic and beautiful examples of chips with well - marked polarity .
These are “ ceramic DIP ” integrated circuit packages , dated from the end of 1978 .
Each has a molded half - moon shape as well as a more subtle dot by pin 1 .
This is a modern higher - density variation on the same design .
It ’s a wide , low - profile plastic package called a 66 - pin TSSOP ( and a 128 M bit DDR SDRAM , if you ’re curious ) .
The orientation is given by the half - moon shape on the left hand side and by the dot in the lower left corner .
Now , that dot actually looks like it ’s closer to pin 2 than to pin 1 – Again , the marker often labels the corner where pin 1 lives , not the individual pin .
This 74HC245D “ octal bus transceiver ” chip from NXP has the half - moon shape on the left hand side , plus a slightly more unusual polarity marking feature .
The entire front edge of the chip– the edge containing pin 1 –is slightly beveled .
And now here is a chip that has less of a “ direct ” indication of its orientations – no dot or half - moon shape .
As we discussed earlier , you can rely on the orientation of the text in cases like this , and imagine an effective polarity mark on the left hand side of the chip .
Pin 1 is on the lower left hand side .
If you look very closely , you ’ll see that there is one additional polarity marking feature , in that this chip also has a very slightly beveled front edge .
This is a somewhat unusual seven - yes - seven pin DIP chip .
It ’s a neat little solid - state relay capable of switching small loads on AC line voltage ( 0.9 A at up to 240 VAC ) from a low - voltage digital input .
Presumably , it has seven pins so that you ca n’t put it in backwards .
This chip also relies on a combination of text orientation and a bevel at the side with pin 1 .
Careful :
That apparent “ dot ” is not a polarity indicator ; pin 1 is still at the corner of the chip .
Here ’s one more variation .
There ’s a printed bar on the left hand side of this chip to act as a polarity indicator , taking the place of the half - moon shape .
Here ’s one that we get asked about quite often : A 17 - segment alphanumeric display .
LED displays can be pretty baffling , because the pin 1 location is not explicitly marked , and there ’s no half - moon shape or other obvious polarity marker .
However , the label itselfis a polarity marker and it ’s important to remember that .
Edit :
We initially had written down that these follow the label - orientation rule , but that turns out not to be the case .
While you ’d normally expect that the pin to the left of the label would start at pin 1 , this device ( and apparently some other alphanumeric / 7 - segment displays ) follows a convention where pin 1 is in the upper left of the display– opposite the decimal point .
That ’s a big “ +1 ” for checking the datasheet !
Here ’s a 5×7 LED matrix display .
You can sort of make out marks on the back side beneath the epoxy , so it ’s tempting to look for orientation hints there , but these types do normally follow the label - orientation rule .
When you orient the part such that you can read the label , the effective polarity mark is on the left - hand side .
In the left photo , where the display is upright and the label is visible , pin 1 is beneath the lower - left corner .
In the right photo , where the label is visible but the part is upside down , pin 1 is visible on the lower - right hand corner .
Sometimes you ’ll come across very different looking chips with very obvious polarity markers .
This chip from Agilent has a gold stripe on the upper left hand corner .
Sometimes a chip has a notched corner to indicate where pin 1 lives .
The white silkscreen on the circuit board shows an exaggerated picture of this notching , by the lower - left corner .
The 486 is a good example of a chip with a notched corner , while the 68030 has a gold stripe to indicate pin 1 .
This Broadcom chip has a dot by the corner with pin 1 , but that ’s a pretty subtle mark .
If your chip is already mounted to a board , that can provide some better information to verify the orientation .
For example , pin 1 of this chip is also marked by a white dot on the circuit board , and the other three corners have a mark , as though those corners were un-notched .
Here ’s another chip that ’s somewhat ambiguous .
Pin 1 is clearly marked with an arrow on the circuit board .
If the chip were loose it would be a little less clear because not only is there a dot by pin 1 , but there is also apparently a dot by the opposite corner .
It may be just a coincidental mold mark , but it ’s still potentially confusing .
And here , a simple dot to indicate the orientation .
This is far from an exhaustive list , but is meant to show off some of the common ways that chip orientation is differentiated .
If you have corrections or links to other interesting chips , we ’d welcome them in the comments .
ACTOR Robert Hughes could have a potential criminal case against him thrown out of court because of the media frenzy surrounding the Hey Dad !
sex scandal , a legal expert has warned .
Greg Barns , a director of the Australian Lawyers Alliance , said it was possible a judge might find Hughes unable to receive a fair trial .
Hey Dad ! ... Robert Hughes as Martin and Sarah Monahan as Jenny in the hit show .
Hughes , now 61 and living in Singapore , has been accused of inappropriately touching young actor Sarah Monahan and other females associated with the popular sitcom , which ran from 1987 to 1994 , in which he played the lead .
When approached by an A Current Affair reporter in Singapore last week , Hughes said he '' categorically ' ' denied all the allegations and had engaged defamation lawyers .
The big theme at Microsoft 's MIX10 developer conference today was developing for Windows Phone 7 Series , and key to this was the new Silverlight 4 .
For the first time , Microsoft showed off third - party applications for the forthcoming phone platform , and talked about how third - party applications integrate with the platform .
Silverlight is becoming increasingly widely available for the browser , with Microsoft claiming 60 percent of all Internet devices now support it ( up from 45 percent in October last year ) .
The new version , available as a Release Candidate today with a final version next month , boasts new features to make it more useful for developing both in - browser and standalone applications , including support for microphones and webcams , printing , and the clipboard .
Silverlight 4 is of pivotal importance to Windows Phone 7 Series development .
Windows
Phones will not just run something like Silverlight 4 — they will run Silverlight 4 , exactly the same as desktops do .
Likewise , for games , developers will be able to use the same XNA development tools that they can already use to create Windows and Xbox360 games , allowing deployment on Windows Phone 7 Series devices with minimal changes .
Both Silverlight 4 and XNA will be fully hardware - accelerated on Windows Phone 7 Series phones , so Silverlight applications will have smooth scrolling and transitions , and XNA games will support proper 3D environments of the kind already familiar to PC and Xbox gamers .
Making Windows
Phone use Silverlight means that the tens of thousands of existing Silverlight developers automatically have the capabilities to develop Windows Phone applications , using the concepts and software already familiar to them .
This is in significant contrast to Windows Mobile development ; Windows Mobile used a cut - down version of the Windows API , and .NET on Windows Mobile was similarly cut - down .
For Windows Phone 7
Series , there 's no cutting down .
It 's the same software environment .
The utility of Silverlight 4 is set to grow ; Redmond recently announced Silverlight for Symbian , and Microsoft has also signed an agreement with Intel to commit to delivering Silverlight on Intel 's Moblin .
This in turn should , eventually , allow those other platforms to be targeted as well .
Little was shown of the Windows Phone platform that was n't previously revealed last month at Mobile World Congress .
The major design points — the tiles on the Start screen , the use of the sideways scrolling / panning metaphor to drill down into data , and the use of various hubs to organize and consolidate data — had already been demonstrated .
Finer details of the user interaction were described in more detail .
For example , throughout the interface a heart motif is used for setting and removing favorite status , a normal heart to make something a favorite , a broken heart to revoke that status .
This is used extensively ; to remove a tile from the Start screen , you click its broken heart and it disappears .
Similarly , applications can have an App Bar at the bottom of the screen to provide direct access to common tasks , and , by expanding the App Bar , access to less common features .
This will provide consistent access to features in a way that 's more accessible than Windows Mobile 's use of menus .
It 's the apps , stupid !
In keeping with MIX 's status as a developer convention , what we learned most about today was how applications can integrate with the OS , the tools used to do this development , and how applications can achieve the same look and feel as the OS itself .
Application authors will have few restrictions on the appearance of their applications .
The development environment provides all the tools to create applications that look like the OS for those tasks where this is appropriate , but it wo n't be compulsory .
Most of the Silverlight demos , such as a news reading application from the AP and a Windows Phone version of Shazam , did indeed retain the platform look and feel , using the sideways scrolling " Panoramic " concept and slick transitions between screens .
A few apps , however , opted to break with the conventions entirely .
A diary / journal application was shown off , which opted for a paper - like representation ( complete with animated page turning ) .
Applications can integrate into the existing hubs , so that they 're readily accessible from the place that makes most sense , rather than just in a big long list ( as is the case in the current Windows Mobile and the iPhone ) .
For example , image - manipulation programs were launched from and accessed through the pictures hub , and Shazam was part of the Music +
Video hub .
This means that even with third - party applications , the data hubs are still the primary front - end to user data ; users do n't have to learn new ways to access their data from applications — instead , it 's a seamless experience .
Push notifications were also demonstrated , allowing applications to register for notifications that are delivered even if the application is n't running — clicking a notification will start the application .
The actual notifications are routed through a Microsoft notification service that will provide all such notifications , and will be free to developers to use .
Monetizing applications is important to many .
The AP application included ads ( a rather offensive , full - screen ad in which a car drove over the content , creating a user experience as annoying as is common on the Web ) , and applications sold through Microsoft 's Marketplace will be able to offer trial modes , without requiring the development of separate versions .
A range of options were described ; a trial might be time - limited , or disable certain features , or ( in a game ) only allow access to the first few levels .
This provides a try - before - you - buy capability not presently available for the iPhone .
One model not supported , at least initially , is in -application commerce .
Games wo n't be able to offer downloadable content , for example , though Microsoft recognizes the value of this and a future version of the platform should include such a capability .
Key questions remained unanswered : we still do n't know what multitasking , if any , will be available to third - party applications , and though the company says that Marketplace will be the one way to make applications available to end users , there should be some ( as - yet undisclosed ) way for organizations to offer applications internally to a limited user set .
Backwards compatibility with Windows Mobile will be nonexistent , but there 's a twist ; because Silverlight 4 is compatible with Silverlight 3 , developers will be able to use existing Silverlight code .
And in fact , the first release of Windows Phone 7 Series will be using an extended Silverlight 3 ( with additional features to allow the use of phone hardware like accelerometers ) , with full Silverlight 4 in a future version .
The company also reiterated that there will be no access to native code development , consistent with previously leaked documentation .
Silverlight and XNA are the only options for application developers .
This poses an interesting issue for Adobe : Microsoft confirmed that the company has no fundamental problem with the idea of a Flash runtime on Windows Phone , but for Adobe do to this , it would have to develop its Flash virtual machine to run on Microsoft 's Silverlight virtual machine .
This seems unappealing , and it 's unclear exactly how Adobe will respond .
The development environment has three applications ; the Visual Studio 2010 for Windows Phone Silverlight development environment , the Expression Blend 4 for Windows Phone design tool , and the XNA Studio 4.0 for Windows Phone game development environment .
All are freely available , both now ( in their beta and release candidate forms ) and in the future .
Developing for Windows
Phone will always be free .
The pre-releases are available to download right now .
The development tools look good .
They all contain a full emulator for Windows Phone ; this is no mere simulator , but the full Windows Phone operating system running within a virtual machine .
Applications can be deployed and debugged either in the emulator or over USB to an attached Windows Phone .
The emulator is fully featured ; even multitouch is possible as long as it's being run on a Windows 7 PC with a multitouch screen .
Though most applications being demonstrated were run on real phone hardware , a few applications used the emulator , and it provided an authentic alternative .
Overall , Windows Phone 7
Series is shaping up to be an attractive platform for both users and developers alike .
High quality applications are a key part of the value proposition of smartphones , and though Windows Mobile has certainly had plenty of applications , their quality has been decidedly variable .
From what 's been shown so far , rich , capable , well - designed applications should be the norm for Windows Phone .
I won the very first raffle prize of my life at the Index on Censorship awards in London last night – a framed poem by the former poet laureate Sir Andrew Motion , written for the occasion and in his own hand .
Although the copyright remains his , I hope he wo n't mind if I reproduce the poem in honour of the occasion and the extraordinary bravery these awards mark .
To hear the stories of people who have fought for freedom of expression and suffered for it in such places as Azerbaijan , Belarus , Iran , Turkey , Cuba and Israel reminds me of the extraordinary luxury that we have in this country where someone like me can make a risk - free , pain - free living from saying pretty much what he pleases .
These days it is a privilege we have to guard , as Heather Brooke , the journalist who was commended for uncovering the scandal of MPs ' expenses , reminded us .
The Google - sponsored evening was a big success for Index , which has been energised by the arrival of John Kampfner as chief executive , a revamped online presence and new publishers for Jo Glanville 's beautifully produced Index magazine .
However , there was something that stuck in my throat and that was the comedians ' contribution to the evening , especially that of Natalie Haynes , who thought the best demonstration of free speech was to say the word " cunt " a dozen times .
I suppose I see the point , and I do n't wish to deny anyone the right to say it , but it just seemed a bit undignified in front of people who had suffered arrest and persecution for exercising their right to express themselves on crucial political issues of freedom .
Perhaps the fact that this highly intelligent and articulate woman could n't think of much else to say to be funny underlines the privileged circumstances of a free society .
Anyway here is Andrew Motion 's poem – I hope I have transcribed it correctly .
Watain is a Swedish Black Metal band , formed in Uppsala , Sweden in 1998 .
To date they have released six full - length albums , as well as three live albums and a number of demos and EPs .
Their most recent album Trident Wolf Eclipse was released on January 5 , 2018 through Century Media .
The band have become infamous for their Satanist views , their live shows which involve pyrotechnics , animal carcasses , as well as a show in Boston in which they doused audience members in animal blood .
The band 's name is taken from a recording written by the American black metal group Von .
Accordin… read more
The San Diego Source | The Daily Transcript is San Diego 's only information company offering business news , data and resources daily and hourly .
We report on San Diego business finance and the San Diego economy , real estate construction , the U.S. military in San Diego , and San Diego government construction bids
In a sign of possible differences among top military officials , Army and Air Force chiefs voiced concern Tuesday about ending a ban on gays serving openly in the armed forces while the country is in the middle of two wars .
Army Gen. George W. Casey Jr. and Air Force Gen. Norton A. Schwartz both told Congress that they supported the Pentagon ’s plan to spend a year studying a change in the policy that allows gays to serve only as long as they keep their preferences hidden .
However , both generals were mum about their own views on gays in the military , and neither followed the lead of Adm.
Michael G. Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , who this month said gays should be allowed to serve openly .
The appearances by Schwartz and Casey will be followed Wednesday by those of Adm. Gary Roughead , the chief of naval operations , and Gen. James Conway , the Marine commandant .
Lawmakers and advocates are carefully watching the congressional testimony , trying to gauge where the various service chiefs stand on the issue of gays in the military as a barometer for the eventual outcome .
Opponents of the ban , including President Obama and many congressional Democrats , want to quickly overturn it .
However , backers of the ban , including some congressional Republicans , are looking to military officials for possible support for keeping the policy in place .
Casey and Schwartz carefully followed a middle path outlined in recent months by Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates , who supports Obama ’s call to end the ban but wants any change to be made slowly and studied carefully .
Obama said in his State of the Union address in January that he wanted the 17 - year - old policy known as “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” rescinded this year .
Military officials this month said they intended to spend the year on a study to assess the effects of a policy change .
Appearing before the Senate Armed Services Committee , Casey said he had reservations about the effect of a change on deployed troops .
“ I do have serious concerns about the impact of repeal of the law on a force that is fully engaged in two wars and has been at war for 8 1/2 years , ” Casey said .
“ We just do n’t know the impacts on readiness and military effectiveness . ”
“ Exactly , ” murmured Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) .
Appearing at the same time before the House Armed Services Committee , Schwartz said there were few reliable surveys about what airmen and their families thought of the policy .
Schwartz acknowledged that Obama had stated he wanted the law to be changed but said potential “ complications ” should be examined first .
“ This is not the time to perturb the force that is , at the moment , stretched by demands in Iraq and Afghanistan and elsewhere without careful deliberation , ” Schwartz said .
As part of the 1993 law creating the “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” policy , the Pentagon is required to remove service members accused of being gay or admitting so .
More than 14,000 service members have been booted out for those reasons .
Sen. Carl Levin ( D - Mich . ) , chairman of the Armed Services Committee , may push for a congressional moratorium on discharges during the Pentagon ’s study .
But McCain , the ranking Republican on the committee , said that the moratorium would circumvent the purpose of the study .
On Monday , Army Gen. Ray Odierno , the top commander in Iraq , voiced his support for the Pentagon policy study .
But unlike Casey , Odierno voiced personal support for changing the policy .
“ My opinion is everyone should be allowed to serve , as long as we ’re still able to fight our wars and we ’re able to have forces that are capable of doing whatever we ’re asked to do , ” Odierno said .
But in a reflection of the complex military thinking on the issue , Odierno , like Casey , said his primary concern was for troops serving in combat .
“ We ’re in two wars right now .
So I want to see it done properly , ” Odierno said .
julian.barnes@latimes.com
We 've had only tantalizingly brief ( or is it briefly tantalizing ? ) chances to see LG 's glorious OLED television , but each and every time it 's left us with the feeling that our lives are poorer for not having one in our homes .
Sure , that says as much about our tech addiction as it does about the 3 mm - thick displays , but at least the deep - pocketed among us wo n't have to wait too much longer to sate the need for 10,000,000:1 contrast ratios and 0.001 ms response times .
LG has announced it 'll be bringing it 's 15 - inch OLED panel to Europe this May ( to be swiftly followed by summer availability in the US ) with a hefty MSRP sticker of € 1,999 ( $ 2,725 ) for the Austrian market .
Nobody ever said the cutting edge was gonna be a cheap place to live .
The website What ’s Playing broke the news a few weeks ago that there was a remake afoot of the Rick Moranis - starring 1989 comedy hit ( this was one of the three films that Moranis had in the US box office top 20 at the same time , fact fans ) .
It ’s not going to be a direct sequel , apparently , which is hardly surprisingly considering that Rick Moranis has retired from acting .
But it ’s a project that ’s nonetheless reportedly in quiet development .
THE HOWLING
The plans to reboot The Howling as a horror franchise are reportedly under way , with Joe Nimziki writing and directing .
The working title is The Howling Reborn , and the original plan was to get it finished this year .
We ’re not quite sure how that plan is going right now , though …
JACK RYAN
A third reboot for the Jack Ryan film franchise since Alec Baldwin first took the role in The Hunt For Red October , Paramount is predictably looking to go younger with its next version .
With that in mind , Star Trek ‘s Chris Pine has already been cast in the role , and this time it wo n’t be a Tom Clancy novel forming the foundations of the story .
Instead , an original screenplay has been commissioned , which is now being rewritten by Adam Cozad .
Paramount will presumably be keen to get this one moving sooner rather than later .
JURASSIC PARK
It ’s still not entirely clear whether the planned three more Jurassic Park films that JP3 directorJoe Johnston hinted at recently form a full - on reboot of the franchise , but it ’s not a wild suggestion that that ’s the case .
Jurassic Park 4 is , of course , a film that ’s had more than its fair share of false starts , and Johnston himself will be occupied with The First Avenger : Captain America for the next 18 months or so .
But after that ?
The man seems keen to walk with the dinosaurs once more .
Spielberg is unlikely to direct a Jurassic Park film again , though .
LET THE RIGHT ONE IN
Cloverfield helmer Matt Reeves has signed on to do the Hollywood remake of the hugely acclaimed Let The Right One In , and he ’ll be both writing and directing the film .
The cast for the US version has been revealed too , with Richard Jenkins , Kodi Smit - McPhee and Hit - Girl herself , Chloe Moretz , on board .
The US version will be called ‘ Let Me In ’ , and the film has an October release date .
MONSTER SQUAD
Serial - remaker Platinum Dunes has got its teeth stuck into a new version of The Monster Squad .
The 1987 original was directed by Fred Dekker and produced by Rob Cohen , and Cohen is on board this new version too .
Platinum Dunes is currently hunting for an appropriate screenwriter for the project .
MR & MRS SMITH
Odd one , this , and we ’re not sure how much substance there is to it .
However , Fox is reportedly planning to reboot Mr & Mrs Smith with a younger , 20 - something pair of actors who will play the agents having to set up a fake marriage .
It ’d be a side story to the one that made it to the big screen with Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie on board , but that would also make it a lot cheaper .
No formal announcement has been made , although Akiva Goldsman is reportedly attached to produce the film .
MR VENGEANCE
Chan -wook Park ’s Sympathy For Mr Vengeance is getting the Hollywood remake treatment , with Brian Tucker having written the script for the America version .
There ’s no word yet on a director , although plenty of producers seem attached to the project .
A 2012 release is mooted .
NATIONAL LAMPOON’S VACATION
New Line is looking to bring the National Lampoon ’s Vacation franchise back to life , and is working on a sequel of sorts about a road trip that will bring Chevy Chase back , but in a grandfather role .
The new film is being written by Jonathan Goldstein and John Francis Daley , and David Dobkin – of Wedding Crashers fame – is producing and possibly directing .
THE NEVERENDING STORY
2012 is when , if all goes to plan , we ’ll be seeing the reboot of The NeverEnding Story .
Frank Marshall is attached to produce the film , although there seems little evidence of a screenplay coming together as of yet .
The rights were believed to be causing a problem , which may have thrown a spanner in the proverbial works .
NIKITA
Luc Besson ’s original film La Femme Nikita has already inspired a Hollywood remake starring Bridget Fonda , and a spin - off TV series .
Now ?
The CW is rebooting the TV show , and is putting together a pilot episode that will star Maggie Q in the title role .
The basic premise will see the show set after the first Nikita TV show , with a new candidate being trained up after the last one went rogue .
THE ORPHANAGE
Acclaimed horror film The Orphanage , produced by Guillermo del Toro , is getting an English language redo , and Mark Pellington is the man set to direct it .
Pellington ’s credits include The Mothman Prophecies , U2 3D and the underrated Arlington Road , and he ’s working from a script from Larry Fessenden and del Toro .
The project is currently in pre-production , pending release in 2011 .
OVERBOARD
The 80s comedy vehicle for Kurt Russell and Goldie Hawn is being prepped for remake treatment .
The project is still at the writing stage , and at one stage Jennifer Lopez was linked to it .
Sony will be looking to get the film into cinemas , ideally , next year if it can .
PET SEMETARY
Stephen King ’s novel is inspiring another film version , this time with Matt Greenberg on scripting duties .
Greenberg was the man who penned the moderately - interesting 1408 ( also based on a King book ) , with Lorenzi di Bonaventura producing .
It may yet make it for a 2011 release .
THE PHANTOM TOLLBOOTH
Now here ’s an odd one .
Gary Ross had been linked with directing a Venom spin - off movie for Sony , after he ’d finished script work on the cancelled Spider - Man 4 .
But his attention may instead be turning to a 1970 Chuck Jones animated film by the name of The Phantom Tollbooth .
We ’ve not seen the original , but it sounds really quite interesting , and Ross ’ take on the material will see a mix of live action and animation to bring the world to life .
It ’s still in the early stages , and it ’s attached to Warner Bros .
PLANET OF THE APES
The last attempt to reboot the Planet Of The Apes franchise hardly went to plan , but that ’s not stopped Fox from investigating another attempt .
The current status of the next Apes film is that Jamie Moss ( Street Kings ) has been hired to rework a script by Scott Frank ( Minority Report ) .
There ’s no director attached at the moment , given that Frank was set to take on helming duties before a fresh writer was hired .
But work continues on the script for the time being .
POLICE ACADEMY
Producer Paul Maslansky has confirmed that he ’s working on a fresh Police Academy movie that will bring in a new collection of ( cheaper ) recruits .
It seems he ’s looking to kickstart the franchise once more , but he ’s now talking about bringing back some of the familiar faces from the original series too to tutor the new cadets .
No word yet on when it ’s going into production , but Maslansky seems keen to get cracking .
Police Academy reboot to bring in original cast ?
PORKY’S
Howard Stern has been linked with a remake of Porky ’s for a year or two now , and work has been done on the script for the new version .
The aim is still to get the film before the cameras this year , with Stern as a consulting producer , to get it in cinemas in 2011 .
The formal green light has not yet been forthcoming , though .
RED DAWN
This one ’s already in post - production , pending a release on 24th November of this year .
Dan Bradley has directed a cast that includes Chris Hemsworth , Jeffrey Dean Morgan and Adrianne Palicki .
Here ’s hoping they have n’t screwed it up …
ROBOCOP
Even though the project has been stuck in limbo for some time , plans are still afoot to bringRobocop back to the big screen .
Darren Aronofsky is apparently still interested in making the film , but nobody can move forward until the ownership issues surrounding MGM have been resolved .
That ’s likely to be sorted in the coming weeks , given that bids for the studio are now being submitted .
Once the new owner is known , then expect Robocop to stomp his way back into cinemas .
ROCKFORD
NBC ’s reboot of The Rockford Files is at the pilot episode stage , with Dermot Mulroney taking the lead role .
Also on board is Alan Tudyk , and the pilot is set to shoot first , with the aim clearly of getting a full season commission .
ROMANCING THE STONE
One of the assorted properties from its back catalogue that 20th Century Fox is investigating a new take on , the latest we have on the planned new version of Romancing The Stone is that Robert Luketic has been linked with the director ’s chair ( he helmed Legally Blonde , The Ugly Truth and 21 ) , and that there ’s a loose 2011 planned release , which we ’d be surprised if the film hit .
We ’ll keep you posted .
THE SHADOW
Attempt two to turn
The Shadow into a movie franchise sees Sam Raimi producing and original director Russell Mulcahy nowhere near it .
It ’s unlikely that Raimi will direct , given that he ’s circling the World Of Warcraft movie , yet David Slade may well be in line too .
Slade is finishing up Twilight : Eclipse , and he ’s previously given the world Hard Candy and 30 Days Of Night .
SHORT CIRCUIT
The return of Johnny Five to the big screen is still in development , with Steve Carr attached to direct the film .
Carr helmed Paul Blart : Mall Cop for Sony , and the new Short Circuit film has been penned by Dan Milano .
The plan is to have it in cinemas in 2011 .
SIX PACK
We ’d never heard of the original , to be fair , which starred Kenny Rogers in the lead role .
The film is about a race driver who suddenly finds himself in charge of six kids .
Do n’t ask how , but Facebook is bound to be involved somewhere in the remake .
20th Century Fox is the studio behind this one and , interestingly , David Gordon Green is writing and directing .
He ’s the man who brought the world The Pineapple Express .
No word on when production begins , but this one seems to have a better chance than most of happening .
SPAWN
The first movie that spun out of Todd McFarlane ’s Spawn was , if we ’re being charitable , not very good at all .
However , that ’s not stopped him pressing ahead with an attempt to reboot the cinematic franchise , and this time , he ’s going down the indie route .
McFarlane has apparently nearly finished the script , and is then planning to make the film on a tight budget .
Watch this space .
SPIDER-MAN
We ’re guessing you know about this one already .
Sony abandoned its plans to make a costly Spider - Man 4 with director Sam Raimi in favour of a rebooted franchise with ( 500 ) Days Of Summer helmer Marc Webb in charge .
The modest $ 80 m budget probably helped sway the decision , too .
The casting for the new Spider - Man is yet to be announced , with any young Hollywood actor with pubic hair seemingly linked to it at some point .
But Sony is targeting a summer 2012 release date .
SPY KIDS
Robert Rodriguez belted out three Spy Kids movies in fairly quick time , each of which went on to be a fairly sizeable hit .
It ’s been many years since he ’s been near the films , though , but it ’s now confirmed that a new Spy Kids movie is being lined up for release next year .
It ’s a full on reboot , with new kids coming into the cast too .
It ’s set for release on August 19th 2011 .
SUPERMAN
Warner Bros finally seems to have worked out what to do with the Superman franchise , and it ’s appointed Dark Knight helmer Christopher Nolan to act in a ‘ godfather ’ role for the cinematic franchise .
Jonathan Nolan and David Goyer are working on a script for the new film , with the former also linked with the director ’s chair .
But we ’re guessing Christopher Nolan ’s next Batmanfilm will still take immediate priority .
Superman could be back in cinemas for 2013 , though .
SUSPICION
Reports circulated earlier this year that a remake of Alfred Hitchcock ’s Suspicion had been set up , and was attracting the attention of Will Smith .
Smith has been linked with producing duties and a starring role , but that ’s all we have on the project thus far .
TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES
The animated TMNT had a decent stab , but hardly brought the Turtles back to their big screen glory days .
That ’s not discouraged another attempt to do so , though , with The Mirage Group working away at a new live action adventure .
It ’s going to be the origins story that the new film focuses on , and Peter Laird – the co-creator of the Turtles – is also involved .
Rumours suggest we might not have to endure entirely CGI turtles , too .
The plan was to get the film out in 2011 , although that may yet prove a little optimistic .
TEEN WOLF
The Michael J
Fox classic movie is heading for the small screen , with MTV casting Tyler Posey in the title role this time around .
The pilot episode , which was written by Jeff Davies , has been helmed by Highlander director Russell Mulcahy .
If that ’s successful , then the full series will follow .
We talked to Russell Mulcahy about the project , and he defended it here .
THE THING
The long - rumoured reboot for The Thing is currently lensing , with Matthijs van Heijningen Jr in the poisoned chalice that is the director ’s chair .
They ’ve opted to go with a prequel story , and the cast features Joel Edgerton and Mary Elizabeth Winstead .
The formal title of the new film remains unconfirmed , but chances are you ’ll be seeing it within a year .
TOMB RAIDER
You ’ll not be getting Angelina Jolie this time around , but a new cinematic outing for Lara Croft is nonetheless in the offing .
The new Tomb Raider is currently in development , with Warner Bros showing interest .
Thus far , Megan Fox has distanced herself from playing the lead role .
2012 would be the earliest you could expect to see the new film .
THE TOURIST
A remake of the French thriller Anthony Zimmer , The Tourist is currently before the cameras and starring Angelina Jolie and Johnny Depp .
What lifts this project above the norm , apart from the star name cast , is the fact that it ’s being directed by Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck .
Never heard of him ?
Then check out his stunning 2006 movie The Lives Of Others .
The Tourist , meanwhile , has been penned by Julian Fellowes and Christopher McQuarrie , and is set for release in 2011 .
TRUE GRIT
The Coen Brothers came a bit of a cropper with their remake of The Ladykillers .
This time , though , it ’s the John Wayne western True Grit that ’s in their sights .
Their version is adapted from the original book , and Matt Damon is on board to star , along with Jeff Bridges , Josh Brolin , Hailee Steinfeld and Barry Pepper .
The film is set for release on 25th December of this year in the States .
VIDEODROME
Ehren Kruger , now that he ’s finished work on the Transformers 3 script , is the man given the job of scripting the planned remake of David Cronenberg ’s 1983 classic .
He ’s set to give the film a more contemporary feel although , right now , there ’s no sign of it going into production .
Universal is targeting a 2011 release , though .
THE WARRIORS
We love Walter Hill ’s original The Warriors movie , and continue to shudder at the mere thought of it being remade .
Tony Scott is attached to it , which does n’t dampen our fears given what he managed to do with The Taking Of Pelham 123 .
Paramount has the project in pre-production , we believe , with the new screenplay already in place and relocating the action to Los Angeles .
Casting seems to have begun too , ahead of a potential release in 2011 .
Do n’t screw this one up , Tony …
WESTWORLD
The late Michael Crichton ’s book has already inspired a cracking movie , and unsurprisingly , Hollywood remains keen to remake it .
Billy Ray – who ’s reportedly currently at work on the 24 movie – was the last to take a crack at the script for this one , and Jerry Weintraub is producing .
There ’s still no director , though , and the earliest we ’d get to see the film is 2012 .
YELLOW SUBMARINE
Director Robert Zemeckis is applying his motion capture technology to The Beatles ’ classic animated movie .
His cast is rumoured to feature Cary Elwes , Peter Serafinowicz , and Dean Lennox Kelly on voicing duties , and Zemeckis is hoping to have the film ready to rock and roll ( see what we did there ? ) in 2012 .
The cost of individual cyber attacks fell dramatically in the US last year but unauthorised access and the theft of proprietary information remain top security concerns .
The 10th annual Computer Crime and Security Survey , put together by the Computer Security Institute ( CSI ) in conjunction with information security experts at the FBI , shows financial losses resulting from security breaches down for the fourth successive year .
The cost of breaches averaged $ 204,000 per respondent - down 61 per cent from last year 's average loss of $ 526,000 .
Virus attacks continue as the source of the greatest financial pain , making up 32 per cent of the overall losses reported .
But unauthorized access showed a dramatic increase and replaced denial of service as the second most significant contributor to cybercrime losses .
Unauthorised access was fingered for a quarter ( 24 per cent ) of losses reported in the CSI / FBI Computer Crime and Security Survey 2005 .
Meanwhile losses from theft of proprietary information doubled last year , based on the survey of 700 computer security practitioners in various US corporations , universities and government agencies .
The study found fears about negative publicity are preventing organisation from reporting cybercrime incidents to the police , a perennial problem the CSI / FBI study reckons is only getting worse .
Assuming that this is n't true of what respondents also told CSI 's researchers ( academics from the University of Maryland ) , the study presents a picture of reducing cyber crime losses that contrasts sharply with vendor - sponsored studies .
Chris Keating , CSI Director , said its study suggests that organizations that raise their level of security awareness but warns against complacency in the face of a changing cybercrime threat .
" Individual users are more exposed to computer crime than ever , due to the growth in identity theft schemes .
We can't help but note the shift in the survey results toward more financial damage due to theft of sensitive company data .
This is an ominous , though not unexpected , development and underscores the need to insist that enterprise networks be properly safeguarded , " he said .
The CSI / FBI Computer Crime and Security Survey aims to help determine the scope of computer crime along with promoting security awareness .
It can be downloaded from the CSI 's website GoCSI.com ( PDF - registration required ) . ®
Related stories
GAO gives US. gov D- for security
FBI publishes computer crime and security stats
Computer intrusion losses waning
The growing problem of identity theft
