She would be 3 right now .
She would be talking and laughing and running through the house with her sisters .
I ’ll never know what my baby girl could have been .
One night at the pub we discussed whether one could replace Hadoop ( a massive and comprehensive implementation of Mapreduce ) with a single bash script , an awk command , sort , and a sprinkling of netcat .
This turned into a weekend project dubbed bashreduce .
To be fair , Hadoop probably does a few more things than bashreduce .
But we ’ve managed to cover a few key concepts in our script :
Task coordination ( kind of ! sort of ! )
Mapping / Partitioning
Reducing
Merging
Distributed file system ( sort of ! if you squint just right )
More than just a toy project , bashreduce lets us address a common scenario around these parts : we have a few analysis machines lying around , and we have data from various systems that are not in Hadoop .
Rather than go through the rigmarole of sending it to our Hadoop cluster and writing yet another one - off Java or Dumbo program , we instead fire off a one - liner bashreduce using tools we already know in our reducer : sort , awk , grep , join , and so on .
I think it ’s a neat idea !
If you think it ’s a neat idea , and you look at this gnarly bash code and think of ways to improve it , to make it more useful or more elegant , you would enjoy working for us .
We ’re looking for a clever C++ developer to help us tackle data mining and scale problems .
My favorite line in the job posting is Interested in – we do all those things save one , which you can probably guess .
We ’ve collected a few of our developer ’s blogs here as well – more fodder for those of you interested in what we do .
We see plenty of wild casemods around here -- staying on the pulse of what 's new with the cool kids is part of our jobs .
We 've never really seen anything like this one , however .
We do n't know a terrible lot about the case -- just that it 's made of what appears to be solid evil dipped in bronze , and lit by the blood of a terrifying hellbeast .
Regardless : it 's going to look great in your living room ... once you convince Satan to sell it to you for a reasonable price , that is .
One more terrifically horrendous photo after the break .
In a speech this week summarizing his administration ’s economic policies , President Obama grossly overstated the support these policies enjoy by claiming , economists on the left and right agree that the last thing the government should do during a recession is cut back on spending .
There are a great many economists who were surprised to learn that , apparently , they now agree with the President .
Reading straight from the Keynesian playbook , Obama justified the creation of multi-trillion dollar deficits by asserting that the government must fill the spending void left by the contraction of consumer and business spending .
As one of those mythical economists who do not agree with the President , I argue that it is precisely this type of boneheaded thinking that got us into this mess , and it ’s the reason we are now headed for an inflationary depression .
We do not need , nor should we attempt , to replace lost demand .
As Obama himself pointed out in the same speech , Americans have been borrowing and spending too much money .
These actions created artificial demand , underpinned by the illusion of real wealth in overvalued stock and real estate markets .
Given his intelligence and rhetorical training , it is hard to fathom how President Obama cannot notice the inherent contradiction in his argument .
While Obama commended millions of American families for making the hard choices to reduce spending , pay down debt and replenish savings , he later outlined the government ’s intention to spend every American household deeper into debt , thereby undermining all the good that personal austerity would have otherwise produced .
Obama also made the clear - eyed observation that the foundation of our economy was unsound and that a sturdier one needed to be laid .
To do this , he even asserted that we need to import less and export more .
This has been one of my fundamental points .
Our economy is unsound precisely because it is built on a foundation of consumer debt .
Instead of spending for today , we need to invest for tomorrow .
However , we can not save more unless we spend less .
Production requires capital , which only comes into existence when resources are not consumed .
However , by interfering with this process , Obama prevents the very transformation he acknowledges must take place .
When the government spends what individuals save , private investment is crowded out .
Society is deprived of the benefits such savings would otherwise have brought about .
How can we lay a solid foundation if the government takes away all our cement ?
This brings up an oft - repeated , but oft - forgotten , point : government does not have any money of its own .
It only has what it takes from the rest of us .
If individuals repay their debts , but their government takes on additional debt , we are all simply swimming against the tide .
All forward progress is lost as private debt is replaced by public debt , which must be repaid by private individuals .
Whatever gains individuals hope to achieve are negated by the higher taxes or increased inflation necessary to repay their share of a larger national debt .
Obama claims that much of the additional debt is not going to finance consumption , but rather critical investment . 
This is a vain hope .
In the first place , much of what he categorizes as investment , such as additional spending on education , is not investment at all .
Yes , an educated workforce is important , but throwing more government money at education will do nothing to achieve this goal .
Spending money on education and calling it an investment squanders resources that otherwise would have financed real investments .
In the second place , to the extent some government money is invested , those investments will likely be less efficient than those the private sector might otherwise have financed .
There is absolutely no evidence that governments have the foresight or incentives to make investments that facilitate real economic growth .
 Five year plans did n’t work in the Soviet Union and they wo n’t work here .
If the government simply builds bridges to nowhere , society gains nothing .
If we are going to rebuild our economy on a solid foundation , the market , not the government , needs to draw the plans .
When private citizens invest their own capital , those who invest wisely are rewarded with profits , while those who do not are punished with losses .
Bad investments are therefore abandoned , with capital reallocated to more successful ventures .
Conversely , when governments invest money , these checks and balances do not exist .
There is nothing to correct bad investments , as losses are endlessly subsidized by taxpayers .
In fact , the more a government plan fails , the more it tends to be funded in the hope that additional resources will finally achieve success .
Obama himself proves this by allocating still more funds to government - run schools and student loan subsidies .
Other examples , such as Amtrak , the New York MTA , the U.S. Postal Service , Fannie / Freddie , and countless others , prove this process is never - ending — until perhaps the bureaucracy collapses under its own weight .
When it comes to government making tough choices , Obama talks a good game , but refuses to actually make any .
However , once the dollar finally begins its collapse , he will have no choice but to match his rhetoric with action .
It ’s unfortunate that we cannot make these tough choices on our own terms , rather than waiting for our creditors to force our hand .
Peter Schiff is president of Euro Pacific Capital and author of The Little Book of Bull Moves in Bear Markets and Crash Proof : How to Profit from the Coming Economic Collapse .
Peter Schiff Archives
The Best of Peter Schiff
— Sixteen - year - old Ashton Lundeby 's bedroom in his mother 's Granville County home is nothing , if not patriotic .
Images of American flags are everywhere – on the bed , on the floor , on the wall .
But according to the United States government , the tenth - grade home - schooler is being held on a criminal complaint that he made a bomb threat from his home on the night of Feb. 15 .
More On This
The family was at a church function that night , his mother , Annette Lundeby , said .
" Undoubtedly , they were given false information , or they would not have had 12 agents in my house with a widow and two children and three cats , " Lundeby said .
Around 10 p.m. on March 5 , Lundeby said , armed FBI agents along with three local law enforcement officers stormed her home looking for her son .
They handcuffed him and presented her with a search warrant .
" I was terrified , " Lundeby 's mother said .
" There were guns , and I do n't allow guns around my children .
I do n't believe in guns .
" Lundeby told the officers that someone had hacked into her son's IP address and was using it to make crank calls connected through the Internet , making it look like the calls had originated from her home when they did not .
Her argument was ignored , she said .
Agents seized a computer , a cell phone , gaming console , routers , bank statements and school records , according to federal search warrants .
" There were no bomb - making materials , not even a blasting cap , not even a wire , " Lundeby said .
Ashton now sits in a juvenile facility in South Bend , Ind .
His mother has had little access to him since his arrest .
She has gone to her state representatives as well as attorneys , seeking assistance , but , she said , there is nothing she can do .
Lundeby said the USA Patriot
Act stripped her son of his due process rights .
" We have no rights under the Patriot Act to even defend them , because the Patriot Act basically supersedes the Constitution , " she said .
" It was n't intended to drag your barely 16 - year - old , 120 - pound son out in the middle of the night on a charge that we can't even defend .
" Passed after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the U.S. , the Patriot Act allows federal agents to investigate suspected cases of terrorism swiftly to better protect the country .
In part , it gives the federal government more latitude to search telephone records , e-mails and other records .
" They 're saying that ' We feel this individual is a terrorist or an enemy combatant against the United States , and we 're going to suspend all of those due process rights because this person is an enemy of the United States , " said Dan Boyce , a defense attorney and former U.S. attorney not connected to the Lundeby case .
Critics of the statute say it threatens the most basic of liberties .
" There 's nothing a matter of public record , " Boyce said " All those normal rights are just suspended in the air .
"
In a bi-partisan effort , Rep. Jerrold Nadler , D - N.Y. , and Rep. Jeff Flake , R - Ariz . , last month introduced in the U.S. House of Representatives a bill that would narrow subpoena power in a provision of the Patriot Act , called the National Security Letters , to curb what some consider to be abuse of power by federal law enforcement officers .
Boyce said the Patriot Act was written with good intentions , but he said he believes it has gone too far in some cases .
Lundeby 's might be one of them , he said .
" It very well could be a case of overreaction , where an agent leaped to certain conclusions or has made certain assumptions about this individual and about how serious the threat really is , " Boyce said .
Because a federal judge issued a gag order in the case , the U.S. attorney in Indiana cannot comment on the case , nor can the FBI .
The North Carolina Highway Patrol did confirm that officers assisted with the FBI operation at the Lundeby home on March 5 . " Never in my worst nightmare did I ever think that it would be my own government that I would have to protect my children from , " Lundeby said .
" This is the United States , and I feel like I live in a third world country now .
" Lundeby said she does not think this type of case is what the Patriot Act was intended for .
Boyce agrees .
" It was to protect the public , but what we need to do is to make sure there are checks and balances to make sure those new laws are not abused , " he said .
Help Bring Trader Joe 's to Omaha , Nebraska
We 've begun a petition that will be sent to the gentleman in charge of real estate acquisition for Trader Joe 's to show him that we are serious about our request that they locate a TJ's in Omaha .
You do NOT need to give your email address or donate to the petition site .
You can place mail@email.com in the email address slot .
Thank you in advance .
Petition to Help Bring Trader Joe 's to Omaha , NE
As we reported before , you can help bring Trader Joe 's to Omaha by filling out a location request form on the Trader Joe 's website .
However , it appears things might be moving further along if this petition is a sign of anything .
You can also join the Bring Trader Joe 's to Omaha , Nebraska group on Facebook for further updates .
While you 're there , be sure to join the GFC fan page too if you have n't already .
Labels : NOTICE , SHOPPING
The Chancellor provoked outrage from drivers yesterday with the return of the fuel price " escalator " .
Mr Darling announced plans for fuel duty to go up by 2 p per litre in September and by another 1 p per litre in real terms every year for the following three years , helping to balance the public books and save 2 million tonnes of carbon - dioxide emissions over five years .
But motorists ' groups say that the measures – taken alongside the 2 p rise that came into force at the start of this month , and the end of the VAT holiday in December – will push tax on fuel up by a whopping 6 per cent over the next 12 months , adding up to £ 200 to the average family 's costs .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The fuel price escalator was introduced by the Conservatives in 1993 , and by the time it was scrapped in 1999 had pushed tax up to account for over 80 per cent of the price at the pump .
Fuel is currently around the 92 p a litre mark , nearly 55 p of which is duty .
Adrian Tink , at the RAC , said : " Today 's announcement is another brutal blow for motorists who have already witnessed a decade of non-stop rises . "
Not all Alistair Darling 's motoring pledges are so unpopular .
Yesterday 's Budget also confirmed plans for a car scrappage incentive designed to boost new car sales ( which are down by nearly a third this year ) .
The government will put up £ 1,000 , to be match - funded by the carmaker , for drivers replacing a car or small van more than 10 years old with a new alternative .
The scheme will start in May and will cost the government £ 300m .
Car companies have been lobbying hard for measures to raise demand , and similar schemes already in place across Europe have had some significant results .
In Germany , sales shot up 20 per cent following the introduction of a € 2,500 ( £ 2,240 ) incentive .
Paul Everitt , at the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders , said : " The industry is primarily interested in getting consumers back into the showrooms .
If you own one of the 10.5 million vehicles that qualify , then this will get your attention . "
But experts say the 50:50 funding split undermines the plan , and smacks of hard bargaining between its supporters in the Department for Business and those holding the purse strings in the Treasury .
" The vehicle makers are putting a brave face on it , " Professor Garel Rhys , at Cardiff Business School , said .
" This is the compromise the Treasury was prepared to accept , kicking and screaming . "
There is also likely to be little direct effect on the car makers .
With only 14 per cent of the vehicles bought in the UK actually made here , the chief benefits will accrue to the rest of the sector – to the component makers , dealerships , service centres , and insurance companies that employ some 600,000 people across the country .
Case Study : ' Pay more and I might scrap it '
Ben Anderson , 29 , Trainee forester
Mr Anderson owns a 38 - year - old VW Beetle with 200,000 miles on the clock , valued at £ 3,000 .
" I listened with interest to the car scrappage scheme because it almost tempted me .
My car is a historical vehicle , so I do n't pay tax on it , but then I am concerned about the environment and I recognise new cars are more fuel - efficient .
I worry that if I buy a new car its value might depreciate by £ 2,000 in a year anyway , so maybe I should just wait and buy it in a year 's time .
Ultimately , I only drive a few miles a day .
On balance I think I 'd rather keep my car than trade it in for £ 2,000 , though if they raised the discount I might reconsider .
If the Chancellor is really serious about the environment then he'd have invested much more in it .
The billions on offshore wind , energy efficiency schemes and low - carbon energy sound like publicity - seeking spin to me . "
Loyal Labour supporter .
Preferred Blair to Brown – prefers either to the Tories .
Things are changing fast for the open source database MySQL .
On Tuesday at the kick off of the MySQL Conference & Expo , Sun 's open source database division announced new plans to release MySQL updates on a more rapid basis .
The first of those releases , MySQL 5.4 , is available in preview today , with MySQL claiming it to be up 90 percent faster than MySQL 5.1 for certain types of queries .
The speedier MySQL database comes as Sun Microsystems ( NASDAQ : JAVA ) , which has owned MySQL for just over a year , is being acquired by Oracle .
While it is still early in the process , MySQL chief executive is optimistic that Oracle will see the value in MySQL and will let them continue on the path they are paving with their new rapid release schedule .
" MySQL is so ubiquitous it will transcend its ownership , " Karen Tegan Padir , vice president of MySQL and software infrastructure at Sun told InternetNews.com .
" We saw it as Sun acquired MySQL and we will see it as Oracle acquired Sun .
Oracle will be a very good steward to MySQL because they must .
If they do n't try and choose to squash it out , they wo n't be able to as it would accelerate . "
Padir is taking over leadership of MySQL from Marten Mickos , the former CEO .
Padir pledged to be more transparent in her dealings with the community than her predecessor .
" We will be more transparent , we will give more to the community and we 're doing monthly rapid updates to the community to release more often , " Padir said .
" There will be an emphasis on taking community contributions and putting them into the code . "
MySQL 5.4
Robin Schumacher , director of product management at Sun's MySQL division , explained that the goal of the new push at MySQL is to have a milestone release every three to six months , the first of those is MySQL 5.4 .
Today 's release is considered by MySQL to be a preview , with the full release set for later this year .
Performance is the key improvement in MySQL 5.4 , which comes from a number of innovations in the database .
At the top of the list are improvements to the MySQL Optimizer which is the tool that dictates the path the database takes to satisfy queries .
MySQL Optimizer has been improved for subquery optimization such that nested queries ( queries that are two levels or more deep ) will now execute 90 percent faster , according to Schumacher .
A new table join algorithm called batch key access which used memory to speed up the processing of multi-way joins , also helps to accelerate MySQL 5.4 .
Shumacher argued that the changes are such that for existing MySQL users they will get the speed improvement by simply migrating to MySQL 5.4 .
" No one has to do anything to benefit from these things , " Schumacher said .
" They just have to upgrade from MySQL 5.1 or whatever MySQL they were using . "
MySQL 6 and Beyond
MySQL has been talking about its MySQL 6.0 development effort for the past several years .
Shumacher noted that the current plan is for 6.0 to be out in 2010 , with one of its key features being the Falcon engine , which MySQL originally announced in 2006 .
Falcon is an alternative transactional database engine to the InnoDB engine , which has been owned by Oracle since 2005 .
Another key project within MySQL development organization is the Drizzle project , which is an effort to create a lightweight MySQL database .
" Drizzle is absolutely complementary to MySQL , " Padir said .
" We 're really looking at it as an incubator to see what things happen there that we need to do to current releases of MySQL .
It 's a project and over time we 'll productize it as appropriate . "
The folks over at Worth1000 are in the midst of conducting their 6th Photoshop contest in relation to Hockey .
The results of their contests are fairly impressive , and we thought you would enjoy them .
I have selected some of my personal favorites to include here , but see the contest page for all of the images .
From the page :
In this contest , your task is to show that the whole world is all about hockey .
National pastime of every country on earth ?
Hockey .
What every kid is going to be when he or she grows up ?
Hockey player .
Show us the world as it would look if we glorified hockey above all else .
On June 25th there is going to be a Democratic National Committee LGBT Leadership Council fund raising dinner at Mandarin Oriental Hotel in Washington , DC .
It will be featuring Vice President Joe Biden as the guest of honor … the prices run from $ 30,400 to $ 1,000 per seat .
A President we can be Proud of ?
Easter egg rolls while fun and PR good , they do not really provide us with much in the way of protections … and I think there is some kind of reality disconnect going on here .
Anyone remember Rick Warren at the inauguration ?
Anyone remember the discharge of Lt Dan Choi ?
Anyone remember the half - heart press release just hours before the vote on the Mathew Shepard hate crime law ?
Or the surreptitious write out of our issues from the White House web site ?
Or National Security Adviser James Jones saying he did not know if DADT would be repelled in our lifetime ?
Anyone remember seeing any real leadership from President Obama or the congressional democrats on any of the issues that affect our LGBT community or our daily lives whatsoever ?
The Democrats and President Obama must think we do … .
Because they are coming to us for money again and do n’t seem to get it … what we see is while they like gay dollars and votes , they do n’t really like to do much on gay issues .
Lez Get Real is asking everyone in the LGBT community to let the DNC know …
“ NO WE CAN’T … till they can . ”
DNC - 202-863-8000
877-336-7200
The U.S. Department of Energy is doing something it has been talking about for four years : loaning money .
[ social_buttons ]
A loan guarantee of $ 535 million will go to Solyndra Inc. , which will expand its production of photovoltaic systems in Fremont , Calif .
The money will cover 75 percent of the project costs but will yield up to 15 gigawatts of electricity and save some 300 million metric tons of carbon dioxide emissions .
Oh , it will also produce thousands of new construction , manufacturing and installation jobs .
That ’s thousands of green jobs , y’all .
Chris Gronet , the founder and chairman of Solyndra , said the guaranteed funding “ will enable Solyndra to achieve the economies of scale needed to deliver solar electricity at prices that are competitive with utility rates .
This expansion is really about creating new jobs while meaningfully impacting global warming . ”
The loan guarantee is still subject to final approval .
A process which has halted hundreds of applications for more than $ 40 billion in alternative - energy loans .
But Steven Chu , the new Energy Secretary , has said it is this administration ’s priority to create jobs and develop carbon - free sources of power .
And we hope it ’s true !
“ This investment is part of President Obama ’s aggressive strategy to put Americans back to work and reduce our dependence on foreign oil by developing clean , renewable sources of energy , ” Dr. Chu said in a statement on Friday .
“ We can create millions of new , good - paying jobs that ca n’t be outsourced .
Instead of relying on imports from other countries to meet our energy needs , we ’ll rely on America ’s innovation , America ’s resources and America ’s workers . ”
The program that provides these loans was passed by Congress under Title XVII of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 , but has yet to really do anything .
“ After years of watching this program struggle to get off the ground , ” Senator Jeff Bingaman , the Energy Committee chairman said , “ it ’s encouraging to see that Secretary Chu ’s energetic new leadership at the department is having an effect . ”
Yah , we feel that way too , Senator .
Source : New York Times
Cleaning up the Web
These are my rough notes before I made the talk .
No guarantee of accuracy , but with a transcript * should be a help .
Good morning everybody .
I saw with shock that I had been billed at talking about the relationship between th Semantic Web and the browser web .
However , in keeping with a long standing tradition , I have allowed the topic of my remarks to be influenced by the suggestions of many people and the many discussions which have taken place over the last few days .
And uninfluenced by the published title .
I 'm happy to wax lyrical about the semantic web browser / web browser architecture in breaks set aside for the consumption of various brown liquids .
I must admit I came to this week with a certain trepidation .
Finances are low all round , some people have not been able to come .
There has been dissonance on the lists , not unusual but perhaps more than normal .
There has been concern about the HTML5 work being done in ways which do not match the expectations people have about W3C groups , and concerns about the TAG not being connected .
On the flip side , when I talk to anyone in any of the groups , I find a personal enthusiasm and energy which takes me aback but I remember from previous meetings .
Whether it is discussing HTML5 or authorization using FOAF and SSL , people are full of ideas , and anxious to make powerful systems which are easy for users .
Robert Fulghum 's famous line is " Everything I need to know I learned in Kindergarten " .
He suggests things like
Do n't hurt other people
Clean up your own mess
Flush
and so on .
We can add things more domain - specific -- in software :
Keep it Simple
Make orthogonal modules
Internet :
No kings , just rough consensus and running code .
Specify what goes on the wire and what it means
Be liberal in what you accept , but conservative in what you produce .
Web :
Every system should be a platform for future systems .
Assume a power law of overlapping communities .
No kings , just rough consensus and running code and test suites !
There are more complicated ones which the TAG tries to list in various documents and I do n't go into here .
Norm
Walsh sent a summary of them to the www - tag@ list a few days ago .
Groups :
Listen to people .
It is worth the extra time .
Travel as little as possible .
It costs .
Travel as much as you need to .
Listen to people .
When you come here , use the fact that we are all here together .
If you conclude that some one or another group does not understand you , what do you do ?
You listen to them .
Why ?
Because if your explanation did n't work for them , you did n't understand where they are coming from .
You have got to get into someone 's way of thinking to be able to explain anything .
So you have to listen .
You may have to interview them .
When you have listened enough , they will understand you .
One of the causes of tension which has surfaced recently has been , about to do about HTML which has markup errors .
To dramatically oversimplify , some people worry worry that browsers which silently fix up all kinds of errors in markup ( and HTTP and MIME types and image formats ) encourage a world which is more and more messy , while the HTML WG points out that browsers have to render all broken legacy web pages without a murmur to compete in the market .
Historically , this has come from an application of the Be Liberal rule in browsers .
Be liberal in what you accept -- ignore unknown tags , correct syntax errors , sniff for image file types , all silently .
The market - driven downward spiral of expectation of conformance to specifications in an interesting study of deployment dynamics .
We realize we are not just designing systems , we are throwing potentially viral designs into a soup of users , designers and developers .
What has happened is that the need for browser vendors to be able to boast being able to render at least as many legacy pages as the competition has combined with user 's natural fallibility to produce a web of pages the majority of which are in error .
So the idea which I am going to summarize again today , which I suggested at the last AC , is that this is because the reward function is wrong .
What is the reward function ?
It is whether the user gets what he or she wants from a browser , or for validator ( or checker of any sort ) whether he or she is told the page is good .
Suppose there is , on the one hand ( and on the X axis ) a certain effort which a Web page author puts into the writing of a Web page , to eliminate various levels of error , and on the other hand ( and on the Y axis ) a reward given , in part , in terms of the quality of the rendered Web page on the range of clients perceived to be of interest .
In the case , shown above , of the conservative , the page must be completely correct or nothing is rendered .
The writer who has an almost perfect page is motivated to fix it , but the writer who has a page with several errors is not , as there will be no noticeable reward for incremental improvement .
It is not very surprising that the majority of Web users whose pages would have started off near the left of the graph did not make it to the right when serving their code as XHTML .
Some errors we may consider hopeless even in HTML , in that no useful recovery seems possible for them .
In the case of the liberal browser ( above ) , the reward for a hopeless page is zero , but for a page with any other level of errors , it in fact is rendered completely by the browsers .
Therefore , a writer whose page is hopeless is motivated to clean it up a little bit .
But the writers of pages which have other levels of error are not motivated to clean them up at all .
So while the liberal and conservative forks have very different philosophies , they share one thing :
They do not motivate the writer of a Web page to progressively improve their offering .
The solution , as I see it , is to look at the motivating slope and fix it .
When the user is provided with incremental rewards ,
then he or she will move , hopefully , up the slope .
Browsers could :
By default , show no errors still ( Just a bit ? )
Show me errors on web sites I own
Show me errors if I am interested
Show me errors if I View Source
Give me cleaned up code as the first default in show source
Give me cleaned up code as the first default in Save As
Validators could give for ( random ) example
Marks for how well formed it is out of 20
Marks for HTML structure out of 20
Marks for embedded CSS and JS out of 20
Marks for HTTP and MIME out of 20
Marks for links working out of 20
Total marks out of 100
Servers :
In the * default configuration *
Do n't assume you know what type a file with no extension has unless told ;
Have by default MIME types for all W3C specs at last call or further ;
Admins give server users local control of new MIME types ( eg voice markup )
Give 500 errors when misconfigured with an explanation of how to fix the problem .
Automatically clean up stuff outgoing ?
Motivation
Why is this important ?
Why should users , web page designers and server admin , go to the trouble of cleaning up their acts ?
Because we should be building a clean platform for others to build on .
We need people to be able to design new formats for new applications which are completely new ways of using the web .
They have to be able to introduce a new MIME type which will not be sniffed as something else .
Well , consider the options in a few years time .
Maybe 10 .
If we continue allowing messy web pages to be accepted without comment , the norm will be messy and the occasional misguided page will be even messier .
True , if the browser vendors agree to draw a line in the sand at a particular set of quirks and not add any more , them there will be no incentive for web designers to use new quirks which are not implemented in the browsers .
But at the moment , I do n't see this agreement .
So if we do n't clean it up the web will get dirtier an dirtier .
Where e now wade wist - deep in errors we have to silently correct for , we will be wading shoulder - deep in them .
It will be much more difficult for people to build stuff on top of the web .
There will be so much complexity in the web as a platform that it will become a dead - end technology .
Not a platform but a ceiling .
No one will build great things where the web is just one component in the design .
If we do clean it up , we can make it so the basic design , and an ever - increasing proportion of new web pages , are simple .
It should be simple .
A function which maps a URI onto content , or URI onto meaning in some sense .
Where our ideas about how we convey content and meaning can grow over time .
Where that function can be used in all kinds of new processes on all kinds of machines in all kinds of circumstances .
Where we can ( say ) adjust the HTTP protocol to blend into a peer - peer protocol when the net gets loaded or a server goes away , and the web function still works , because it it simply defined , has a clean interface , and we can re-engineer it under the hood , because applications of it do n't look under the hood .
Where client - side applications which currently see the web as XMLHTTPRequest can use it in all kinds of very novel ways .
In the what 35 years of Internet , the infrastructure has been upgraded through a ridiculous number orders of magnitude , and the socket interface that we code to has been unchanged .
During the same time , a very dramatic amount of creativity in the uses of TCP / IP have flourished , including the WWW has just one .
That all worked because the original creators of the technology believed in making clean abstractions .
The hourglass model in which a narrow constant neck separated the independent layers above and below .
Modular orthogonal specifications .
And in designing for unknown applications in the future .
And when new people ( like me ) came along we were lectured on how to write good spec which is short and clean and does n't constrain other specs .
Some of the folks who did that are here today .
It may seem bizarre to try to plan for 10 years time .
But believe me , 10 years slips by increasingly quickly .
The first memo about the web was written 20 years ago in March , when some of the people here were not yet born .
And it seems like yesterday because in many ways we are talking about very similar issues , but in new parameters in terms of the weight of the legacy documents out there .
But the future , my friends , is longer than the past .
We should clean up the web so that the future can build on it .
To that end , in the next few days , please go out and listen to those people who do n't understand you .
Thanks for listening to me .
PS : Oh , and my take on web browsing :)
You can use URIS with hashes in for HTML anchors
You can use URIs with hashes in in HTML / RDFa documents for things like events , people
You should never use the same URI for an anchor and anything else .
Browsers who can handle RDF and HTML just as well should Accept both at same q
Servers serving RDF or HTML should prefer RDF if the data is the same , or HTML if the HTML page has significantly more information .
* transcripts for TPAC 2008 are in progress .
Life is full of hardship and in life , we need to balance things .
If we ca n’t do this then we would burn out easily and when that does happen , we would easily get tired of whatever it is that we are doing .
Imagine , getting burn out from work and you can easily lose your job .
These things does happen in life and we ca n’t ignore it .
This is the reason why some people are seeking the help of psychologist since it is their job to make a sense out of someone .
They would give you some encouraging thoughts after you have shared your problem with them .
In no time at all , you would be back to your old self .
Most people seek some recreational activities such as sports , but other people like to play computer games and for this reason , they buy the best graphics card for their computer .
This is done so that they can play almost any game in their computer .
You would be needing one of the best to play anything .
What is Vulkan
If you are playing games then you would need an API ( Application Programming Interface ) .
And one of the best platform for gaming is Vulkan .
Vulkan targets high - performance real - time 3D graphics applications such as video games and interactive media across all platforms .
Compared with OpenGL and Direct3D 11 , and like Direct3D 12 and Metal , Vulkan is intended to offer higher performance and more balanced CPU / GPU usage .
Other major differences from Direct3D 11 ( and prior ) and OpenGL are Vulkan being a considerably lower level API and offering parallel tasking .
Vulkan also has the ability to render 2D graphics applications ; however , it is generally best suited for 3D .
In addition to its lower CPU usage , Vulkan is also able to better distribute work amongst multiple CPU cores .
Growing popularity
According to Google Trends , the interest on this API has been increasing over the passing few months .
Sure , it is not that fast compared to some of the top trends in the market today , but nevertheless , it is still showing improvements .
Vulkan has been first released back in 2016 , which is almost 2 years ago .
Take note that on March 2016 , NVidia adopts the use of Vulkan .
Most of the people that are searching for this API comes from the United States such as Arizona , Oklahoma , Nevada , Connecticut , and Utah .
A little history
On February 26 , 2018 , Khronos Group announced that the Vulkan API became available to all on macOS and iOS through the MoltenVK library , which enables Vulkan to run on top of Metal .
Previously MoltenVK was a proprietary and commercially licensed solution , but Valve made an arrangement with developer Brenwill Workshop Ltd to open - source MoltenVK under the Apache 2.0 license and as a result the library will be available to all .
Valve also announced that Dota 2 can as of 26 February 2018 run on macOS using the Vulkan API , which is based on MoltenVK .
March 7 , 2018 was the day that Vulkan 1.1 was released .
This is the first major update to the API standardized several extensions , such as multi-view , device groups , cross-process and cross-API sharing , advanced compute functionality , HLSL support , and YCbCr support .
There are so many types of accidents that can be classified for the personal injury claims but the road accidents are the most common of them .
Personal injury cases are those types of cases where the victims of various kinds of accidents claim for the compensation .
This monetary relief is being asked by them to overcome the problems that arise as the consequences of the accidents .
The most important thing that is to be noticed that the claimant become eligible for the claim only on the condition if the accident occurred due to the fault of the other person .
Road accidents are a major cause of injuries and there are many victims who can be seen claiming for their injuries and the property damage like the car or the ilk being crashed badly .
Even the road accidents are further divided into sub categories like the car crashes , the road accident involving the pedestrians or the motor bike accidents etc .
the cause of all these road accidents is quite similar that is supposed to be the recklessness and carelessness of a person that leads the other person towards acquiring physical injuries , handicapped ness or even death in some cases .
The injuries resulting from the road accidents can be minor and can be severe .
The victim f such accidents file foe the compensation claim .
The most important point that is to be noticed is that claimant becomes eligible for the compensation only if he is being found devoid of every fault that has led to the accident .
And , he needs to prove this fact if he wants to get the claim .
Here , comes the most difficult job .
These cases are not very easy to prove especially in the absence of the witnesses .
The guilty party refuses to own the mistake rather suggests that the accident happened due to the claimant ’s own fault .
In such cases , the expertise of the personal injury lawyer comes in handy .
This is the reason ; it is advised to get in touch with a lawyer as soon as possible if the victim of the accident is considering filing a case for claim .
The medical report and the official report are the two very significant proofs that help the claimant in getting deserved amount of compensation .
Mostly accident cases are settled out side the court room .
Only those that involve severe physical injury or greater property damage are being taken inside the court room .
But the claimant needs to get a specialist lawyer for the case .
These cases are also being offered by the skilled lawyers to be filed on the basis of no win no fee where the claimant does not have to pay a single penny whether the case is won or lost .
Road accidents are the most common cause of personal injury claims and the claimants get the due amount of compensation from the third party insurers if proven with all the facts and evidences that the accident happened due to the fault of the guilty party .
The contents of the article are provided for informational and educational purposes only and are not intended for a legal advice
Technology.am ( Apr. 23 , 2009 ) — After getting success of the YouTube friend activity feed , now Google plans to launch a new feature called YouTube RealTime .
Google said about the new feature allows you and your friends share in the moment what you ’re doing with the site .
It means it lets people see what their friends are watching , rating , commenting on , etc .
To watch YouTube video , unlike regular TV , it is often a solitary experience with one person and one computer .
However , to find out about videos is very much a social phenomenon as URLs spread over e-mail , Twitter , Facebook , and instant messaging .
Though , YouTube is basically trying to combine those two aspects of the YouTube experience into one , creating more of a virtual equivalent of the couch in front of the TV .
This service depends on your choice , so you can invite others to be your friends , and friends can accept or deny the request .
We 're tracked everywhere these days , and not just by the growing number of CCTV cameras in our cities or the effortless traceability of cellphones .
Rather , I 'm talking about the cameraphone user who automatically uploads her photos to Flickr or Twitpic , who with the tap of a screen can post a video to YouTube or stream a scene live on Qik .
I 'm talking about the immediacy and accessibility of Twitter messages that make private conversations public ; tools that open up the very real possibility that every action you take , whether in a public space or in seemingly private emails and text messages , is being logged and possibly shared with thousands of people .
How does this change the way we act ?
Might it actually make us ... nicer to one another ?
Video Sharing
The 1984 scenario is one we 're conditioned to fear : an all - powerful government judging our every move .
And yet this new media landscape is n't as favorable to the authorities as Orwell thought : numerous cases of alleged police brutality , most famously the " Do n't Tase Me Bro " incident in 2006 , have been posted to YouTube , resulting in very public discussion of incidents that may otherwise have stayed under the public 's radar .
Or how about the total destruction , in 2006 , of Michael Richards ' comedy career after a racist rant in a comedy club was posted to YouTube to public outrage ?
( Richards was previously best known as Seinfeld 's " Kramer " . )
Jumping forward to 2009 , the Christian Bale incident , audio of which was spread widely on YouTube , shows that even a temporary loss of your cool is a permanent stain on your public profile ( look , for instance , at the record of the incident on Bale 's Wikipedia page ) .
Photo Sharing
Did Miley Cyrus mock Asian people in a widely - shared photograph ?
The Organization of Chinese Americans thought so , and extracted an apology from the Hannah Montana star earlier this month .
Equally controversial in some sections of society ( but less so in others ) : a cameraphone pic of Michael Phelps smoking a bong taken last November .
It lost him numerous endorsement deals .
Trial - by - cameraphone is not a new phenomenon , however ; nor is it limited to celebrities .
In 2005 , South Korea 's " Dog Poop Girl " endured public humiliation after her lack of manners was exposed in a series of cameraphone pics posted online .
The tools available to capture and share content online have become far more sophisticated in recent years , but the mechanism remains the same .
Twitter and Micro- Messaging
Twitter , now entering the mainstream , still lacks the critical mass of celebrity names to create newsworthy emotional outbursts or moral deviations .
And yet the community has already instigated its own implicit rules of behavior .
Take , for instance , the Astrospace incident , wherein a momentary loss of temper became a widely - discussed topic in that community : it appeared numerous times on Twitter 's " Trending Topics " ( the most talked about issues at any given moment ) .
Rise of the Social Conscience ?
These are unsatisfactory examples , perhaps - and I hope you 'll submit better ones in the comments .
My question : is there a case to be made that social media - the fact that everyone is now a publisher and a distributor of content - might improve our behavior , both in public and private ?
Or is that wishful thinking ?
J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. said it sold 47 defaulted home - mortgage loans to a New Jersey nonprofit group that seeks to find new owners and alleviate neighborhood blight .
Across the country , other community groups also are exploring how to buy foreclosed homes to prevent them from turning into eyesores or havens for crime .
Many lenders , in turn , are eager to unload foreclosed homes , particularly those in poor neighborhoods .
Housing ...
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Nobel - prize winning economist Paul Krugman said in remarks published on Monday that the latest U.S. Treasury bailout program is nearly certain to fail , triggering a sense of personal despair .
U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner on Monday unveiled a plan aimed at persuading private investors to help rid banks up to $ 1 trillion in toxic assets that that are seen as a roadblock to economic recovery .
“ This is more than disappointing , ” Krugman wrote in The New York Times .
“ ” In fact it fills me with a sense of despair . ”
“ The Geithner scheme would offer a one - way bet : if asset values go up , the investors profit , but if they go down , the investors can walk away from their debt , ” the Princeton University economist said , citing weekend reports outlining the plan .
“ This is n’t really about letting markets work .
It ’s just an indirect , disguised way to subsidize purchases of bad assets , ” he added .
Krugman called it a recycled idea of former Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson , who later abandoned the “ cash for trash ” proposal .
“ But the real problem with this plan is that it wo n’t work , ” he says , adding that bad loans may be undervalued because there is too much fear in the current climate .
“ But the fact is that financial executives literally bet their banks on the belief that there was no housing bubble , and the related belief that unprecedented levels of household debt were no problem .
They lost that bet .
And no amount of financial hocus - pocus -- for that is what the Geithner plan amounts to -- will change that fact , ” Krugman wrote .
While the real economy is being hurt by the meltdown of the financial system itself , Krugman says this is not the first or the last time this has happened .
And there are lots of roadmaps to get us out .
“ It goes like this : the government secures confidence in the system by guaranteeing many ( though not necessarily all ) bank debts .
At the same time , it takes temporary control of truly insolvent banks , in order to clean up their books , ” Krugman said .
Time is running out on the Obama administration to take control of the banks - and the crisis .
“ If this plan fails - as it almost surely will - it ’s unlikely that he ’ll be able to persuade Congress to come up with more funds to do what he should have done in the first place , ” he wrote .
The White House strongly disagreed with Krugman ’s assessment , defending the administration plans on the morning talk shows .
“ I think Paul ’s just wrong on this one , ” Christina Romer , head of the White House Council of Economic Advisers , said on ABC ’s “ Good Morning America ” show just ahead of the plan ’s release .
“ This is really tails both the government and the private sector win , heads both the government and the private sector lose .
We both are going to have , as the saying goes , skin in the game . ”
Posted by Rick Pearson at 5:55 p.m.
SPRINGFIELD -- The Illinois Senate today voted to approve legislation that would legalize the use of marijuana for medical reasons for some seriously ill patients with a physician ’s permission .
The 30 - 28 vote , with one senator voting present , means the measure now goes to the House for consideration in the waning days of the spring session .
“ It is not intended to be a stealth legalization , ” said sponsoring Sen. William Haine ( D - Alton ) , a former Madison County prosecutor .
“ It is a program that ’s enacted for the compassionate use by people who have been recommended by a doctor . ”
Haine said similar legislation has been approved in all 13 states where it was on the ballot , regardless of partisan leanings .
In an effort to encourage votes , the legislation would create a program that would last for three years and require renewal .
But Sen. Dale Righter ( R - Charleston ) said the legislation was loosely drafted and did not require criminal background checks for people who handle marijuana or grow it under license from the state Department of Public Health .
The Senate defeated similar legislation two years ago .
A clever new video captures the rude , crude and increasingly predictable comments that have become the hallmark of vigorous " discussions " on many websites .
The NSFW video , " We Did n’t Start the Flame War , " is billed by CollegeHumor as " the internet video that you helped to write . "
Watch it for the talking ASCII art bear ( if you can handle the swears ) .
Like " Here Comes Another Bubble , " an earlier spoof that lampooned Silicon Valley and the Web 2.0 bubble , the new video is based on Billy Joel ’s catchy song , " We Did n’t Start the Fire . "
View more Wired videos .
See also :
A regular girl , Veronica , tries to survive the social jungle of high school by sticking with the three most popular girls at school who are all called Heather .
As she meets a sociopath named JD , her life spirals into a continuous cycle of hate , unintentional murder and indifference , as she exacts revenge on her enemies , also known as her best friends .
Written by Marielle < msaz.movies@gmail.com >
LONDON , England ( CNN ) --
A man who collapsed and died near last week 's protests at the G - 20 summit was shoved to the ground by police shortly before the collapse , according to a video of the incident posted on the Web site of the British daily The Guardian .
A video posted by the Guardian shows police shoving Ian Tomlinson to the ground .
He later died of a heart attack .
A spokeswoman for the Independent Police Complaints Commission , which is already investigating any contact Ian Tomlinson had with police before his death , said she is certain the man in the video is Tomlinson , 47 , who was pronounced dead on arrival at a hospital after his collapse on April 1 .
" However , that is not the question , " the spokeswoman said .
" The question now is that we see someone getting beaten up by police , and we have to investigate it . "
The commission said it was seeking to obtain the video and " will be assessing this along with the other statements and photographs that have already been submitted . "
Watch video showing police allegedly shoving man »
An autopsy revealed that a heart attack caused Tomlinson 's death , according to the police complaints commission .
In the video posted on The Guardian 's site , the man identified as Tomlinson can be seen stepping in front of a line of police officers with dogs , his hands in his pockets , and walking slowly .
After a few seconds , an officer without a dog , but wielding a baton , rushes him from behind and knocks him to the pavement .
The line of officers stops and a civilian approaches Tomlinson .
For a few moments , Tomlinson appears to speak with the officers .
The camera then pans the line of officers , and Tomlinson can be seen walking across the frame away from the officers .
Shortly after the video was shot , Tomlinson collapsed .
The police complaints commission announced Monday that it was conducting an investigation into one event before Tomlinson 's death and had reviewed several hours of footage from the closed circuit television network that covers much of London .
In his first appearance on the CCTV footage , Tomlinson , who is believed to have been walking home from work , approaches a police cordon opposite the Bank of England , where some of the protests were taking place .
Officers refused to let him through , the commission said .
Next , Tomlinson shows up on the video a few blocks away .
Witnesses recalled seeing him in that location , where he was caught up in a crowd and pushed back by police officers , the commission said .
The commission was investigating that incident .
" This would have been a few minutes before he collapsed , " said Deborah Glass , commissioner for London .
" It is important that we are able to establish as far as possible whether that contact had anything to do with his death . "
A short time later , the commission said , CCTV cameras captured Tomlinson leaving that area .
" Mr. Tomlinson walks for about three more minutes , before collapsing , " the commission said .
Bystanders tried to help him , while others alerted police .
Officers arrived , bringing with them emergency services personnel .
They loaded Tomlinson on a stretcher and transported him to the hospital , where he was pronounced dead .
All About G20 Industrial Nations • London
First DVD - Compatible Blu-ray Replication Line Posted April 29 , 2009 09:45 AM by Juan Calonge
Hong Kong - based company
Anwell has recently made strides to gain market share in the Blu-ray replication manufacturing sector .
As part of that initiative , they have developed the Smart - BD Combo system , a optical disc replicator that supports both Blu-ray and legacy DVD .
Details of this new replication line were given at the Media - Tech Europe 2009 event in Frankfurt .
The line can produce DVD as well as both single and dual - layer BD , said Anwell 's global sales channel manager Eddy Wong .
Until now , existing BD replication lines could only manufacture BDs or CDs , which usually was n't a profitable operation .
The Smart - BD Combo system will have an affordable entry - level cost , which will help companies nervous about moving into the BD sector .
" Companies can use the system for their everyday DVD production and then , when they do get orders for BD25 , they can use the system for that , with upgrades then available to continue into the BD50 sector . "
As Blu-ray run volumes are still low , the combo solution makes it possible for anyone to invest , Wong said .
" That way replicators are making money by using the system for DVD instead of having to wait until BD demand ramps up to profitable levels . "
Source : one·to·one | Permalink | [ Country settings ]
Sort by popularity Sort by date
rghuxley Apr 29 , 2009 Great news !!!!!!!!
Keep the Blu innovations coming !
jjgrnak Apr 29 , 2009 there are n't even blank blu - ray discs are there ?
Top reviewer
Top contributor
Top reviewerTop contributor BD4 Life Apr 29 , 2009 jjgrnak , there are blank BD discs , but they are still expensive compared to blank DVD media .
They need to come down ( Burners to ) in price , way down .
Top reviewer
Top contributor
Top reviewerTop contributor dobyblue Apr 29 , 2009 Yeah but what are the cycle times and yields ?
( Just kidding !!!!!)
=D
Sidewinder Apr 29 , 2009 Yeah and where is my copy of The Dark Knight on BD ??
I keep getting silly excuses about reproduction line saturation and that 'll have to wait until Christmas 2009 !!
I miss those times
Top reviewer
Top reviewer fettastic Apr 29 , 2009
One less thing for the redbois to bitch about .
That 's always good news .
dialog_gvf Apr 29 , 2009
Ah , more " science fiction " become science fact .
Add comment
Please login to post a comment .
( This article was first published last week on Playboy.com )
America is now in a state of bloodlust , following the shocking realization that there are bad people at the top of our economic food chain .
We knew there were some bad apples out there , but AIG ’s $ 450 million bonus swindle simply defies everything we assumed about the American character , particularly the character of our best and brightest , our All - Star Success Stories .
It was one thing to bail out their banks and insurance companies — at least our tax dollars were n’t being wired directly to specific people with names and faces , but rather to “ institutions , ” which makes it a little more palatable .
But now , with the AIG scandal , there are real people stuffing their pockets with money looted from us .
It suggests that they have no conscience .
That they learned nothing .
That , in fact , they did n’t give a fuck about our bailout on any emotional grounds , except as it presented a new feeding opportunity .
Despite how it works in the movies , we have n’t been brought closer together — we , the common folk taxpayers , and they , the super - wealthy villains we bailed out .
And this is what ’s so enraging and humiliating :
We were denied that cinematic transformation of character that Americans have been brainwashed to expect from our billionaire CEOs with their hardened hearts - of - gold — think Oscar Schindler ’s climactic anti-greed speech , or Mister Magoo throwing coins out the window in the cartoon version of A Christmas Carol .
The shock we ’re feeling today is like the shock and rage a wife feels after her husband is arrested on 152 counts of child molestation spanning three decades .
How could we not know , when it ’s been going on every day , every year , right in front of us ?
“ This watch ! ( sniff ! ) … ”
Why ca n’t America ’s plutocrats be a little more Schindler , and a little less Fiennes ?
If we ’d cared to look around us at any time since the Reagan Revolution , we ’d realize that the CEOs , billionaires and finance stars are behaving no differently today than they have been for nearly three decades .
When we look back , what will pain us most is the way we admired the billionaires even as they brought about our ruin , turning them into TV celebrities and magazine - cover heroes , worshipping them like rock stars right up to the end .
A perfect example of the kind of person who benefited from the Reagan Revolution is Al “ Chainsaw ” Dunlap , a corporate superstar during the peak Clinton years , when Reaganomics accelerated under the guiding hands of Alan Greenspan , Larry Summers , and Robert Rubin .
It was during Clinton ’s centrist pro-business presidency that innovations like the like mass - layoff ( rebranded as “ downsizing ” ) became a regular feature of economicbooms , rather than of economic busts , as they had been in the past .
Layoffs expanded right with the economy for the simple reason that each mass firing freed up millions or billions of dollars that had gone to workers , but now could be divided up between executives and major shareholders .
The problem was finding people cold - blooded enough to do the job — which is to say , there was no problem whatsoever .
As Dunlap himself boasted in a 1998 interview with Fortune magazine , “ Mickey Mouse could do the cost cutting . ”
By that time , he was already a celebrity with a nine - figure net worth .
It all started back in 1994 , when Al Dunlap was named CEO of Scott Paper .
His first move was to fire nearly one - third of the workforce , or 11,200 workers .
This cheered investors , who piled in , driving Scott Paper ’s stock up by 225 percent .
By reclaiming the sum total of whatever 11,200 workers earned and redistributing it to the shareholders and executives , Dunlap earned himself a $ 100 million payout for 19 months of “ Mickey Mouse ” chainsaw duty .
Mutual fund billionaire Michael Price was so impressed that in 1996 he brought Dunlap in to “ restructure ” one of his portfolio investments , the ailing Sunbeam Enterprises .
The mere announcement that Dunlap would take his chainsaw onto Sunbeam ’s factory floor and massacre all those payroll - sucking employees caused Sunbeam ’s stock to rise 60 percent as portfolio investors rushed to get a chunk of the promised loot .
And Chainsaw
Al did n’t disappoint : as soon as he had an office , he fired 6,000 Sunbeam employees , or half the work force .
Investors roared in approval , driving the stock straight up for four months .
But in a now - familiar plot - twist that has repeated itself over the past 30 years , it turned out that Dunlap was n’t the great Rand - inspired corporate innovator that he and the media made him out to be .
Instead , his “ success ” looks to have from the oldest trick in town : cooking the books .
When the shit hit the fan , he was fired , and sued .
According to an SEC lawsuit filed against Dunlap , he led a team that :
“ employed a laundry list of fraudulent techniques to falsely give the picture of a successful turnaround , falsely raising results , in an attempt to sell the company at an inflated price . ”
Sunbeam filed for bankruptcy and shareholders lost $ 4.4 billion in value .
Even though Dunlap was fired from the company he destroyed , he still walked away with at least $ 16 million .
The SEC looked at all this destruction , and decided to punish him with a $ 500,000 fine .
When you consider that he ’d already netted at least $ 116 million in the span of a few years , a half - million dollar “ punishment ” for all that destruction was n’t even so much as a slap on the wrist .
Moreover , the settlement allowed Dunlap to avoid having to admit wrongdoing .
This same arc has been repeated all over the American economy — what we once thought were isolated cases turned out to be a pattern , and the pattern repeated so much up down corporate America that it finally became clear :
These things are the rule .
No wonder the SEC never came down hard on anyone : it would have meant shutting down the entire economy and starting from scratch .
In the past , when downsizings and payouts happened , they were seen as a necessary evil in the overall march to a free - market utopia .
Now we understand that what really happened was n’t as complicated or theoretical as it was made out to be .
It was a straight - forward transfer of wealth out of the pockets of , say , 11,200 employees at Scott Paper into the pockets of Wall Street bankers and their CEO henchmen .
No matter how many words like “ efficiency ” and “ restructuring ” you gloss it with , it ’s still taking money that formerly went into one group ’s pocket , and giving to another , much smaller group .
What ’s so strange , looking back , is n’t just the blatant , shameless plundering of thousands of American families for a few individual ’s excessive profit , but the way we all adored them while they were in mid-plunder .
Just look again at Al Dunlap : he did n’t even try to pretend he was likeable or even human , but still we were licking his boots .
As Chainsaw Al himself boasted to the New York Daily News back in 1996 , when asked about how he could pocket so much money while destroying so many employees ’ lives , “ Did I earn it ?
Damn right I did !…
I ’m a superstar in my field , much like Michael Jordan in basketball and Bruce Springsteen . . . “ Looking back , the Daily News ’ question to Dunlap is absurd .
It ’s like asking a crocodile how he could possibly eat a baby wildebeest when its mother is right there on the riverbank watching .
“ I earned it !
Damn right ! ” is exactly what the croc would answer .
And Dunlap was right , too : we made him a superstar .
He did n’t just get away with it , he was a hero for doing what none of us had the guts ( or conscience ) to do .
As the Daily News itself noted , “ When he fires thousands of workers , he boasts about it . ”
You might expect someone who caused as much destruction as Al Dunlap would want to keep a low profile , if not out of a guilty conscience then at least out of a fear that a destroyed worker might hunt him down and get some payback .
In the old days that ’s what they did .
What held those workers back from going to a Dunlap book signing and exacting some revenge ?
Why did n’t a single person ever attack him ?
Dunlap at one of his book signings , not even pretending to worry that one of his adoring fans might be out to get him .
It just was n’t considered .
Not until two weeks ago , when AIG ’s Financial Products division received so many death threats and hate emails that they hired armed security guards to protect them from potential revenge attacks .
And yet , there ’s a silver lining :
The government is finally being forced to act on the taxpayer ’s behalf , and make a serious attempt to recover the millions in bonus money from the AIG looters .
This is a class war , in case you did n’t know .
On one side are the reptiles like Dunlap , AIG , and so on ; on the other side , the humans , us .
We ’re at a huge disadvantage because , like in Starship Troopers , we ’re saddled with a conscience and with fear , and the reptile - plutocrats are n’t .
They ’re not afraid of shame or fines ; but they want to live , as all life forms do .
That ’s why death threats are bringing real results :
Death threats work when you ’re dealing with reptiles like AIG ’s financial products division .
To see what I mean , let ’s go back again to the example of Al “ Chainsaw ” Dunlap :
In 1967 , unions were much stronger , income disparities were much narrower , and Americans did n’t culture - hump their bosses .
Back then , Al Dunlap tried to apply his “ chainsaw ” to a company called Sterling Pulp & Paper .
He proposed mass firings of its unionized workforce to bring down costs and boost the owners ’ share .
But Sterling ’s 1967 workers were n’t like Sunbeam ’s or Scott Paper ’s in the 1990s .
They did n’t roll over and accept the downsizing with a sullen grumble .
Instead , to quote from Dunlap ’s own book , “ There were also physical threats of violence .
We received anonymous calls and letters from nuts who said they were going to blow up my car or shoot me in the parking lot . ”
It worked : Dunlap caved in to the “ nuts , ” the workers were n’t downsized , and Dunlap eventually was forced to retreat .
( A biographical note : according to the book Testosterone , Inc. , Dunlap ’s first wife divorced him on grounds of “ extreme cruelty ” after he allegedly took a knife to her and said , “ I ’ve always wondered what human flesh tastes like . ” )
But America was a different country back then .
We were n’t in awe of the CEO class , and they were kept in check .
In 1978 , American CEOs made more than 30 times the average salary of their company ’s employees ; by the early 2000s , CEOs made more than 500 times the average salary of their employees .
Workers were n’t losing just a portion of the wealth , but also their pensions , health care , vacation time and job security .
Over the past few months , with the repetition of scandals and villains — whose names are different but whose machinations are all roughly the same — we ’re starting to understand that people like Al Dunlap were n’t the aberrations we hoped they were .
We see a similar modus operandi at work with Lehman ’s Dick Fuld , with Merrill Lynch ’s John Thain , with the Countrywide execs ( who ’ve bounced back recently with a new scheme to profit off the misery of Americans ) , with Washington Mutual ’s ex-CEO Kerry Killinger , with Bernie Madoff , and now with AIG ’s derivatives traders .
They may not be as crude and boastful as Dunlap , but they were far more successful at plunder than he was .
The really scary thing is that pretty much everywhere you see a “ success story ” in corporate America or Wall Street , you ’ll find a variation on the “ Chainsaw ” Dunlap story : plunder , looting , destruction — the reptiles versus the humanoids .
A couple of weeks ago , while researching for an article on the shooting spree in southern Alabama that left 11 people dead , I came across a variation of the Dunlap Plunder in an unlikely place : Pilgrim ’s Pride chicken , the largest chicken processor in the world .
I looked into Pilgrim ’s Pride because the company was high on the shooter ’s alleged “ hit list . ”
At the top of his grievances : he and his mother had both filed lawsuits against Pilgrim ’s Pride in 2006 claiming they ’d been cheated out of their wages .
They were n’t the only ones :
A class -action lawsuit filed by over 10,000 employees charged the Pilgrim ’s Pride with denying payment for overtime work , and the U.S. Labor department agreed .
In 2007 , the US Labor Department slapped a paltry $ 3 million fine on Pilgrim ’s Pride for illegally undercounting work hours .
It gets worse : Pilgrim ’s Pride ’s founder Lonnie “ Bo ” Pilgrim overleveraged the company in 2006 , the year everyone was overleveraging , in order to acquire rivals and overtake Tyson as the world ’s number one chicken producer .
He achieved his goal , and assured shareholders it was a wise move ; but that ’s when the company started getting sued for shaving employees ’ salaries , which is another way of saying transferring money from the workers to the owners .
Last year , shareholders filed suit against Pilgrim ’s Pride , charging securities fraud .
By December , the company declared bankruptcy , thereby protecting the billionaire Pilgrim family from its creditors and aggrieved workers and shareholders .
In short : wealth transferred from the pockets of local fireman , police , teachers and utilities into the pockets of the Pilgrim family .
But supposedly there ’s nothing we can do .
Like AIG , Pilgrim ’s Pride is holding a proverbial gun to the American government ’s head : if it goes into Chapter 7 and collapses , then as bad as things are now , it could get much worse , with its 50,000 employees facing layoffs and dozens of factories facing closure .
As a result , the USDA announced that we , the taxpayers , will spend tens of millions to buy Pilgrim ’s Pride chicken .
Meanwhile , Pilgrim ’s Pride responded by shutting down three plants anyway , and the bankruptcy judge has allowed former executives of Pilgrim to be rehired as “ consultants ” on company retainer .
Amid all of this , the man who went on his shooting rampage a couple weeks ago , Michael McLendon , appears to have been set off by a decision by Pilgrim ’s Pride to suspend his 53 - year - old mother from her factory job due to a dispute over how she counted her work hours — the same dispute that Pilgrim has been fighting and losing the past few years .
You would think they would n’t do something as brash as suspend an employee over a work - time related dispute , not during a lawsuit , not during bankruptcy , not now with Obama in power .
Right ?
But they did .
The new Florida State University “ Albert Dunlap Student Success Center ” was inaugurated last September , when the financial crisis hit .
Dunlap put up $ 5 million , and the state put up the other $ 8.5 million or so .
Dunlap was awarded an honorary degree in human dissection , before slithering back into his swamp - lair in the Everglades .
Which brings me back to the original point of this article , which is to say that we ’ve finally learned our bitter Brady Bunch lesson :
The economic elite of this country is made up of people whose exterior features look human , but whose brains are reptilian .
That ’s why AIG ’s behavior , and all the rest of them , makes so much sense — both their bottomless appetite for plunder in the face of no resistance , and the way they have released the loot from their jaws and scrambled away to the muddy river bottom at the first sign of serious threats from the humans they ’ve been feeding on .
They ’ll retreat for awhile , but in the end , a croc ’s got to eat , and his idea of eating is n’t our idea of eating .
Things in this country could get very strange and very hardcore .
Stay tuned .
W hen he was n't busy fornicating them to death , Johnson Aziga must have hated women .
Alternatively , the former Ontario civil servant was entirely indifferent to females , without feeling or conscience as he introduced a silent killer – cloaked in lust – into their lives .
Dishonest and duplicitous , thinking only of his immediate sexual gratification , the 52 - year - old knowingly and intentionally exposed his unsuspecting lovers to the HIV virus right up until the morning of his arrest on Aug. 30 , 2003 .
He cut a wide swath with his penis .
On Saturday , after deliberating for three days , a Hamilton jury found Aziga guilty on two counts of first - degree murder , 10 counts of aggravated sexual assault and one count of attempted aggravated sexual assault .
It was a historic verdict :
The first time in Canada – or anywhere in the world , as far as the prosecution is aware – that a criminal case involving the reckless transmission of HIV has resulted in a murder conviction .
Deliberate , without prophylactic protection , done in full awareness that infection of others might result , withholding his HIV - positive status and repeatedly denying his condition to sexual partners who inquired .
Two of those women subsequently died from AIDS - related lymphoma , their videotaped testimony – given shortly before they passed away – played for the jury .
Five other women have tested positive for HIV , the virus that causes AIDS .
Four more women have tested negative .
But it 's still aggravated sexual assault because , as the Crown successfully argued , valid consent cannot be given when information about a partner 's diagnosed HIV - positive status has been withheld .
There is an obligation , legally and morally , to disclose .
Aziga did not tell and , further , denied it when directly quizzed by girlfriends who were persuaded to cease using condoms .
All the while , Aziga was receiving antiretroviral therapy to control the advance of his illness .
Early detection is crucial for treatment of HIV , modern drugs now extremely effective as intervention , such that the virus is no longer a looming death sentence .
Aziga never gave his many lovers that benefit .
He , however , appears perfectly healthy , continuing his drug regimen through the nearly six years thus far spent in custody .
Now , he will likely die in prison : First - degree murder means a mandatory life sentence , with no parole eligibility for 25 years .
The trial took five years to come to court , Aziga firing several lawyers along the way , and six months to conclude .
Aziga never did take the stand in his own defence .
But he 'd hardly been a mute defendant .
Superior Court Justice Thomas Lofchik allowed the separated father of three to indulge in oratory during earlier phases of the judicial proceeding , which could not be reported at the time .
In late 2006 , Aziga – who often scoured legal textbooks in court – mounted his own arguments in opposition to the criminalizing of HIV transmission .
" This is an issue in which it takes two to tango , the sex issue , " he expounded .
" Somebody may be ... fraudulent and so mean , but it takes two .
It 's unfortunate , some people are being reported dead ...
As I said , this is a statement of frustration , not necessarily of anger , especially when you see the exercise that is going on .
When we are talking about somebody dying , trying to see whether it should be accepted ( as evidence ) or not . "
Shockingly , there are some AIDS activists who support the view that HIV - positive individuals have no obligation to reveal their status to sexual partners ; that everyone is responsible for taking their own precautions .
One school of thought contends that criminalizing even reckless behaviour will discourage people from being tested for HIV as a pre-emptive legal defence :
They did n't know they were infected , so can't be held accountable for passing on the virus .
Aziga was diagnosed with HIV in 1996 .
He received counselling from medical staff on both safe sex practices and his legal obligation to disclose positive status to sexual partners .
Fully educated about the virus , Aziga nevertheless continued his reckless behaviour before and after separating from his wife .
Twice he was issued with orders under the Health Protection and Promotion
Act to abstain from sex involving penile penetration unless he disclosed his HIV and wore a latex condom " from onset of erection . "
Following his arrest – his photo circulated in the media – several other women came forward to lodge complaints with police .
In the end , there were 13 complainants , though two were dropped en route to trial .
The Crown presented evidence that all the women contracted an HIV strain from a shared source , a strain rare in North America but common in areas of Africa .
Aziga hails from Uganda .
He liked his women white , plain , even homely and probably lonely .
They were co-workers , single - mom neighbours and ladies picked up in bars .
Of course , to make love is not necessarily to like and clearly not to give a damn .
Rosie DiManno usually appears Monday , Wednesday , Friday and Saturday .
Quotes
first lines
Title Card
gunshots and screams
Woman
subtitled from Italian
: The godfather was born Vito Andolini , in the town of Corleone in Sicily .
In 1901 his father was murdered for an insult to the local Mafia chieftain .
His older brother Paolo swore revenge and disappeared into the hills , leaving Vito , the only male heir , to stand with his mother at the funeral .
He was nine years old . : []
They 've killed the boy !
They 've killed young Paolo !
They 've killed your son Paolo !
How to Use Multiple Browsers on a Single Machine To Check Your Site for Cross - Browser Compatibility
How to Check Your Website with Multiple Browsers on a Single Machine ( Cross - Browser Compatibility Checking )
by Christopher Heng , thesitewizard.com
We all know the importance of checking our web pages with multiple browsers , especially when we are designing a new layout for a website .
This is the case even if we are writing validated standards - compliant code .
This article suggests some ways for you to run multiple browsers ( and if you wish , even multiple versions of each ) on one computer .
Mozilla Firefox
The Mozilla Firefox browser has an auto - update facility that automatically keeps it up - to - date , so in most cases , it is enough for you to test your site with the latest version , to know how it will appear for most Firefox users .
However , if you want to be thorough , there is also an ESR ( short for Extended Support Release ) version of the browser , with a slightly earlier rendition of its engine , which Mozilla maintains for the sake of big companies that do n't want to keep chasing new versions of browsers that update every few months .
I tend to ignore the ESR version in the testing of my sites , but if you feel you need to check yours with multiple versions of Firefox , you can easily do so , since they can co-exist with each other ( with a little help from you ) .
To do this , install them into separate directories and create a different profile for each browser you install .
( The browser allows you to create different profiles so that you can store different settings for different situations . )
To create a profile , start the browser with the following command line :
" c: \Program Files\Mozilla Firefox\firefox " - ProfileManager
( The above assumes that this particular version of the browser was installed in " c: \Program Files \Mozilla Firefox\ " .
Adjust it accordingly for each different version . )
Once you 've finished creating profiles , you will want to create shortcuts to run the different versions of the browser .
It will make life easier for you since you can then just click the appropriate icon , and it will load using the correct profile .
To specify which profile the browser is to use , put the profile name after a " - P " option .
For example , if you have created a profile named " currentfirefox " , your command line will look something like this :
" C: \Program Files\Mozilla Firefox\firefox.exe " - P currentfirefox
Similarly , your command to run a different version of Firefox with a profile called " oldversion " may look like this :
" c: \Program Files \ Old Firefox Version\firefox " - P oldversion
And so on .
Anyway , as I said earlier , you may not need to keep different versions around to test .
I suppose it 's useful if your site uses bleeding - edge features that are only implemented in the latest browsers .
For most people , simply installing and testing with the latest version will probably be adequate .
Chrome and Microsoft Edge
Google 's Chrome browser , and the latest version of Microsoft Edge both use the same engine ( called " Blink " ) .
In general , you can expect that the vast majority of people who use Chrome to be using the latest released version , since that browser automatically updates itself whether you want it to or not .
Although the version of Microsoft Edge that uses the Blink engine has been released , and can be manually downloaded from Microsoft 's site , it will only be automatically rolled out to all Windows 10 machines in the May 2020 Windows 10 feature update ( or so I assume ) .
Do n't be deceived by the " May 2020 " designation .
That is just the release name .
Feature updates are staggered , presumably to avoid problems , so not everybody will receive it in May 2020 .
That said , once this latest version of Edge is installed , it will automatically be kept up - to - date by Windows .
Since these browsers are automatically updated to the latest versions , I merely test my sites with whatever is currently available .
In addition , they use the same engine , so you do n't really need both .
If a site works with one , it will probably work with the other .
Internet Explorer and Legacy Microsoft Edge
Internet Explorer ( " IE " for short ) used to be the majority browser in its heyday , though it has long been dethroned .
And since Microsoft has already replaced it with its newer Microsoft Edge browser , it is also no longer updated .
If you feel that you need to test your site with that browser , the main version to try is IE 11 , since earlier ones have been discontinued .
If you do n't have a version of Windows that has IE 11 , or if you do n't use Windows at all , the easiest way is to install a virtual machine .
It is not only that it is officially Microsoft - sanctioned method , but they even provide the necessary virtual machines for you to use .
You can also use this method to test your site with what Microsoft calls " Legacy Microsoft Edge " , that is , Edge running the older EdgeHTML engine .
Loosely speaking , virtual machine software allow you to run another copy of Windows within your existing system , be it Windows , macOS , Linux , FreeBSD or whatever .
The virtual machine software pretends to be a new computer , running in a window within your existing system .
Microsoft provides pre-activated copies of Windows with IE 11 and Edge in virtual machines free of charge to web developers who need to test their sites with these browsers .
The pre-activated Windows expires periodically , so you will need to download a fresh copy from time to time .
You will also need to install one of the supported virtual machine software .
For Windows users , this is either one of the free software found on the Free PC Virtual Machines page ( eg VirtualBox or VMWare Player ) , or VMware Workstation ( commercial software ) .
Mac users can use either VirtualBox ( which is free ) , Parallels Desktop ( a commercial program ) or VMWare Fusion ( also a commercial program ) .
Linux users can use VirtualBox .
Once you 've installed the software and downloaded the virtual machine from Microsoft , all you have to do is to run it .
This will give you a copy of the appropriate version of Windows with a matching version of IE or Edge , which you can use to surf to your website to test it .
Safari
The macOS Safari web browser shares a lot of code in common with both Chome and Edge ( the Blink version ) , since their engines were all originally derived from a browser called Konqueror .
This similarity will diverge over time , since the engine for Safari ( called " WebKit " ) is being developed separately from the other two .
There are no current versions of Safari for Windows , so I do n't test my sites with it .
Frankly , I doubt many Windows / Linux webmasters do either .
( Before you ask , although there are things such as free Mac emulators , which are software that run in Windows but pretend to be a Mac and thus can run Mac software , they are not particularly useful from a webmasters ' point of view .
The working Mac emulators pretend to be the old obsolete Macs , not the modern ones . )
Mobile Phone Browsers
If your site uses a straightforward responsive web design , that resizes itself according to the browser window width , in most cases , you can get away with resizing your desktop browser window to see what a mobile phone user will get when he / she visits your site .
Firefox even has a " Responsive Design Mode " with preset window widths that makes it easy to do this .
For more complicated sites ( eg , if yours provides an online game which your visitors can play ) , you will probably want to test it on a real phone .
There are also such things as Android emulators , that you run on your computer to mimic an Android phone .
Conclusion
It 's a good idea to test your site with multiple browsers , particularly if you plan to do anything fancy with style sheets on your site .
This way , you can at least have confidence that things will appear as they should .
Copyright 2003 - 2020 by Christopher Heng .
All rights reserved .
Get more free tips and articles like this , on web design , promotion , revenue and scripting , from https://www.thesitewizard.com/.
thesitewizard ™ News Feed ( RSS Site Feed )
Do you find this article useful ?
You can learn of new articles and scripts that are published on thesitewizard.com by subscribing to the RSS feed .
Simply point your RSS feed reader or a browser that supports RSS feeds at https://www.thesitewizard.com/thesitewizard.xml.
You can read more about how to subscribe to RSS site feeds from my RSS FAQ .
Please Do Not Reprint This Article
This article is copyrighted .
Please do not reproduce or distribute this article in whole or part , in any form .
Related Pages
New Articles
Popular Articles
How to Link to This Page
To link to this page from your website , simply cut and paste the following code to your web page .
< a href = " https://www.thesitewizard.com/webdesign/multiplebrowsers.shtml " target = " _top " > How to Check Your Website with Multiple Browsers on a Single Machine ( Cross - Browser Compatibility Checking ) </ a>
It will appear on your page as :
How to Check Your Website with Multiple Browsers on a Single Machine ( Cross - Browser Compatibility Checking )
Copyright © 2003 - 2020 by Christopher Heng .
All rights reserved .
thesitewizard™ , thefreecountry ™ and HowToHaven™ are trademarks of Christopher Heng .
This page was last updated on 18 May 2020 .
One of the disturbing trends of the financial crisis has n’t simply been the willy - nilly shifting of costs onto the taxpayer , even when there were investors in risk capital , aka bondholders and stockholders , who properly should take the hit first .
As distressing is the repeated , flagrant disregard for the rule of law , starting with the Treasury Secretary being put outside the reach of the courts in his oversight of the TARP , the use of the Fed and FDIC to circumvent budgetary requirements , failure to resolve banks in danger of being insolvent as required under the law , and rampant signs of cronyism ( for instance , participation in the legacy securities program being limited to a few large players ) .
In a further sign of an imperial Presidency in action , the Washington Post describes how the Obama administration is circumventing bailout legislation by channeling fund through various entities , then contending the the end recipients are n’t subject to Congressional requirements .
Huh ?
Notice that the Chairman of the House Oversight Committee , a Democrat , is none too happy .
From the Washington Post :
The Obama administration is engineering its new bailout initiatives in a way that it believes will allow firms benefiting from the programs to avoid restrictions imposed by Congress , including limits on lavish executive pay , according to government officials … .
The administration believes it can sidestep the rules because , in many cases , it has decided not to provide federal aid directly to financial companies , the sources said .
Instead , the government has set up special entities that act as middlemen , channeling the bailout funds to the firms and , via this two - step process , stripping away the requirement that the restrictions be imposed , according to officials .
Although some experts are questioning the legality of this strategy , the officials said it gives them latitude to determine whether firms should be subject to the congressional restrictions , which would require recipients to turn over ownership stakes to the government , as well as curb executive pay .
Yves here .
The US hass a rules based rather that a principles based legal system , but the flip side is that my impression was that in grey areas , courts looked hard at the legislation for intent .
And the intent here was crystal clear .
But this crowd loves the sort of deal structuring that would do a tax evader proud .
Back to the story :
The administration has decided that the conditions should not apply in at least three of the five initiatives funded by the rescue package .
This strategy has so far attracted little scrutiny on Capitol Hill , and even some senior congressional aides dealing with the financial crisis said they were unaware of the administration ’s efforts ….
Rep. Edolphus Towns ( D - N.Y. ) , chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , said the congressional conditions should apply to any firm benefiting from bailout funds .
He said he planned to review the administration ’s decisions and might seek to undo them .
“ We have to make certain that if they are using government money in any sort of way , there should be restrictions , ” he said …..
In one program , designed to restart small - business lending , President Obama ’s officials are planning to set up a middleman called a special - purpose vehicle — a term made notorious during the Enron scandal — or another type of entity to evade the congressional mandates …..
In another program , which seeks to restart consumer lending , a special entity was created largely for the separate purpose of getting around legal limits on the Federal Reserve , which is helping fund this initiative .
The Fed does not ordinarily provide support for the markets that finance credit cards , auto loans and student loans but could channel the funds through a middleman .
At first , when the initiative was being developed last year , the Bush administration decided to apply executive - pay limits to firms participating in this program .
But Obama officials reversed that decision days before it was unveiled on March 3 and lifted the curbs , according to sources who spoke on condition of anonymity because the discussions were private .
Obama ’s team is also planning to exempt financial firms that participate in a program designed to find private investors to buy the distressed assets on the books of banks .
But Treasury officials are still examining the legal basis for doing so .
Congress has exempted the Treasury from applying the restrictions in a fourth program , which aids lenders who modify mortgages for struggling homeowners …..
Legal experts said the Treasury ’s plan to bypass the restrictions may be unlawful .
“ They are basically trying to launder the money to avoid complying with the plain language of the law , ” said David Zaring , a former Justice Department attorney who defended the government from lawsuits involving related legal issues .
“ They are trying to create a loophole to ignore Congress , and I think the courts will think that it ’s ridiculous . ”
The Administration defends these actions as necessary , of course .
FOX employees are called “ Sadness Technicians . ”
I guess it ’s true that a tiger can’t change its stripes and a FOX ca n’t change its douchebaggery .
Long story short , FOX is not going to air the 13th ( and likely last ever ) episode of “ Dollhouse . ”
This news made fem - geek and “ Dr. Horrible ” star Felica Day sad , seeing as how she played a large - ish role in the episode .
FOX clarified that they only agreed to buy 13 episodes of Dollhouse ( wait … 13 sounds and awful lot like 13 ) , and they are included Joss Whedon ‘s original pilot which they decided to scrap .
Apparently Episode 12 caps off the season ’s story arch nicely and Episode 13 was intended as a stand alone episode ( remember when they did that at the end of Buffy Season 4 ?
They defeated Adam , the big bad , then had an ep all about dreams ) and although 20th Century Fox ( not to be confused with FOX ) produced the epsiode , FOX ( not to be confused with a company that understands or respects its audience ) has elected not to purchase it .
Episode 13 [ plot spoilers here ] may or may not be on the eventual DVD / Blu - Ray release of “ Dollhouse . ”
A confused man once said , “ Fool me once , shame on you .
Fool me twice … uh … ca n’t get fooled again . ”
So take those sage words to heart , FOX , you beheomoth of dick - holery .
The geeks “ uh … ca n’t be fooled again . ”
Do me a favor , though .
Next time you do decide to create a show aimed at geeks , put it in the worst time slot available , market it poorly , air the episodes out of order then cancel it … leave Joss Whedon out of it .
PS
I know I said I was n’t really buying in to “ Dollhouse , ” due to the incredibly slow start .
But it has really started to pick up in the last few eps and peak my interest .
Part of the reason I was being so hard on it , is that I knew it was n’t going to last .
The less I allow myself to get attached , the easier it will be to watch FOX strangle the show with its own intestines .
MORE SCIFI GEEKERY / SADNESS !
Watch the finale of “ Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles ” tonight .
It is also , likely to be the final episode ever .
You can catch up on the story HERE .
This is getting surreal .
Goldman principal program trading is now well over 5 x compared to its customer and agency trades and a 150 million share pick up compared to last week .
For yet another week , Goldman 's principal trading represents more than half of all NYSE member firm principal transactions .
Plunge Protection team
I am glad I am not the only one who notices these things ....
I am only speaking as someone who has watched the market since mid 90s and have never seen the behavior I see now .
Whenever a key technical average is threatened a magical flood of futures buying comes in .
Almost every morning the past 10 weeks pre market futures are green ( apparently there is not enough time to buy stocks between 9:30 AM and 4:00 PM ) .
The last 30 minutes has magical reversals - we saw it just last Thursday at a key moving average .
[ May 21 : Bookkeeping - Covering Index Shorts Around 3:30 - 3:45 PM
]
There can only be one entity who has the buying power to do this ... and with Goldman Sachs as the 4th arm of government you can use them behind closed doors .
But I am sure we 'll never know the truth ... and I hate to sound like a grassy knoll type but the market just does not act like it used to if you really watch closely .
The S&P now regularly jumps in 4 - 5 point increments in a matter of 60 - 120 seconds late in the day .
In my humble opinion the government knows so many quant and program trades now are tied to the indexes that it is easy to manipulate this market ... you lead , they will follow automatically ( by their programming ) .
So for a relatively low cost you can move things where they " should be " , and the momentum performance chasing computers will support your case .
And Goldman Sachs can pile up trading wins since somewhere in their bowels , in the cigar smoke ... cheers of victory cry out .
From late April via ZeroHedge Clearly in a ' free market ' system it would look embarrassing for this type of behavior to be out in the open .
But heck Japan was tossing around buying stock in the open market to support prices ; if we are down this same path let 's admit it .
Oh wait , " we 're not Japan " .
( we just follow all the same policies ) I am sure there is a clear explanation why Goldman Sachs only lost money 8 days the entire first quarter from their trading activity ( again this is like a baseball hitter hitting .600 or .700 for 3 months ) and 20 % of all volume now goes through their desk .
All happenstance ... Theis no urban myth [ Jan 9 , 2008 : An Amazing Blunt Commentary on the Plunge Protection Team ] - I just believe their actions in the past year or so have become a lot more easy to track , even for someone who does not sit in front of a Bloomberg terminal ... simply by watching how patterns now versus hwo it " used " to work .
Even Cramer voiced some commentary in this direction last summer .
[ Jul 14 , 2008 : Our Gospel is Spreading - Jim Cramer References " The Hand " ]
Keep in mind we have gaping holes in state pension plans , and people are peeved at what has happened to their 401ks .
What better way to solve one problem , and increase confidance in the " ownership " society .
2 minute video - people are catching on
( PhysOrg.com ) --
For years , researchers have been in search of an economically feasible method of converting nuclear energy directly into electricity .
Now , University of Missouri researchers are developing an energy conversion system that uses relatively safe isotopes to generate high - grade energy .
A system that directly converts nuclear energy into electricity would be cheaper than current nuclear conversion technology .
" Direct conversion of nuclear energy has not been possible previously , " said Mark Prelas , professor of nuclear engineering and director of research at MU 's Nuclear Science and Engineering Institute .
" Current nuclear technology has an intermediate thermalization phase between the nuclear reaction and when the energy is converted to electricity .
This phase reduces the efficiency of the energy conversion process . "
MU researchers have developed a process called Radioisotope Energy Conversion System ( RECS ) .
In the first step of the process , the ion energy from radioisotopes is transported to an intermediate photon generator called a fluorescer and produces photons , which are the basic units of light .
In the second step of the process , the photons are transported out of the fluorescer to photovoltaic cells , which efficiently convert the photon energy into electricity .
Since the 1980s , MU researchers have worked to develop electrical power from a nuclear light bulb , which is a way of generating hydrogen , electrical power and laser energy directly from nuclear reactions .
The nuclear light bulb was based on the Photon - Intermediate Direct Energy Conversion ( PIDEC ) .
PIDEC converts the high - grade ion energy to photon energy .
In addition to improved efficiency , the PIDEC process also promises advantages in volume , mass and cost .
" RECS effectively utilizes the PIDEC system , " Prelas said .
" The system we are developing is mechanically simple , potentially leading to more compact , more reliable and less expensive systems . "
Currently , the only method to convert nuclear technology into electricity is through nuclear fission .
In the process , water is heated to create steam .
The steam is then converted into mechanical energy that generates electricity .
Prelas has worked with industries , such as British Nuclear Fuel , Daimler Bentz and the U.S. Semiconductor Corp. on RECS commercialization issues .
He is the recipient of the 2009 Glenn Murphy Award given by the American Society for Engineering Education .
Provided by University of Missouri
Explore further Next generation nuke plant designs sought
Two employees of Medecins Sans Frontieres ( MSF ) have been kidnapped by gunmen in central Somalia .
The BBC's Somali Service says the two men , who work for MSF - Belgium , were taken in their car with their Somali bodyguards in Hudur , Bakol region .
The BBC's Mohammed Moalimo in Mogadishu says the area is run by the radical Islamist al - Shabab insurgent group .
A spokesman for MSF confirmed one Belgian and one Dutch aid worker were missing , but did not give more details .
" When we lose contact with teams we can't give much information because it can give problems afterwards , Michel Peremans said .
" I hope you can understand that this is too delicate , too problematic at this stage . "
News agencies quoted witnesses and local clan elders as saying the two aid workers were kidnapped .
Unnamed humanitarian sources also said the aid workers had been abducted .
The pair had been carrying out a nutrition study in Rabdhure , Reuters news agency reported .
The UN estimates 35 aid staff were killed last year and 26 abducted in the Horn of Africa nation , which has not had a functioning government since 1991 .
The dead included three MSF workers - a Kenyan doctor , a French logistician , and a Somali driver - caught in a roadside bomb in the town of Kismayo in January 2008 .
Al - Shabab has sworn to topple Somalia 's fragile federal transitional government , which is backed by African Union peacekeepers in Mogadishu .
New Mexico abolishes the death penalty Agence France - Presse
Published : Saturday March 14 , 2009
Print This Email This The New Mexico Senate voted to abolish capital punishment , a measure already approved by the lower House that Governor Bill Richardson must sign before it goes into effect , the Senate said on its website .
The Democratic - controlled Senate voted 24 - 18 to strike the death penalty from its law books .
Democrat Richardson , who last month withdrew as President Barack Obama 's pick to be commerce secretary , has not made clear whether he agrees with the repeal measure or plans to veto it , but lawmakers said they expect him to sign it into law .
Supporters of the measure argue that replacing the death sentence with life in prison without parole would save the state more than one million dollars a year .
New Mexico has executed only one inmate since the US Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1976 .
It currently has two inmates awaiting execution on death row .
There are about 10 US states currently considering repealing the death penalty , which is applied in 36 of the 50 states in the union .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
SAN FRANCISCO 
Yahoo is planning a new round of layoffs , the first since Carol Bartz became chief executive in January , according to several people with knowledge of the situation .
The layoffs could affect several hundred employees and may be announced as early as Tuesday when Yahoo reports first - quarter financial results , said these people , who agreed to speak on condition of anonymity because the plan is confidential .
A Yahoo spokesman , Brad Williams , declined to comment , citing a company policy not to discuss rumors and speculation .
The cuts would be the third round of layoffs at Yahoo in little more than a year .
The Internet company , which has been struggling for more than two years , laid off about 1,000 workers early in 2008 .
It cut 1,400 or so in the fourth quarter of last year , in continuing efforts to prune its sprawling online business and bring down expenses .
It ended the year with 13,600 employees .
Phusion Passenger is an Apache and Nginx module for deploying Ruby on Rails web applications , and is mainly focused on ease of use and stability .
Recent changes
Phusion Passenger is under constant maintenance and development .
We are pleased to announce Phusion Passenger version 2.2.2 .
This is a bug fix release .
The following things have changed since 2.2.1 :
Nginx / Apache : Rack 1.0.0 support
We now support the Rack 1.0 specification .
If you were experiencing any Rack - related problems then please upgrade to Phusion Passenger 2.2.2 .
Issue # 279 .
Please note that Rails edge have a few Rack - related bugs .
We submitted some patches , which are currently being reviewed : http://rails.lighthouseapp.com/projects/8994-ruby-on-rails/tickets/2564-acrequestcontent_type-should-return-a-string
Nginx : SSL fixes
In the Nginx version , calling request.ssl ? in Rails returned false even on SSL hosts .
This has been fixed : issue # 264 .
Nginx : PATH_INFO is now set correctly The Nginx version did n’t set PATH_INFO correctly .
Rails and Merb were unaffected because they use REQUEST_URI , but Rails Metal and Sinatra , and possibly other frameworks as well , were affected .
Issue # 260 .
Nginx : support for graceful restart A graceful restart used to leave junk processes behind .
This has been fixed : issue # 255 .
Nginx : ensure that the response line contains an HTTP reason phrase
If the backend application did n’t sent a reason phrase ( e.g. the “ OK ” part of “ 200 OK ” ) then the response sent by Nginx wo n’t contain a reason phrase as well .
This breaks Ajax requests on Internet Explorer , and probably some other browsers as well .
Phusion Passenger will now add a reason phrase if the original response did n’t contain one .
Issue # 278 .
Nginx : fixed a crash in passenger - install - nginx - module if the user specified a custom config file location
If the user specified a custom config file location by passing –conf - file to the Nginx configure script , the passenger - nginx - module will crash .
This has been fixed : issue # 272 .
Nginx : fixed a crash that occurs if the last header is an empty string
If the last header value that Nginx internally passes to the backend application is an empty string , then this would cause a crash in the backend application .
This problem has been fixed .
Nginx / Apache : proper support for fork ( )
In previous versions of Phusion Passenger , if one forks ( ) a child process without calling exec ( ) as well , then Phusion Passenger wo n’t finish the request cycle until the child process has exited .
This has been fixed : the child process wo n’t block the request cycle even if it does n’t call exec ( ) .
Note that the Spawn plugin attempted to fix this issue , but their fix does n’t work for Rails 2.3 .
We ’ve notified the author of the Spawn plugin about the fact that their fix is not necessary on Phusion Passenger 2.2.2 and later .
Users who use the Spawn plugin are advised to upgrade to Phusion Passenger 2.2.2 and the latest version of the Spawn plugin .
Nginx / Apache : fixed some problems on OS X Some compilation problems have been fixed .
passenger - memory - stats : fixed display of process command lines .
Nginx / Apache : The Rakefile is now parallelizable Future versions of Rake may support invoking tasks in parallel with the -j command line argument , just like make .
This can potentially speed up compilation .
We ’ve updated the Rakefile in preparation for this future Rake feature .
Nginx / Apache : documentation updates A few errors in the documentation have been fixed .
The Rackup specification for Ramaze has been updated .
How do I upgrade to 2.2.2 ?
Via a gem
Please install it with the following command :
gem install passenger
Next , run :
passenger - install - apache2- module
Or , if you ’re an Nginx user :
passenger - install- nginx - module
Please do n’t forget to copy & paste the Apache / Nginx config snippet that the installer gives you .
Via a native Linux package
John Leach from Brightbox has kindly provided an Ubuntu 8.04 package for Phusion Passenger .
The package is available from the Brightbox repository which you can find at :
http://apt.brightbox.net
Add the following line to the Third Party Software Sources :
deb http://apt.brightbox.net hardy main
( The simplest way to do that is to create a file in /etc/apt/sources.list.d/ containing the deb instruction , and then run ‘ apt - get update ’ ) .
Once you ’ve done this then you can install Phusion Passenger by running :
sudo apt - get install libapache2 - mod - passenger
- or-
sudo apt - get install nginx - brightbox
( Note that John is currently packaging 2.2.2 , so it might take a while before this release shows up in the apt repository . )
Final
Phusion Passenger is provided to the community for free .
If you like Phusion Passenger , please consider sending us a donation .
Thank you !
DETROIT  The Treasury Department is directing Chrysler to prepare a Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing as soon as next week , people with direct knowledge of the talks said Thursday .
The company faces a deadline of April 30 to come up with a viable business plan supported by its creditors , the United Automobile Workers union , and Fiat , the Italian car company that wants to acquire a stake in Chrysler .
The Obama administration has told Chrysler it will provide up to $ 6 billion in new financing , on top of the $ 4 billion in loans it has already given the company , if Chrysler can complete a deal by next Thursday with a cost structure that gives it a chance of survival .
The creditors have so far balked at the terms suggested by the Treasury .
But the negotiations have taken a new direction .
Treasury now has an agreement in principle with the U.A.W. , whose members ’ pensions and retiree health care benefits would be protected in the event of a bankruptcy filing , said the people with knowledge of the discussions , who asked for anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the case .
It was Pittsburg .
My Intel guru tells me that there are 26 Pirates in Pittsburg .
They boarded a plane 3 days ago for parts unknown .
26 pirates - that 's more than one per hostage .
I want you to know that I have taken decisive action on this .
I have dispatched a team of Navy SEaLs to track down the Pittsburg Pirates .
This deed will not go unpunished !
Intel has also told us that Jason Bay defected to the Boston area ( I knew he could n't be involved ) .
The Pirates are now led by someone called Jack Wilson .
Curious - that does n't sound like a Somali name ...
Facebook is the social network of choice for millions of people , but like any site out there , we all have our own list of improvements we 'd like to see .
Luckily the Greasemonkey script community feels the same way and has come up with hundreds of scripts to improve your user experience .
The scripts allow you to change colors , remove ads , automate repetitive tasks in applications and a whole slew of other improvements .
Try out these more than 10 great scripts to use Facebook the way you want to .
What are some of your favorite Greasemonkey based Facebook enhancements ?
Auto - Colorizer -
An interesting script that analyzes the default image for any profile you visit and adjusts the color scheme of the page to match it .
Also works on photos , events & group pages .
Facebook App Faviconizer -
If you open your apps in separate tabs , this will replace the Facebook favicon with the one used by each application so you can more quickly identify what is in each window .
Facebook Colour Changer -
Not only can you set the Facebook colors to anything you desire , but you may also change the logo image in the top left corner to whatever you want .
Facebook Fixer - Instead of loading several scripts , you can load Facebook Fixer and get larger profile images , video download links , Google Calendar integration and several other features .
Facebook Highlight Birthdays -
With all of the info on your homepage , it can be easy to overlook the birthday notices .
This script will highlight them for easier spotting .
Facebook Image Download Helper -
This script will allow you to use a Firefox extension like DownThemAll ! to download all of the images on a page in Facebook .
Facebook Video -
This script will not only give you the ability to download videos hosted on Facebook and convert them , but it will also provide you with the option of embedding the videos on other sites .
It is also available as a stand - alone Firefox extension .
Facebook View Photo in Album - A powerful script that allows you to view the photo albums of people you are n't friends with , and it also gives you the ability to see a person 's pictures no matter who took them .
Friend Quick Remove - Streamlines the usual three steps to remove a friend down to just one easy step .
inYOf4ceBook - Tired of squinting at thumbnail images of people in search , thinking they kinda look like the person you meant to find ?
inYOf4ceBook will let you place your mouse over the image and see a large view of it so you can actually tell who you are looking at .
New Facebook Layout Adjuster - Allows you to remove ads , sidebar and more to make a smoother looking version of the new Facebook .
Remove Facebook Ads -
As the name implies , this script removes all of the various ads that show up around Facebook such as banner ads , sponsored news items and so on .
March 30 , 2009
How Do You Feel About the Economy ?
Enter the word that best describes your current mood about the economy .
You can submit a response once a day .
This page will update with the most popular choices from NYTimes.com readers .
US Presidents before and after
Wednesday 14th January 2009
On 23rd January 2009 , at 04:13 am PKT , PakSpotter.com said : 8 years HAHA .
A little wishful dont you think ?
On 28th January 2009 , at 17:38 pm PKT , Tazeen said : ummm i dont think Obama would be spending 8 long years in White House .
On 28th January 2009 , at 22:46 pm PKT , Sajjad said :
If he gets re-elected for a second term , he will be .
All depends on how he delivers his promise of change .
On 21st February 2009 , at 06:27 am PKT , Gail said :
Do n't see why not , you people voted the last bonehead in there for two terms and LOOK WHERE WE ARE NOW !!!!
On 24th March 2009 , at 22:31 pm PKT , Jim Dicken said :
The last bonehead told you this economic downturn was coming .
He tried to stop the collapse of Fannie and Freddie and Obama , Reid and Pelosi Stopped him and the Republicans .
You seem to forget that up until the elections of 2006 things were humming along .
Then the Democrats took over congress in 2006 and the country has gone to hell in a hand basket .
The economic collapse was orchestrated by Democrats not by Bush .
The only bone head here is you for thinking this is a Republican Caused problem .
Obama has spent more money in 50 days than this country has spent in its HISTORY .
Now who is the bonehead .
On 24th March 2009 , at 23:14 pm PKT , JAW said : @ Jim Dicken
You really need to get your news from some place besides Fox News .
On 24th March 2009 , at 23:42 pm PKT , Henry K. said : @ Jim Dicken
Well said sir , well said .
The only thing that I would like to clarify factually about your statement is that Pelosi and Reid and Frank , amongst others , are only part of the problem .
Other Democrats such as Jimmy Carter , and those who instituted the Fair Housing Act , which mandated loans to people with a low credit rating , also caused this mess .
That 's not to mention the people who took out the loans that they could n't afford .
And let 's not leave the Republican administrations out of this , either !
It was implemented under Richard Nixon , I believe , or LBJ , and 4 Republican administrations failed to repeal it .
In the 70s , the act expanded under Jimmy Carter to include other minorities , many of whom were poor and had very poor credit
On 24th March 2009 , at 23:44 pm PKT , Henry K. said : @ Jim Dicken
Well said sir , well said .
The only thing that I would like to clarify factually about your statement is that Pelosi and Reid and Frank , amongst others , are only part of the problem .
Other Democrats such as Jimmy Carter , and those who instituted the Fair Housing Act , which mandated loans to people with a low credit rating , also caused this mess .
That 's not to mention the people who took out the loans that they could n't afford .
And let 's not leave the Republican administrations out of this , either !
It was implemented under Richard Nixon , I believe , or LBJ , and 4 Republican administrations failed to repeal it .
In the 70s , the act expanded under Jimmy Carter to include other minorities , many of whom were poor and had very poor credit
On 24th March 2009 , at 23:44 pm PKT , ME said : @ Jim Dicken
You are neither informed nor particularly intelligent , judging by the content of your comment .
On 24th March 2009 , at 23:49 pm PKT , Henry K. said : @JAW
Like where ?
Maybe the Daily Kos ?
FOX is n't really that biased , sir ... I watch their news the most , but I also tune in a lot to Charlie Gibson and Brian Williams , and I also sometimes force myself through Keith Olbermann 's show .
That , sir , is bias .
FOX News ?
Eh , not so much .
On 24th March 2009 , at 23:53 pm PKT , Henry K. said :
What the hell ?
Damn website cut off half of my comment ... here 's the rest .
Why is this so important ?
The banks which handed out these federally - mandated loans also had their fingers in many other economic pies , and when these were withdrawn to hold the housing bubble together , all of the other " pies " collapsed , leading us to our current crisis .
On 15th April 2009 , at 23:06 pm PKST , Multan Pakistan said : The Honeybee “ Nahel Asul ” Abu Bin Adam was a young child in Multan Pakistan , it was July 11th 1977 , the day was very hot and humid one of Abu ’s friend from school decided to skip school for that day to go and eat fresh honey from bee hives .
Abu and his friend decided to take the a few cows , buffalos , sheep ’s and his friends dog Tommy for herding and their job was to keep eyes on the animals and take them to the river so they can eat and swim .
Abu ’s favorite ride was the bull ride by holding the bulls horns and Abu ’s job was to keep eyes on the animals and to twist their tail whenever they slowed down .
After few hours they got to the river and went to find the bee hives , within an hour later they were able to find an hive underneath a mango tree in a mango garden , Abu ne
On 20th April 2009 , at 04:55 am PKST , Bruno F. Rivera said :
That 's what he looks like when he deliver a speech toward the Summit of the Americas and meeting with Hugo Chavez .
On 11th June 2009 , at 09:01 am PKST , Anonymous said : Hi ! Ebanij vrot !
esz6xj487x 1ioiad4bzp !
On 20th July 2009 , at 19:28 pm PKST , cnfMgxbQhOe said : 1La1 aV jswtvofg dzkorwvx mkgmizfc
On 21st July 2009 , at 08:46 am PKST , OaQKwNNBiycLS said : 6ThKsa mnpswagq yhkfzrsi uzatlqjx
On 22nd July 2009 , at 12:57 pm PKST , kRdDwaQOX said : 47168i xtdljmlj lveaehnf dbscgoxe
On 25th July 2009 , at 15:37 pm PKST , chELIobbC said : roapezow bjapwqav ynhwnrab
On 25th July 2009 , at 15:47 pm PKST , lzzLTZpH said : ezaahkib qfpiqzpt mzebndwg
On 25th July 2009 , at 16:09 pm PKST , cVEzMTOqwG said : vfghncqd nchyuvhb tpgpmcws
On 31st July 2009 , at 10:01 am PKST , wghtvTrtqNwVWb said : sjiybcyh dwtsnjya gxtdlvct
On 31st July 2009 , at 10:12 am PKST , KtNlMgJSFBvvqYLb said : aigzkgin adapyxnz vnovifoa
On 31st July 2009 , at 10:33 am PKST , FfyrLuxPcRmTyCfjV said : bdiuzoyv ytizyyxp zliqunnc
On 31st July 2009 , at 10:52 am PKST , LZCuvVbvM said : lihqtgcj ghlnokxo kccjmnrk
On 31st July 2009 , at 11:03 am PKST , QcAmTpzEUYcWS said : tggaaisy ggzvvubd iradnolf
On 31st July 2009 , at 11:25 am PKST , tfKoPePKkakCvb said : yyhddfaa kdxinsfi nidmktmt
On 31st July 2009 , at 11:42 am PKST , uiNBnUSVPx said : erzhbtsq ekilwwzv hipkfmev
On 31st July 2009 , at 11:53 am PKST , MZgaNJuopjz said : xvwjytkp klqplljo lotwsygz
On 31st July 2009 , at 12:15 pm PKST , xUwGgUZfzfoOusYuFs said : goepfycr uzcadtdv hudzwqyp
On 31st July 2009 , at 12:35 pm PKST , MIBPQetZXZP said : rtiatkle lbtydmjg avvjhqga
On 31st July 2009 , at 12:46 pm PKST , xYtEbSjMIjCUBTkLV said : txodvxil wpfygicm vyhysksx
On 31st July 2009 , at 13:08 pm PKST , UYlavsOHoiSILYTZaW said : nfigrknw hksoyxkh mijxltbv
On 31st July 2009 , at 13:26 pm PKST , jVilPCDbXkpupGZjSF
said : fnpzizjg tjbxngne vyvqcwuu
On 31st July 2009 , at 13:37 pm PKST , fhfAICYCJRNrWb said : wrrobzua rlqhxejv fdvytmff
On 31st July 2009 , at 13:58 pm PKST , yQppqYUZxTFG said : gqlayrex vtufcrmu elmgqfkk
On 31st July 2009 , at 14:16 pm PKST , SYkiPaOTnxf said : rvxzrogu tgsryiwu drtwnxny
On 31st July 2009 , at 14:27 pm PKST , eurUaOdpdODrYl said : illwipjp zwoftddv zhyiygli
On 31st July 2009 , at 14:50 pm PKST , xeTlanbrZJiLN said : vtgwzsib htkwgwgm drgxyoxy
On 31st July 2009 , at 15:08 pm PKST , PWUbMxZwqVAAoIwxHd said : drczpquq ohwnipww dbnxcrtz
On 31st July 2009 , at 15:19 pm PKST , oEmdHaeofqJKUjf said : zbwvcfgo uowrqrss qbuynizo
On 31st July 2009 , at 15:40 pm PKST , BDayQvIetQmsvQnCKg said : kqkpkyfx oazeeofv bblrvyue
On 31st July 2009 , at 15:58 pm PKST , DLZOgmEJalHPag said : manqgamv kyacxqjd tjhszsih
On 31st July 2009 , at 16:09 pm PKST , dNmcnXZtUBgOiTsOqQ said : wqcvpket mmnvirpz vgdvpxse
On 31st July 2009 , at 16:31 pm PKST , UXkkpAVAhCEuX said : pfcfkosr zlelubet vmigknge
On 31st July 2009 , at 16:49 pm PKST , ORGITSJPCYA said : bhstikmr fngpfgnn mjdqcfjl
On 31st July 2009 , at 16:59 pm PKST , aeXEYQPsJaHn said : snljnlrb fdjcflat vqsejgvh
On 31st July 2009 , at 17:21 pm PKST , ZQLzYjfxfWZyukB said : nkiiomjz muxvmwnk qwyxjcmx
On 31st July 2009 , at 17:39 pm PKST , aMAjzvTTpcikxuVNloi said : pcstfizr mhklgqqe kwietzls
On 31st July 2009 , at 17:49 pm PKST , vHMHtpzYtUCygwTX said : rymdlezr rjebuzdf iqpvlvvs
On 31st July 2009 , at 18:12 pm PKST , njPoxBlEpOSlBIxUA said : iivzoyrq touabzsn kkqmdgjg
On 1st August 2009 , at 05:17 am PKST , qOwBSeZknSYfjXimZN said : newzmuaw yroguruh ofanulsf
On 1st August 2009 , at 05:31 am PKST , vECAmZQMUDN said : gbwhvouv obwedief bntclvua
On 1st August 2009 , at 05:52 am PKST , VYjzwMSxwtLOHm said : ichgwsmi jhazinzc zhiktikv
On 1st August 2009 , at 06:37 am PKST , JJSAFZMdIBJ said : juqvbthr lvmkufdx gmogjfrw
On 1st August 2009 , at 06:52 am PKST , isZadtBcriynelO said : mctodfpo pzgtxqbn snsogjpf
On 1st August 2009 , at 07:12 am PKST , TWyBgbRz said : msefsiur lomqqlsq qgddltpy
On 1st August 2009 , at 07:58 am PKST , xNVGYObGnpgmOy said : sztaeueu netohlas gduouzia
On 1st August 2009 , at 08:11 am PKST , btDIqouNstbXrI said : mjtaulvu vgvziont hzmmeztb
On 1st August 2009 , at 08:32 am PKST , SXrHwcYSUhwTn said : vnqfcbot hhjjxoen uzlexjbr
On 1st August 2009 , at 09:18 am PKST , mJDzlnkIIajAxmp said : ddayzqla mybcqrdl elqoshkq
On 1st August 2009 , at 09:33 am PKST , hnFFvdTxyQb said : rmslslkd zmlplyvz mqgdpbnc
On 1st August 2009 , at 09:53 am PKST , LupJMaSN said : czwlzksb wzxuhjlk kpfeewfr
On 1st August 2009 , at 10:38 am PKST , EsmupheZT said : fhxqorgy tectacor daeqbibm
On 1st August 2009 , at 10:53 am PKST , sWHCHKWbRsiNOwhLI said : focnrgdr yhdvhnek rphaxqgt
On 1st August 2009 , at 11:15 am PKST , JvxzglAgJ said : ugifttxa sbyamqhs ywsaelgc
On 9th August 2009 , at 18:45 pm PKST , omTqLucUasT said : wjzidoor vcjarrjp akndciho
On 9th August 2009 , at 18:57 pm PKST , uxBsXUtvDLzrSyYppA said : jaduplad tahwpgtn uhleelia
On 9th August 2009 , at 19:21 pm PKST , JcXxMkBmVxYf said : ybikutfx pzmfuong uwjeeiou
On 9th August 2009 , at 20:11 pm PKST , mrnsVEQrqiMtJRXXUBM said : xxtidxzi agmfyhrl uqqfqgmm
On 9th August 2009 , at 20:23 pm PKST , GMbkfWlovkKXYG said : nenjsykp czsqfpip dtlukiuc
On 9th August 2009 , at 20:46 pm PKST , UJEHaJgZiW said : fzfqlgzx dewjdbtp hekzzhxg
On 9th August 2009 , at 21:36 pm PKST , tSRasaRid said : yrdnikig wzyopdgj pvtmcekm
On 9th August 2009 , at 21:48 pm PKST , PIOtQUoUeXPj said : foasesdf yhnndyoe pkesoitg
On 9th August 2009 , at 22:12 pm PKST , BNkDJESy Qm said : vrukgayq biemsaeu cmjevqgc
On 9th August 2009 , at 23:00 pm PKST , PpIjDNagDbusBcFa said : wuucestk nqaxoohf fdcpfukk
On 9th August 2009 , at 23:12 pm PKST , lmsERHtmxulWnm said : hyygscqn yhtynsaz kbkanlhs
On 9th August 2009 , at 23:35 pm PKST , alNGycPQYIFhTyV said : uoeeigyb ltoaovvy pkpqkmzj
On 10th August 2009 , at 00:24 am PKST , hHptFvHJTlikGaKm said : ghdzvtnw ynglbqfd riclxhfd
On 10th August 2009 , at 00:36 am PKST , mpfOHEvKH said : ynarqcjo bueglqsk kerodzxs
On 10th August 2009 , at 00:58 am PKST , vJvqAwxIVVpVlqOlKOQ said : pavixcqp hixdypcn wgwzwhwd
On 14th August 2009 , at 12:54 pm PKST , KMCnxSTFSfCrfg said : ntrjgeva rlimnosn pofpzbla
On 14th August 2009 , at 13:08 pm PKST , iVZRNwyzpr said : lkatntxh pfaaeidt qxolnisz
On 14th August 2009 , at 13:30 pm PKST , MiBfRCmVcDYquG said : poeippkj hpszkzhs gequntbg
On 14th August 2009 , at 14:18 pm PKST , AajZYKJKyDSmNhLL said : eboqxqmp hwcjiwjp hxjgxepx
On 14th August 2009 , at 14:31 pm PKST , pFLlMIsMQyXpxH said : kucinhaa siyxibmk sltzawcy
On 14th August 2009 , at 14:54 pm PKST , ZsjSulgZx said : yjufamfj yjyeyldv vlcgsmtb
On 14th August 2009 , at 15:41 pm PKST , NOfbJgjJREhumUvPBBD said : zdyjppwh dmldscdv iemxxnet
On 14th August 2009 , at 15:55 pm PKST , tRgLCGiZiXnoeRsYrq said : funiyele iyokodcd iqszvdcf
On 14th August 2009 , at 17:05 pm PKST , XLQCYdQw said : shqwqxcm mqsuoohh hlnleufg
On 14th August 2009 , at 17:18 pm PKST , MrANxzHWgVYGvvt said : spnsapfz puqukocp nvstfntf
On 14th August 2009 , at 17:41 pm PKST , VaFXJYisYV said : kndtfxmp ilbpragd uktmfska
On 14th August 2009 , at 18:31 pm PKST , vjSCJBoiKmBVTLoQon said : vacpbslo gtelkcwr bmejapdb
On 14th August 2009 , at 18:45 pm PKST , xhytcmlONRMvF said : ngkswppw dmayfvkn lkcbrqyn
On 14th August 2009 , at 19:09 pm PKST , NQBSIrjG said : tbiksqce cvrxnyga xyydqpwc
On 14th August 2009 , at 19:59 pm PKST , FTxoQUPidfiI said : wkxqdwxt bujyorcg xxtvjbfn
On 14th August 2009 , at 20:13 pm PKST , ZysyXllMg said : zjhahvwz cyieetjb gdruzvvh
On 14th August 2009 , at 20:35 pm PKST , mgCebBgbvbwhGqcORZ said : fkocxdwv yarmlxsb fagthspa
On 14th August 2009 , at 21:24 pm PKST , gXOajcXbEtMdTkG said : yjyyvgdw uycpselr bzzthfbz
On 14th August 2009 , at 21:39 pm PKST , xJOjpulJEi said : pfikujpn boeykvil beuycumf
On 14th August 2009 , at 22:03 pm PKST , IrdUpFhD said : iupdifgn yvfnykjh bxbqkqap
On 14th August 2009 , at 22:52 pm PKST , KwgBKvrvZADQJuVu said : hzhvlkkl hbvqmjrx lwqjaylx
On 14th August 2009 , at 23:06 pm PKST , CtNxfQlHJEFJjWe said : gbjisggy uiwopoxy nenkoibk
On 14th August 2009 , at 23:29 pm PKST , cHHPduKpGDsrsSGNYoT said : pdmzlclr dskjtbwx ysvkuazq
On 15th August 2009 , at 00:17 am PKST , RguudUzNSesNQvA said : cvctcxky dlzwumbe tztdjmuf
On 15th August 2009 , at 00:31 am PKST , WiBheFoiBczwUh said : ecosqnmy pittuskq zashqkfy
On 15th August 2009 , at 00:53 am PKST , fZlxDtUUKQnhiI said : ybyyygkc wpyjszed memwbvai
On 15th August 2009 , at 01:42 am PKST , MpyjzmlPLFCtImjdQo said : vongcadg cxowrrmx tnsgondy
On 15th August 2009 , at 01:55 am PKST , BpGblvJpUzlIxgddGq said : amltxezx stujvsnr jwopuuct
On 15th August 2009 , at 02:17 am PKST , mbxQfjrynx said : ospwpbbo gxndchmo tgkjlirh
On 18th August 2009 , at 09:39 am PKST , WSJUHKvvSlwPETccVtv said : eckbfztp mhnjuyif rxlddjly
On 18th August 2009 , at 09:54 am PKST , CeMkSNysZNn said : wwzeiksv oktszgww wiqfkzsr
On 18th August 2009 , at 10:21 am PKST , xKznImFkJuHR said : nphkoycd etlesaia gyltntvy
On 18th August 2009 , at 11:19 am PKST , CbdmzCoGfj said : uwhznxth kbtjesdv accfvdyl
On 18th August 2009 , at 11:34 am PKST , fsZvRjSyEulgJCp said : kgfofmin ndpiowqj jojdyexj
On 18th August 2009 , at 12:00 pm PKST , kElNHYdLqnNUSO said : pfpzghzg qwacxpbt aqxiebcy
On 18th August 2009 , at 12:57 pm PKST , zWavWbukTN said : fdkmwkbt ogqnzibe nqleqweo
On 18th August 2009 , at 13:12 pm PKST , qPQDSSXEPVcvDVDsU said : ujquygzt rytlbhbd gyxrdyku
On 18th August 2009 , at 13:40 pm PKST , igmlZOBtYPmdiptOg said : zcjvbsfp jzpdroep jihgnkdi
On 18th August 2009 , at 14:38 pm PKST , nhsacmfekqPvrq said : zbvnavsu mjzosfkk plamoewd
On 18th August 2009 , at 14:54 pm PKST , mOmWXlXdxDzfqmQpQVL said : oglkdkdh giphrmos rgbcpdrr
On 18th August 2009 , at 15:22 pm PKST , GnuuYEDDOpzSYMS said : tjrjltet blmzwsvs qzcybqyo
On 19th October 2009 , at 12:56 pm PKST , DdNPetWwWuo said : buy valium [ url = " http://www.arkhamgames.com/valium_prices.html " ] buy valium [ / url ]
http://www.arkhamgames.com/valium_prices.html >:-[ [ buy cialis [ url = " http://www.arkhamgames.com/cialis_prices.html " ] buy cialis [ / url ]
http://www.arkhamgames.com/cialis_prices.html
horm
On 19th October 2009 , at 13:09 pm PKST , gDppyVYuyfnSvZUCX said : valium [ url = " http://www.arkhamgames.com/valium_prices.html "] valium [ /url ]
http://www.arkhamgames.com/valium_prices.html uaume cialis [ url = " http://www.arkhamgames.com/cialis_prices.html "] cialis[/url ]
http://www.arkhamgames.com/cialis_prices.html
738348
Turley : ' God help us ' if torture only gets a ' 9/11 commission ' David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Wednesday April 22 , 2009
Print This Email This
The recent release of Bush administration torture memos has given rise to calls for prosecution of the Justice Department lawyers who wrote those memos .
However , law professor Jonathan Turley believes that this may represent a deliberate attempt to draw attention away from George Bush , Dick Cheney , and the other high Bush administration officials who ordered the torture .
" That 's the really strange thing , " Turley told MSNBC's David Shuster on Tuesday .
" In the last week or so , we 've seen an effort to define a potential investigation in terms of the lawyers who wrote these memos .
...
A war crime investigation does not look at the people who drove the trains -- they look at the people who told the trains to roll . "
" George Bush and Vice President Cheney , the CIA director , the attorney general ... implemented , in full knowledge that it was a war crime , the torture program , " Turley emphasized .
" The effort to define it in terms of lawyers is something of a Beltway shift .
That is , it 's setting us up for failure . "
According to Turley , Attorney General Eric Holder " needs to appoint a special prosecutor and not limit it as to who committed the alleged war crimes . "
" A true war crime investigation would be given to a special prosecutor , who would follow it where it would lead him or her , " Turley told Shuster .
" And that would most certainly lead him ... or her to the former president or vice president and the people like the CIA director and attorney general who pushed through this program . "
" God help us if the only thing we get out of this is a commission modeled on 9/11 , " Turley commented .
" That was a commission that was really made for Washington -- a commission composed of political appointees of both parties that ran interference for those parties -- a commission that insisted at the beginning it would not impose blame on individuals .
So it 's the ideal Washington commission -- a commission that would investigate without any reprecussions . "
This video is from MSNBC's Countdown , broadcast Apr. 21 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Israel will continue to allow some construction in West Bank settlements despite US calls for a freeze on its work , a government spokesman says .
Mark Regev said the fate of the settlements should be decided in peace negotiations with the Palestinians .
His remarks appear to be a rebuff to US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who said all such activity should cease .
Her comments came hours before Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas was due to meet US President Barack Obama .
Mrs Clinton said on Wednesday there must be no exceptions to President Obama 's demands for Israel 's settlement work to stop .
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with her Egyptian counterpart , Mrs Clinton said that the president was " very clear " with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at their recent meeting that there should be a stop to all settlements .
Challenge of Israeli settlements
Read your comments
" Not some settlements , not outposts , not natural growth exceptions , " Mrs Clinton said .
" We think it is in the best interest of the effort that we are engaged in that settlement expansion cease . "
Correspondents say it is the first time in years that US officials have been so vocal in calling for a settlement freeze in the Palestinian territories .
Stumbling block Mr Regev said on Thursday that the future of the settlements would be decided only when peace negotiations were held with the Palestinians .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
" In the interim period , we have to allow normal life in those communities to continue , " he said .
He was echoing comments made by Mr Netanyahu on Sunday .
Mr Netanyahu said no new settlements would be built , but natural growth in existing settlements should be allowed .
" There is no way that we are going to tell people not to have children or to force young people to move away from their families , " he was quoted as telling the Israeli cabinet .
WEST BANK SETTLEMENTS
Construction of settlements began in 1967 , shortly after the Six Day War Some 280,000 Israelis now live in the 121 officially - recognised settlements in the West Bank A further 190,000 Israelis live in settlements in Palestinian East Jerusalem
The largest West Bank settlement is Ma'ale Adumim , where more than 30,000 people were living in 2005
There are a further 102 unauthorised outposts in the West Bank which are not officially recognised by Israel
The population of West Bank settlements has been growing at a rate of 5 - 6 % since 2001 Source : Peace Now However , he pledged to remove makeshift outposts in the West Bank - small settlements , sometimes with only a few people - that the Israeli government itself considers illegal .
" We will take care of them , if possible by dialogue , " he said .
" There is no doubt that we have committed ourselves to deal with them . "
The issue of Jewish settlements in the West Bank is one of the biggest stumbling blocks to President Obama 's bid to resume the Middle East peace process .
The Palestinian Authority says it has ruled out restarting peace talks with Israel unless it freezes settlement activity and removes all roadblocks in the West Bank .
President Abbas is expected to reiterate the conditions during talks at the White House with Mr Obama .
Some 500,000
Jews live in more than 100 settlements built since Israel 's 1967 occupation of the West Bank and Arab East Jerusalem .
The settlements are illegal under international law , though Israel disputes this .
Under the US - backed 2003 roadmap peace plan , Israel is obliged to end all settlement activity , specifically including natural growth .
The plan also requires the Palestinian Authority to crack down on militants who seek to attack Israelis .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Personal data is posted on an activism website .
A man is arrested under the Serious Crime Act - but his involvement was minimal
At about 7 am on a Monday in February , police arrived at the Sheffield home of a man wanted in connection with the country 's largest animal rights extremism case .
He was arrested , his home searched and computer equipment seized .
The man , an IT worker who can't be named , is now on police bail on suspicion of offences under the Serious Crime Act 2007 .
But his case has prompted fears that authorities could use recently adopted and wide - ranging powers to prosecute people for the actions of others online .
He is not accused of threatening or harassing anyone , let alone animal rights terrorism .
Instead , the man , in his 40s with a young family , is being investigated for minor involvement with a website that briefly allowed activists to publish the personal information of a senior high court judge in its forums .
The judge in question was Mr Justice Neil Butterfield .
In January he handed down lengthy prison sentences to seven members of Stop Huntingdon Animal Cruelty ( Shac ) after an investigation over several years by Kent police .
The next day , an animal rights activist posted his personal information to the comments section of an article on Indymedia UK , a citizen journalism site frequented by protesters .
" You might want to let this friend of [ Huntingdon Life Sciences ] know exactly what you think about him , " the commenter urged other Indymedia UK users .
Incitement to harassment is an offence that has in the past landed animal rights activists in prison .
Administrators soon deleted the information in line with the site 's privacy policy .
A second anonymous commenter reposted it that day , and it was again deleted .
Kent police contacted Indymedia UK the following day , asking for the IP addresses of the commenters , which would enable investigators to identify them via their ISPs ' customer records .
The vast majority of websites record IP logs .
They provide commercial operations with valuable geographic and demographic data , and are often useful for security professionals battling denial of service or other attacks .
However , Indymedia UK , run on a shoestring by volunteers and with a strong interest in the anonymity of the activists who use it , does not store IP logs .
Connecting to one of its servers means your IP address is briefly written to a RAM chip , but administrators have configured the Apache server software not to keep any long - term record on hard disk .
Kent police then seized an Indymedia UK server from UK Grid , a firm in Manchester providing " co-location " services - a spot in a data centre and a connection to the internet .
The Sheffield man 's name was on the contract .
Kent police contacted him repeatedly by phone , demanding he disclose IP logs .
After two weeks of being told the logs did not exist , officers travelled to Sheffield and launched their raid on 9 February .
The man was arrested under provisions of the Serious Crime Act that outlaw " intentionally encouraging or assisting an offence " , " encouraging or assisting an offence believing it will be committed " and " encouraging or assisting offences believing one or more will be committed " .
Officers from Kent questioned the man for several hours with his lawyer present , before releasing him on bail to appear at a police station in May .
Friends of the man said the Indymedia UK server was one of several unrelated machines located at UK Grid under his name .
He had been running them as a " hobby " , helping NGOs and groups get online .
He did not have administrator privileges for the site , they said , and has not been an animal rights activist .
" He 's pretty stressed out by it all , " one said .
An Indymedia UK spokesman agreed the man had nothing to do with the website beyond the co-location contract .
" We see the arrest as an attack on the website and on press freedom , " he said .
Anthony Burton , a senior partner at media and criminal law firm Simons Muirhead & Burton , said Kent police were breaking new ground using the act in this way .
The relevant provisions only came into force on 1 October last year .
" It 's a new offence and I 'm not aware of any case involving its use , " he said .
" We 're on virgin territory .
It will be for the Crown Prosecution Service to decide whether there 's a case to answer .
" A defence that may be available is that the man acted reasonably , but that would be for him to prove , " Burton said .
The police were normally very cautious in their approach to cases involving freedom of speech issues , he said , but the involvement of a senior member of the judiciary had probably prompted them to act .
At the weekend , Kent police said the investigation of the man was ongoing .
Indymedia UK is no stranger to the attentions of law enforcement agencies .
In 2004 it was knocked offline by a raid in London on behalf of the FBI , which was investigating violent protests at meetings of the G8 .
That downtime prompted activists to redesign the site 's infrastructure .
The seizure in Manchester had a negligible effect on Indymedia 's function as the server was just one of many " mirrors " internationally , all serving the same pages .
Similar arrangements are used by the whistleblowing site Wikileaks and the P2P search engine The Pirate Bay , which both fear takedown by authorities .
Time Warner Cable said repeatedly that it wanted to hear from the public as it expanded its Internet data caps , and the public has roared back its response : metered billing should exist in some non-obscene ratio to cost and to competitors ' pricing .
In response , TWC will shelve the trials " while the customer education process continues . "
The plan to expand the test into North Carolina and New York survived in public for two weeks , and not even TWC 's decision to dramatically boost the caps a week into the fracas could stop the anger .
Not that the company believes anything about the plan was fundamentally misguided ; as CEO Glenn Britt put it today , " There is a great deal of misunderstanding about our plans to roll out additional tests on consumption based billing . "
The whole fiasco looks like a textbook example of overreach .
That " misunderstanding " went all the way to the top .
Congressman Eric Massa ( D - NY ) last week announced his plan to introduce a bill placing limits on the ability of companies like TWC to cap its connections , especially in areas where it was a virtual monopoly .
But it took a heavier hitter — in this case , Senator Chuck Schumer ( D - NY ) — to make TWC change its ways .
Schumer announced his own opposition to the plan , then spoke with Britt about the " overwhelming opposition " to the caps .
Citizens of Rochester , New York were furious about the caps about to be imposed on them , with Schumer 's office describing the reaction as " outrage . "
The company relented .
Massa and Schumer were thrilled with the decision to cancel the trial program .
" We 're delighted that commonsense prevailed , " said Massa today .
" The people of Western New York spoke and I heard them loud and clear .
Together we have won and I am glad that I was able to play a small part in bringing about this change .
This is a true grassroots victory , but we will move forward with our legislation to ensure that any future plans to charge customers based on how much they download do not spring up anywhere else . "
Massa 's legislation may stand little chance of success on its own , but Schumer 's office says that the senator will continue keeping an eye on the issue of caps , too , in order to make sure that " any future changes in Internet pricing are in line with what the community wants and needs . "
Translation : we have our eye on you .
Glenn Britt rather diplomatically noted that TWC " look [s ] forward to continuing to work with Senator Schumer , our customers and all of the other interested parties as the process moves forward . "
Textbook overreach
The whole fiasco looks like a textbook example of overreach .
Even groups like Free Press accept metered billing as a fair system ( so long as the connection remains " neutral " ) , so all the American ISPs had to do in order to reframe user expectations was roll out a pricing structure that would n't utterly outrage the public .
( Hint : when Comcast currently offers a 250 GB / month cap for around $ 42.95 , and the price of Internet backbone traffic is dropping by 50 percent a year , and DOCSIS 3.0 updates cost only $ 20 - $ 100 per customer , and TWC 's finances showed big upticks in broadband revenue even as costs plunged — well , selling a 100 GB / month cap for $ 75 was hardly going to go down well , especially when your industry is one of the least - popular in the US . )
So , failing in that simple mission , TWC may have just scotched other interesting experiments in metered billing being done by big ISPs , who can't be at all thrilled by the way that TWC handled the situation .
In addition to backing away from its own caps , Congress will now consider a bill on the subject , Chuck Schumer will keep an eye on ISPs , and metered billing is now associated with " price gouging " in the public mind .
As for Beaumont , Texas , the town with the dubious honor of being capped by both AT&T and TWC , the long nightmare may soon be over .
Free Press had already rallied its troops to petition Congress over the matter , and campaign director Timothy Karr was enthusiastic about TWC 's decision .
" We 're glad to see Time Warner Cable 's price - gouging scheme collapse in the face of consumer opposition , " he said .
" Let this be a lesson to other Internet service providers looking to head down a similar path .
Consumers are not going to stand idly by as companies try to squeeze them off the Internet .
This is a major victory , but the fight for a fast , open and affordable Internet is far from over . "
Kyle McSlarrow , who heads the National Cable & Telecommunications Association , insists that TWC did everything right , and he thanks them for being open and transparent throughout the process .
" None of us knows with certainty what works best for consumers , " he noted today in a blog post .
" As broadband providers , we face daunting and ever - changing challenges in ensuring that we do our level best to provide consumers with what they want , when they want it .
But our goal has been , is , and will be to communicate with our customers in an open and transparent manner ; to try new models that can be used to attract new broadband users and more equitably spread costs among high and low volume users , and — at the end of the day — to let the consumer make the ultimate choice of whether new models survive and thrive or are thrown into the dustbin of history . "
Well , consumers have spoken , and they 're giving the cable industry a hand hoisting that dustbin lid .
You have some rather inaccurate views on Islam .
Islam has nothing to say about female circumcision , although it is true that the practice is not uncommon in some Muslim societies .
It is also not an Islamic practice to assault wives for leaving the house without permission , although again it does go on .
Just because such practices exist in Muslim societies does not mean that they are Islamic .
But you raise an interesting issue , how far can the mutilation of an infant or child be justified if carried out for religious reasons ?
It is accepted now I think largely because it is held to be good for the child , not as you suggest for religious reasons .
This is the difference between male and female circumcision , the former is generally supposed to be a benign and helpful procedure , the latter the reverse .
I suppose the question is how confident we are that the procedure is helpful , and how important is it that it be carried out at such an early age , as against interfering in the rights of the individual to hold onto his various bits and pieces .
I do not know what science suggests on this issue , but it had better be a pretty strong argument .
Otherwise assault on the individual in this radical sort of way would be very difficult to justify .
I like music more than you like music .
Do n't be all jealous .
You can tell by how loudly I play it .
And by how I always brake to the beat .
CHICAGO ( MarketWatch ) --
Americans are in a collective state of financial depression as many admit they could only cover their bills for two months at most if they found themselves suddenly jobless , a nightmare more and more worry may come true .
The results of a bevy of surveys found a growing number of consumers are only a couple paychecks away from a household collapse even as many scramble to shore up savings .
Rainy - day funds appear to be a distant memory as households burn cash to cover food and energy bills as well as mortgage and car payments .
A large number of households say that even one missed paycheck would spell financial ruin .
And even in households that remain well off , the surveys show a festering fear that financial problems are lurking .
" This is flashing so bright red , " said Paul Ballew , senior vice president of Nationwide Insurance Co. " Roughly 60 % of the population was ill - prepared ( financially ) before the meltdown . "
A MetLife study released last week found that 50 % of Americans said they have only a one - month cushion -- roughly two paychecks -- or less before they would be unable to fully meet their financial obligations if they were to lose their jobs .
More disturbing is that 28 % said they could not make ends meet for longer than two weeks without their jobs .
And it 's not just low - income earners who would find themselves financially challenged .
Twenty - nine percent of those making $ 100,000 or more a year said they would have trouble paying the bills after more than a month of unemployment .
Meanwhile , more than four in 10 respondents told pollsters in a recent Pew Research Center study that job - related issues were the nation 's most important economic problem .
" Since October , mentions of other major economic issues have declined , as the public is increasingly focused on the job situation , " according to the Pew study .
Since July , the study noted , there was been a striking spike in the numbers of families making $ 100,000 or more who said it was difficult to find local jobs -- 73 % compared with 40 % eight months ago .
Weighing on the psyche
A Discover U.S. Spending Monitor monthly study found that consumers were becoming more despondent as each month passed .
For example , the number of people reporting that they had money left over after paying their bills in February fell to 47 % from 51 % in January .
Those thinking they would come up short in finances in the following 30 days rose to 39 % from 34 % , while those who said they had six months or more of reserves on hand should the paychecks stop coming dropped to 20 % from 22 % .
Not surprisingly , spending and savings patterns have shifted dramatically and across nearly all income levels .
The Pew Center study found that , on average , 86 % of consumers at all income levels have cut back spending , though the changes differ by wage level .
For example , lower - income Americans are likely to have cut back on vacations or put off big - ticket expenses , such as home improvements or purchasing a car .
Meanwhile , higher - income earners are more likely to have tweaked their retirement plans , according to the Pew Center .
The same is true even in eating behaviors , according to a recent Janney Montgomery Scott report .
Consumers across the income spectrum are seeking more values , with lower income households most likely to move to private - label brands and use coupons , while wealthier consumers were deciding to eat at home and not out , analyst Jonathan Feeney wrote in the report .
Most families , however , are paring spending because they 're worried about the future rather than the present , according to the Discover study .
While only 30 % said they 're cutting back on dining out , vacations , cars or home goods because their financial situation has become worse , 56 % said they are making those changes because they 're anxious that their financial health will weaken considerably .
That sentiment has held since December , the study found .
" Consumers do n't seem to be making any changes month to month , " said Matt Towson , a spokesman for Discover .
" The numbers indicate that people are being frugal and still planning to cut spending . "
Long - term retrenchment
America 's Research Group found that nearly 57 % of the consumers it polled said they would spend less this year while virtually no one plans to spend more .
But this is not just a one - year thing , according to consumers surveyed by BIGresearch .
Nearly 91 % said they see this crisis bearing down on their spending decisions -- in effect , their lifestyles -- over the next five years .
Fifty - five percent said they will think carefully before they make a purchase and 51 % said they expect to be more price - conscious when buying clothing and food .
" American consumers are hunkered down , bracing for a depression , " said Britt Beemer , chief executive of America 's Research Group .
" The dramatic drops in shopping levels have no match in our database in the last 30 years . "
Ray of hope
If there is a silver lining , it could be this :
The recent stock market rallies and a slowdown in the numbers of mass layoff announcements are encouraging signs to consumers that could bring some sense of economic stabilization .
Gallup 's Consumer Mood Index , based on a daily tracking poll , increased over the last week to minus103 from minus 116 the week before .
" The sharp improvement in consumers ' mood over the past week should not be surprising , " said Dennis Jacobe , chief economist for Gallup .
He credited the market 's surge coupled with a " concerted effort to create a positive spin on the economic outlook " by the White House and the Federal Reserve .
" Given the results , these efforts seem to be working and appear to have brought the downward plunge in consumer psychology of the previous several weeks to at least a temporary end , " he said .
But it might not be enough to overcome what 's already happened to millions of Americans .
Samir Balwani is an emerging technology strategist at Morpheus Media , a firm specializing in Social Marketing , SEM , and SEO .
You can follow him on Twitter @leftthebox and get his newsletter .
For many companies a Facebook fan page is an integral part of their social media campaign .
But , what elements help fan pages build up large followings and what can brands do to emulate the success of others ?
I 've put together a list of specific elements that I believe have helped create fan pages with large , engaged , followings .
This post is part of Mashable ’s Facebook Week .
To discuss everything Facebook , join our authors and community at Mashable 's Facebook Page .
1. Networking with other platforms
Building a large following requires a network of other platforms , working in conjunction to drive visitors to your fan page .
One brand that does that well is Victoria 's Secret with their PINK line .
As you can see , on their PINK landing page they have a link to their Facebook fan page and their MySpace profile .
Victoria 's Secret leverages the traffic their home page gets and pushes them to their Facebook fan page .
Many companies lack this level of dedication , expecting their consumers on Facebook to find them automatically .
However , that 's not usually the case .
When is the last time you went looking for a brand 's Facebook fan page ?
More often than not , a consumer will stumble upon the page , either through a friend or from a hub , similar to Victoria 's Secret 's PINK page .
Understandably , the fact that the demographic targeted by Victoria 's Secret PINK , aligns exactly with the demographic that is most active on Facebook , has helped grow the group as well .
Key Takeaway : Connecting multiple social platforms and a hub from the brand website , can help funnel consumers throughout the network .
2. Creating a resource
Some pages are used as connection hubs , but others offer information pertinent to their consumers .
They use the information as added value to have consumers create a connection with the brand .
Dell has done a great job with their social media resource for small businesses .
Understanding that small business owners buy computers , by offering them this resource , small business owners interested in social media keep Dell top of mind .
Although , Dell can't explicitly gauge the success of this program in ROI , it is a branding exercise .
Also , since they offer deals and updates on new products on the page - the page does have a chance to convert small business owners into Dell consumers .
Key Takeaway : Offering a resource page allows a brand to target a new demographic , outside of those that already know and love the business .
3 . Creating contests that include participation
For brands that want fan pages to have added value ( a reason for users to join the page , aside from brand loyalty ) , but do n't want to become a resource portal ; offering contests and coupons specifically to Facebook users can entice consumers to join .
Sears offered fans a $ 10 coupon to use in stores , giving consumers a reason to join .
Clicking on the coupon takes you to a page where Sears collects your information and sends you information about the coupon , deals , and offers .
There 's no way to make sure the coupon is given to only Facebook fans , however like Sears , brands can require an email before receiving the coupon .
Key Takeaway : Offering something to consumers to join can help build a large community .
Some examples of things to offer : Coupons , free shipping , weekly deals .
4. Empowering pre-existing pages
One of my favorite stories about social media involves the Coca Cola Facebook page .
The fan page was created by two users who liked Coke .
What started as a fan page for fun , turned out to be the largest product fan page on Facebook .
Coca Cola , instead of taking over the page and making it their own , rewarded the fans by bringing them to Atlanta and giving them a tour of the Coke facility .
The fan page remains theirs , but now they have the blessing and help of Coca Cola .
By empowering the fans to keep their fan page , Coke ensures a passionate page owner .
The Coca Cola marketing team was also smart enough to realize that letting others know what happened here would work in their favor .
The fan page creators were told to make a video of the history behind the fan page , and how Coke had reached out to them and rewarded them for this .
The video shows future ' brand enthusiasts ' that creating successful groups around Coca Cola can result in rewards and recognition .
Key Takeaway : Taking over unsanctioned Facebook fan pages is n't always the best idea .
Instead , rewarding dedication can inspire others to do the same .
5 . Targeting the proper demographic
Sometimes no matter what you do , your Facebook page wo n't grow .
This can simply be a side effect of Facebook 's demographic .
There are just some brands that will not have a strong presence on Facebook .
Understanding the demographic present can help you decide if Facebook is worth it for your business .
From Quantcast estimates , we can tell that Facebook skews towards female youths .
Interestingly , 53 % of users have kids and a majority make over $ 60 k a year salary .
Obviously , over 50 % are college kids .
The demographics that make up Facebook are changing quickly , as more moms have begun to join and the college market has become saturated — so be sure to keep checking up on demographic changes over time .
As Facebook changes , your campaigns may need to change with it for maximum effect .
Armed with this knowledge , Seventeen Magazine jumped on to the Facebook fan page bandwagon .
Their brand targets the demographic most prominent on Facebook , meaning a fairly quick and organic growth .
For companies whose brand does not target the optimal demographic , finding a specific line that does , works .
Consider the brand mentioned earlier in this article , Victoria 's Secret .
Instead of putting the entire brand on Facebook , they targeted the PINK line , a line for college students .
Key Takeaway : Some brands cannot expect huge followings on Facebook .
Brands or product lines targeting the demographic most prominent on Facebook tend to see the quickest growth .
I purposely did not talk about using advertising to increase the size of a fan page , because although it can be useful to jump start a fan page , organic growth can help build a more engaged group .
Creating a Facebook fan page is simple , but getting it to work well takes time , dedication , and some planning .
Do n't expect to create a page and then have a huge following instantaneously .
Build good content , make it easy to share , and let people know about it , and over - time the community will grow .
Do you have a successful fan page ?
What did you do to get the word out ?
What elements did you add to make it easier to pass along ?
How do you engage your consumers ?
More Facebook resources from Mashable :
Image courtesy of iStockphoto , DNY59
Platypus
Platypus is a developer tool that creates native Mac applications from command line scripts such as shell scripts or Python , Perl , Ruby , Tcl , JavaScript and PHP programs .
This is done by wrapping the script in a macOS application bundle along with an app binary that runs the script .
Platypus makes it easy to share scripts and programs with people who are unfamiliar with the command line interface .
Native , user - friendly applications can be created with a few clicks .
It is very easy to create installers , droplets , administrative applications , login items , status menu items , launchers and automations using Platypus .
Features
Supports shell scripts , Python , Perl , Ruby , PHP , Swift , Expect , Tcl , AWK , JavaScript , AppleScript or any other user - specified interpreter
Apps can display graphical feedback of script execution as progress bar , text window with script output , droplet , WebKit HTML rendering or status item menu
Apps support receiving dragged and dropped files or text snippets , which are then passed to the script as arguments
Apps can execute scripts with root privileges via the macOS Security Framework
Apps can register as handlers for URI schemes
Apps can be configured to run in the background ( LSUIElement )
Set own application icon or select from presets
Set app 's associated file types , identifier , version , author , etc .
Graphical interface for bundling support files with the script
Command line tool for automation and build process integration
" Profiles " can be used to save app configurations
Built - in script editor , or linking with external editor of choice
Extensive documentation and many built - in examples to help you get started
Fast , responsive native app written in Objective - C/ Cocoa
License
Platypus is free , open source software distributed under the terms of the three - clause BSD license and has been continually maintained and developed for a very long time ( since 2003 ) .
It is written in Objective - C/ Cocoa .
The source code is available on GitHub .
If Platypus makes your life easier , please make a donation to support continued development .
Download
The latest version is Platypus 5.3 , released on November 25th , 2018 .
Platypus and Platypus - generated applications require macOS 10.8 or later , and are 64 - bit Intel binaries .
The main Platypus application is Apple Developer ID signed ( sigh ) ...
If you want to target 10.6 and / or 32 - bit systems , version 4.9 continues to work just fine .
If you want to target 10.4 and PowerPC , you can use version 4.4 .
Screenshots
Platypus lets you select one of several different user interfaces for your script .
Progress Bar
Text Window
Web View
Status Menu
Droplet
Finally after a long cold winter spring is finally gracing us with it ’s presence .
Have not been blogging much lately , the long winter and work have kept me from posting or visiting other blogs , I always say I am going to to try to do better in that regard but always seem to come up short , so once again I will try too do better now !!
I have been able to go out and get some wildflower shots this past week , the hills and canyons that surround my hometown of Madison are bursting with vibrant colors and it looks to be a great flower season this year .
My only disappointment so far has been with the Bloodroot which have had spotted and falling petals which has diminished the beauty of this little early wildflower .
The Hepatica , Spring Beauties and Rue Anemone have all been quite plentiful this year along with an abundance of Virginia Bluebells has got me hiking the deeply shadowed gorges and cliff lines in search of the perfect specimens to fill my card with .
It has been a little cold and windy but so far the weather has n’t put too much of a damper on my excursions into the woods .
I think I will try and post an image every day or so just to give you an idea of the beauty that surrounds my area , I will start with this closeup of a Virginia Bluebell that I shot at Clifty Falls State Park yesterday morning , like I said earlier this year seems to have an abundance of Bluebells more than I have seen in years past , I shot this with a Macro Lens so I could show you the intricate details and color in this flower .
As the week and season progresses I will share more of my images with you and hopefully be able to fully illustrate the beauty that can be found close to home along with the wonderful scenes that you can witnesses on a short hike or drive from your own home .
I hope you enjoy my images and I hope you have a great day as well !!
If you thought the Oscars was purely about self - important film folk giving their fat egos a good , old stroke – you would be so right .
The way they jabber on when they get their awards you would think they are saving lives or something .
Yeah , well done on doing your job and dressing up pretending to be someone you are not .
Good job .
But that is not the only thing it ’s about .
It ’s about laughing at celebrities .
Hey , that ’s the only reason we stayed up until stupid ‘ o ’ clock this morning to watch the damn thing .
Do you think our lives really hang on whether Benjamin Button got best make - up or not ?
Do n’t think so somehow .
What we really care about is who is going to make a fool of themselves during their acceptance speech .
Or which actresses clearly got dressed in the dark .
OK , we also take sick pleasure in taking note of the ageing Hollywood stars which are about to keel over , but it ’s mostly about laughing at stupid celebs .
And just for your pleasure , we have come up with the best , err , sorry , worst moments in Oscars history .
Hugh Jackman – you almost made this list !!
Enjoy !
16 . You really like Sally Field , no really
When : 1985
The oddest ever acceptance speech was by Sally Field when she won her second Oscar for the Depression - era drama Places in the Heart .
It ’s often been misquoted , but what she actually said was : “ The first time I did n’t feel it , but this time I feel it , and I ca n’t deny the fact that you like me , right now , you like me ! ”
Everyone must have been thinking , ‘ can we take it back ?’.
15 . Michael Moore goes on and on
When : 2003
Please shut up .
14 . James Cameron is the **** of the world
When : 1997
James Cameron has never been one to hide away just how good he thinks he really is .
So when he ‘ jokingly ’ repeated the ‘ I am the king of the world ’ line from his film Titanic no one took it as a joke .
13 . Sean Penn has humour bypass
When : 2005
Note to Sean Penn ?
get a sense of humour .
Actors are there to be shot at and when you have someone like Chris Rock on stage you can expect a few jokes at Hollywood ’s expense .
So when he asked the question : “ Who is Jude Law ?
Why is he in every movie I have seen in the last four years ?
Even if he ’s not acting in it , if you look at the credits he makes the cupcakes or something , ” it ’s funny .
Not to Sean Penn , who strode on to stage and announced : “ Forgive my lack of humour … Jude Law is one of our most talented actors . ”
Seriously , get a life Sean Penn .
If the pictures are anything to go by , Jude Law has a small part all the time .
12 . David Letterman ’s dog trick
When : 1995
OK , choosing David Letterman to host the ceremony in the first place was never a good idea .
There was the inevitable Top 10 list , which we usually find about as funny as malaria .
But then there was the moment he enlisted the help of an embarrassed Tom Hanks to help with a dog trick .
Basically , the dog span around when everyone clapped ?
which , let ’s face it , as an act would not even get into the second round of Britain ’s Got Talent , never mind the Oscars .
Suffice to say , the dog got more claps than the host .
But it got worse for Letterman ?
10 . Vanessa Redgrave has a go at the Zionist hoodlums
When : 1977
You really have to know your audience .
Having a go at the ‘ Zionist hoodlums ’ during her acceptance speech for winning best supporting actress for Julia was never going to win her many fans among Hollywood .
Surprisingly , she got booed off .
9. Marlon Brando goes Native American
When : 1972
Once again , making a political statement at the Oscars is pointless ?
it just makes you look stupid .
The worst example , of course , was Marlon Brando ’s acceptance speech when he won Best Actor for The Godfather .
Or should we say Sacheen Littlefeather ‘s refusal to accept the Oscar on Brando ’s behalf because of the film industry ’s treatment of Native Americans .
If that was not cringeworthy in itself , Littlefeather was not even an Apache Indian , but an actress .
Good point well made Brando , you coward .
8. Come on and get it , Frank !!
When : 1934
Director Frank Capra must have been grateful the Oscars was not televised back in the 30s .
Otherwise , he would have been top of this list , no problem .
What can be more embarrassing than thinking you ’ve won an award , only to realise it ’s someone else with the same first name as you ?
That ’s what happened to Capra when presenter Will Rogers opened up the Best Picture envelope and said : “ Come on up and get it , Frank ! ”
Capra , assuming he was the only Frank who deserved the award ( for the film Lady for a Day ) proudly walked on to the stage only to realise that Frank Lloyd was the winner for the movie Cavalcade .
D’oh !
7. David Letterman ’s Uma Oprah
When : 1995
Just when you thought it could not get any worse for Letterman , he decides to introduce Oprah Winfrey to Uma Thurman .
“ Oprah , Uma. Uma , Oprah ” .
Hilarious , see .
6. Jerry Lewis is shot down
When : 1958
You would think that asking a professional ‘ funnyman ’ to ad lib to fill up an extra 20 minutes at the end of the show would not be a problem .
Well , Jerry Lewis was so bad at doing it , producers ended up putting a short film about pistols instead .
5. Kojak , Mr Miyagi and Dom DeLuise sing together
When : 1986
Can you even contemplate the awfulness of that ?
It was the opening act for the 1986 awards night .
Words fail us .
4. Phil Collins wins an Oscar
When : 1999
What kind of world do we live in when Phil Collins wins the 1999 Best Song Oscar for You ’ll Be In My Heart from animated movie Tarzan ?
Famine , disease , drought and then this ?
What makes it worse is that South Park : Bigger , Longer and Uncut came out the same year .
3 . Um , Jonathan , Um , Demme , Um , wins , um ,
When : 1991
Um , best director Jonathan Demme ’s acceptance speech , um , is , um , really , um , dull .
2. Gwyneth Paltrow ’s annoying acceptance speech
When : 1999
Wail .
Sob , sob .
Gwyneth Paltrow ’s sob-fest is the single - most annoying acceptance speech of all time .
Made us cry too .
1. Oscars hits a real Lowe point
When : 1989
A camp Rob Lowe danced to the Creedence Clearwater Revival classic Proud Mary with a woman dressed from head to toe as Disney ’s Snow White .
It was so bad even Paul Newman and Julie Andrews wrote a letter of disgust to the Academy .
You !
Follow hecklerspray on Twitter !
A D V E R T
In a sign of the extent of the downturn in aviation , Qantas will also ground 10 aircraft and defer orders for four Airbus superjumbo A380s and 12 Boeing 737-800s .
It is also in discussions with Boeing to delay the delivery of the first batch of its 787 Dreamliner aircraft .
The airline has revised its pre-tax profit guidance downwards from about $ 500 million to between $ 100 and $ 200 million for the full year .
The forecast is subject to no further changes in market conditions , fuel prices and volatility in hedge accounting .
It will also reduce capital expenditure by at least $ 800 million next financial year .
Qantas 's chief executive , Alan Joyce , said the airline 's international services and freight operations were bearing the brunt of the decline in economic conditions .
" Market conditions have deteriorated , especially in our international business , '' he said today .
" We are experiencing significantly lower demand , particularly in premium classes , and considerable price pressures with extensive sales and discounting by all carriers . "
In some cases airlines had reduced fares by up to 50 % , he said .
" We have no choice but to lower our profit forecast and make major changes to ensure Qantas can weather the current commercial environment , " he said .
" Qantas revenues have come under severe pressure , so it would be irresponsible to rely solely on stimulating demand through attractive pricing , given the potential for unprecedented reductions in yield . "
Qantas will slash the capacity on its international and domestic routes by a further 5 % .
It will also reduce the capacity of its freight operations .
The airline said Australian domestic routes would be the most heavily affected by the capacity cuts , along with routes to the US , UK and South Africa .
" We will ground additional aircraft and defer some aircraft orders , as well as maintaining a freeze on further capital expenditure , " Mr Joyce said .
Qantas has the largest firm order , for 65 Boeing Dreamliner aircraft , of any airline and has purchase rights for another 50 .
Its low - cost subsidiary , Jetstar , was to have received the group 's first Dreamliner .
Delivery had been delayed until at least next year .
Deputy Prime Minister Julia Gillard slammed the decision as " unwelcome news " .
" It 's going to be very distressing for those Qantas workers who are shortly to be told they are to be made redundant .
It 's a very difficult time for them . "
She said Qantas had vowed to do what it could to preserve additional jobs and avoid further redundancies .
" An important thing for employers is to do all they can to keep their hard - working staff , and being prepared to look at this in an innovative way , " she said .
Ms Gillard said it was not long ago that employers had been " screaming out " for skilled labour .
Holding on to those workers during the financial crisis was important , she said .
Ms Gillard said it stood to reason that a global recession would hit international travel .
" Qantas has made it clear today 's decision is largely in response to a rapid deterioration in its international business , " she said .
Qantas also confirmed this month that it will inject $ 66 million into its superannuation scheme over the next three year to cover a shortfall caused by the meltdown in financial markets .
The airline recently raised $ 526 million through an institutional placement and retail share purchase in an effort to protect its investment - grade credit rating .
Ratings agency Moody 's cut Qantas 's long - term debt rating last month and warned of further cuts if air travel continued to suffer .
Analysts at Citi have said that it expected the other main ratings agency , Standard & Poor 's , to downgrade Qantas from BBB + to BBB .
Loading
The airline 's third - in - charge , John Borghetti , last week tendered his resignation , two weeks after the airline slashed the 90 senior management roles .
Flight Centre last week also issued its third profit downgrade in six months , amid the worst downturn in aviation and tourism in years .
Boston artist leaves paintings in S.F. for free SAN FRANCISCO Boston painter on a family visit adds message to his gifts , hoping that times are going to get better
Bren Bataclan 's cheerful cartoon creatures have been exhibited in some high places : at the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston , in Logan International Airport and even on a Girl Scout patch .
But lately he 's been leaving his artwork outside unemployment offices and closed - down retail stores across the country bearing the note : " Everything is Going to Be Alright - This Painting is Yours to Take . "
" The economy is so bad now .
People are losing their jobs , so this is how I can help , " said Bataclan , 39 , as he propped an acrylic painting of a horned creature with googly eyes and fangs next to an Embarcadero BART ticket machine on Friday .
The Boston artist stealth - deposited his canvases throughout San Francisco over his holiday family visit , in places such as the Financial District , where he figured he'd find a concentration of economically stressed - out people .
He wants to give away 30 of his artworks , which sell for anywhere between $ 95 and $ 400 , by Wednesday .
His artistic twist on paying it forward allows Bataclan to fight the recession funk , bring art to gallery outsiders , and live out his fantasy of being a graffiti artist without actually defacing anything .
" I am expressing myself and helping others at the same time .
That 's a pretty good combination , " Bataclan said .
Since 2003 , he 's left 400 free paintings in 20 U.S. cities and 20 countries .
On his Web site , finders pose with his creations and tell how his work brought them cheer .
Strangers open up to him about their chemotherapy , their bankruptcies , their failing marriages .
Preschool teacher Linda Gossage plucked one of his artworks from the Embarcadero BART station .
She plans to hang it in her classroom at Sunset Co-op Nursery School .
Graphic designer , 29 year old Yusef Beckles admires the art he found at the Powell Street BART station in San Francisco .
Boston artist Bren Bataclan left his bold , smiling cartoon - style paintings free for the taking on Friday , January 2 , 2009 .
He attaches a note to each saying , " Everything is Going to Be All Right . "
It is his way to brighten people 's days in this recession .
less Graphic designer , 29 year old Yusef Beckles admires the art he found at the Powell Street BART station in San Francisco .
Boston artist Bren Bataclan left his bold , smiling cartoon - style paintings free for the ... more Photo : Michael Maloney , The Chronicle Photo : Michael Maloney , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Boston artist leaves paintings in S.F. for free 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
" I 've heard about this artist before .
I can't believe I actually found one his paintings ! " she said .
" I 'm going to tell my students about this - it's a perfect example of sharing . "
The buzz Bataclan has created acts as his public relations arm - much in the same way Keith Haring launched a career as one of the country 's most sought - after muralists after he anonymously drew chalk cartoons in the New York subways in the 1980s .
Bataclan 's name has begun trickling from the art magazines and blogs to the mainstream media , and he 's getting enough commissions to pursue his art full time .
His murals dot schools , hospitals and libraries throughout Boston .
It all started with the dot - com bust .
After working at several design firms and teaching computer animation at the University of Massachusetts , Bataclan found himself out of a job in 2000 .
He returned to his childhood fascination with doodling , and decided to show his cartoons at the Cambridge Open Studios event .
He sold 49 of 56 works .
Delighted , amazed and giddy , he decided to thank Boston for patronizing his art by leaving free paintings around town with a note asking only one thing in return : to smile at strangers more often .
Since 2003 , the Smile Boston Project has taken him around the world .
Wanderers have found his paintings at the Eiffel Tower , on park benches in Japan , at Graceland , along the canals of Venice , in penguin territory in Antarctica , on a cafe table in New York .
" I never in my life thought I would be doing this full time , but it 's the best job I 've ever had , " Bataclan said .
A newlywed who adored , but could n't afford one of Bataclan 's paintings of a husband and wife later found the art piece on a park bench .
The first person to take a free Bataclan had just had her first chemotherapy treatment .
Teenagers Josh Cabrido and Kyle McCurdy of San Jose plan to decorate their dorm rooms with the paintings they found in the Embarcadero BART station .
" I 've seen things like this on the Internet - where people post hopeful messages about the economy , " Cabrido said .
" I 'm definitely going to go on his Web site and see what this guy is all about . "
Yusef Beckles , a San Francisco graphic designer and self - described " guerrilla artist , " was deeply touched that another artist gave him a personal work for free .
" This , " he said , holding up the Bataclan painting he found in the BART station , " is the most precious and true thing an artist can do . "
Artist 's Web site Everything is Going to Be Alright Project www.bataclan.com
A student at Montreal 's Concordia University says he was proud to play a role in helping to stop a school attack in the United Kingdom this week .
Montreal student J.P. Neufeld alerted authorities after seeing a threat to a British school on an online forum .
( ( CBC ) ) J.P. Neufeld , a 21 - year - old Winnipeg native , alerted authorities on Tuesday after he stumbled across a posting on a web forum from a student claiming he was going to burn down his school in Norfolk , England .
" You do n't make threats like that idly .
Either it was a hoax or something he was going to go through with , " Neufeld told CBC News .
Neufeld saw the threat when he was scrolling through a forum on the technology website newgrounds.com .
" I saw this thread started by this guy .
It did n't seem serious at first .
It said that today at 11:30 a.m. GMT
I will commit violence and other forms of arson against my school [ in Norfolk ] .
He had posted a picture of a gas can , " Neufeld told CBC News .
He quickly looked up the phone number for police in the area and gave them a call via an internet telephone service .
" I said , ' Hi , I 'm a guy from Canada .
There is someone about to set fire to a school . '
At that point I did n't know the name of the school or the guy .
I gave the police the address of the thread , " said Neufeld .
Eventually , police and other contributors to the web forum tracked down information about a suspect and narrowed down the school .
In less than an hour , police made an arrest .
Police arrest 16 - year - old student outside high school
The Norfolk Constabulary in the U.K. said in a media statement that a 16 - year - old male student was taken into custody at Attleborough High School after he was found with a knife , matches and a canister containing a flammable liquid .
A 16 - year - old U.K. teen allegedly posted a message on the website newgrounds.com threatening violence against his school .
( ( CBC ) )
About 950 students attend the high school in Norfolk , about 170 kilometres north of London .
The teen was arrested for threats to commit criminal damage and possession of an offensive weapon , said the Norfolk Constabulary .
Police said the teenager is co-operating with the investigation and is being held under the Mental Health Act .
Neufeld also credited another contributor to the web forum who helped in the effort to alert authorities .
School leaders thank web users for help
Stuart Bailey , the head teacher at Attleborough High School , expressed gratitude for those who alerted authorities to the threat so quickly .
" We had been made aware of the student 's alleged intentions and stopped him before he entered the main school site , " said Bailey in a statement .
" I am very grateful to the person who did the right thing and made us aware . "
The Obama administration has opted not to ask the Supreme Court to review an appeals court decision that put some important restrictions on the FBI 's handling of its controversial and much - abused national security letters ( NSLs ) .
The administration 's decision will force the FBI to justify to a judge the gag orders that it routinely slaps on the targets of NSLs .
When the Patriot Act was originally passed in 2001 , it contained a provision that enabled the FBI to issue a gag order to the target of an NSL .
Given that national security letters are essentially subpoenas that do n't require a warrant ( these are controversial in their own right ) , the fact that the gag order no longer required a warrant meant that the FBI could demand data from an ISP and then instruct the company not to talk about it .
About five years ago , one target of an NSL and gag order approached the ACLU for representation , kicking off what has now morphed into Doe v. Holder ( the case has since gone through various names as the attorney general has changed over the years ) .
The most recent development in the case happened last year , when an appeals court ruled that the government must demonstrate the need for any NSL - related gag order to a judge , and in the process the order must meet a higher First Amendment standard than that defined in the original Patriot Act legislation .
The court 's ruling ultimately shifts the burden of justifying the gag order onto the government , where it was previously up to the target of the gag order to challenge it in court under procedures set out in a later amendment to the Patriot Act .
" The next step is for the government to drop the unwarranted and unconstitutional gag on Doe , " said Melissa Goodman , a staff attorney with the ACLU National Security Project .
" At this point it 's clear that the gag order serves no legitimate purpose . "
The ACLU suggests that the underlying FBI investigation that prompted the NSL and the gag order may well be over , hence the irrelevance of the gag order that the FBI continues to enforce .
It 's also the case that the FBI withdrew the original request for information that prompted the gag order in the first place .
At this point , it 's not clear whose interest is being served by the FBI 's continued enforcement of the gag order .
Further reading
“ There will be more common variants to find , ” Dr. Hunter said .
“ It would be unfortunate if we gave up now . ”
Dr. Goldstein , however , said it was “ beyond the grasp of the genomewide association studies ” to find rare variants with small effects , even by recruiting enormous numbers of patients .
He said resources should be switched away from these highly expensive studies , which in his view have now done their job .
“ If you ask what is the fastest way for us to make progress in genetics that is clinically helpful , ” he said , “ I am absolutely certain it is to marshal our resources to interrogate full genomes , not in fine - tuning our analyses of common variations . ”
He advocates decoding the full DNA of carefully selected patients .
Dr. Kraft and Dr. Hunter say that a person ’s genetic risk of common diseases can be estimated only roughly at present but that estimates will improve as more variants are found .
But that means any risk estimate offered by personal genomics companies today is unstable , Dr. Kraft said , and subject to upward or downward revision in the future .
Further , people who obtain a genomic risk profile are likely to focus with horror on the disease for which they are told they are at highest risk .
Yet this is almost certain to be an overestimate , Dr. Kraft said .
The reason is that the many risk estimates derived from a person ’s genomic data will include some that are too high and some that are too low .
So any estimate of high risk is likely to be too high .
The phenomenon is called the “ winner ’s curse , ” by analogy to auctions in which the true value of an item is probably the average of all bids ; the winner by definition has bid higher than that , and so has overpaid .
Dr. Kari Stefansson , chief executive of deCODE Genetics , an Icelandic gene - hunting company that also offers a personal genome testing service , said deCODE alerted clients to pay attention to diseases for which testing shows their risk is three times as great as average , not to trivial increases in risk .
Enlarge By Mark Lennihan , AP An LRP - 38 LED lamp from Cree True White Technology is shown at the Lightfair International trade show Tuesday , May 5 , 2009 in New York .
The lamp uses 12 watts of energy and is designed to last 50,000 hours .
NEW YORK  Light - emitting diodes are prime candidates for replacing inefficient incandescent bulbs , but have a few things working against them .
they can provide a pleasing warm light or they can be energy - efficient , but they have n't been able to be both at the same time .
On Tuesday , two small companies showed off an LED lamp that 's both very power - efficient and produces a light similar to that of a standard tungsten or halogen bulb .
The LEDs in the lamp shine through a thin layer of " quantum dots , " a scattering of particles of very small but precisely controlled size .
When light hits them , they emit light of a different color , much like the " phosphor " layer of a fluorescent tube .
The magic of quantum dots is that the color they emit can be controlled very accurately by adjusting their size , which means less wasted energy and more pleasing color .
The dots are so small that more than 10,000 of them could be could be lined up over the width of a human hair .
The Quantum Light lamp is made by Nexxus Lighting of Charlotte , which demonstrated it at the Light Fair trade show in New York .
The lamp will go on sale late this year at an as yet undetermined price .
Nexxus already sells a version of it that lacks quantum dots , yielding a bluer , harsher light , for around $ 100 .
The more pleasing light produced by quantum dots could allow LEDs to outshine compact fluorescent bulbs , which are energy - efficient but have taken time to win over consumers , said Bill Blackley , vice president at Nexxus .
" A hundred years , incandescents have been around .
That 's what people want , " Blackley said .
Given the high price of LED lights , the main use for them so far has been in commercial applications , like restaurants and hotels , where the longevity of the lamps makes up for their purchase cost .
Nexxus says the lamps last up to 25 times longer than halogen alternatives .
The layer of quantum dots in the lamp are the first commercial product of QD Vision Inc. , a Massachusetts Institute of Technology spinoff based in Watertown , Mass .
It hopes to spread their use to many other applications , including TV backlights , where they could improve brightness and color saturation .
Quantum dots have shown up in an LED lighting product before — in strings of colored Christmas lights launched last year by QD Vision competitor Evident Technologies of Troy , N.Y. Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Opinion
The best investment money can buy
Feeling sorry for yourself ?
Struggling to get by ?
Wondering how you can get a bailout ?
Well , stop moping , because it 's not too late !
I may not have Suze Orman 's verve or Billy Mays ' voice .
But I 've discovered a revolutionary risk - free investment plan straight from those who brought us the economic meltdown .
So in this column - fomercial , I wo n't waste your time with Ginsu knives or cash - for - timeshare schemes - I 'm going to help make you rich beyond your wildest dreams !
Look , we 've all heard about Wall Street 's losses .
But you probably did n't hear about Corporate America 's newest sure thing : a path to financial freedom far more reliable than any decent - paying job .
It 's something so old - fashioned that even amateur investors can understand it !
It 's called graft - a surefire wealth creator that takes your investments , modifies laws and delivers returns that the best stock trader could never dream of !
This is the ShamWow of strategies , the Flowbee of economics , the Ronco of investing .
Just look at the profits it generates !
In the last decade , the financial industry 's $ 5 billion investment in campaign contributions and lobbyists resulted in deregulation , which generated trillions for executives .
And when the bubble burst , there was another boatload of free money !
By Bloomberg News ' account , $ 12.8 trillion worth of taxpayer loans , grants and guarantees - all to Wall Street !
But wait ... there 's more !
The Associated Press this week reports that " companies that spent hundreds of millions lobbying successfully for a tax break enacted in 2004 got a 22,000 - percent return on that investment " - $ 100 billion in all .
That could be you !
Of course , the secret is investing heavily in specific political stocks .
For example , the banking industry recently paid Rahm Emanuel $ 16 million for about two years of work .
That investment was recently paid back when , as President Obama 's chief of staff , Emanuel led the January campaign to release another $ 350 billion in bank bailout funds .
Turning a $ 16 million down payment into a $ 350 billion payout - that 's huge !
Likewise , Goldman Sachs hired former Senate aide Mark Patterson as one of its lobbyists - an investment that proved a huge winner when Patterson became the Treasury Department 's chief of staff and the agency subsequently killed proposals to limit executive compensation at bailed - out banks .
Cha-ching !
And the hedge fund industry paid economist Larry Summers $ 5.2 million in 2008 for part - time work - an investment that hit pay dirt when Summers became Obama 's top economic aide and the administration resisted tough international hedge fund regulations that some G - 20 countries wanted .
Show me the money !
That 's right , the surest way to make big cash is not to invest in people with proven business experience or in valuable entrepreneurial ventures , but in blue - chip members of Permanent Washington - career politicos and bureaucrats who inevitably get back into positions of power and payback !
Now I know you think that I sound like the guy in the question - mark suit and that my plan seems like a scam .
But it 's perfectly legal !
So how much would you pay for this kind of opportunity ?
$ 100 trillion ?
$ 50 trillion ?
What if I said you could get all this for just a few billion in pocket change ?
Because that 's all it takes to start no -risk investing !
It 's that easy !
Why let the corporate guys make all the money off government ?
Why waste time working for companies that make stuff when you can buy the one company that simply prints cash ?
Order now to try my product !
It 's not available in stores , but if you call within the next 15 minutes , we 'll throw in free congressional and White House phone directories valued at $ 49.95 !
Operators are standing by !
In KOTOR , bringing down Darth Malak with a lightsaber is like felling a tree with a herring .
A few weeks ago , I talked about how the d20 system ( You know : Hit points , damage rolls , and health potions ) was great for tabletop games but terrible for video gaming .
I suggested that developers would do well to come up with a new system for dealing with deadly combat rather than using the d20 system when it does n’t really suit .
The entire system collapses into nonsense when the player finds themselves fighting other large foes armed with deadly weapons .
I find it difficult to imagine how a ten - foot ogre could hit you with an axe in such a way that it did not kill you , much less allow you to continue fighting .
You get away with this when a DM is narrating the game , but when you see it happen on the computer screen it just looks silly .
The worst abuse of this system happens in the various Star Wars games where you engage in lightsaber combat .
In all the games I ’ve played , what you end up with is two champions standing toe - to - toe , hacking away at each other with lightsabers .
They stab each other and the player downs the occasional health pack , and this continues until one of them finally accumulates enough lightsaber wounds to die .
It looks utterly ridiculous .
It does n’t make sense .
It does n’t even feel like a swordfight .
We need a new gameplay mechanic that allows for one - on - one duels .
Here are some requirements :
We need a system that allows two characters to do battle with things like lightsabers , which deal lethal or near - lethal damage in a single blow .
We do n’t want to re-create the mechanics of ACTUAL swordplay , where the two combatants fight a long stalemate while waiting for their foe to make a single mistake that can be exploited .
We never want the player to just hammer away at the attack button , waiting for the random number generator to give them a break and let them strike down their enemy .
That would be tedious and frustrating .
Like the system of hit points , we need a system of PROGRESS , where steady effort can be used to bring down your foe .
The battle should have strategy .
In movie swordfights , the characters move all over the scene , using the environment to try and gain some advantage .
In video games , there is no reason to move around , so the fighters just stand there and trade blows .
Yawn .
We need to keep the fight mobile .
The system needs to make sense and be intuitive .
While my explanation might be long , my goal is to create something that can be understood in a few minutes or less .
Ideally , the system should be obvious and require only minimal explanation for the newbie .
Let ’s start simple .
We assume that we have a game with one - on - one combat using deadly weapons .
From here on I ’ll mostly discuss the system in terms of lightsaber fights , although all of this can apply to everything from rapiers to battleaxes .
Let ’s also assume we are dealing with player vs. computer combat here , and not player vs. player .
Aside from the attack button , you can press forward to move closer to your enemy , and back to step away from them .
Right and left will cause you to circle them , slowly .
( No FPS - style circle - strafing here . )
Right now we do n’t need any high attack / low attack buttons , or a block button , a duck button , or anything else .
A lot of these functions will be superfluous , and others will be emergent .
The first step is to throw away the hit point bar .
We do n’t need it .
If someone gets hit , they die .
Instead of hit points , we have “ Focus ” .
You can call this whatever you like : Balance , focus , concentration , defense , ki , zen , or whatever label you think best conveys to the player “ this is your ability to defend yourself ” .
When your foe takes a swing at you , your character will deflect the blow with their weapon , and you will lose a bit of Focus .
If your Focus runs out , you will fail to stop their attack and they will fatally run you through .
With this small change we now have a system that works just like the old hit - point system , except the game will no longer show the combatants hacking away at each others ’ midsections until one of them falls over .
The gameplay will work the same , but look a lot more reasonable .
But we can do even better …
Boxing games have this .
Every time you take a swing , your stamina goes down a bit .
You can take between five and ten swings before this meter is empty .
At that point you need to stop and recover for a few seconds , and your foe will have the opportunity to strike back .
If you continue to attack , your exhaustion will cause your swings to be slow and clumsy .
Your foe will be able to fend off your blows easily , and you will not damage their Focus .
Furthermore , pressing the attack when you are drained will damage your stamina , meaning your meter will either fill more slowly or not fill all the way , thus reducing the number of useful attacks you can make in the future .
This is a gradual thing :
Occasionally taking an extra swing is no big deal , but relentlessly abusing your arm will seriously weaken you and put you at a great disadvantage .
Let ’s get our fighters moving :
If you are above your foe ( on a ramp or steps ) then your attacks will be stronger ( take away more of his Focus ) and his attacks will drain more of his stamina ( thus limiting the number of attacks he can usefully deliver ) .
So , the high ground is something to strive for .
You want to press your advantage when on the high ground , and give way when your foe does .
There are other situations that also create a disadvantage :
Having your back to a wall .
Being blanced on a narrow ledge , beam , or tightrope .
Having your back to an abyss , dangerous machinery , flames , or other area where you cannot retreat .
Standing on unstable ground , like crumbling rock or a swinging rope bridge .
When you are attacked , you will be slowly pushed back .
Much like a real duel , every odd blow will force you to take a small backward step as you defend yourself .
Meanwhile , your opponent will be chipping away at your Focus .
You can choose to back away from your foe while he attacks .
This will cause you to give up ground more quickly , but also gives you a defensive advantage that will reduce the Focus damage you will take .
You can also do the reverse , and push forward ( against your foe ) as he attacks .
This will cause you to hold your ground at the cost of taking more Focus damage .
Note that fighters can always walk forward faster than they can retreat , so it ’s no good trying to run away .
As an attacker , you can choose to press forward as you attack , which will lessen the focus damage you inflict but allow you to push them back faster .
This combines with whatever they are doing .
So , if you are pressing forward while they are retreating , then they are going to give up ground very quickly , but you will be doing almost no damage .
A smart attacker will use this to his advantage , and maneuver their retreating foe into a tough spot .
You can circle your foe much faster when attacking and much slower when defending .
This means the attacker has the most control over where the fight is headed , and can steer an overly - defensive opponent into a corner .
To put it another way , whoever spends the most time attacking will have the most control over where the fight is headed .
In the lightsaber games I ’ve played , every once in a while the combatants will randomly lock blades for a few seconds .
This is done for visual effect , and usually has no real bearing on the battle itself .
But now we have a system where saberlock is an emergent part of the system .
If the attacker is pressing forward and the defender is refusing to give up ground , then they lock blades and start pushing .
Their stamina bars begin to drain .
( Note that you can not see your foes ’ stamina bar . )
You can release the controller and allow yourself to be shoved back , or you can keep pressing forward into your foe .
Now it ’s a game of chicken .
Whoever runs out of stamina first will lose and get pushed back .
The longer the saberlock lasts , the bigger the fall the loser is going to take .
If it lasts only for a moment , the loser will move back a few steps .
If the contest lasts a long time , the loser is going to get knocked off their feet and tossed onto their butt .
What I ’ve outlined so far will make for a far more interesting swordfighting system than what we have now .
Battles will look like real battles , with the combatants moving all over the area , vying for position , and looking for tactical advantages to exploit .
Swordplay is no longer a button - mashing stab - fest where the player downs a healthpack or potion every few rounds .
Boss battles can be long and varied without simply pitting the player against a guy with eleventy billion hit points .
Battles should be exciting and look “ real ” .
( Real as in : how it looks in the movies . )
But we can add some more depth to the game if we like .
The following are a number of ideas to give the game even more interesting properties .
Note that some of them wo n’t work well together .
Each successive hit you deliver to your foe will be a little stronger ( take away more of his Focus ) than the previous , as long as your stamina meter is n’t empty .
So , to maximize your efficiency you will want to get as many consecutive hits as possible , without going over .
Lots of quick one - and - two hits in a row will do almost nothing to your foe .
Too many “ extra ” swings will weaken you later in the fight .
It costs extra stamina to attack when your enemy is in the middle of a chain of attacks .
Generally you ’ll only want to interrupt a chain of attacks if it ’s really important , like your focus is nearly gone or you ’re about to get backed into a bad spot .
The power behind a swing should be both seen and heard .
Potent swings should produce increasingly more high - pitched impacts and sparks , while weak attacks produce more muffled or subdued impacts .
If you ’re out of stamina and you attack , your character should give a very broad and heavy - handed swing .
Instead of deflecting it with their weapon , your foe will lean or duck out of the way ( basically they will dodge without giving up ground ) .
This gives the player a visual clue that they need to stop swinging without needing to look at the stamina meter .
All of this would go very well with a system of self - balancing gameplay .
If you make Stamina , attack power , and Focus into stats that the player can improve over time , then you ’ll have a very flexible system that can entertain gamers of all skill levels .
This system works for fighting multiple enemies as well .
Just like in the movies , your character can swing their weapon to intercept attacks coming from behind , even if they really should n’t know those attacks are coming .
Heroes in the movies do this all the time and we accept it .
Lesser foes would have very little focus and would require only a few swings to dispatch .
Doing so can refill some of your lost focus , thus removing the need for healthpacks altogether .
If you want more “ twitch ” in your game ( you want to aim the game at hyperactive 13 - year - olds with awesome reflexes ) then you can go that route as well .
You can add special combo moves and counter - moves and complex button sequences that will unleash devastating attacks .
I wo n’t play such a game , but lots of gamers really enjoy this sort of thing .
A more mild twitch idea : tapping the attack button in the right rhythm will give attacks more power .
Just hammering away on the attack button as fast as you can will cause you to burn stamina more quickly .
Hitting the button more slowly gives your foe the chance to counterattack and end your chain of attacks before you really get going .
Add a taunt button .
If you knock your foe away for a second you can hit this button and attempt to anger them .
Doing so may enrage them , causing them to over - attack and abuse their stamina .
Suddenly the dialog has real strategic value in the battle !
The reverse could be fun as well , with the computer - driven enemy goading the player with taunts .
If the writers are good and have crafted an interesting and believeable villian , then the player is going to be tempted to hammer away at the attack button carelessly .
I ’m convinced there is money in this idea , but I lack the resources to do anything with it .
Maybe someone will find themselves in a position to put these ideas to use .
I really think someone needs to get ahold of the team behind the next Lucasarts Nerf - Lightsaber game and get them to read this thing over .
I love git .
I ’ll state that up front .
I also love github , which I ’ve expressed in the past .
Both are making me look at software in a new way .
I also think the pair of them are changing some of the rules we know for how open source projects emerge and move forward .
Recently I was working on building a Rails based Event Calendar for MHVLUG .
This gave me a chance to dig in on ical , which has fascinated me since a set of talks at YAPC a decade ago .
There were 2 ruby ical libraries out there ( icalendar.rb and vpim.rb ) , neither did quite what I wanted , and both projects were more or less dormant ( the mailing lists were lots of “ is anyone alive ? ” posts ) .
Ug , I was stuck , and if I had to start from scratch on ical , that was all I ’d end up doing , never getting to my application .
I googled some more … and low and behold found a github.com fork of icalendar.rb , and forks of that .
Those forks implemented about 50 % of the fixes I needed to get ical generation with timezones to work .
So I forked from one of those and 6 changesets later , had what I needed .
I then built my application , and life was good .
A few days later I decided to collect up all the changes in all the github icalendar trees , and merge them into my tree .
While git itself can be somewhat confusing , github adds this really slick web interface on top of git trees , that makes the merge process pretty painless .
This is one of their key innovations , and it ’s just incredible .
I selected all the outstanding changes that would merge cleanly , pulled them in , and now had a tree which largely encompassed the 8 existing forks on github.com .
I posted back to the dead mailing list and let people know there was this now living github tree where the project had seemed dead .
I got a couple of new patches people wanted in , and 2 months later the maintainer actually showed up again and gave me admin access to the icalendar project so I could publish official versions .
This pattern repeated a few more times on the project .
I found a piece of code on github that did 90 % of what I needed , but I needed a change .
I created my fork , added my feature , and pushed it back out ( with a pull request ) .
A few days later the maintainer pulled them back in , and now they are officially part of the project .
I ’m not vested in those projects , but I had relevant fixes , and because we were all using a tool that makes it easy to be a casual contributor , they are now part of the open source projects in the sky .
Casual Contributions
If you have n’t seen the paper on participation inequality , go and read it … now !
Previously most of the studies on open source community participation focussed on big projects like the Linux Kernel , or Apache .
That ’s sort of like trying to understand patterns of home construction by looking at Frank Loyd Wright ’s houses .
Those projects are outliers in how communities work .
This study did a much broader look at online communities and found the striking 1 - 9 - 90 pattern :
This is how communities work .
1 % of the population does most of the work , 9 % are casual contributors , and 90 % are just consumers .
Your user base is a silent majority .
In an open source world the 1 % are the core contributors , and possibly the heavy power users .
9 % is the people that file a bug now and then , maybe a patch or two , everyone else is the people that just download your code and you never hear from them .
This patern more or less holds true for all volunteer efforts .
In open source we ’ve got an issue , which is that getting code from the 9 % is hard .
The 1 % typically has access to a central source management repository , and can merge code fixes as soon as they see them .
The 9 % has to follow a completely different process , posting patches to trackers or mailing lists , many of which get lost because there are a bunch more manual steps to pull them into the main tree .
If any process requires more effort by the 1 % , it typically wo n’t happen , they are full up on time as it is .
And this is where git and github , start making things interesting .
While I run a number of open source efforts , I end up in the 9 % all the time .
If you are now using git for your main tree the 9 % and the 1 % are now using the same tools , which allow seemless inclusion of code .
The merge algorithm on git is really wonderous .
I ’ve had instances of massive renaming of files while trying to integrate external fixes in those files , and everything just worked .
It actually surprised the hell out of me .
The 9 % just want to casually contribute something they are n’t signing up for a lifestyle .
Get my fix out there , if other people want it , great , if not , so be it .
The fact that integration is 2 mouse clicks and 10 seconds of effort makes the chance of capturing those changes much more likely .
Recovering the Brown Field
Ever look at sourceforge.net ?
or any of the clones ?
50 % of those projects never got off the ground .
Another 40 % have died out for other reasons , the contributors : had a family , started working for a company that does n’t let them work in OSS , got bored withthe project , died , or became inactive for any number of other reasons .
When open source software exploded in 2000 , there was a lot of greenfield .
Everyone was out there building new stuff that no one had done before .
But now we have a lot of brown field .
A lot of 1/2 planned , 1/ 2 finished pieces of code that have useful bits in them , but have been abandonned by their original creators .
Tools like git and github help you recover that brown field .
In the last couple of months I run into project after project that petered out in 2006 , but has a bunch of good code .
That means they are about 2 critical bug fixes away from being useful on modern systems .
It ’s really not much work , but in the old system , with the projects locked up in a forge with an SVN or CVS source management system , they were dead .
You had to start over .
With github you can import that tree and keep working .
It ’s a new pattern on how the open source community is going to function , while it could be built on any distributed SCM , the fact that git has a really good svn 2 way bridge , and that github made itself “ person oriented ” vs. “ project oriented ” really make me believe that it ’s creating a uniquely new pattern for both recovering the brown field of open source , and enabling the 9 % to be much more effective with their output .
Software in the era of drive by contribution
Now that we ’ve got a set of tools that really were designed for helping the 1 % and the 9 % work together , I think we ’re going to see a whole new blosoming of open source software .
The rules of what it means to be a project contributor are changing , in really exciting ways .
Forking used to cheap , and merging expensive , which is why forking was considered an insult .
But with tools like git merging is cheap , so the offensiveness of forking goes away .
It opens up for more experimentation , and more complex contributions happening outside the 1 % group .
All this increases the velocity of contribution , and thus the volume of open source software out there .
I really think distributed source control is changing a lot of assumptions for how software gets developed .
So if you have n’t yet dug into the space , do it .
WHAT'S THE MATTER with New Hampshire ?
The flinty , crusty , Union Leader - reading , Labatt 's - sipping , seat belt - shunning state went on a bender of progressive policy actions last month , approving legislation that might put the Cambridge City Council to shame .
First , the New Hampshire House of Representatives voted to raise the state 's gasoline tax by 15 cents over three years .
Then the House approved a bill allowing the use of medical marijuana , by a vote of 234-138 .
Next , it voted to repeal the state 's capital punishment statute .
The House wrapped up March with a vote to legalize same - sex marriage , and the Senate followed suit yesterday .
In journalism , we sometimes say that three examples of something constitute a trend .
But four actions that turn the liberal litmus test strip pink - this must be a movement !
Not to put too fine a point on it , the state 's new Republican Party chairman , former governor John H. Sununu , called his state 's legislative output " a San Francisco agenda . "
Now , before anyone gets too excited thinking that New Hampshire is morphing into Vermont , let 's remember that the four bills still need final approval , and that Governor John Lynch , a moderate Democrat , has said he opposes all of them .
Still , there 's something in the air in New Hampshire .
Until recently it was the only state in the country that did not provide free public kindergarten - and defiantly so .
Now the state offers grants and other incentives to its local school districts to provide kindergarten classes , and only a tiny handful are still resisting .
There 's even a mandatory seat - belt law under serious consideration , in a state where the God - given right to bash one 's own skull in has been long revered .
What could be causing this unprecedented turn in Granite State politics ?
Here 's one idea : women .
Since January , the New Hampshire Senate has been making history as the first majority female legislative body in the country : Thirteen of its 24 members are women .
Overall , the New Hampshire Legislature is 37.7 percent female , just a fraction behind Vermont ( 37.8 percent ) and Colorado ( 38 percent ) .
But New Hampshire also has women in leadership : a woman House speaker , a woman Senate president , and a woman majority whip .
The congressional delegation is 50 percent female , including one of only 17 women in the US Senate .
It 's as if there was a bloodless coup of the state 's political establishment in November , and women were the avatars of change .
Cynics suggest that it is precisely because New Hampshire 's Legislature is part time and virtually unpaid - members earn $ 100 a session , plus commuting expenses - that women are allowed to compete for legislative seats that are n't as prized as they are in , say , Massachusetts .
It 's just volunteerism , like rolling bandages .
Why not let the women have it ?
But the rising number of women in the Legislature has made a difference .
For one thing , women who run are more likely to be Democrats ; just two of the 13 women senators are Republicans .
In that sense , at least , a distaff - dominated legislature is likely to be more progressive .
Numerous studies of the gender gap have found that women tend to be more liberal - in the word 's sense of " generous " - especially when it comes to funding programs for children , the environment , and healthcare .
Men are more libertarian , tending to be skeptical of government solutions and protective of individual rights .
More to the point , the tone and perspective are different with women in charge .
" I do think gender has affected the way we discuss issues , " says Exeter Democrat Margaret Hassan , the Senate 's president pro tem .
" Women tend to see problems in a much less segmented fashion , and that has allowed us to connect the dots in different ways . "
This is the more interesting question about women in power .
Sure , women should be heard more in government - and the law , and science , and journalism - as a matter of sheer equity .
But it 's not the quantity of women so much as the different quality that can bring real change .
Women see the world as a web of relationships .
They are more communitarian and less individualistic .
They are less ideological and more practical .
It 's hard to imagine a better set of qualities for solving the intricate problems that face our world .
What 's the matter with New Hampshire ?
Nothing .
They 've just seen the future up there .
Renée Loth is editorial page editor of the Globe .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
420 Day : Medical Marijuana 's Big Bash Today is a celebration of cannabis for many but it also means big business .
April 20 , 2009  -- Welcome to April 20 .
While it might just seem like a normal Monday to you , for many in the cannabis culture , today -- also known as 420 day -- is a holiday to celebrate and consume marijuana .
Across the country , legalization advocates , medical marijuana dispensaries and recreational users plan to celebrate .
In the San Francisco Bay community of Richmond , about 200 people are expected to show up at the " First Annual 420 Patients Appreciation Bash " at the 7 Stars Holistic Healing Center .
The medical marijuana dispensary opened its doors in February but plans to use this highly publicized event as its grand opening .
California NORML , the legalization advocacy group , has been helping to promote the bash .
" It 's a way to bring awareness to the movement , " said Adrian E. Moore , director of operations at 7 Stars .
" The overall message that we 're trying to relay is to erase some of the stereotypes that are associated with marijuana and recreational use . "
The $ 10 event will include a buffet , DJ , hookah and billiards .
While the day is about having a good time , it is also to raise awareness , said J.J. Dayem , director of patient services at 7 Stars .
" The biggest thing is to have an open mind and know that there are people out there who are generally suffering from cancer , back pain , all sorts of medical problems , " he said .
" The biggest thing is that people should be able to get safe access . "
The police are taking their own part in 420 day .
In Florida this morning , a police officer pulled over a white pick - up truck and got a surprise : a giant stash of marijuana plants .
The pile was estimated to be worth half a million dollars .
( The driver escaped before police could arrest him . )
Regardless of where you stand on the moral and legal issues surrounding marijuana use , one thing has become clear : as more state legalize its use for medical reasons , a whole new industry has cropped up .
For 7 Stars and similar businesses , 420 day is n't just about advocacy -- it 's about dollars and cents .
Nowhere is that more evident than just a little further up the California coast in Humboldt County .
Pot Central
When Stephen Gasparas arrived in Humboldt County in late 2004 , he was driving a VW Westfalia pop -top camper on the verge of breaking down and had only $ 100 in his pocket .
Gasparas , who ran a flooring business in Chicago before heading west , seems to have found far greener pastures in Humboldt County 's medical marijuana industry .
Less than four years later , the owner of the Arcata iCenter , a collective marijuana dispensary , is now driving a new hybrid Toyota Highlander and bringing in about $ 100,000 a year .
( And judging by the foot traffic in and out of the iCenter , that figure is a modest estimate . )
But Gasparas is just one of many in Humboldt County and throughout California benefiting from the booming medical marijuana industry .
Exactly how much the Golden State has made in pot profits is a hazy figure , mostly because California does n't keep exact numbers on the sales tax on medical marijuana .
It 's estimated that $ 143 million in medical marijuana sales have netted $ 11.4 million in state and local taxes annually , based on registered businesses , California State Board of Equalization spokeswoman Anita Gore said .
And those estimates are small compared with those in a 2006 report co-written by California NORML state coordinator Dale Gieringer , which said that Californians consumed between $ 870 million and $ 2 billion worth of medical marijuana per year .
Of course , marijuana is nothing new to Humboldt County .
Humboldt , part of Northern California 's Emerald Triangle , has long been known for its high - grade marijuana crop , which has been immortalized on merchandise , including " Got Humboldt ? "
T - shirts , skateboards that feature weed and the words " Humboldt Gold , " and a movie named -- what else ? -- " Humboldt County . "
One recent study by Steven Hackett , an economics professor at Humboldt State University , estimated marijuana brings in as much as a half billion dollars to the county 's economy .
Those who believe Hackett 's number is much too high probably have not wandered through the streets of cities like Arcata , enjoying the sights -- and scents -- of Humboldt .
At the I - Block Party this fall , a fundraiser for Arcata 's sister city , Camoapa , Nicaragu , the heavy scent of pot hung in the warm air as the crowd grooved to a reggae band .
Humboldt Glassblowers , a local shop featuring work by local artists , offers a seemingly endless supply of gorgeous swirled glass pipes -- not to mention hookahs , Frisbees and magazines like " High Times " and " 420 Magazine . "
There , it seemed hard to go anywhere without smelling ganja , or at least spotting some reference to it .
Marijuana Economy
For years , Humboldt County has enjoyed the benefits of a booming underground economy .
But changes to state laws -- such as the passage of Proposition 215 in 1996 , when voters approved the medical use of marijuana -- mean that many engaged in cultivation and sales are trying to follow state medical marijuana laws .
Or at least some of them are making an effort , and in doing so are pouring money into local and state tax coffers .
The City of Arcata declined to disclose specific taxes paid on medical marijuana sales by local businesses , calling that " proprietary information . "
But the city 's finance director , Janet Luzzi , said one dispensary in town is among Arcata 's top 25 producers of sales tax , and has been for several quarters .
" It 's not always there , " Luzzi said .
" But it 's often there . "
Other medical marijuana dispensaries , however , recently received written reminders from Luzzi .
" Not all of them were paying taxes , " she said .
And taxes aside , most here acknowledge marijuana sales have for years contributed to county finances .
Vocal medical marijuana advocate Martha Devine was sitting on a park bench in the flower - lined Arcata Plaza , near a large circle of people kicking around a hacky sack and dozens of dancers .
A steel drum band was playing for an enthusiastic crowd , and shoppers were wandering in and out of stores .
" The economy of Humboldt County would have ceased to exist a long time ago without it , " said Devine , glancing around the plaza .
" This county was built on marijuana . "
Devine , who 's known to some here as " Granny Green Genes , " said this place was a ghost town when she arrived in Humboldt 32 years ago .
She 's witnessed the decline of the county 's other traditional industries , like timber and fisheries , and believes marijuana is largely responsible for Humboldt 's progressive culture and thriving businesses .
" I think it 's really kept our economy going , " Devine said .
While Devine acknowledged that Humboldt 's cannabis cash crop has brought in the bad with the good -- things like harder drugs and guns -- she said she hopes medical marijuana will help the industry fight the negative aspects associated with black ( or even gray ) market economies .
She said she does not have a medical marijuana ID card " at the present time " but believes many ill members of the community have benefited tremendously from their " medicine . "
Medical Marijuana Support
Despite widespread support for medical marijuana , tensions seem especially high in towns like Arcata , where people are struggling to agree on the details of medical marijuana , such as rules for growing and limits for medical marijuana possession .
It 's a debate that 's playing out in counties around California , from historically pot-friendly places like Mendocino County to Los Angeles .
The City of Arcata was recently reviewing the standards of its own marijuana guidelines when the new guidelines by the California Attorney General 's Office were issued late last month .
City staff members are currently reviewing the new statewide guidelines , which set clearer policies on medical marijuana identification cards , plant limits and mandate that dispensaries operate as collectives or cooperatives .
Arcata hopes to soon send guidelines to the City Council for its approval .
But whether the new state and local guidelines can help bring peace to Humboldt remains to be seen .
In the meantime , many local residents seem uncomfortable in their current position , caught between conflicting and confusing state and federal laws , where medical marijuana dispensaries that pay their state and local taxes may be raided at any time by the Drug Enforcement Administration or other federal agencies .
Some residents complain that a few grow houses have grown out of control , causing problems ranging from skunk - like odors to house fires .
So , even as California 's attorney general seems comfortable delving into the medical marijuana debate , stores like Humboldt Hydroponics refuse to even discuss the topic .
When asked about the issue of medical marijuana and the economy , a man behind the counter of Humboldt Hydroponics shop in Arcata seemed on edge as he immediately insisted he had nothing to say because his shop had " no affiliation " with medical marijuana .
But while standing outside his Arcata iCenter dispensary , Stephen Gasparas seemed to be making a sincere effort to bring medical marijuana out of the shadows and celebrate its contributions to California 's economy .
He warmly greeted many of the patients -- many of them 20 - or 30 - something guys -- who stopped in the business .
Gasparas , who had battled over permit issues at previous business he ran a few doors down from his medical marijuana dispensary , talked about his efforts to pay sales taxes and give back to the community .
He talked about his new fire relief fund .
And when an employee came outside to ask him about a patient 's form , Gasparas insisted that personal contact must be made with each doctor who 's suggested a patient try medical marijuana .
" I'm here seven days a week , " he said .
" I would n't screw around . "
A new study in Marine Pollution Bulletin has confirmed that the world ’s largest sea turtle is succumbing in startling numbers to an environmental issue that receives little attention : plastic trash in the oceans .
To conduct his study Dr. Mike James from Dalhousie University and colleagues looked back over four decades of leatherback necropsies , i.e. post - mortems of animals .
“ We wanted to see if plastics ingestion in leatherbacks was hype or reality , ” says James .
It has long been theorized that leatherbacks often confuse plastic trash , especially plastic bags , with one of their favorite prey — jellyfish .
In an unfortunate connection , both jellyfish and plastic trash are often found at where oceanic water masses meet .
Female leatherback sea turtle making nest in Suriname .
Photo by : Tiffany Roufs .
“ After reviewing the results of 371 necropsies since 1968 , we discovered over one third of the turtles had ingested plastic , ” James says .
Plastic consumed by turtles leads to partial or complete obstruction of gastrointestinal tract .
While the plastic takes its toll on the turtle ’s diet , energy , and reproduction , a complete blockage can lead to starvation .
The more plastic a turtle ingests the more likely the trash will kill it , but even a little plastic can weaken a turtle significantly .
“ The frustrating , yet hopeful aspect is that humans can easily begin addressing the solution , without major lifestyle changes , ” says Dr. James .
“ It ’s as simple as reducing packaging and moving towards alternative , biodegradable materials and recycling . ”
Leatherbacks are currently classified by the IUCN Redlist as critically endangered .
Having inhabited the earth for over a hundred million years — surviving comets , global warming , and ice ages — it would be sadly ironic if the leatherback should go extinct due to something humans consider as innocuous as plastic bags .
Related articles
Saving leatherback turtles in South America ’s smallest country , Suriname : An interview with Liz McHuron
( 01/27/2009 )
After a year studying marine biology at Moss Landing Marine Labs , Liz McHuron headed off to the little - known nation of Suriname to monitor leatherback sea turtles .
Her responsibilities included implementing a conservation strategy for a particular beach , moving leatherback nests in danger of flooding , and educating volunteer workers on the biology , behavior , and conservation efforts of the world ’s largest , and most unique , marine turtle .
I visited McHuron during her time at the beach of Galibi in Suriname ; she proved to be the sort of scientist who refused to be deterred : breathtaking humidity or downpours , fer - de - lances on the beach or jaguars , Liz was always on the move , always working to aid the critically - endangered leatherbacks while studying them with the thoroughness inherit in a born scientist .
Discovery of new leatherback migration route may help save species
( 07/15/2008 )
Scientists have discovered a new migration route for the world ’s largest turtle , the leatherback .
The route takes the 2,000 - pound marine turtle from the Playa Grande beaches in Costa Rica to an area deep in the South Pacific .
Volunteering with Leatherback Sea Turtles in Galibi , Suriname
( 07/08/2008 )
The northern coast of Suriname is one of the best places in the world to view the largest turtle , the marine Leatherback .
Watching the turtle rise out of the tides onto the beach gives one the sense of meeting something ancient , rare , and more sea-monster than marine turtle .
Yet , if I call it a sea- monster , I do not mean that it is frightening or ugly : far from it .
But it is mysterious , terrible , and wondrous .
Sea turtle makes record migration – 12,774 miles
( 02/07/2008 )
Satellite - tagging has revealed that a leatherback sea turtle ( Dermochelys coriacea ) swam a total distance of 20,558 kilometers ( 12,774 miles ) over 647 days from Jamursba - Medi , Indonesia to the coast of Oregon .
The results are published in The State of the World ’s Sea Turtles magazine , a publication launched by conservation International and the IUCN Marine Turtle Specialist Group .
April 4
This morning I had the most extraordinary experience .
Mr Chau and I stopped at a roadside cafe on our way out of Hoi An , and a small , yellow - beaked , jet black , evil little creature swooped at me the moment I took one step inside what was apparently his territory .
It had very fast wings that enabled it to hover like a helicopter above me and then take diving sweeps towards my body and feet .
Before I knew what was going on , my arms and legs were flailing as I spun around , kicked , squealed and screamed , until I landed back on the pavement , only to see the bird perching smugly on the cafe counter .
Mr Chau was in fits of giggles while the cafe owner tried to shoo the bird away .
They were both as bewildered as I was , and kept encouraging me to try again , but each time I did , I was defeated , and ended up walking away to find somewhere else to eat .
Needless to say , I am a little more wary of birds these days than I used to be .
Siegelman : Justice misconduct in my case ' dwarfs ' Stevens ' trial Rachel Oswald
Published : Thursday April 2 , 2009
Print This Email This With the Department of Justice 's decision to dismiss ex-Sen. Ted Stevens ' corruption conviction on account of prosecutorial misconduct , another apparent victim of Bush - era DOJ wrongdoing , convicted former Alabama Gov. Don Siegelman , is hoping that Attorney General Eric Holder will turn to his own case for review .
In an interview with TPMmuckraker Wednesday evening , Siegelman said , " There seems to be substantial evidence of prosecutorial and other misconduct in my case , that would dwarf the allegations in the Stevens case . "
Holder made the decision to dismiss Stevens ' October conviction for failing to disclose $ 250,000 in gifts from an oil executive and others on Tuesday in light of a failure on the part of the prosecution to disclose all of its evidence to the defense .
" After careful review , I have concluded that certain information should have been provided to the defense for use at trial , " said Holder in a released statement Wednesday .
" In light of this conclusion , and in consideration of the totality of the circumstances of this particular case , I have determined that it is in the interest of justice to dismiss the indictment and not proceed with a new trial . "
In a released statement , Stevens said , " I always knew that there would be a day when the cloud that surrounded me would be removed .
That day has finally come . "
Siegelman said he supports
Holder 's decision but added , " I hope that [ Holder ] will take a look at some of the other cases that are buried on his desk . "
Among the allegations of prosecutorial misconduct in the Siegelman case was the continued legal advising of a Bush DOJ political appointee to her subordinates handling the case after she recused herself from involvement with the prosecution .
At the time her husband was campaigning in support of a Republican opponent of Siegelman's .
As Raw Story has reported , Siegelman was targeted by Republican opponents just weeks after first taking office in 1999 .
A bribery investigation into his appointment of a campaign contributor to a state board ultimately led to a 2006 conviction and a seven year jail sentence .
Siegelman is out of prison now while he waits the results of an appeal .
The political campaign to convict Siegelman is said to include former senior Bush advisor , Karl Rove , who has also been accused of smearing a Republican attorney who named Rove as a party to the investigation and conviction of Siegelman .
The House Judiciary Committee has taken Rove 's testimony on his alleged involvement in the Siegelman case .
Further depositions from Bush officials believed to have been party to improper political machinations are expected .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
How Do I ... Form a Co-op ?
Stephanie Lightfoot was running a small , successful business as a massage therapist but ran into a wall ... literally .
She built her business slowly , working from two rented rooms .
When the opportunity to expand her space arose , she could n't afford the increased rental costs .
So Lightfoot looked into starting a cooperative .
" So many business owners are trying to get up and running and do n't feel supported and the idea of having their own location was out of their budget , " she said .
" I just put my feelers out for people who wanted to own their own business but were n't able to do it alone . "
Members of the Good Life Wellness co-op in Savage Mill , Md. ( Courtesy of Stephanie Lightfoot )
There are different types of cooperatives .
Some are big -- like farmer co-op Land O'Lakes or ACE Hardware .
The top 100 co-ops boast a combined $ 117 billion in revenues .
A co-op is different from a traditional business in that it 's owned and democratically controlled by its members and it generally elects a director from within its membership .
It 's also common for a co-op to return any surplus revenues to members based on how much they use the co-op .
The National Cooperative Business Association offers detailed information on how to start a co-op , including legal and tax issues .
Lightfoot rounded up enough people to join her endeavor and invested in building out the new space .
The team of women who decided to run their businesses under one roof named their Savage Mill , Md. , location the Good Life Wellness building .
The new space opened in February .
Group members operate related businesses -- massage therapy , acupuncture , chiropractic , naturopathic and life coaching .
They hold workshops to educate each other about their respective skills .
They also have monthly staff meetings and members refer clients to one another .
Members cross paths infrequently as their industries do n't call for a typical 9 - to - 5 workday , but they have meetings , use online video conferencing , e-mail and put together a happy hour to meet and socialize , said Lightfoot .
The businesses also offer short samples of their services every other Friday and meet to mull over marketing that could be done as a team .
Lightfoot 's HandsOn Bodyworks business slowly went from one to seven massage therapists .
She also runs Organic Life Bodyworks , the umbrella company that oversees the management and direction of the building .
Each business housed in the Good Life Wellness building collects its own money , operates under its own name and is in control of its own schedule .
" Being the umbrella , I 'm the one who is legally responsible for the facility and the insurance , " said Lightfoot .
" My benefit is that I was working ... with limited space but have now been able to expand and take in more clients . "
She said members also benefit because if anyone " outgrows this place , they 'll be able to open a new location and they 'll already have built up their business name instead of having to work under the Good Life Wellness name . "
The Savage Mill co-op operates under a resource sharing agreement .
All of its members pay a monthly fee covering rent , electricity and advertising .
The fee is lower than if each member was responsible for her own facility .
When the co-op considers a new member , Lightfoot conducts an interview and co-op members meet with the candidate , who must offer a biography and an " intention letter " explaining why a co-op is the best solution for them .
" We have a detailed process and we know this person is here to grow their business so we try to make decisions based on the entire group , " said Lightfoot .
Additionally , each co-op member has the ability to have other people co-op under them , " which allows each co-op member to grow , " Lightfoot said .
Lightfoot said she really came to understand the importance of a feeling of ownership through her work in the Peace Corps and as a community organizer in Washington , D.C. , and Baltimore City .
In Baltimore she started the Orioles Academy , a school for kids who Lightfoot said " were about to be kicked out of their regular school . "
It received grants and funding through the Baltimore Orioles baseball team , but funding dried up when donations fell dramatically after the Sept. 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks .
The school closed , and Lightfoot decided to change careers and go to massage school .
Those experiences became the " foundation in which the whole concept of a co-op made sense , " Lightfoot said .
" It seems like people work harder when they have ownership of something .
It 's amazing how these women just cheer each other on and in a bad economy our businesses are growing . "
By Sharon McLoone | September 17 , 2008 ; 11:47 AM
ET How Do I ...
Previous : Small Firms Express Economic Confidence in McCain | Next : Calendar of Events
Posted by : jwb | September 21 , 2008 8:17 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
Klaus Liebscher
Adolf Wala
As Wala is red he will support the two red banks Unicredit and Bawag .
Former Raiffeisen CEO
Liebscher will most likely have a big ear for the problems of his former employer RZB and Raffeisen International .
The race between Erste Bank and Volksbanken for public funds will probably be decided in favor of Volksbanken who have a smaller exposure in CEE than the other bank .
about a recent Moody 's report that drove the Vienna Stock Exchange to new 5 - year lows at the beginning of the week .
Moody 's had said that bad loans in Central Eastern Europe ( CEE ) are likely to affect the ratings of their foreign parent companies negatively .
According to today 's release from the Austrian central bank Austrian banks hold a total of 20 % of the Eurozone 's whole exposure in CEE .
This is more than 70 % of Austria 's GDP .
The Prudent Investor had first reported about potential problems 14 months ago To understand the Austrian banking sector one has to know about the political influence .
Erste Bank , Raiffeisen International , Raiffeisen Zentralbank and Volksbanken are considered to be strongholds of the conservative Volkspartei , aka the blacks .
Unicredit Austria , Austria 's largest bank , and BAWAG , formerly owned by the Austrian Trade Union Congress , are the leftovers of the Social Democratic Party 's , aka the reds , banking imperium .
The two parties currently form the coalition that rules Austria since 2004 .
Following these lines to the top of Austria 's banking crisis committee one arrives at its 2 chief commanders .
The blacks have nominated former central bank governor .
The reds put former central bank CEOin charge .
As it is clear to all Austrian bank observers that the sheer size of Austria 's exposure in CEE , must lead to the drop out of one of the top 5 contenders in the CEE race that started in the early 1990s , shortly after the fall of the iron curtain that had cordoned off CEE before .
Wala , always considered a good red party soldier , spent most of his career in the Austrian central bank .
Black Liebscher , the former governor , can look back at a long career in the Raiffeisen sector and was considered a hawk on the ECB governing board .
Current central bank governor Ewald Novotny , still holds the official line that Austria 's banking sector will survive as a whole .
But Novotny 's reminder of today that 75 % of the exposure is within the European Union leaves one with the reciprocal conclusion that 25 % of the exposure of probably more than € 230 billion lies with Russian and Romanian counterparties .
Novotny 's predecessors have to come up with a rescue plan that finds the support of the EU as this tiny country in the Alps and its 8 million inhabitants will not be able to shoulder a rescue package potentially worth € 100 billion in freshly created fiat money .
Only problem is that the EU has shown Austria a cold shoulder after a second class delegation ridiculed itself at meetings in Brussels as the country represented itself with a freshly baked finance state secretary who worked the sports agenda before .
Austria 's vice chancellor and finance minister Josef Proell had not been able to travel to Brussels because of a party meeting .
This guy sure knows how to set priorities .
I mean , it was only a meeting about € 100 billion they do n't have .
The self - denial that everything can remain as it was before the credit crunch , will not last much longer .
As this blogger can reveal so far top secret drafts for the restructuring of the banking sector see one bank go under in order to save the others .
As I do n't want to risk any libel suit it is not possible to name the institution .
I therefore invite readers to follow my hypothetical thoughts .
The decision against one bank will also foot on personal sympathies and aversions in the closely knit local banking scene .
Both Wala and Liebscher prefer old - style banking to the flamboyant style of Erste Bank CEO Andreas Treichl who had engineered an expansion at breakneck speed and became best paid CEO in 2006 with a compensation package worth more than € 5 million p.a .
According to his own words he had invested most of this in Erste Bank shares which have lost almost 90 % of their value .
The Austrian banking scene is indeed in for tectonic shifts , it appears .
- video encodings still in process -
IL Rep John Shimkus tells us how climate change is bullshit via the theological argument .
" They 're making us roll out Active Directory , " he whined , looking for sympathy from a fellow UNIXnerd .
But the sad , awful truth is this : Windows infrastructure is actually usable -- and perhaps even securable -- in the enterprise .
Ugh .
It pains me to say it , but really , are you trying to tell me that you 'd prefer NIS , NFS and LPR over AD and SMB ?
Oh come on , even from a usability perspective , let alone security .
To get any sort of kerberized auth for file sharing in UNIX , you 're dispatched into the ebola - grade intestinal sloughing of AFS .
And sure , CUPS kinda works , but when did you ever celebrate because your Windows printer worked ?
To really gouge some salt into the wound , go count the number of security advisories in UNIX kerberos implementations .
Now compare to Microsoft's .
Yeah , exactly .
What 's funny here is that the age - old dichotomy -- Windows for games , UNIX for Serious Intertubes Bizness -- is actually ass - backwards for the enterprise .
Your average home user Windows box is an awful , spyware ridden porn - popup carnival , and your average home UNIX box is a fully patched Ubuntu with a 190 day uptime .
But in the enterprise , people run fully patched Windows Server 2k3 domain controllers , and locked down desktops with nicely packaged software rollouts , reimaging procedures , patch management , endpoint security software and jolly corporate screensavers showing your fellow workmates grinning as they build brand value .
And the UNIX systems ?
Oh , God.
Ancient Solaris boxes filled with awful , awful " Enterprise " UNIX software .
BMC anything , Tivoli anything , anything that does backups or SNMP , or even worse , CA anything .
Awful shellscripts written by well meaning admins , awful outsourced UNIX managment , awful root cronjobs running awful scripts off awful NFS shares .
Never ever patched .
Never up to date .
Let 's face it , while the availability of UNIX systems might be great , for the other two corners of the CISSP triad -- integrity and confidentiality -- they 're fucking awful .
Ask yourself - when was was the last time you saw a corporate UNIX environment that does n't make you rub your temples and sob quietly into your audit worksheet ?
Or a Sol10 box that despite its ZFS and zones and all of Sun 's engineering whizbangerry , was n't adminned like it was 2.5.1 ?
Now , what about when you last saw decent , competently run Windows infrastructure ?
Probably , what , last week ?
This all came to me today as I audited a UNIX box .
( Do n't be shocked .
I do have a beard . )
UNIX host configuration reviews are in our blood in this industry -- many of us grew up playing with , hacking , escalating privilege on UNIX boxen ; our home 386 Slackware Linux , university Solaris machines , random HPUX or AIX or , ha ha ha , A / UX , Apple 's UNIX from way , way before this whole ridiculous Mac OS X lark .
Reviewing a multiuser UNIX for config and local priv escalation , well , it feels like coming home .
Grandma 's warm apple crumble , coffee at dawn looking out your kitchen window , or finding that postcard from a holiday romance 15 years ago .
It 's probably how Rob T Morris Jr. feels every time he sees a sendmail MTA string in his headers .
I heart UNIX .
This particular box is running some Serius Internets Bizness -- important stuff -- and after the UNIX ops team finish their kibitz , sucking their teeth at my request for the mighty root access to a production server , I finally sit down to start .
I do n't really have the heart to tell them that my asking for root is just professional courtesy .
After covering off the basics , I settle in for the enjoyable bit -- going through all the user and network service accounts , then figuring out how to get root from every single one .
It rarely gets as far as rpm - qa to figure out if they 're patched up to date ( they never are ) .
I take perverse satisfaction in auditing UNIX filesystem permissions - there 's something oh so sweet about the simplicity of it all .
Oh , look !
BMC
Patrol runs at boot , gets started by that initscript as root , which sets its path to include / opt / patrol / bin before / bin , and oh dear that directory is owned by uid patrol .
* Sigh *
Oh look , suid root bins which include libraries writable another user .
* Sigh * .
Oh look , root writing files in directories that are world writable and are n't sticky .
* Sigh * .
And ohmigod , did you see that sudoers config ?
I actually laughed out loud at that one , and over the carpet cubicle wall I hear someone saying " uh , its not good when the beardy security consultant is giggling like a schoolgirl in his little blue culottes , is it ? "
Well , yes and no .
I mean , they did try .
It was certainly no worse than any other enterprise UNIX box I 've reviwed , and better than plenty .
Sure , the umasks are crap , sure there 's 87 different versions of the java runtime installed from 2003 to present , sure there 's more suid binaries than the Suharto family has rupiah , sure there 's world readable SSL private keys and cleartext passwords in bash_histories and X11 displays with xauth + and ... oh my , those shellscripts , they make my eyes water with the mirth of it all .
But !
None of this is unusual , or different , or even particularly worse than any other enterprise UNIX box .
That 's when it hit me .
We really do n't think about Windows as a multiuser OS like we do with UNIX .
That gives it the advantage .
Because we can't trust individual Windows systems , we have to build resilient Windows networks with single sign on that 's actually usable plus all the management tools that make it possible to actually run large - scale desktop computing infrastructure .
God help the poor engineers at Novell tasked with doing this all with SuSE .
I hope never to be a corporate Windows admin .
I 'd take the corporate UNIX admin job any day of the week instead -- my pager would go off less often , I 'd meet my KPIs better , and I 'd be much , much happier than the poor Windows sod with his recurring MS Patch Tuesday nightmares .
But would I believe that my shit was more secure than his ?
Well , I present to you the Metlstorm Simple UNIX Examination ( the ' MetlSUX ' if you will ) :
# find / - path */ bin/ java | wc -l
0 - 5 Lucky you , you might make it to 21 mins
5 - 10 Write once , test everywhere
10 - 30 Serious Internet Business Production System
30 + Do you , like , work at Sun ?
Metlstorm is a New Zealand - based freelance security consultant .
He 's created several tools including Hai2IVR , Winlockpwn and SSH Jack .
He 's also an organiser of the annual Kiwicon security conference in Wellington , New Zealand .
Yesterday morning , eight doctors , lawyers and other activists stood up to Senator Max Baucus .
And the private health insurance industry .
And the corporate liberals in Congress .
The eight activists demanded that single payer – everybody in , nobody out , free choice of doctor and hospital – be put on the table .
And as a result they were arrested .
And charged with a so - called “ disruption of Congress . ”
The Associated Press , Wall Street Journal , Politico , Democracy Now and National Public Radio all carried stories about the protest .
C - Span carried it live .
And it was widely disseminated on the Internet .
Baucus crafted a hearing to kick off the health care debate in the Senate yesterday where 15 witnesses would be at the table to discuss health care reform .
The insurance industry was at the table .
The Business Roundtable was at the table .
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce was at the table .
Blue Cross Blue Shield was at the table .
The Heritage Foundation was at the table .
And corporate liberals like Andy Stern , Ron Pollack , and AARP were at the table .
But not one person who stood for what the majority of Americans , doctors , nurses , and health economists want – single payer – was at the table .
Not one .
When I heard about this corporate line - up last week , I called the office of Senator Baucus .
And politely asked that , as a matter of fairness , a single payer doctor be allowed to testify .
I was told – no way , Ralph .
The deal is done .
So , yesterday , at 10 a.m. , the Baucus Eight , led by Single Payer Action and other single payer groups , took to the Senate Finance Committee .
And directly and respectfully confronted a room full of corporate lobbyists .
And corporate controlled Senators .
And again asked that a group of doctors who were in the room to support Medicare for all be allowed to testify .
The answer again – no , no , and no .
Remember what Senator Richard Durbin said last week ?
Durbin said that the banks “ own ” the Congress .
To which we might add – the health insurance industry and the drug industry own the Senate .
Faxing , writing , and e-mailing is not getting it done .
Enough is enough .
Time for action .
This is a winnable issue .
But the American people need to focus on 535 members of Congress .
And get mobilized .
Single Payer Action is at your service to get the job done .
So , donate now — $ 8 , $ 18 , $ 80 , or $ 800 .
To honor the Baucus Eight – who all wore black yesterday in memory of the more than 20,000 Americans who – according to the Institute of Medicine – die every year from lack of health insurance .
And to fuel a citizen action movement that will deliver single payer to the American people – sooner not later .
Together , we can break the corporate stranglehold on Congress .
And deliver health care for all .
Single payer .
More comprehensive .
More efficient .
More humane .
More peace of mind .
Let ’s get it done .
Onward to single payer ,
Ralph Nader
PS : Remember , if you donate $ 100 or more by May 14 , 2009 , we will send you two galvanizing books that concisely detail the case for single payer in America .
* Health Care Meltdown by Robert LeBow , MD , revised and updated by Dr. C. Rocky
White – a Republican doctor so fed up with the needless suffering caused by the insurance industry that he become a leading advocate for single payer .
and
* Ten Excellent Reasons for National Health Care , Edited by Mary O’Brien and Martha Livingston .
This two - book offer ends 11:59 p.m. May 14 , 2009 .
So do n’t miss out .
Donate now .
We ’re building one million Americans strong for single payer .
Please share this e-mail with friends and family .
Urge them to sign up and donate at singlepayeraction.org .
Video : Nancy Hanks Lecture at Kennedy Center
On March 30 , 2009 , Wynton Marsalis dazzled and inspired his audience with a moving lecture mixed with performance titled The Ballad of the American Arts .
The 22nd Annual Nancy Hanks Lecture on Arts & Public Policy was presented to a capacity crowd at the Kennedy Center on the eve of Arts Advocacy Day .
Wynton ’s lecture addressed the essential value of culture in the recalibration of American identity .
After two standing ovations Marsalis wrapped up the evening with a lively performance with members of the Jazz at Lincoln Center Orchestra ( Chris Crenshaw , trombone ; Victor Goines , saxophone ; Carlos Henriquez , bass ; Ali Jackson , drums ; and Dan Nimmer , piano ) .
As Brian Beutler has reported , the right - wing group FreedomWorks has been heavily involved in orchestrating the astroturfy ‘ tea party ’ events around the country .
And now the front page of the FW site has a post by FW blogger Ross Kaminsky providing a special geek cheat sheet enabling tea bag rebels to ward off left wing agents provocateurs at their rallies .
One of the most entertaining warnings is to protestors weary of getting dinged by junior high - type locker room gags …
DON ’T BE DUPED !
The term “ teabagging ” has strong sexual connotations .
Be wary of anyone with a camera asking you if you are a “ teabagger ” or if you enjoy “ teabagging ” or similar leading questions – they are trying to make a fool of you .
There ’s also a pointer on preparing special youtube admonishment videos …
Ben B. Fischer
History Staff Center for the Study
of Intelligence
Central Intelligence Agency
1997
This publication is prepared for the use of US Government officals , and the format , coverage , and content are designed to meet their specific requirements .
Requesters outside the US Government may obtain subscriptions to publications similar to this one by addressing inquires to :
Document Expediting ( DOCEX ) Project
Exchange and Gift Divison
Libary of Congress
Washington , DC 20540
or
National Technical Information Service
5285 Port Royal Road
Springfield , VA 22161
Requesters outside the US Government not interested in subscription service may purchase specific publications either in paper copy or microform from :
Photoduplication Servicd
Library of Congress
Washington , DC 20540
or
National Technical Information Service
5285 Port Royal Road
Springfield , VA 22161
( To expedite service , call the
NTIS Order Desk 703-605-6000 )
Comments and queries on this publication may be directed to the DOCEX Project at the above address or by phone ( 202-707-9527 ) , or fax ( 202-707-0380 ) , or to the NTIS Office of Customer Services at the above address or by phone ( 703-487-4660 ) .
Table of Contents
Foreword
Preface
Articles by " Rita T. Kronenbitter "
Author / Compiler 's Note :
This is a first in a planned series of thematic collections of articles that appeared previously in classified editions of the Intelligence Community journal Studies in Intelligence , which is published at CIA .
As part of its " openness " policy , CIA has declassified more than 1,200 articles from the first 40 years of Studies .
We expect to compile and publish more collections of this type that address single intelligence - related themes or topics .
We believe readers will find these articles interesting , informative , and colorful .
The author / compiler , Ben B. Fischer , would like to thank the following people for reading an earlier draft to the Preface , offering comments and criticisms , and identifying additional sources : Kay Oliver , Robert Pringle , James Bruce , David Thomas , and John Dziak .
Thanks are also due to Elena Danielson and Carole Leadenham of the Hoover Institution at Stanford University for taking an interest in this project and supporting it .
Rick Hernandez of Stanford University did a fine job with research assistance .
[ Top of page ]
Preface
The first six articles reprinted below were published in Studies in Intelligence between 1965 and 1967 .
They describe foreign operations of the Russian Imperial Police , commonly referred to as the Okhrana , in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
( 1 ) Also included are a letter from the author of these articles to Studies in Intelligence and the book review that prompted the letter , both of which discuss the still - debated issue of whether Josef Stalin was an Okhrana agent .
The 1883 opening of a Paris office known as the Zagranichnaia okhranka or agentura ( 2 ) was a sign of both success and failure on the part of the tsarist authorities .
It reflected their success in having driven many revolutionaries , terrorists , and nationalists out of Russia ; it also underscored their failure to stem an upsurge in Russian subversive activity based abroad .
By the 1880s , the Russian emigre community in France had grown to some 5,000 people , most of them in the Paris area .
( 3 ) The City of Light had become the hub for Russian revolutionary groups operating in much of Europe .
The Okhrana 's initial assumption -- that exile in Europe rather than Siberia or some other remote place would act as a safety valve for such groups -- proved erroneous .
Russian emigrants did not assimilate quickly or easily , and some discovered that relatively greater freedom in the West gave them broad opportunities to engage in antiregime activities .
These essays portray not only the officials who ran the Okhrana 's foreign bureau , but also the colorful agents , double agents , and agents provocateurs who worked for and against it -- sometimes simultaneously .
Many of these characters could have stepped out of the pages of a Conrad story or a le Carré novel , but their deeds were real and were recorded in the Paris office 's files , which were hidden away for almost 30 years at the Hoover Institution on the campus of Stanford University .
The story of how these files made their way from Paris to Palo Alto is an intriguing tale .
When Russian revolutionaries overthrew the 300 - year - old Romanov dynasty in March 1917 , they quickly turned their attention to their foes in the Okhrana .
A multiparty committee was formed to investigate tsarist secret police offices and practices inside the Empire in St. Petersburg , Moscow , and Warsaw -- as well as in Paris - - with a view to prosecuting police officials of the ousted regime .
The last imperial ambassador to France , Basil Maklakov , closed his mission in Paris and sealed its secret files , but he reopened them when the official inquiry began .
After the short - lived Provisional Government fell to Lenin and the Bolsheviks in November 1917 , Maklakov resealed the files and waited for further instructions .
France refused to resume relations with the radical new government in Moscow .
It withheld recognition until 1924 , when the USSR was formed .
Maklakov , meanwhile , was not idle .
Taking advantage of the confusion in Moscow , he placed the Okhrana files in sixteen 500 - pound packing crates , which were then bound with wire and sealed .
When the Bolsheviks finally got around to asking for " their " files in 1925 , Maklakov -- who had codenamed his concealment and removal operation " Tagil " after a Siberian village -- swore he had burned them .
The files , however , remained intact and were awaiting shipment to the Unites States .
The ambassador convinced Christian Herter , then associated with Herbert Hoover 's American Relief Administration and later Secretary of State under President Eisenhower , to help .
Herter had a house in Paris , where the crates were stashed , and he later helped get them through French and US customs -- with seals intact . ( 4 )
It took two more years to arrange for the files to be moved from the eastern United States to California .
Maklakov signed an agreement with the Hoover Institution stipulating that the crates would remain sealed until his death and would not be made public for another three months thereafter .
The ex-ambassador no doubt feared retaliation from the Bolsheviks ' dreaded intelligence service , the Cheka , which presumably would have sought to kill him if it had discovered what he had done with the Paris files .
Maklakov 's contract with the Hoover Institution and his longevity -- he died in Switzerland in 1957 at age 86 -- kept the archive under wraps for more than three decades .
The Institution opened the packing crates at a gathering of reporters and photographers on 28 October 1957 .
( 5 ) It took the privately supported Institution five more years to find funds and assemble a staff to organize and catalogue the files .
A team headed by Dr. Andrew Kobal and under the supervision of Hoover assistant director Professor W.S. Sworakowski began working in June 1962 and finished in early 1964 .
( 6 ) The archive attracted international scholarly interest , and Life magazine ran a feature story about it .
Professor W.S. Sworakowski and an unidentified assistant at the Hoover Institution check unopened crates containing the Okhrana files in 1957 .
The shipping tag indicates that the crates were stored in Washington , DC , before being shipped to California .
Courtesy of the Hoover Institution .
According to Hoover records , the archive contains 206 boxes , 26 scrapbooks , 164,000 cards , and eight linear feet of photographs .
The complete archive is available on 509 reels of microfilm .
It is a veritable who's who of the Russian revolution and includes files on and photographs of Stalin , Molotov , and Trotsky .
[ Top of page ]
The author of the six articles , who used the pseudonym " Rita T. Kronenbitter , " wrote them at the request of the CIA 's Counterintelligence Staff .
" Kronenbitter " was among the first researchers to display an interest in the Okhrana files .
The articles originally were classified " confidential , " presumably to avoid revelation of the CIA 's interest in the Okhrana records .
Why was CIA counterintelligence interested in what the Hoover Institution 's press release hailed as a " mother lode of knowledge on crucial years leading to the overthrow of the Romanovs in March 1917 " ?
The Hoover archive was the only comprehensive collection of pre-1917 Russian police and intelligence files in the West .
During the Soviet era , some specialists viewed these unique files as being of more than historical interest .
British espionage historian Richard Deacon suggested why the Okhrana was of interest long after its demise when he wrote that the Russian police agency " was , in fact , a comprehensive , coordinated espionage and counterespionage organization , the most total form of espionage devised in the latter part of the 19th century and still forming the basis of Soviet espionage and counterespionage today . "
( 7 ) [ emphasis added ]
CIA 's Counterintelligence
Staff apparently believed these files would yield data on Russia 's intelligence " culture " and methods that could provide new insights into Moscow 's Soviet - era operations .
Some at CIA challenged this notion , claiming that the KGB was a qualitatively new organization employing a different tradecraft .
( 8 ) Years later , former KGB officers Oleg Gordievsky and Oleg Kalugin asserted that the KGB had used Okhrana manuals in training and lecture courses when they were KGB trainees in the late 1950s and early 1960s .
Kalugin claims that use of Okhrana materials continued into the 1980s . ( 9 )
[ Top of page ]
The Okhrana was created in 1881 in response to the assassination of Alexander II .
Its primary mission was to protect the tsar , the royal family , and the Russian autocracy itself .
( 10 ) Over time this evolved into an Empire - wide campaign against revolutionaries , terrorists , and assorted national minority groups seeking independence .
Some revolutionaries wanted the tsar 's head ; others simply wanted to be free of his iron hand .
The opening in 1883 of the Okhrana 's Foreign Bureau , centered in Paris , was prompted by the shift of Russian revolutionary activity from the Russian Empire to Western and Central Europe .
The new Bureau occupied two modest offices in the Russian Imperial Consulate at 97 Rue de Grenelle .
Never very large ( see the first reprinted article below , entitled , " Paris Okhrana 1885 - 1905 " ) , the Paris bureau nonetheless proved effective .
It adopted and refined modern police and detective methods - as well as human intelligence agent operations - to achieve its objectives . ( 11 )
The Okhrana saw Paris as the most advantageous place to base its foreign operations .
Russian police officials admired the French internal security service , the Sûreté Generale -- generally regarded as among the best in the world -- and sought access to its files through both official liaison and unofficial channels .
The Okhrana even hired French , British , and other detectives to help run its operations .
From Paris , moreover , the Okhrana could monitor its agenturas in Berlin and other European cities .
Most of the key Russian revolutionaries in the French capital had contacts in other countries and cities .
Consequently , penetrations of revolutionary groups in Paris often yielded leads to Russian dissident organizations and individuals outside France .
The Okhrana 's relations with the Sûreté were symbiotic .
The Okhrana reduced the Sûreté 's workload and provided employment for retired French detectives .
The French police did not see the Paris bureau as a threat to French national interests or to the Sûreté 's organizational equities .
On the eve of World War I the French security service declared : " It is impossible , on any objective assessment , to deny the usefulness of having a Russian police [ force ] operating in Paris , whether officially or not , whose presence is to keep under surveillance the activities of Russian revolutionaries . "
( 12 )
At the same time , socialist and radical deputies in the French Assembly , who were more sympathetic to the Russian revolutionaries than to the police , pressed the French and Russian Governments to shut down the Okhrana office .
In 1913 the Russian regime formally complied by announcing the office 's closure .
But this was a subterfuge ; the Russian police continued operating under the cover of the Agence Bint et Sambain , a private detective agency .
One of the two proprietors , Henri Bint , was a former employee of both the Sûreté and the Okhrana . ( 13 )
[ Top of page ]
The Foreign Bureau 's operational methods evolved through three distinct phases .
Initially , the Okhrana men believed they could keep tabs on Russian revolutionaries by hiring local surveillance teams and examining Sûreté files .
This " external " surveillance ( in Russian : naruzhnoe nabludenie ) proved inadequate .
French officials were reluctant to share their files , and French detectives hired by the Russians sometimes proved to be more loyal to their former employer ( the Sûreté ) than to their new paymaster .
Even more important , French operatives could not penetrate the inner cores of Russian revolutionary and terrorist groups .
Only Russian revolutionaries could .
In the second phase , the use of " internal " surveillance -- penetration of subversive groups by recruiting agents from among their ranks or by sending in double agents -- marked the Okhrana 's transition from police methods to classic intelligence operations .
( The Russians used the term vnutrenniaia agentura , or " internal agency , " to refer collectively to the agents and double agents controlled by Okhrana units . )
The Okhrana succeeded in penetrating many anti-tsarist organizations .
It acquired agents throughout Russia and Europe .
Some of these people spied because they were monarchists ; others did so because they were romantic adventurers or simply mercenaries .
The most interesting were the agents who began as real revolutionaries , were arrested , and then were " doubled " or " turned " by the Okhrana .
Some responded to Okhrana blandishments because they feared jail or exile in Siberia - - or worse -- but for others it was simply a new career opportunity .
Many who completed their undercover assignments " retired " and then were given good civilian jobs .
The third method of operation -- the use of agents provocateurs -- was the most controversial .
The subject was so sensitive that the Okhrana officially denied it had run agents who organized and participated in sanctioned revolutionary acts .
( This type of activity was the focus of the Provisional Government 's 1917 inquiry into the Okhrana . )
In its 34 - year existence , the Okhrana 's Paris office had only four chiefs , giving it greater stability and continuity than its headquarters organization in St. Petersburg .
As a result , the Paris bureau also enjoyed considerable autonomy in running its affairs , which included planning and executing operations , liaison with local and foreign police departments , agent recruitment and handling , and evaluation and reporting of information to the Okhrana 's elite Special Section ( see below ) . ( 14 )
The Paris operatives developed rudimentary tradecraft for meeting and debriefing their agents -- called sekretnye sotrudniki ( secret collaborators ) or seksoti for short -- in safehouses .
At its peak the Paris bureau had about 40 detectives on its payroll and some 30 agents in Paris and elsewhere in Europe .
The Okhrana ran a major mail intercept program at home and abroad that yielded substantial information .
Not for nothing was Russia known as the " gendarme of Europe . "
Between 1906 and 1914 the police succeeded in crushing popular opposition and penetrating -- and in some cases even controlling -- opposition political parties at home and abroad .
( 15 ) According to one historian , " virtually nothing that related to these parties remained a secret from the government . "
( 16 ) Key targets of surveillance and agent operations included :
Émigré and revolutionary groups abroad .
Revolutionaries arriving from Russia .
Known centers of conspiratorial activity .
Underground publishers and forgers ( of passports , false identities , and so forth ) .
Bomb - manufacturing " factories . "
Weapons and explosives smugglers .
Russians with ties to European socialists and socialist organizations .
The Okhrana also provided VIP security for the royal family , other influential persons , and senior officials traveling abroad . ( 17 )
The Okhrana 's Special Section was an elite unit .
It recruited exclusively from the Russian army .
Successful candidates were assigned to the army 's " Separate Corps of Gendarmes . "
( 18 ) Prospective candidates were carefully screened and well trained .
Tradecraft instruction included agent recruitment and agent handling ; secret writing ; " flaps and seals " ( surreptitious reading of correspondence ) ; reports writing ; civil and criminal law ; surveillance and investigative techniques ; and the history of the Russian revolutionary movement .
Assisting the officers were the filiery -- detectives or surveillance men , most of whom were former army NCOs . ( 19 )
The Okhrana also was capable of devastating blunders .
The most notorious example was " Bloody Sunday " of 22 January 1905 .
When Father George Gapon , an Okhrana agent who had organized a police - sponsored workers ' group , led a demonstration of peasants and workers to the Winter Palace in St. Petersburg , the Gendarmerie , without the tsar 's authorization or advance knowledge , charged the crowd , killing or wounding at least 100 persons .
This was a seminal event in the eventual demise of the Romanov dynasty and Russian autocracy ; it set in motion the first revolution of 1905 and ultimately led to the events of 1917 . ( 20 )
[ Top of page ]
Examination of the Okhrana invites comparison with its Soviet successors from Lenin 's Cheka to Stalin's NKVD to the KGB .
There are common threads as well as important differences .
The Okhrana , like the Cheka , was an internal security and counterintelligence agency par excellence .
Its foreign operations were essentially an extension of its domestic security mission .
The Soviet services before World War II focused heavily on actual and putative threats emanating from émigré groups , and well into the Cold War the KGB and its East European satellite services continued devoting considerable resources to the same target , even though they had other priorities .
The Okhrana pioneered many methods that the Soviet successor organs adapted and perfected .
Systematic registration of politically suspect persons was accomplished in Moscow by the turn of the century and in St. Petersburg between 1906 and 1908 .
( 21 ) Use of internal passports and mandatory registration of residences started with the Okhrana , not the Soviet intelligence and security agencies .
The Okhrana -- like its Soviet and Nazi counterparts -- relied heavily on agents , co-optees , and busybodies in the general population to keep an eye on things .
The organization of rural communities and urban apartment dwellers by city blocks was the same in Russia as in the Soviet Union - - just more efficient in the latter .
In addition , the Okhrana - - like the KGB , the Gestapo , and the East German Stasi - - used its sources to monitor privately expressed views and popular moods and to prepare classified studies of latent popular attitudes that could not be freely voiced .
The utilization of " black chambers " ( an internationally used term that refers to facilities , often located in post offices , for mail and message interception , decoding , and decryption ) began in Russia and reached its apogee in East Germany , where the Stasi read virtually all international correspondence and much of the domestic variety .
But the differences between the Okhrana and the later organizations are striking .
As one authority notes , " what seems clear it that an unbroken patrimony between tsarist repression and Soviet terror cannot be claimed . "
( 22 ) While secret police organizations served under tsars and commissars alike as the state security apparatus of the executive branch -- and of the personal will of the Russian leader of the time -- in the tsarist era there were substantial legal , political , and even ethical constraints .
The Okhrana could order summary executions by hanging or firing squad , but only in extraordinary situations such as peasant uprisings and then only after Moscow had declared martial law .
Although the Okhrana could deport political prisoners to Siberia , these and other administrative decisions were subject to judicial review .
During the reign of Aleksandr II ( 1855 - 81 ) some 4,000 people were detained and interrogated in connection with political crimes , but few were executed .
( 23 ) From the mid-1860s to the mid-1890s , in fact , only 44 executions took place in Russia , and all were prompted by assassinations or assassination attempts against members of the royal family or government officials .
By contrast , on the day after Lenin launched the Red Terror in September 1918 , the Cheka executed 500 people .
( 24 ) During Stalin 's rule , the murderous NKVD acted as judge , jury , and executioner .
The Red Terror under Stalin became the Great Terror ; between 1935 and 1941 some 10 million people disappeared into the Gulag and three million were executed . ( 25 )
Richard Pipes noted three restraints on the Okhrana : private property , inefficiency , and the imperial political elite 's desire to be seen as culturally " Western . " ( 26 ) Under the Bolsheviks these restraints vanished .
The Okhrana never aspired to the territorial and economic empire and extensive military and paramilitary forces commanded by the NKVD .
Even the KGB - - supposedly a kinder , gentler version of the NKVD operating under " socialist legality " - - was more ruthless than its Russian antecedent .
A comparison of Aleksandr III 's treatment of Leo Tolstoy and Brezhnev 's handling of dissidents such as Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn illustrates the point .
Novelist Tolstoy was the best - known dissident of his day , and the police kept him under surveillance and censored his work .
But they did not imprison him or prevent him from traveling and publishing abroad .
During Stalin 's reign , by contrast , Solzhenitsyn , like other dissidents , simply disappeared into the harsh internal exile system that he later dubbed the Gulag Archipelago .
Even under Stalin 's successors , intellectuals and political activists who dissented -- including Solzhenitsyn and Andrei Sakharov -- were subjected to inhumane treatment considered unacceptable by Western standards . ( 27 )
Although the Okhrana was not as ruthless as the Cheka or the NKVD , in an ironic way it inspired them .
Lenin and Stalin seemed to have concluded from their underground years that the tsarist police were too lenient .
( 28 ) After all , for all its success until 1914 , the Okhrana had not been able to prevent a small group of radicals from seizing power three years later .
The Bolsheviks also learned how easy it had been for the Okhrana to plant agents within their inner circle .
Dr. Jacob Zhitomirsky was a leading Bolshevik and Lenin confidant before he was discovered .
( 29 )
An even more dramatic example was the tsarist agent Roman Malinovsky -- leader of the Bolshevik deputies in the fourth state Duma , a central committee member , and Lenin 's chief lieutenant while the latter was still in exile .
( 30 ) When Vladimir Burtsev finally convinced Lenin that Zhitomirsky might be a double agent , the Bolshevik leader ordered Malinovsky to conduct an investigation .
( 31 ) Such experiences were , perhaps , at the root of Bolshevik paranoia -- the urge to see enemies everywhere and eliminate them -- that reached its bloody apogee under Stalin .
The Okhrana 's penetration of the Bolshevik party was so extensive and so thorough that the police files constitute the most complete ( and only reliable ) record of the conspiratorial party 's early history , internal organization , membership , and deliberations -- an unintentional contribution to future historians .
( 32 ) This was not the only unintended consequence .
By penetrating the radical groups , the tsarist police were using a classic divide - and - conquer tactic to prevent formation of a unified opposition .
Ironically , this tactic was most successful in preventing the emergence of an open opposition party with a mass base , and thus it helped to create an environment in which Lenin 's small monolithic party of professional revolutionaries could flourish .
The Okhrana targeted liberals and revolutionaries alike , seeing both groups as threats to the Russian autocracy .
But the two groups drew different lessons from their persecution at the hands of the tsarist police .
When the Provisional Government came to power , it convened a special commission to investigate the organization , operations , and methods of the tsarist police - - not to emulate them , but to correct past abuses and prevent their repetition .
( 33 ) Lenin and the Bolsheviks also studied the Okhrana , and so did KGB recruits decades later , to learn from and improve on the tsarist police 's repressive methods .
[ Top of page ]
Agent provocateur is a French term , but the Russians perfected the art .
In fact , the primary purpose of the Foreign Bureau 's provocations was to scare the French into taking action against Russian radicals and cooperating with the Okhrana .
The most notorious provocation occurred in Paris in 1890 , when Arkadiy Harting ( a.k.a. Abraham Gekel'man or Landezen ) organized a well - armed team of bombthrowers and then betrayed them to the Paris police .
These heavily publicized arrests helped persuade the French public of the dangers posed by Russian revolutionaries in France .
The episode also convinced officials in St. Petersburg that republican France could get tough on Russian radicals and make a good ally .
To some extent , at least , this helped diminish mutual suspicions and created an atmosphere on both sides conducive to negotiation of the Franco - Russian alliance of 1891 .
Vladimir Burtsev , leading counterespionage specialist in the Russian revolutionary opposition to the tsarist government .
Courtesy of the Hoover Institution .
Harting may be the most interesting character in the essays ( see the second reprinted article below , entitled " The Illustrious Career of Arkadiy Harting " ) .
He rose from informer to master spy to spymaster , eventually becoming chief of the Paris office .
As noted above , his top agent , Zhitomirsky , penetrated Lenin 's inner circle during the Bolshevik party 's underground days .
Before he quit the espionage business in 1909 following his exposure by the French press as a Russian spy , Harting had served tsarist Russia , imperial Germany , and republican France , receiving decorations from all three .
Harting met his match in Vladimir Burtsev ( see the third reprinted article , entitled " The Sherlock Holmes of the Revolution " ) .
Burtsev was a revolutionary by profession but a counterespionage expert by talent .
He organized what in effect was a highly professional counterespionage bureau for Russian radicals .
In 1909 Burtsev personally unmasked a major Okhrana agent , Evno Azef .
Also in 1909 , after years of relentless effort , Burtsev succeeded in proving that a terrorist known as " Landesen " , who had escaped from the French police in 1890 , actually was Harting .
This was leaked to the press , prompting Harting to flee to Brussels , where he went into hiding and was never heard from again . ( 34 )
Harting 's case officer was Pyotr Rachkovsky , probably the ablest head of the Okhrana 's Foreign Bureau .
Rachkovsky was a pioneer .
He refined the art of what we today call active measures or perceptions management techniques .
He paid subsidies to journalists willing to write articles favorable to Russian interests , and he purchased or subsidized such periodicals as Revue Russe and Le Courier Franco - Russe .
During his tenure ( 1884 -1902 ) , journalists on the Okhrana payroll began planting articles in the French press that were favorable to Russian interests .
Rachkovsky also created the Ligue pour le Salut de la Patrie Russe , which promoted positive views toward Russia among French citizens ; this group was a forerunner of Soviet front organizations and " friendship societies . "
According to one authority , Rachkovsky was a " born intriguer " who " delighted " in forging documents .
He allegedly was among those responsible for the anti-Semitic Protocols of the Elders of Zion , perhaps the most infamous political forgery of the 20th century .
( 35 ) Rachkovsky 's tactic of exploiting anti-Semitism for political purposes was used repeatedly during the Soviet era-- for example , in Hungary in 1956 , in Czechoslovakia in 1968 , and in Poland in the 1980s .
Such scapegoating also was evident in the so - called " Doctors Plot " in the early 1950s , when a group of Jewish doctors was accused of plotting to kill Stalin and other Soviet leaders .
Rachkovsky was a model for subsequent Soviet practice in another regard .
He was an advocate of Franco - Russian rapprochement and served as the tsar 's personal emissary in secret negotiations leading to the Dual Alliance of 1891 - 94 and its modification in 1899 .
The practice of using foreign intelligence officers on sensitive international assignments , bypassing the foreign ministry and regular diplomatic channels , was a standard Soviet modus operandi .
Stalin used his head of foreign intelligence , Vladimir Dekanozov , to set the stage for his pre-World War II alliance with Hitler .
Later , Khrushchev relied on a KGB officer under journalistic cover to establish a direct link to the Kennedy White House .
After this emissary discredited himself by lying to the Kennedy brothers about the presence of Soviet missiles in Cuba , Khrushchev turned to the KGB resident to open another channel to the White House through ABC newsman John Scali ; proposals that were floated through this channel eventually resolved the October 1962 missile crisis .
In 1969 Brezhnev and Andropov assigned two senior KGB German experts to open a back channel to the new Social Democratic - led coalition government in Bonn . ( 36 )
The result was secret negotiation of a series of bilateral and multilateral agreements that transformed Soviet relations with West Germany and the rest of Europe .
Ventsion Moiseev -Moshkov
Dolin was a classic double agent .
( Running double agents has long been a quintessentially Russian skill , practiced before , during , and after the Soviet period . )
Dolin began his career as an Okhrana penetration of anarcho - communist groups ( see the fourth reprinted article , " Okhrana Agent Dolin " ) .
On the eve of World War I he began working for German military intelligence -- or so the Germans thought .
He was in fact a double agent who had remained loyal to Russia .
With help from the Okhrana , Dolin organized " successful " sabotage operations inside Russian weapons and munitions factories -- operations that were " documented " in press articles .
The Germans were so pleased with Dolin that they asked him to conduct psychological warfare operations aimed at stirring up Russian workers to overthrow the monarchy and take Russia out of the war .
" Kronenbitter " neglects to mention that when Dolin 's efforts fell short of expectations , the Germans turned to another Russian agent on their payroll by the name of Vladimir Lenin .
He was more successful , and the rest , as they say , is history .
The Okhrana was , in a limited sense , ahead of its time as an equal opportunity employer .
It recruited people of all nationalities - and especially women - as agents .
( 37 ) Women , in fact , were crucial to its operations and were paid as well or better than their male counterparts ( see the fifth and sixth reprinted articles - -" The Okhrana 's Female Agents , " Parts I and II ) .
Women , however , were not permitted to become staff officers or managers - only agents .
The women were at least as colorful as the men -- maybe more so .
One example was " Francesco , " the wife of a respected Moscow physician .
While a student at Moscow University , she made three vows : to love her husband , to help kill the tsar , and to work for the Okhrana .
Only the last promise was kept .
Another interesting female operative was known only as La Petite .
As a 13 - year - old milkmaid , she spied for Polish nationalists while delivering milk to the Okhrana office in Warsaw .
Her target : office trash cans that sometimes contained copies of secret messages and names of informants in Poland .
During World War I she worked for the Russians against the Austro - Hungarian Empire , posing as an Austrian citizen .
After the war she retired to Monte Carlo , where she was known as L'Autrichienne .
[ Top of page ]
The Kronenbitter collection reveals the Okhrana 's foreign operations through anecdote , not analysis .
The articles are entertaining and yet still inform in a loosely structured way .
For historians they suggest possibilities for more in - depth studies of Russian intelligence and counterintelligence operations in their formative period .
( 38 ) For observers of the contemporary scene they give insight into the apparent paradox of the " new " Russia , which , recent events have demonstrated , still gives high priority to foreign intelligence and counterintelligence operations .
The Soviet Union and the Communist Party and even the KGB are gone , but Russia " retains a strong intelligence profile and a traditional intelligence culture that are distinct from and even alien to our own . "
( 39 ) Major - power espionage and counterespionage today have a less ideological rationale than during the Cold War , but the Russians do set forth a justification , couched in terms of vital national interests and security .
The Okhrana story illustrates what history , even narrative history that is not primarily analytical , can offer - - namely , events and insights from the past that have implications for the present and the future .
The views expressed in this Preface are those of the author .
They do not necessarily reflect the views of the Central Intelligence Agency or any other US Government entity .
[ Top of page ]
(1) Russian contemporaries as well as present - day historians have used the term Okhranato refer generically to the Ministry of Interior 's Department of State Police , which was created in 1880 and renamed Department of Police in 1883 .
Strictly speaking , however , the term referred specifically to the security detail assigned to the tsar and the royal family .
The Department of Police included a unit known as the Special Section ( Osoby Otdel or OO ) , which dealt with political crimes and sensitive investigations .
The OO was a clandestine service , organizationally and physically separate from the regular police apparatus , but located on the fifth floor of the police headquarters at 16 Fontanka Quai , St. Petersburg .
The OO formally commanded so - called okhranoe otdelenie or security sections from which the colloquial term Okhranawas derived , although in practice the subordinate units were more or less independent .
( Full title : otdelenie po okhraneniiu obshchestvennoi bezopastnosti i poriadka , or section for maintaining public security and order . )
The first three security sections were created in St. Petersburg , Moscow , and Warsaw .
By 1911 there were 75 sections at the provincial , city , and oblast levels .
See Ellis Tennant [ pseudonym of Edward Ellis Smith ] , comp . and ed. , " The Department of Police 1911 - 1913 from the Recollections of Nikolai Vladimirovich Veselago , " in Edward Ellis Smith Collection , box 1 , Hoover Institution Archives passim ; Frederic S. Zuckerman , " Vladimir Burtsev and the Tsarist Political Police , " Journal of Contemporary History , Vol. 12 ( January 1977 ) , p. 215n11 and The Tsarist Secret Police in Russian Society , 1880 - 1917 ( New York University Press , New York , 1996 ) , p. xiv ; George Leggett , The Cheka : Lenin's Political Police ( New York : Oxford University Press , 1981 ) , p. xxiii ; Christopher Andrew and Oleg Gordievsky , KGB : The Inside Story of Its Foreign Operations from Lenin to Gorbachev ( New York : Harper - CollinsPublishers , 1990 ) , pp. 20 ff ; and Richard Pipes , Russia Under the Old Regime ( New York : Collier Books / Macmillan Publishing Company , 1994 ) , p. 301 .
(2) The term Okhranka , which was sometimes used interchangeably with Okhrana , was frequently used to refer to the Paris office .
The term agentura means agency or bureau , but it also referred to an agent network .
Zagranichnaia means " foreign . "
See Edward Ellis Smith with Rudolf Lednicky , " The Okhrana " : The Russian Department of Police : A Bibliography ( Stanford , CA : The Hoover Institution on War , Revolution and Peace , 1967 ) , p. 261 .
There were two foreign bureaus -- the other one was in Bucharest -- and both had satellite offices .
The Paris office , for example , oversaw a subordinate unit in Berlin .
Together the Paris and Bucharest offices ran all tsarist police and intelligence operations worldwide .
(3) Ronald Hingley , The Russian Secret Police : Muscovite , Imperial , and Soviet Political Security Operations ( New York : Simon & Schuster , 1970 ) , p. 72 .
(4) Herter 's role is being divulged here for the first time .
In 1957 Herter was Acting Secretary of State , and the Hoover Institution thought it best not to reveal his role .
(5) Stanford University News Service , October 30 , 1957 in Hoover Institution Records , box 179A ; Archives Subject File A01 , folder : Okhrana Project 1962 .
See also " Czarist Dossiers on Reds Opened , " New York Times , October 30 , 1957 , p. 10 .
(6) Draft press release in Hoover Institution Records , box 179A , Archives Subject File A01 , folder : Okhrana Project 1962 .
(7) Richard Deacon , A History of the Russian Secret Service ( London : Frederick Muller Ltd. , 1972 ) , p. 86 .
(8) During James Jesus Angleton 's tenure from 1954 to 1975 , the CIA 's Counterintelligence Staff regularly studied historical cases of Soviet intelligence operations , looking for insights into contemporary operations and methods .
Critics complained that Angleton 's staff wasted time and resources reexamining cases such as the Trest ( Trust ) deception operation of the 1920s and the Rote Kapelle ( Red Orchestra ) espionage network of the World War II era .
They argued that the KGB - - created in 1954 - - was an entirely new organization with new missions and tradecraft .
See Tom Mangold , Cold Warrior : James Jesus Angleton : The CIA 's Master Spy Hunter ( New York : Simon & Schuster , 1991 ) , pp. 60-61 , 324-325 , 330 passim .
The same critics presumably would have been even more critical of studies of the pre-Soviet Okhrana .
In fact , however , the historical literature on Russian and Soviet intelligence and counterintelligence is not particularly rich and in some cases is not reliable , so even " historical " studies were welcome to the counterintelligence specialists .
(9) See Andrew and Gordievsky , KGB , p. 22 and Oleg Kalugin , Vid s Lubianki : " Delo " Byvshego Generala KGB ( Moscow : Nezavisimoe Izdatel 'stvo , 1990 ) , p. 35 , as cited in Orlando Figes , A People 's Tragedy : A History of the Russian Revolution ( New York : Viking , 1996 ) , p. 645n .
In an English - language memoir , Oleg Kalugin notes that his training class read a detailed account of agent recruitment methods prepared by Nicholas II 's chief of counterintelligence .
See Oleg Kalugin with Fen Montaigne , The First Directorate : My 32 Years in Intelligence and Counterintelligence Against the West ( New York : St. Martin's Press , 1994 ) , p. 17 .
( 10 ) Creation of the Okhrana marked the emergence of the modern secret or political police apparatus .
Its predecessor , the Third Section , was more in the tradition of a praetorian or palace guard aimed at thwarting plots and intrigues against the tsars by Russian aristocrats and nobles , especially at court and in the military .
The Okhrana 's main mission was dealing with the rise of the revolutionary intelligentsia in the latter part of the 19th century .
See Richard J. Johnson , " Zagranichnaia Agentura : The Tsarist Political Police in Europe , " in Contemporary History , Vol. 7 ( January - April 1972 ) , p. 222 .
( 11 ) There is no comprehensive history of the Okhrana 's foreign operations .
For a list of books and articles that describe its organization and methods , see Smith , " The Okhrana " , pp. 65 - 67 and 230-242 .
( 12 ) Cited in Andrew and Gordievsky , KGB , pp. 23 -24 .
( 13 ) Ibid. , p. 24 .
( 14 ) Johnson , " Zagranichaia Agentura , " p. 226 .
( 15 ) D.C. B. Lieven , " The Security Police , Civil Rights , and the Fate of the Russian Empire , 1855 - 1917 , " in Olga Crisp and Linda Edmondson , eds. , Civil Rights in Imperial Russia ( Clarendon Press : Oxford , 1989 ) , p. 246 .
Hingley claims that by 1909 the Okhranahad 150 agents inside the Socialist Revolutionary , Bolshevik , and Menshevik socialist parties and even in the less - threatening liberal Kadet party .
Hingley , The Russian Secret Police , p. 100 .
( 16 ) Lieven , " The Security Police , Civil Rights , and the Fate of the Russian Empire , 1855 - 1917 , " p. 247 .
( 17 ) Johnson , " Zagranichaia Agentura , " p. 232 .
( 18 ) Soldiers were considered reliable because they had sworn allegiance to the tsar .
( 19 ) Tennant , " The Department of Police 1911 - 1913 from the Recollections of Nikolai Validimirovich Veselago , " p. 18 .
( 20 ) As a result of Bloody Sunday , the tsar did not appear in public again until 1913 , the tercentenary of the Romanov dynasty .
In the months following the incident in St. Petersburg , the entire country , already suffering the strains of a losing war with Japan , experienced uprisings and revolts by workers , peasants , soldiers , and sailors .
One result was the creation of the State Duma , which convened in 1906 , but by and large political and social reforms were too little and too late .
Even though Nicholas II did not authorize the police crackdown , Bloody Sunday helped destroy the centuries - old peasant image of the tsar as the godfather and savior of Russia .
Gapon 's demonstrators had gathered for the time - honored tradition of petitioning the tsar for relief from their manifold problems .
See Figes , A People 's Tragedy , pp. 3 -15 .
( 21 ) Lieven , " The Security Police , Civil Rights , and the Fate of the Russian Empire , 1855 - 1917 , " p. 247 .
( 22 ) John J. Dziak , Chekisty : A History of the KGB ( Lexington , MA : Lexington Books / D.C. Heath and Company , 1988 ) , p. 31 .
( 23 ) Pipes , Russia under the Old Regime , p. 315 .
( 24 ) Ibid. , p. 317 .
( 25 ) John Channon with Rob Hudson , The Penguin Atlas of Russia ( London : Penguin , 1995 ) , p. 113 .
( 26 ) Pipes , Russia under the Old Regime , p. 312 .
( 27 ) During the late 1960s and 1970s the Soviet politburo and the KGB , led by Yuri Andropov , waged a campaign of terror , repression , and disinformation against Solzhenitsyn .
One example : the KGB detained and so brutally interrogated one of the author 's typists , Elizaveta Voronyanskaya , that she broke down and divulged where a copy of The Gulag Archipelago was hidden .
In despair , she committed suicide .
She was secretly buried to cover up the KGB 's crime .
Dozens of official documents on the anti-Solzhenitsyn campaign were translated and edited in Michael Scammell , ed. , The Solzhenitsyn Files : Secret Soviet Documents Reveal One Man 's Fight Against the Monolith ( Chicago : edition q , inc. , 1995 ) .
( 28 ) Figes argues that the Okhrana 's mistreatment of imprisoned revolutionaries brutalized them and whetted their appetite for revenge once the political tables were turned .
" One can draw a straight line from the penal rigors of the tsarist regime to the terrorism of the revolutionaries and indeed to the police state of the Bolsheviks . "
A People 's Tragedy , p. 124 .
There may be some truth to this , but the Bolsheviks , in quickly creating a police apparatus of their own , seemed motivated more by a desire to maintain power than by any quest for revenge against their former tormentors .
( 29 ) Historian Bertram D. Wolfe claims that Harting and Zhitomirsky were one and the same , but the latter was actually the former 's agent .
Bertram D. Wolfe , Three Who Made a Revolution : A Biographical History ( Boston : Beacon Hill Press , 1955 ) , p. 536 .
( 30 ) Ibid. , pp 535-557
( 31 ) Dziak , Chekisty , p. 5 .
( 32 ) Leggett writes : " The extent of the Okhrana 's penetration of the Bolshevik Party was such that not only was it minutely informed about the membership , structure , and activities of the party ( one of the best sources of the pre-1917 Bolshevik Party history is a collection of Moscow Okhrana documents ) , but it was also in a position to influence Bolshevik tactics . "
( The Cheka , p. xxiv . )
( 33 ) Tennant , " The Department of Police 1911 - 1913 from " Recollections of Nikolai Vladimirovich Veselago , " p. 8 .
( 34 ) For more on Burtsev 's exploits against the Okhrana , which for a time almost leveled the playing field for the revolutionaries , see Zuckerman , " Vladimir Burtsev and the Tsarist Political Police , " pp. 193-219 .
( 35 ) Norman Cohn , Warrant for Genocide : The Myth of the Jewish World Conspiracy and the Protocols of the Elders of Zion ( New York : Harper and Row , 1967 ) , pp. 80 - 81 .
( 36 ) See Vyacheslav Kevorkov , The Secret Channel : Moscow , the KGB and Bonn 's Eastern Policy [ in German ] ( Berlin : Rowohlt , 1995 ) .
( 37 ) Anna Geifman notes that as the turn of the century approached , women , especially those from upper - and middle - class backgrounds , became involved in underground politics and even in extremist acts :
" As a result of rapidly changing family relations and the spread of literacy , self - assertive girls and young women could no longer be confined to the home .
At the same time , however , they were denied higher education , along with any role in the political process , and in general were offered little opportunity to realize their intellectual ambitions .
This drove a number of them into the ranks of the radical outcasts , where their male comrades were willing to give them greater recognition than could reasonably be expected within the traditional establishment .
. . . To a large extent , this accounts for the fact that women comprised nearly one - third of the SR [ Socialist Revolutionary ] Combat Organization , and approximately one - fourth of all Russian terrorists at the beginning of the century . "
[ emphasis added ]
Anna Geifman , Thou Shalt Kill : Revolutionary Terrorism in Russia , 1894 - 1917 ( Princeton : Princeton University Press , 1996 ) , p. 12 .
This involvement also made women natural targets of police surveillance and recruitment .
( 38 ) For an example of solid scholarship based in part on the Okhrana Collection at the Hoover Institution , see Geifman 's book cited in the previous footnote .
( 39 ) James Sherr , " Cultures of Spying , " The National Interest , No. 38 ( Winter 1994/95 ) , p. 60 .
* Adobe® Reader® is needed to view Adobe PDF files .
If you do n't already have Adobe Reader installed , you may download the current version at www.adobe.com ( opens in a new window ) .
[ external link disclaimer ]
A study of one million Swedish men has revealed a strong link between cognitive ability and the risk of death , suggesting that government initiatives to increase education opportunities may also have health benefits .
Dr David Batty , a Wellcome Trust research fellow at the MRC Social and Public Health Sciences Unit in Glasgow , and colleagues , found that a lower IQ was strongly associated with a higher risk of death from causes such as accidents , coronary heart disease and suicide .
The researchers studied data from one million Swedish men conscripted to the army at the age of 18 .
After they had taken into account whether a person had grown up in a safer , more affluent environment , they found that only education had an influence on the relationship between IQ and death .
The researchers say the link between IQ and mortality could be partially attributed to the healthier behaviours displayed by those who score higher on IQ tests .
" People with higher IQ test scores tend to be less likely to smoke or drink alcohol heavily , they eat better diets , and they are more physically active .
So they have a range of better behaviours that may partly explain their lower mortality risk , " says Dr Batty .
Previous studies have suggested that preschool education programmes and better nourishment can raise IQ scores .
The study suggests this may also have previously unforeseen health benefits , further validating government efforts to improve living conditions and education .
Dr Batty suggests there may also be benefits from simplifying health information for the public .
" If you believe the association between IQ and mortality is at least partially explained by people with a lower IQ having worse behaviours - which is plausible - then it might be that the messages used to change health behaviours are too complicated , " he says .
" Messages about diet , including how much or what type of alcohol is beneficial , are n't simple , and the array of strategies available for quitting smoking are diverse and actually quite complicated .
If you clarify the options available to people who want to , say , quit smoking , in the short term that may have an effect . "
A second study , also co-authored by Dr Batty , used data from more than 4000 US soldiers and followed them for 15 years .
The study found the same relationship between IQ scores and mortality , as well as a significant association between higher neuroticism and increased mortality risk .
Frank Cifaldi Tuesday 21st April 2009
Share this article Share
Companies in this article Sony Computer Entertainment
Sony Computer Entertainment America is lining up an aggressive strategy that may include a price reduction for the PlayStation 3 later this year , as well as a reaffirmation of Sony 's ten year commitment to the platform , according to an interview with senior vice president of marketing Peter Dille , reports Gamasutra .
Dille says that Sony is confident in its marketing plan for the remainder of 2009 , telling Gamasutra that " We 've talked about this next year being the most aggressive marketing year in PlayStation 's history .
It clearly falls into the ' we can't comment on rumour and speculation , ' but we 're confident in our plan , and we 'll just leave it at that . "
In response to inquiries about a possible price reduction for the console , Dille said " We 're not going to make a price move for PS3 ; we 're not going to be packing five free games into a promotional strategy . "
In a follow - up question , Dille hinted at the possibility of a cut later this year , saying , " Well , what I 've said is that it 's not going to drop in price today . "
Though Sony 's plans for 2009 have not yet been revealed to the press , many third party publishers and retailers were given details at February 's invite - only Destination PlayStation event .
" I think it might be fair to say that some people came into Destination PlayStation curious about what our plans were , " said Dille .
" I think they all left really fired up about the year ahead because , once they understood what our plans were , we did n't hear any of that grousing that you 're talking about - certainly not from the folks that attended . "
Dille also stressed Sony 's commitment for a ten - year business strategy for the console , saying " I hope that people know by now that we are serious when we talk about 10 - year product lifecycles .
I do n't know ; maybe sometimes guys in your business think that it 's spin .
If it were spin , you would n't have PS1 and PS2 doing it ; we 're the only company that 's ever done it . "
Many third parties and retailers have called for a reduction in cost for the PS3 console , with major US retailer GameStop 's CEO Don Matteo saying earlier this month that the USD 399 price point " is clearly an issue in this economy . "
One would suspect that Matteo was present at the Destination PlayStation event in February , though his comments , while clearly calling for a reduction , do not reveal any knowledge of one in the foreseeable future .
Malappuram 's Hapless Women
K A Shaji
Malappuram and Kozhikode
Shakheela had no qualm when her father decided to discontinue her studies at ninth standard and to marry her off to a man in his late thirties .
As far as this 13 - year - old poor girl from Ramankuth near Nilambur in Kerala ’s Muslim dominated Malappuram district was concerned , marriage was nothing but an opportunity to wear new dresses and gold ornaments .
She was least aware of the complexities involved in a child marriage and never thought it was illegal .
At that time , Shakheela had no clue that she would become a mother by the age of 15 and would be abandoned one day along with the kid by the husband to marry another young girl .
The battle for survival is tough for Shakheela , at present 21 - years - old , and her six – year - old son Muhammad Shahan .
Shakheela ’s father died last year and the aged mother is affected with a number of chronic diseases .
Shakheela also has to look after two of her younger brothers , who are just a little older than Shahan .
The local panchayat has offered her a small loan to buy a cow and now she depends solely on the few litres of milk from the cow to meet both ends .
``Most of the girls in the ninth standard along with me at that time are yet to get married .
It was sheer poverty and the inability to provide dowry that prompted my poor father to marry me off to Musthafa , who claimed to have belonged to Wayanad in North Kerala .
None of his relatives came here before or after the marriage and he never took me and the kid to his native place , ’’ recalls Shakeela .
Her family had given eight sovereigns of gold and a few thousands of rupees during marriage but Musthafa spent all that lavishly for his own needs .
`` He left me forever soon after the second birthday of Shahan .
There was no hint that he was abandoning me and the kid forever and he even took away the small gold chain of Shahan , which was the last valuable at home .
It was a present from my poor ailing mother , ’’ she said .
It was in November 2008 ; Shakheela by chance found a news item in a vernacular daily about a major road accident in Wayanad and the name of Musthafa was given as one among the deceased .
There was no communication from his family about his death .
Only after his passing away , she came to know that Musthafa had married twice before meeting her and he had five children apart from Shahan .
`` He married again after leaving me .
The accident death may be an attempt by the god to prevent him from marrying more girls and ruining their lives .
That marriage crippled my life forever and I wish to extend whatever my cooperation to the society in ending such a system that promotes child marriage .
Can you imagine that Musthafa had came to see me and Shahan at the maternity ward of the local government hospital only 29 days after the delivery of the boy ? , ’’ she asks .
Nilambur Village Panchayat President and known Malayalam film maker Aryadan Shoukath talks about another girl of similar fate .
Shahina was his classmate till eighth standard at Government Manavedan High School in Nilambur .
`` It was a terrible shock for me and my sister when the news of Shahina ’s marriage came .
A close friend of my sister , Shahina was with us till the other day snatching dragon flies and reciting a poem of Raveendranath Tagore from the school text book .
She was very brilliant in academics .
It was in the year in which my sister appeared for the school final exam , Shahina became a mother and it was followed by a triple talaq , which made her life further miserable .
She was later married off to a 60 - year - old man , who already had three wives , ’’ says Shoukath .
28 - year - old Surekha Kallingal of Chandakunnu has a different experience to tell .
She was married off to Irfan , a native of Rajendra Nagar in Mysore district of Karnataka , at the age of 14 .
Surekha had no command over any language other than Malayalam .
Even basic communication was not possible at Irfan ’s house , where Kannada and Urdu were the spoken languages .
Her family had provided seven sovereigns of gold and Rs 70,000 as dowry but Surekha had to return to her native place later as Irfan wanted to marry another girl .
Now Surekha works in a laterite brisk manufacturing unit to look after her two children .
Neither money nor the gold was returned by the family of husband .
` `I am even denied of any governmental help .
The authorities require either a divorce certificate or proof of death of my husband .
As there was no customary talaq , there is no chance of divorce certificate , ’’ she says .
A P Hafzath of Makkaraparambu is also a victim of ` Mysore Marriage , ’ in which men from the Mysore region of Karnataka coming to the Muslim pockets of Kerala in search of minor girls to marry .
While comparing with the local bride grooms , those from Mysore demand lesser dowry .
Hafzath was fourteen when the marriage was held and the man from Mysore preferred to stay at her home in Kerala than taking her to Karnataka .
After three years and two children , he simply vanished .
Inquiries found that the addresses he given were bogus .
`` My father Aryadan Mohammed may be the first politician from within the community to raise voice against the orthodoxy which gives nod to such illegal marriages .
Right from the childhood , I was witness to the harrowing real life tales told by these women and their illiterate parents to my father , who represents Nilambur Assembly constituency for more than a quarter century .
The Shahina episode had touched my conscience deeply and it was after that I had scripted the award winning film Padom Onnu Oru Vilapom ( Lesson One : A Wail ) , ’’ said Shoukath .
Directed by ace film maker T V Chandran , the film was the first courageous attempt to focus on child marriages in Muslim pockets of Malappuram and actress Meera Jasmine won national award by giving expression to the pangs of Shahina .
`` It is alarming that girls here are becoming mother by the age of 15 and grandmother by 30 .
How a civilized society can tolerate this ?
At Women ’s Commission , we are getting too many complaints from the victims of such marriages on an every day basis .
But orthodoxy is whipping up communal passion whenever the commission acts on such complaints , ’’ says P K Sainaba , member of Kerala Women ’s Commission .
`` There is no demand for women above the age of 18 in the Muslim marriage markets of North Kerala .
Marriage must be held before the age of 16 , the clergy insists .
It would be difficult to get a life partner for Muslim women above the age of twenty and having degree or post graduation , ’’ points out Shoukath .
According to him , the dowry system is strong among Muslims living in the northern region of Kerala , called Malappuram - Kasargod belt , and a decent marriage requires at least 3 lakh rupees .
`` The inability to provide at least 20 sovereigns of gold and Rs two lakh is forcing poor parents to marry off their minor daughters to people double of their age .
Most of such men are marrying for the third or fourth time and so they demand lesser dowry , ’’ he says .
`` The parents are only concerned about the marriage .
They are least concerned about the life thereafter .
The presence of women ’s organizations is very minimal in these regions and Muslim women are least attracted to their activities , ’’ says Sainaba .
At the family court in Manjery , there are over 300 pending cases filed by `minor ’ wives against their estranged husbands .
``Even the law fails to put and to this system .
The court can direct the husband to give a maximum of Rs 500 as maintenance a month .
Six months simple imprisonment is the punishment for failing in it .
Most of the men prefer to go to jail for six months instead of giving Rs 500 a month to the previous wife .
This is the tendency here , ’’ said V P Suhara , a social activist .
A rapid household survey conducted by Union Health Ministry a few years ago , about 36 percent of girls in Malappuram district ( comprised of five municipalities and 100 village panchayats ) are being married off before the age of 18 .
At the state level , only 9.1 per cent of Malayalee girls are getting married before 18 .
As per a data released by Kerala Education department last year , as many as 2152 Muslim girls in Malappuram , who got promotion from ninth standard to tenth standard , had decided not to continue their studies and even not to appear for the SSLC examination .
The district wise data also shows that around 1502 girls stopped their education at eighth standard and 1834 girls at seventh standard .
There is also a severe drop in the number of girls joining in the first standard .
While comparing with the previous year , the reduction in fresh enrolments was about 1198 .
The drop out rate of Muslim girls from second to fourth standards is also alarming .
There was a drop out of 964 girls in the second standard and 1817 girls in third standard .
In fourth standard , it was 982 ; interestingly there is no drop - out in the case of Muslim boys studying in different schools .
``A large number of the parents feel that it would be difficult to find a husband to their daughter if she completes 15 years of age .
Even this year , at least a dozen parents have asked me to fail their daughters ignoring their academic brilliance at class nine , ’’ said headmaster of a school in Edavanna .
`` Without the consent letter of first wife , no second marriage is permitted in Pakistan , an Islamic country .
But here the orthodoxy is ignoring the tears of poor girls , who have been trapped in the marriage business .
The matter is not bothering them .
Aged men from Arab countries and areas like Mysore are still looking for their prey here , ’’ says Shoukath .
`` The age of groom is never taken into consideration though a 15 - year - old girl is considered out of marriage market , ’’ says Suhara .
According to her , most of the mothers of these unfortunate girls and their son - in - laws are of the same age .
Citizenship is the main problem confronting the children of Muslim women of the region who marry Arab nationals , who are often not seeking any dowry .
There are thousands of women in the region , who were oncee married and dumped later by Arab nationals .
Arabs are not concerned of money .
Instead asking dowry , the Arabs are providing `meher ’ worth a few thousands of rupees to the family of the minor girl .
Kunhamina of Kuttikattoor , who married Yemeni national named Abdulla Quid Ahmed years back , is now knocking at every door to get citizenship to her two sons , who were born outside India .
Subaida of Pallikandy also has the same problem .
Her three daughters need citizenship .
``Officials are claiming now that there is a significant drop in the number of Arab marriages due to a number of arrests in the recent years .
But now things are done secretly .
The people in these regions know Arab , Mysore and minor marriages take place , but will not tell you where , when , how or who is getting married , ’’ points out K Shuhaib , a social activist .
The clergy and other orthodox elements are very vigilant against the interaction of `minor wives ’ about their troubled life to press , authorities or social organizations .
All the representatives of the clergy , whom this magazine contacted to get their version of such incidents , refused to talk .
There were attempts in places like Ramankuthu and Chandakunnu to forcibly prevent us from talking to the victims .
Fearing wrath of clergy and its vote bank politics , no political party in Kerala is ready take up the issue .
The Women ’s Commission is also seems helpless .
Since Muslim Personal
Law does not specify the marriageable age for women , religious heads are encouraging the practice and sanction the onset of puberty as the ideal age for marriage .
The rise in minor marriages is making the district a doctors ’ nightmare .
According to some health activists , Malappuram has one of the highest maternal death rates .
A recent survey conducted among 100 below - 18 mothers found that 36.1 per cent of the neonates were underweight .
Minor mothers also suffer several miscarriages .
`` The male dominated clergy is least bothered about these poor women and their unfortunate children .
The general lack of education and awareness is also making the situation complex .
Poverty and dowry system are also playing spoilsport with their lives , ’’ says Suhara .
Ends …
From the ' why Oracle matters to Linux ' files :
Ubuntu Linux 9.04 is set for release on April 23rd for both the server and the desktop , and though it will include many new features it will be lacking at least one key item --�� Oracle certification .
I asked Mark Shuttleworth founder of Ubuntu about the lack of Oracle certification for 9.04 Jaunty Jackalope and he did n't seem too concerned , though he did admit Oracle holds a special place in the application landscape .
" Oracle is a litmus test for enterprise readiness , " Shuttleworth told InternetNews.com .
" So Oracle certification is far more important to us as a public testament to the reliability and ruggedness of Ubuntu than it is in terms of sheer volume . "
Oracle has it's own Oracle Enterprise Linux ( based on Red Hat ) and certifies its applications on Red Hat and Novell 's versions of Linux .
Shuttleworth argued that he has not seen any organization where Oracle applications represent a large number of Linux servers .
In his view an organization only needs so many database servers .
I asked Oracle 's top Linux exec , Wim Coekaerts , Director of Linux Engineering what he thought of Ubuntu and why Oracle has n't certified it -- and got the flip side of Shuttleworth 's answer .
Chris , aka Dr.InfoSec , is passionate about helping organizations take stock of their cyber risks and manage those risks across the intricate landscape of technology , business , and people .
Whether performing information security risk assessments , working alongside CIOs & CISOs to set and communicate strategic security priorities , or advising board members on effective governance of cyber risks , Chris enjoys working with business leaders to improve their organization 's cyber risk posture .
The Dr. InfoSec™ Blog is curated by Christophe Veltsos , PhD , CISSP , CISA , CIPP .
Not many people know that Judge Jay ByBee is a Mormon and an anti-gay supporter .
As Patrick Leahy , Russ Feingold , Jerry Nadler , and Jan Schakowsky all spoke out against him , Harry Reid was n't saying much .
Even though Diane Feinstein voted against his confirmation she now either has a no comment or is trying to wrestle control of the investigation .
Russ Feingold voted against his nomination back in 2003 :
On more than 20 occasions , Mr. Bybee refused to answer a question , claiming over and over again that as an attorney in the Department of Justice he could not comment on any advice that he gave at any time .
This is unfortunately becoming a very familiar refrain of nominees before the Judiciary Committee .
---
But the failure to make OLC opinions available to the Judiciary Committee during the consideration of a nominee for a seat on a circuit court is unacceptable ...
The administration should be able to agree to an acceptable procedure to allow the Judiciary Committee to review Mr. Bybee 's OLC opinions .
Given the recent history of many OLC opinions being made public , it is hard to believe that there are no opinions authored by Mr. Bybee that could be disclosed without damaging the deliberative process .
Indeed , it is very hard to give credence to the idea that OLC 's independence would be compromised by the release of some selection of the opinions of interest to members of the Judiciary Committee or the Senate .
After the release of these memos why then is Harry Reid not in line with almost every Democratic Politician ?
A serious setback , however : Harry Reid , whose Senate would rule on an impeachment in the House , does n't seem to like the idea : " Judge Bybee has a good professional reputation in Nevada , " Reid spokesman Jon Summers said in an e-mail .
" While the memos that have been released are disturbing to Sen .
Reid , at this point in time , he does n't think we should be making a rush to judgment . "
And as Alex Koppelman reports in Salon :
Reid has also resisted House Speaker Nancy Pelosi 's request to create an independent commission to investigate the interrogation tactics .
In a recent statement , Reid said , " I think it would [ sic ] very unwise from my perspective to start having commissions , boards , tribunals until we find out what the facts are . ”
Reid sponsored Bybee 's judicial appointment , along with fellow Nevada Senator John Ensign .
Ensign has been adamant in his support of Bybee , referring to the calls for the judge 's ouster as " outrageous " and saying that " This was not torture .
This is the thing we have to get away from , that this is somehow accepted that it was torture .
The United States does not engage in torture .
This was ' advanced interrogation techniques . ' "
My question is of Harry Reid .
Are you supporting Judge ByBee because he is a Mormon ?
I 'm not against religion as I 've said many times , but if Bybee was involved with any other religion , would Harry Reid have supported him ?
Will any reporters pose that question to Harry Reid ?
It just seems odd to me that Reid did n't condemn the memos he 's credited with writing much more harshly and is resisting any form of inspection .
This is very troubling .
A video showing a teenage girl being flogged by Taliban fighters has emerged from the Swat Valley in Pakistan , offering a shocking glimpse of militant brutality in the once - peaceful district , and a sign of Taliban influence spreading deeper into the country .
The two - minute video , shot using a mobile phone , shows a burka - clad woman face down on the ground .
Two men hold her arms and feet while a third , a black - turbaned fighter with a flowing beard , whips her repeatedly .
" Please stop it , " she begs , alternately whimpering or screaming in pain with each blow to the backside .
" Either kill me or stop it now . "
A crowd of men stands by , watching silently .
Off camera a voice issues instructions .
" Hold her legs tightly , " he says as she squirms and yelps .
After 34 lashes the punishment stops and the wailing woman is led into a stone building , trailed by a Kalashnikov - carrying militant .
Reached by phone , Taliban spokesman Muslim Khan claimed responsibility for the flogging .
" She came out of her house with another guy who was not her husband , so we must punish her .
There are boundaries you cannot cross , " he said .
He defended the Taliban 's right to thrash women shoppers who were inappropriately dressed , saying it was permitted under Islamic law .
The Guardian received the video through Samar Minallah , a Pashtun documentary maker and anthropologist who lived in Swat for two years in the late 1990s .
It has been passed between Swat residents by mobile phones .
Ms Minallah said the punishment had been inflicted within the last 10 days , following the signing of a controversial peace deal under which the provincial government ceded control of the valley 's judicial system to the militants .
" This video is being widely circulated because the Taliban want people to see it .
They want to give the message that this is taking place after the peace deal because this is something they ideologically believe in , " she said .
Local sources including journalists and human rights workers , some of whom declined to be identified , confirmed the video was recent , although estimates of its timing varied between one and three weeks ago .
The Taliban spokesman said it predated the peace deal .
Sher Muhammad Khan , an official in Swat with the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan , said : " They have committed so many atrocities since the peace deal .
They have taken entire control of the district .
There is nobody to control them ; they decide disputes according to their whims . "
Since the 15 February deal , a hybrid of traditional and Islamic law has been operational in Mingora , the largest city in Swat district .
The qazi courts , as they are known , are not operated by the Taliban but by a related political movement .
They have a murky legal status because the changes have yet to be signed into law .
Floggings and other physical punishments have not been imposed in Mingora , where some residents have praised the system 's efficiency .
However , in outlying districts , where government writ has been entirely crushed , a crude form of gun justice prevails .
The woman in the video , named as Chaand and believed to be aged 17 , was punished in Matta , a district further up the Swat Valley .
Minallah and other sources said the girl was punished on suspicion of having had an illicit relationship with a married man .
She did not receive a trial .
" The whole case is based on the suspicions of one neighbour , " said Minallah .
The woman 's brother is among the men pinning her down , she added .
" It 's symbolic that he does it with his own hands .
It gives him honour in local society , that he has done it for the sake of religion . "
The Swat Valley is controlled by Maulana Fazlullah , a charismatic preacher who initially gained popularity through radio broadcasts , then seized control through gun battles , suicide attacks and intimidation of the local population .
Since the peace deal , women have been beaten for shopping unaccompanied in Mingora 's main market and dozens of girls ' schools remain closed , many of them bombed .
Fazlullah has sworn loyalty to Baitullah Mehsud , the overall Taliban leader from South Waziristan who claimed responsibility for last Monday 's eight - hour assault on a police centre in Lahore and has vowed to mount attacks in Washington .
On Wednesday a presumed American drone fired rockets at a compound controlled by his network , killing at least 14 people .
The effective surrender of government authority in Swat has caused great alarm across Pakistan and among western allies .
Minallah said she feared Talibanisation would spread across Pakistan .
" I have distributed this video because I feel people are in denial .
They do n't want to believe what is happening . "
I have blacked out from smoking to much .
I get this feeling come over me and I fade out .
This has happened to me several times where it feels like I zone out , I get really warm , my eyes roll back in my head and thank God I had someone there to revive me .
I used to smoke all the time , then over the years I slowed down .
It happens to me if the stuff is really good or I just have too much for my tolerance level .
I been told it might have something to do with my sugar and or my tolerance level .
I like to find answers to this myself , because friends and family have been scared when this happens to me .
I feel the only way to keep this from happening to me is not to take part .
Last time this happened it only took three joints , first one , then I ate , then we had two back to back of some medicinal grade stuff and passed out to wake up to frightened friends and being told I just blacked out and like I was choking .
Couple times I woke up with puke on me .
If anyone has any similar experiences they like to share , reply to my answer .
Gabrielle Anwar is an English hot actress and she looks very sexy by her body .
Here you will get gabrielle 's home photos , free hot bi ...
Boulder , Colorado : I have every reason to believe that ‘ 4/20 ’ in 2009 will be the biggest and most momentous one to date as NORML launches 7,770 nationwide TV ads that advocate for cannabis law reform ; NORML expects record numbers of supporters to join the organization for the celebratory one - day price of $ 4.20 because , I believe , there is a palpable zeitgeist in America right now favoring reform ; the Obama administration appears amenable to some cannabis law reforms in ways that no prior president since Jimmy Carter has embraced ; and lastly , with NORML ’s nearly 600,000 ‘ friends ’ on Facebook and nearly 67,000 MySpace , more Americans than ever before who are keen on cannabis can create a viral effect that benefits reform .
Here in Boulder between 10,000 - 15,000 students and activists are expected to celebrate in what has become the biggest 4/20 event in the world .
Heck , the New York Times has already posted a profile of 4/20 for today ’s paper , where they came yesterday for interview and photos to the University of Colorado at Boulder ’s National Marijuana Forum .
This portends well to what will be an insane day in the media for pro-reform groups like NORML ( I ’ve already got 35 interviews scheduled … ) as I was also asked to pen an essay for National Public Radio ’s All Things Considered that I assume will be published today .
( UPDATE !
Read and comment on Allen ’s essay here . )
I dare say we as a country are finally ‘ getting it ’ regarding the clear and obvious need to reform our misguided cannabis laws .
Thanks to the hundreds of NORML supporters who donated what they could to buy ad time to launch a timely 4/20 ad campaign , you ’re the green that keeps NORML all grassroots , all of the time !
Have an enjoyable and safe 4/20 from the staff of NORML !
Legalization : Yes We Can – Jason Druss
Marijuana Advocacy Group Launches TV Campaign on ‘ 4/20 ’
The National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws Foundation ( NORML Foundation ) a Washington , D.C. - based advocacy organization , established in 1997 , is purchasing advertising time on selective cable outlets to underscore the urgency of decriminalizing cannabis .
The NORML Foundation launched this pro-marijuana ad campaign to create further political pressure on the federal government to recognize 1 ) the ever - increasing support of Americans who favor cannabis legalization , 2 ) the clear sea change of cannabis laws that ’s been happening at the state level since Californians voted in favor of medicinal access to cannabis in 1996 , and 3 ) to rally cannabis consumers and anti-prohibitionists on April 20 , a date on the calendar that has organically become a national day to both publicly celebrate cannabis as well as protest 70 years of prohibition .
The featured ad is the winner of NORML ’s recent user - generated - content contest that asks NORML supporters : ‘ What would you say to President Obama about legalizing marijuana ? ’
New Jersey college student and up and coming filmmaker Jason Druss created the winning submission and is the recipient of the contest ’s $ 3,500 cash grand prize after 6500 votes were cast on NORML ’s webpage .
“ It ’s time for President Obama to endorse cannabis law reform where it is legally controlled and taxed like alcohol and tobacco products , ” stated Jason Druss .
“ It ’s shocking that students can lose out from federal student loans for possessing a few joints , when pot ’s been part of the college culture for decades . ’
Marijuana , By the Numbers …
Thirteen states ( with a population base of 115 million Americans ) have decriminalized cannabis possession ; thirteen states ( with a population base of 75 million Americans ) now have medical cannabis laws .
Additionally , more states than ever before are debating cannabis law reform , including California and Massachusetts where legalization legislation have been introduced .
Since 1965 , over 20 million Americans have been arrested on cannabis - related charges — 90 % for possession - only ; over 900,000 cannabis arrests are expected again this year .
According to numerous survey and polls , approximately 75 % of Americans support medical access to cannabis ; 73 % favor decriminalizing cannabis possession for adults and 42 % of Americans support legalizing cannabis .
7,700 NORML Foundation ads are appearing on cable outlets nationwide ( with a strong media buy in Ohio ) on CNN , CNBC , Fox News Channel , Fuse , FX Networks , G4 , MSNBC , CNN ’s Headline News and Spike TV .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Way back in the day we used to use Campfire and Subversion .
Time happened , it ’s the future , and now we use Present.ly and Git .
Remember how those commit messages would just show up in Campfire whenever anyone did an svn commit -m ‘ whatever ’ ?
Would n’t it be nice to be able to publish Git commit messages to Present.ly just like the old days with Campfire and Subversion ?
We can do it .
We ’ve been doing it .
We ’re doing it right now .
The first thing you ’ll need to know is that Git has hooks .
Lots of them .
They live in the hidden ‘. git / hooks ’ folder in your project .
Their names are relatively descriptive and tell you when these hooks will fire .
The one we ’re particularly interested in right now is ‘.git/hooks/post-commit ’ .
Open up that file , there ’s stuff in there , delete it and add the following hotness instead :
Once you ’ve updated your account , username , password , and the group to which you want to send your messages – you need to make this bad man active so it will fire at your will .
The zombies will never see it coming :
chmod +x .git/hooks/post-commit
Keep in mind that none of these hooks will fire unless they are marked as executable .
This will bite you ; it did me , and I ’m still recovering .
It ’s okay son , that ’s how we earn our stripes .
Make some changes , queue ‘ em up , hit commit , and BLAM : you ’re knee deep in dead zombies and commit messages !
But how do you kill something that ’s already dead …
Barack Obama sips a beverage while attending a Wizards - Bulls basketball game .
| REUTERS
For Obama , hipness is what it is
During his first 100 days as president of the United States , Barack Obama revealed how different he is from all the white men who preceded him in the Oval Office , and the differences run deeper — in substance and style — than the color of his skin .
Barack Hussein Obama is the nation ’s first hip president .
Advertisement
This , of course , is subject to debate .
But watch him walk .
Listen to him talk .
See the body language , the expressions , the clothes .
He ’s got attitude , rhythm , a sense of humor , contemporary tastes .
This much is clear :
Whether dealing with the Wall Street mess , shifting troops from Iraq to Afghanistan or fumbling to fill his Cabinet , Obama leans heavily on personal panache to push political policies .
Truth be told , his style is rooted in something elusive and hard to define .
Pure and simple , it ’s hip .
“ Being hip is being able to navigate your environment and others ’ environments , ” like the way Obama traverses racial boundaries , said John Leland , author of the definitive book “ Hip : The History . ”
“ Obama has this awareness that other presidents have n’t had .
He ’s white , and he ’s black .
He ’s an elitist , and he ’s regular folk .
He ’s not pinned down to a perspective . ”
Young is to hip as old is to fogey — an essential characteristic .
Obama has modern instincts and attitudes that appeal to younger people , and more than any other president in recent memory , that makes him a role model .
He is green , open , athletic , tech - savvy , healthy .
And his hip image certainly is n’t hurt by his wife , who is so obviously cool — setting trends ( Sleeveless !
Tending her own garden ! ) , confidently mingling with superstars , gracing magazine covers coast to coast .
Consider how , during the campaign , Obama used his personality — the smile , the jaunty stride and the hip - hop verbiage — to disarm critics , charm supporters and persuade fence sitters to elect him president .
In an against - the - odds campaign , Obama never lost his poise as he forged a rapport with a new generation of voters while keeping old heads on his team .
He could go professorial on the need for health care reform or describe the minutiae of Middle East politics .
Still , he begged to bring his BlackBerry into the Oval Office , a signal that he intends to remain in touch with the 21st century .
Very hip !
Once he settled into the White House , the hip parade did n’t subside .
Early guests included pop artists Stevie Wonder ( a campaign supporter ) , Alicia Keys , Will.i.am and Sheryl Crow — but also Sweet Honey in the Rock , a group of socially and politically active a capella singers with an indie , underground vibe .
Obama strutted onto Jay Leno ’s stage and plopped down on the couch , making him the first sitting president to do that .
He unveiled his March Madness basketball bracket from the Oval Office .
And speaking of basketball , who missed the sight of POTUS dressed in all black , sitting courtside at a Bulls - Wizards game with a cup of beer and high - fiving a trash - talking fan ?
How hip was that ?!
It ’s so hip that school kids in Albany , N.Y. , coined a term for it : “ Baracking . ”
And it does n’t stop there .
Those in the know at Albany High greet each other by saying : “ What ’s up , my Obama ? ” and they respond to a sneeze with “ Barack you . ”
Misbehavior is peer - corrected with the admonition , “ Barack ’s in the White House , ” which translates , “ Show some respect . ”
Deborah Tannen , professor of linguistics at Georgetown University , said it was “ just really stunning ” that kids were co-opting the president ’s name as a term of endearment and identification .
“ This is the most emblematic , positive thing that kids could say , ” she said .
“ It ’s connecting them to him , saying that there ’s something special in the connection between them . ”
John F. Kennedy understood the nexus of Hollywood glam and Washington power , but he was n’t a hipster .
Bill Clinton looked good in Ray - Bans and did a nice turn with the saxophone on “ The Arsenio Hall Show , ” but in his heart of hearts , Ol ’ Bubba was a country boy from the Ozarks with a need - filled , wonky core — not hip .
Obama ’s hipness reinforces that he ’s different , yet he ’s comfortingly familiar to Americans who want to revere their presidents as pedestal material while demanding that they be approachable as the guy next door .
So what ’s hipness got to do with public policy ?
For Obama , everything .
His personal charisma is a nonverbal form of communication , sending seemingly conflicting messages : the need for radical and sacrificial change , yet the reassurance to Americans that he ’s as sane and stable as the guy in the next barber ’s chair , said Roger Wilkins , who recently retired as a history professor at George Mason University .
“ Hipness is a way of presenting to the world that you know what ’s going on and that you ’ve got things under control , ” said Wilkins , who served in the Johnson administration and has had up - close dealings with every president since Kennedy .
“ For Obama , his hipness exudes power .
He just keeps on moving , no matter what comes his way , and he does n’t lose it .
That ’s being hip — and I do n’t see any contemporary public figures whom I would think of as hip . ”
True , Obama uses his hipster personality as a weapon .
His enormous popularity is a bludgeon that demands political respect , if not support .
For example , almost immediately after settling into the White House , Obama left Washington to campaign in Ohio , Michigan and other hard - hit states to sell his economic stimulus plan .
It was an effective effort at charm - school diplomacy , garnering outside - the - Beltway support and applying pressure on Washington insiders to get on board the Obama train .
The implication was that if you were not on board , you were not hip — you were square .
And who wants to be so uncool as to be on the wrong side of the hip president , other than a few vocal anti-cools , such as radio yakker Rush Limbaugh , House Minority Leader John A. Boehner and former Vice President Dick Cheney ?
There have been a few other nationally recognized hip politicians : the late Rep. Adam Clayton Powell of New York ; former California Gov. Jerry Brown , who is currently the state ’s attorney general ; and former San Francisco Mayor Willie Brown come to mind .
For a brief period in the 1970s and 1980s , one might argue that Washington ’s eternal pol Marion Barry was hip ; that was before drugs , booze and women brought him low .
To be sure , the track record for hip politicians is n’t promising .
History suggests that the power of personality has limitations in politics .
It sours under public scrutiny .
So can it last ?
Can Obama ’s hipness survive the weight and responsibility of the office ?
Maybe there ’s a reason presidents are n’t hip .
War - making , secrecy , aging , unpopularity , sternness and sobriety — these are decidedly unhip .
And all that could come in the next 100 days , because hipness is a trendy thing , subject to popular whim .
For now , with approval ratings over 60 percent , Obama is hip .
But he will have to find a balance between being hip and being powerful while sitting in the world ’s most watched fishbowl .
“ Hipness is what it is !
And sometimes hipness is what it ain’t , ” goes the famous song by Tower of Power .
“ There ’s one thing you should know .
What ’s hip today might become passé . ”
Sam Fulwood III wrote about race and politics for the Los Angeles Times ’ Washington bureau for more than a decade and is a frequent contributor to The Root.com .
Hennessey Performance Engineering ( HPE ) has extreme tuning offerings on a wide range of autos from A to Z .
But it has always been their amazing transformations of American muscle cars such as the Chevy Corvette and Dodge Viper that have been the true standouts .
Back in January they unleashed the Hennessey HPE700 Camaro , which uses the supercharged LS9 V8 from the Corvette ZR1 to produce 705 hp and 717 lb - ft of torque .
They also added the ZR1 ’s 15 inch carbon ceramic brakes and a host of other performance , aerodynamic and aesthetic tweaks .
But for some , 705 hp and a base price tag of $ 109,500 may be a bit too steep .
And so now , Hennessey has just announced their Limited Edition 2010 HPE550 Camaro .
Only 500 units will be available for the 2010 model year .
The Hennessey 2010 HPE550 Camaro starts with the standard SS model and adds a Magnuson supercharger with 6 psi boost along with a Corsa stainless steel exhaust system and custom engine calibration to produce 562 bhp and 557 lb- ft of torque .
The gives the car a 0 to 60 mph time of 3.9 seconds which shaves a little over a full second from the stock SS .
In addition , you get 20 inch lightweight wheels , a rear lip spoiler along with carbon fiber rocker panels and front splitter .
The branding includes a Hennessey custom graphics package and floor mats .
You can order the Hennessey HPE550 Camaro kit through mail ( with IKEA instructions ) for $ 24,900 or pony up $ 31,000 to get it fully installed ( highly recommended ) .
Do n’t forget that you will still need to supply a 2010 Chevy Camaro SS .
Additional options including bigger brakes , suspension upgrades , larger wheels and tires or revised interiors .
Of course , there is a 850 hp ( $ 54,500 ) or 1,000 hp ( $ 59,500 ) turbo setup available as well if you want to take on the neighbor ’s Bugatti .
I ’m just saying , I ’m just saying …
Source : Hennessey
By Anbarasan Ethirajan
BBC News , Colombo
The Tamil Tigers have been restricted a designated " safe zone " Tamil Tiger rebels have said that a two - day ceasefire called by Sri Lanka 's government is an attempt to deceive the international community .
The rebels called for a permanent internationally supervised truce as the ceasefire entered its second day .
The government announced the halt in fighting to allow civilians trapped in the conflict zone to leave .
The rebels ' statement said they were ready for open political talks to end the decades of bloodshed .
Meanwhile , Sri Lanka 's foreign secretary said the Tigers were using the truce to force civilians to shore up defences .
' Ready to comply '
The Tigers said the two - day truce was " merely an act of hoodwinking " .
They said there should be an internationally supervised truce and that such a ceasefire should also contain a base for political solutions .
See map of the region " The LTTE [ Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ] has for long been requesting a permanent ceasefire encompassing sensible military and political essence .
This , the LTTE still reiterates , " the statement said .
" The LTTE desires that it should also create a conducive climate for a permanent political resolution to the national question of the Tamils in a peaceful way .
The LTTE is ready to comply without any conditions to a ceasefire as described above . "
The Tigers have so far failed to demonstrate any genuine goodwill on their part in allowing the civilians to have free movement
Rohitha Bogollagama ,
Sri Lanka foreign minister
The rebels accused the army of continuing to shell civilian areas on the first day of the temporary ceasefire .
The army has denied the accusation .
Sri Lankan military officials said that the frontlines in the north - east had remained largely quiet except for some minor clashes .
Aid agencies say that tens of thousands of civilians have been trapped in a government - designated no - fire zone - though only 18 came out on Monday .
The government accuses the rebels of holding the civilians against their will .
The Tamil Tigers say the civilians do not want to leave the safe zone because they fear the military .
Sri Lankan Foreign Secretary Palitha Kohona accused the rebels of rebuilding defences with civilian labour during the truce .
Dr Kohona told the BBC's Tamil service : " Holding anybody hostage is a criminal act . "
He indicated that the government had no intention of extending the two - day truce .
" What is the purpose of keeping it extended if they do n't let the people go ? " he asked .
Meanwhile , British Foreign Secretary David Miliband has urged Sri Lanka not to return to all - out fighting against the Tamil Tigers after the end of the truce period .
In a telephone call with his Sri Lankan counterpart , Rohitha Bogollagama , Mr Miliband said the ceasefire could be an important first step towards the end of conflict without further civilian casualties .
In a statement , Mr Bogollagama said " a longer pause was not possible because the Tigers have so far failed to demonstrate any genuine goodwill on their part in allowing the civilians to have free movement " .
The authorities were also concerned that the rebels would use the opportunity to consolidate in the ceasefire zone , the statement added .
He said the stance of government of Sri Lanka remains unchanged in not recognising the appointment of a special envoy by Britain .
MAP OF THE REGION
Click here to return
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
MPP Executive Director Rob Kampia debates the benefits of ending marijuana prohibition with Kevin Sabet , former drug policy advisor to Presidents Clinton and Bush .
This occured a day after Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger called for an open discussion on the pros and cons of taxing and regulating marijuana like alcohol to help California ’s financial problems .
Continue Reading
ANTRIM , Northern Ireland ( Reuters ) - Police in Northern Ireland were hunting gunmen from the Real IRA on Monday after the republican splinter group said it killed two soldiers in the worst attack in the province for over a decade .
The attackers shot the soldiers as they collected pizzas at the gates of an army base near Antrim , a commuter town outside Belfast , late on Saturday .
Four people , including two pizza delivery men , were wounded .
A caller to the Dublin - based Sunday Tribune newspaper claimed responsibility for the shooting in the name of the South Antrim brigade of the Real IRA .
“ He said he made , and the Real IRA made , no apology for targeting British soldiers while they remained what he called occupying the north of Ireland , ” Suzanne Breen , a journalist at the newspaper , told Sky News .
The two soldiers who were killed were in their 20s and due to fly out for duty in Afghanistan .
The Real IRA , an Irish Republican Army splinter group , carried out the deadliest single bombing of Northern Ireland ’s sectarian “ Troubles ” in the market town of Omagh in August 1998 .
Twenty - nine people were killed .
Northern Ireland ’s former foes across the sectarian divide vowed the killings in Antrim would not plunge the province into a new cycle of violence after the relative peace and prosperity ushered in by the 1998 Good Friday Agreement .
“ Those who are involved in these types of actions need to stop and recognise that the popular will of the people of Ireland is for peaceful and democratic change , ” Northern Ireland ’s Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness told Reuters .
“ Quite clearly the efforts of these people are to destroy the peace process .
They will not succeed .
Their efforts are totally and absolutely futile , ” added McGuinness a former IRA guerrilla commander turned peace negotiator .
POLICE WARNING
The 1998 Good Friday accord ended 30 years of conflict in Northern Ireland in which more than 3,000 people were killed , including hundreds of British soldiers .
However , sporadic violence , much of it crime - related , has continued .
The IRA , which sought a united Ireland and drew support from the minority Roman Catholic community and Protestant guerrilla groups agreed to ceasefires under the deal .
The shooting followed a police warning last week that the threat from IRA splinter groups was again high .
Slideshow ( 15 images )
The Real IRA , which gained recruits and weapons from IRA members disillusioned with the peace process in the 1990s , went to ground after the devastating Omagh attack .
It has resurfaced in recent years and claimed responsibility for shooting two policemen in 2007 in attacks seen as designed to dissuade Catholics from joining the police service in Northern Ireland .
At the end of January police defused a 300 - pound ( 140 kg ) car bomb been left by dissident republicans in a Northern Irish village .
Slideshow ( 15 images )
Saturday ’s victims were collecting the pizza at the Massereene barracks near Antrim , 15 miles ( 25 km ) northwest of Belfast , when the gunmen pulled up in a vehicle and opened fire .
After an initial burst of gunfire , the attackers walked up and shot the victims as they lay on the ground , Irish state broadcaster RTE said .
Police said one of the delivery men , a Polish national , was critically injured .
There are now a maximum of 5,000 military personnel based in Northern Ireland , ready for deployment worldwide and providing support for the police only in case of extreme disorder as units do across the rest of the United Kingdom .
Troop numbers peaked at 27,000 in the early 1970s when soldiers patrolled the streets of cities such as Belfast .
As predicted here , PyS60 team releases one more PyS60 dot release in the series of 1.9.x releases .
Some additions as below , and as said earlier , baby steps are always good .
New features with PyS60 1.9.4
A single Nokia signed runtime package which can be installed on all S60 3rd ED and above devices is available .( size with dependencies =2.8 MB , actual size if runtime ~ 1MB )
Improved Application Packager :
The PyS60 application packager now scans the Python application being packaged and picks up the missing Python modules on which the application is dependent and packages them along with the application files .
Easier runtime deployment : Python runtime and its dependent components can be installed by just running any Python application packaged using 1.9.4 application packager .
( Only available from S60 3rd edition FP2 devices onwards with latest firmware )
Two new APIs added to the socket module – access_points ( ) and set_default_access_point ( ) which have similar functionality to the APIs present in btsocket module .
Two new APIs added to e32 module – get_capabilities ( ) and has_capabilities ( ) .
The former can be used to get the capabilities , the application has been signed with , and the latter to check if a given list of capabilities is granted to the application or not .
New mode to appuifw .app.screen – ‘ full_max ’ which can be used to achieve fullscreen on devices that do n’t have Left Soft Key and Right Soft Key ( e.g. : Nokia 5800 ) .
May be few more dot releases should lead to a final product – PyS60 2.0 – pretty soon !
You can download the release from maemo garage
garage.maemo.org/frs/?group_id=854
http://blogs.forum.nokia.com/blog/pankaj-nathanis-forum-nokia-blog/2009/04/24/pys60-1.9.4-is-now-here
Related posts :
Related posts brought to you by Yet Another Related Posts Plugin .
Some of the downloadable videos on this site are in .flv format and may not work in your current video player if you do not have the correct codecs .
If a video does n't work for you , you can try using VLC Media Player
As Barack Obama ’s economic advisers confront choices that vary from bad to worse in their mission to revive the financial sector and the broader economy , it is worth remembering that those choices were in essence inherited by the president , who is still new to his office .
Listening to his critics , especially on the right , it would be easy to believe that the president is personally responsible for ballooning deficits , gigantic bailouts , ridiculous bonuses , nationalized institutions and careening markets .
It would be easy to believe but it ’s entirely false — and merely the latest episode in an old political con game that is all too typical of Washington .
Ever since Election Day 2008 , the usual suspects have been hard at work , deflecting responsibility from the Bush administration ( and the Republicans in Congress ) for the catastrophic effects of conservative policy enacted during the past eight years .
Within days after Obama ’s victory , as stock prices fell , radio host and ideological commissar Rush Limbaugh exclaimed that we were already in the “ Obama recession . ”
In fact , the economy had been shrinking for nearly a year by then , and the market was responding to bad economic news rather than the election result .
But facts are inconvenient for propaganda — especially when politicians and pundits are seeking to escape blame for policies that have failed .
Among the boldest perpetrators of this con game over the past few decades is Limbaugh , who shares with his fellow Republicans a peculiar method of timing the blame for economic woe .
When he was flacking for the first President Bush back in 1992 , he wrote : “ The worst economic period in the last 50 years was under Jimmy Carter , which led to the 1981 - 82 recession , a recession more punishing than the current one . ”
But of course the president during the 1982 recession was not named Carter ; that president was the sainted Ronald Reagan .
In January 1981 , Reagan took the oath , and within his first three months had rammed through a budget that contained his historic “ supply - side ” tax cuts .
Reagan budget director David Stockman had created computer simulations supposedly showing that those tax cuts would result in 5 percent growth in gross domestic product during the following year .
Years later , when simulation failed to materialize as reality , Stockman referred cynically to that prediction as the “ rosy scenario ” — and admitted that it was essentially a fraud .
Contrary to the rosy scenario , 1982 was the worst year since the Great Depression , with negative growth of 2.2 percent .
According to conservative theory , the mere announcement of massive tax cuts for the rich by a Republican president ought to have stimulated euphoria in the markets and rapid growth .
And according to that same theory , as explicated by Limbaugh , the prospect of a Democratic president with a progressive agenda was what drove the markets down last autumn .
But there is a double standard at work here .
When a Democrat is elected president , he is responsible for economic contraction even if he will not be inaugurated for three months .
When a Republican is actually president , he need not be held responsible , even well after he takes office .
If that strikes you as inconsistent , then you are beginning to notice how blatant deception passes for conservative ideology .
But the deception is even worse than it appears at first glance .
The same Republicans in Congress and on the radio who lionize the late Reagan now complain bitterly about the tax increases on the wealthy in President Obama ’s budget .
What they never mention is that their conservative idol , faced with the recession that they blamed on his predecessor , likewise raised taxes during an economic slump .
Terrified by the looming deficits that resulted from the supply - side tax cuts , the Reagan administration rolled back many of the cuts just a year after they had passed — instituting what then amounted to the largest tax increase in American history .
Those tax hikes took back about a third of the cuts legislated in 1981 .
But that historic tax increase is never mentioned when Republican legislators invoke Reagan — and they still love to blame Carter for their hero ’s recession .
So even as critics roast President Obama and his treasury secretary , honesty requires that they acknowledge that the problems faced by Obama and Timothy Geithner are not of their making .
Obama has held office only since Jan. 20 — and if held to the Reagan standard , he deserves at least a year to begin correcting the Bush recession .
Joe Conason writes for The New York Observer .
Dramatic footage showing the alleged perpetrators of Tuesday 's audacious attack on the Sri Lankan cricket team making their getaway was released by a Pakistani news channel last night .
The grainy images , captured by four CCTV cameras minutes after the ambush , show the gunmen strolling calmly through the back streets of Liberty Market just before 9am .
In one sequence , three of the men walk down a narrow , deserted street , carrying heavy bags and with weapons slung over their shoulders .
They then mount a waiting motorcycle and speed away .
Yesterday , police released " wanted " posters bearing sketches of the suspects .
Up to 14 masked gunmen took part in the attack on the Sri Lankan team 's tour bus at the Liberty Square roundabout in the heart of Lahore .
They opened fire on the bus , killing a driver and six police officers escorting the Sri Lankans .
Six players and two assistant coaches were wounded .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
President Asif Ali Zardari has vowed the attackers will be caught and punished " with iron hands " , but as detectives searched for clues to the whereabouts of the fugitives , the Lahore police commissioner Khusro Pervez confessed there had been " major security lapses " .
There was also confusion yesterday as officials made contradictory claims about the arrests so far .
Mr Pervez said " some suspects " had been detained but that was denied by another senior officer .
Meanwhile , the Punjab government offered a 10 million rupee ( £ 88,000 ) reward for information leading to the gunmen .
The Foreign Minister , Shah Mehmood Qureshi , said officials were pursuing " important leads " and the government had " constituted a special team of investigators " .
Opposition MPs and many in the Pakistani media have seized on the government 's floundering and accused it of glaring intelligence failures .
The Sri Lankan team agreed to tour Pakistan after being assured they would receive security equal to that given to the President .
Instead , the authorities failed to take crucial measures to protect the squad .
Their bus was accompanied by only two police vans , when it should have been boxed in on all four sides .
Only the windscreen was bullet - proofed , and the driver was using the same vehicle and following the same route from the team 's hotel to the cricket ground for the third day in a row .
No attempt was made to block traffic or line the route with police .
" There was no outer cordon , " Mr Pervez admitted .
" When they were escorted , the [ police ] vehicles used were not the appropriate vehicles . "
The numerous failings fuelled speculation that the attack might have been , at least in part , an " inside job " .
In previous terror attacks in Pakistan , the perpetrators appeared to have considerable intelligence about their targets .
Car bombers have struck at army and anti-terror police headquarters in the past two years without the slightest hindrance .
The commando - style raid in Liberty Square drew comparisons with last November 's attacks in Mumbai , India , which were blamed on the Pakistan - based Lashkar - e - Toiba group and other jihadist organisations which were deployed as proxies by the army to fight in Indian - administered Kashmir .
The government has so far declined to acknowledge the possibility that Pakistani militants might have been involved .
Rehman Malik , the chief interior ministry adviser , has claimed " a foreign hand " lay behind the attack on the cricketers – which has been widely interpreted as pointing the finger at neighbouring India .
Some Pakistani newspapers have suggested that the Indian intelligence service was involved , while others have urged Pakistani leaders to shed their differences and unite in a common effort to tame rising militancy and terrorism .
" Politicians need to wake up , bury the hatchet in the national good and rout the real enemy , " said an editorial in the English - language daily , Dawn .
In Lahore yesterday , a stream of mourners gathered at the scene of the attack to lay flowers near a sign saluting the bravery of a slain traffic police officer , Tanveer Iqbal .
All About Ant Control in Phoenix Unlike termite control , ant control is included in all our regularly scheduled prest control service plans .
As with most pests , ant control is accomplished through a combination of sanitation , cultural practices and responsible use of pesticide by a licensed technician .
The goal is to kill the entire colony without " splitting " the colony .
Colony splitting usually occurs when using the wrong products and not treating colony itself .
Many homeowners attempting ant control have experienced " more ants " after attempting to solve the problem themselves .
If you are facing an ant problem , call Preventive for a comprehensive and proven method of killing ants and keeping them out of your home and yard .
Health / Safety Concerns Native Fire
Ants possess a powerful sting and should be avoided by people and pets .
If you notice Ants of any species call Preventive Pest Control , in most cases we can respond within 24 hours ( usually same day ) to eliminate the danger and help with pest control service .
When ants contaminate any food product , it is best to dispose of that food ( including pet food ) .
Serving Phoenix , we have you covered .
Helpful Tips
Store all perishable food in a sealed plastic container , store all pet food in sealed plastic containers .
Wipe countertops and sweep floors regularly , leaving pet food out will attract ants .
Grass , pavers and pool decks are well known ant habitats and will be regularly treated by your Preventive Pest Technician , your go - to pest control , family owned company serving Phoenix .
All About Cockroach Pest Control in Phoenix
Like bed bugs and termite control , control of Cockroaches starts with proper identification .
For example , the American Roach ( or sewer roach ) is more easily controlled than the more common German cockroach .
That said , all cockroaches are survivors , constantly reproducing and masters of hiding in the most inaccessible places making the Cockroach a challenging adversary .
At Preventive , serving Phoenix , we have developed a multi- pronged approach dedicated to eliminating cockroach from your home .
Our initial pest control service includes vacuuming hot spots ( under and behind refrigerator , stove and dishwasher ) to kill active roaches and remove oothecas ( egg sacs ) treating inside plumbing voids and under appliances with the latest products and techniques .
Two follow - up pest control service treatments are timed to coincide with the reproductive cycle of adults , thus killing any newborn roaches .
Roach Monitor , trapping devices , and baits are strategically placed to finish off the population .
In many cases , sealing entry points will be required , caulking holes where pipes pass through a wall may be necessary in the kitchen , bathroom , and other areas of the house in order to control German Cockroaches .
Exploding Populations German cockroaches produce a large number of eggs per ootheca ( about 35 eggs ) and they undergo the shortest time from hatching until sexual maturity , resulting in a rapid population growth .
The length of the egg stage varies from 14 to 35 days , with six to seven nymphal stages ( instars ) occurring over a period of 6 to 31 weeks .
The life span of the adult female varies from 20 to 30 weeks , she will produce nearly 400 eggs in her lifetime , THAT'S JUST ONE FEMALE .
In one year over 10,000 descendants can be produced , assuming two generations per year .
Serving Phoenix , we can help you this exploding population .
Health Hazards German cockroaches produce odorous secretions , when cockroach populations are high , these secretions may result in a foul odor in the general region of the infestation .
Disease - producing organisms such as bacteria , protozoans , and viruses have been found on cockroach bodies .
Different forms of gastroenteritis ( food poisoning , dysentery , diarrhea , and other illnesses ) appear to be the principal diseases transmitted by German cockroaches .
The organisms causing these diseases are carried on the legs and bodies of cockroaches and are deposited on food and utensils as the roaches forage .
Cockroach excrement and cast skins also contain a number of allergens to which many people exhibit allergic responses , such as skin rashes , watery eyes and sneezing , congestion of nasal passages , and asthma .
How You Can Help
It is difficult to keep cockroaches from entering your home via boxes , grocery bags , suitcases , and the like , but you can take steps to prevent a serious problem .
A key factor in prevention is sanitation .
Clean up all spilled foods , including crumbs on the floor .
Do not leave dirty dishes overnight .
Store items such as cereal , crackers , cookies , flour , sugar , and bread in airtight sealed containers .
Empty garbage each evening into a sturdy container with a tightly fitted lid .
Structural modifications such as caulking holes in walls where pipes pass through are necessary in the kitchen , bathroom , and other areas of the house in order to control German cockroaches .
Serving Phoenix all year long , have Preventive Pest Control , a family owned company , come out and help you with your pest problems .
Bee Pest Control in Phoenix With Preventive Pest Control you are able to protect everyone in your home be it family or from any type of stinging insect .
This is by way of building a pest barricade surrounding your home or office property .
Even though it is not possible to prevent say a stinging insect such as a bee , wasp or even yellow jackets from accessing your compound , you are not helpless from limiting exposure to them , and our pest control service can help .
Pest control companies can go a long way in protecting your home .
Stinging insects such as bees and wasps tend to live in solitude but as for breeds such as honeybees , and bumblebees , paper wasps as well as yellow jackets and the hornets tend to live in tightly knit colonies .
Their survival mechanisms involve stinging their prey which effectively renders them incapacitated keeping their hives safe from potential dangers .
There are cases whereby they may set out on a full - blown attack on humans , upon feeling threatened .
However , on a lighter note , they rarely sting unless you disturb them .
Regardless of the low levels of risk attacks , it is estimated that approximately 500,000 residents in the U.S are hospitalized annually as a result of being stung by insects .
A common occurrence of attacks is during summer which is when they are usually out looking for food and in -acting on pollination to take them through winter .
A Reminder of Being Stung -
There are individuals who upon being stung get an allergic reaction with every specie having its own unique toxin that reacts differently depending on the immune system of an individual 's that is capable of creating severe reactions in the following ways .
Our Preventive Measures -
For honeybees , which are known to be necessary pollinators are considered to be particularly valuable hence the reason they are reared .
They so valuable such that to preserve them their nests are relocated to safer environments .
Given the variance of solutions in accordance to their unique cases such as harboring in various places in homes , Preventive Pest Control provides the right kind of solution in relocating their nests at a safe distance from your property .
As far as pest control companies go , we know how to do it right .
Serving Phoenix all year long .
Renewed fears for the world economy pushed the London stock market sharply lower again yesterday and placed it firmly on track for one of its worst weeks in history .
Analysts and traders have begun to talk about a " second leg " to the recession – with an acceleration of the pace of decline rather than any stabilisation .
The FTSE 100 index of leading shares finished down 113.7 points at 3,512.09 , a fresh six - year low .
Although less dramatic than Monday 's panicky movements , the cumulative 8.5 per cent - plus drop in equity values over 48 hours is among the market 's half - dozen worst performances of modern times .
The London stock market has seen 10 per cent of its value wiped away since Friday 's opening .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Comments by the US Federal Reserve chairman , Ben Bernanke , that the world could face the possibility of a " prolonged episode of economic stagnation " failed to lift spirits on either side of the Atlantic .
The White House economic adviser Christina Romer said that US first - quarter output was looking " pretty lousy " .
On Wall Street , a day of gyrations left the Dow Jones Industrial Average down 0.6 per cent at 6,726 .
The Dow is more than 50 per cent off its record high of 14,164.53 set in October 2007 .
The S&P 500 ended below the key pschological level of 700 for the first time since October 1996 , falling 0.6 per cent to 696.3 .
Mr Bernanke 's downbeat contribution came after more grim news on the US economy : home sales down another 7.7 per cent on the year , much worse than the markets had anticipated .
However , grim as the American situation may be , there seems little chance that the UK will escape its destiny at the bottom of the international league table for growth among the major advanced economies this year .
The Chartered Institute of Purchasing and Supply published its latest survey of the construction industry – and it plumbed new depths .
Confidence in the building trade – comprising about 6 per cent of the economy – has hit a fresh record low , and has slumped at an even faster rate than has been seen in recent months .
On Monday , the Cips published similar findings about the state of manufacturing ( some 15 per cent of the economy ) with a worrying lack of evidence that exports are showing any response to the 25 per cent decline in the value of sterling since mid 2007 .
In the case of the construction industry , the sickness seems to have spread from the private housebuilding sector to the ( until now ) relatively healthy civil engineering and commercial areas , where confidence has hit rock bottom .
The Cips surveys are a reliable leading indicator of where real GDP usually goes , and they are tentatively pointing to a UK growth figure for the first three months of 2009 even worse than than in the last quarter of 2008 , when the British economy shrank by 1.5 per cent .
The Nationwide Consumer Confidence index , up slightly on last month , may be seen as little more than a blip in this context .
Meanwhile , the CBI has repeated its calls for the Government to speed up the implementation of the various support packages announced in recent months .
They said the availability of credit to business has " continued to deteriorate " and they expect credit conditions to remain " difficult " .
The director general of the CBI , Richard Lambert , called on ministers to consider funding an investment corporation , like the Industrial and Commercial Finance Corporation created in 1945 , to provide finance to small and medium - sized companies .
Having weathered the earlier part of the downturn last year relatively well , oil and mining stocks came under renewed attack after remarks from the IMF about a depressed long - term outlook for oil and other commodity prices .
The fund 's managing director , Dominique Strauss - Kahn , said it sees a " serious risk " of a contraction in the global economy this year and will probably cut its 0.5 per cent growth estimate in April .
The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development 's secretary general , Angel Gurria , echoed his view : " The still unfolding global crisis and recession is deepening " .
Romania said yesterday it was considering turning to the IMF for emergency aid , as fellow EU members Hungary and Latvia already have .
Investors doubt these nations ' ability to fund yawning trade gaps as supplies of regular credit dry up .
Gov. David A. Paterson on Thursday will announce plans to introduce legislation to legalize same - sex marriage , according to people with knowledge of the governor ’s plans .
Mr. Paterson ’s move , which he first signaled last week after Vermont became the fourth state to allow gay and lesbian couples to wed , reflects the governor ’s desire to press the issue with lawmakers in Albany as other states move ahead with efforts to grant more civil rights to homosexuals .
The action in Vermont , where state legislators overrode Gov. Jim Douglas ’s veto of a bill legalizing same - sex marriage , came less than a week after the Iowa Supreme Court granted same - sex couples the right to marry .
Mr. Paterson has said in recent days that the State Legislature should move ahead now with the legislation regardless of whether it can muster enough votes .
His reasoning , which some gay rights advocates have challenged , is that New York should make a statement that it is committed to treating same - sex couples the same way it treats opposite - sex couples .
The announcement will take place at 10 a.m. on Thursday at Mr. Paterson ’s office in Midtown Manhattan , said people who were briefed on the governor ’s plans but who asked not to be identified because they did not want to upstage the governor .
The fact that Mr. Paterson is introducing a bill does not , however , mean that action in the Legislature is imminent .
It could take months — even longer — before the bill makes its way through the appropriate committees and onto the floor of the Senate and the Assembly .
“ This is not a guarantee of anything , ” said Assemblyman Micah Z. Kellner , a Democrat from the Upper East Side who noted that it took two months for legislation legalizing same - sex marriage to get through the Assembly in 2007 before it ultimately stalled .
The Senate never acted on the bill .
The legislation is likely to have an especially bumpy ride in the Senate , where more lawmakers oppose same - sex marriage than support it .
Gay rights advocates are now actively seeking more senators , both Democrats and Republicans , to vote for the bill .
While Mr. Paterson has said he would like to see lawmakers “ fight it out ” and debate the bill on the floor of both houses even if it fails , Albany tradition dictates that the bill is likely to come to a vote only when it has enough support to pass .
Senator Thomas K. Duane , a Democrat and the bill ’s chief supporter in the Senate , has said he opposes the governor ’s notion of fast - tracking it .
And the Senate majority leader , Malcolm A. Smith , has said he would bring the bill to the floor when it has enough support .
The same - sex bill Mr. Paterson plans to introduce is the same piece of legislation that former Gov. Eliot Spitzer introduced in 2007 , said Assemblyman Daniel J. O’Donnell .
The Assembly passed it by 24 votes , 85 to 61 , a wider margin than expected .
Mr. O’Donnell said there was some discussion among lawmakers , gay rights lobbyists and the governor ’s office about whether the legislation should include any new language that would , for example , allow city clerks to refuse to marry same - sex couples .
But Mr. O’Donnell said that the decision was made to leave the bill as is .
“ Whether or not the bill should be amended is a political question , ” he said , “ but it is a political question that would take more time than it ’s worth to resolve .
So we decided to leave it . ”
Yes , e-books and phones are awesome -- but there are plenty of other applications for E - Ink tech out there , and Phosphor has been selling its analog / digital combo E - Ink wristwatches for a while now .
The company 's now adding to that stable with a line of curved - display models available in your choice of leather , rubber , and stainless steel bracelets and one of two faces ; one can be toggled between a large digit and graphical view of the time , while the other offers an always - on monthly calendar and a smaller time display up top .
Prices start at $ 175 for the new designs and hit streets now -- and stay tuned , because we 'll be giving away a few of 'em !
We 've had a chance to play with the watches , and the displays are as clear and crisp as E - Ink units we 've seen ; ultimately , we 'd like to see what they could do with a matrix display , but segmented is a welcome first step .
The models feel solid and well - built ( the stainless steel versions , in particular , are pleasantly weighty on the wrist ) and we get the impression that you could pass them off in virtually any social situation without the awkward " holy cow , you 're a geek of epic proportion " moments .
Click on through to the gallery to see both face styles and all four bracelets in action .
One of the big cliches about Indian elections is that “ the educated middle - class ” voters do not come out to vote because they do not find the kind of candidate they can relate with .
And that the moment they do , our world will be transformed .
That cliche was kinda essentially reduced to bull shit on toast last week when just 44.73 % of voters came to the booths in “ highly literate ” Bangalore South where besides the outgoing BJP MP , three people of pedigree — a young US - returned Congress candidate with a software spouse ; a respected college professor standing on the JDS ticket ; and an Air Force man who set up India ’s first low - cost airline standing as an independent — were on offer .
But this middle - class apathy is neither new nor surprising .
BHAMY V. SHENOY with IIT on his resume , a long career in the oil industry in the United States , an established record as a consumer activist in Mysore , has twice stood for the Karnataka assembly elections : once in 1989 and then in 1994 .
The first time he won a grand total of 550 votes ; the second time he was four times as lucky , getting 2,260 votes .
In 1994 , when the average turnout in the State was 65 % , Shenoy ’s “ literate ” constituency recorded 52 % .
Here ’s his story which gives us more than an inkling of what is in store for Captain G.R. Gopinath , Mallika Sarabhai , Meerah Sanyal and other do - gooders of their ilk at the hands of “ the educated middle - class ” in the 15th general elections .
***
By BHAMY V. SHENOY
My own experience of contesting the election from the Chamaraja constituency of Mysore City as an independent candidate and losing the election by a big margin proves my hypothesis that Indian voters are not interested in elections , do not care who wins and often do not even know whom they are voting for .
One retired Karnataka Administrative Service ( KAS ) official who wanted to vote for me changed his mind at the last minute to vote for a candidate because , on his way to the polling booth , that candidates people gave him his voting registration number !
In my constituency , there were eight major slum areas and the votes there were controlled by petty feudal lords , usually small time politicians .
They are not influenced by what the policy of liberalisation is doing to the economy , whether poor are getting kerosene regularly , whether the condition of roads is good or in what way the reservation policy will affect our educational institutions in the long run .
They are swayed by how much money they will get or what position they can secure after the election .
I was hopeful that their votes would be more than neutralized by the active participation of literate and educated voters in my constituency .
But my hopes were belied .
I had contested in the assembly election in 1989 also from the same constituency and secured just 550 votes .
This time I could get 2,260 votes .
The surprising thing was that even many of my supporters were shocked by my defeat .
When I contested the election in 1989 , I was not known in the city .
I had returned from the US in 1987 where I had stayed for more than 22 years .
But in 1994 , the situation was entirely different .
With the help of many leading intellectuals , scientists , professionals , retired army officials and bureaucrats , I had taken interest in solving every significant problem faced by the citizens in Mysore .
During the campaign I did not want to match my political opponents in terms of spending money .
While they spent any where from Rs 7 lakh to Rs 20 lakh ( despite the much publicized observance of the model code of conduct of T.N. Seshan ) , I spent less than Rs. 14,000 .
But with the help of friends , we were able to visit more than 30,000 houses and talk to more than 70,000 people .
We did not just ask them for votes .
We spent some time in each house and discussed the problems faced by them .
Thousands of voters had promised to vote in my favour after understanding why I was contesting .
If just 50 % had kept their promise , I would have easily won .
As a part of the campaign , I had published a booklet Decline and Fall of Mysore : Who is Responsible ?
I was able to sell more than 3,500 copies of that booklet .
Some who read that booklet voluntarily came forward to help me in the campaign .
The message in that booklet was clear .
Unless literate and educated people take interest in politics , we can not improve living conditions in city .
Eighty percent of the voters in my constituency were literate and between 40 per cent and 50 per cent were readers of newspapers and reasonably well informed .
My strategy was to concentrate on this literate body and to take my message to them .
I also spent a lot of my time with members of Rotary , Lions and Round Table clubs , industrialists , employees of leading industries , shopkeepers , educationists , medical and engineering students among others .
This is after all the segment of the society which is capable of understanding how professional politicians are duping them and this is also the segment of the society whom , purportedly , I could easily communicate with and convince of the need to bring about a revolution in our political system .
I was obviously wrong in my assumption .
A shopkeeper was frank enough to admit that if we really root our corruption he would not be able to earn his living !
For the sake of argument and to show others how moral we are , many of us may talk against the present corrupt system .
But many of our traders and industrialists have learnt the art of managing the system and continuing to make money .
They may even agitate for unification of taxes and show anger against the political system which is bringing all kinds of irrational rules and regulations .
But in the final say , they prefer a system where they can bribe and manage rather than one where the rule of law prevails .
When the average percentage of voting in the whole of Karnataka was around 65 % , my constituency which has among the highest percentage of literate people managed to post the lowest percentage of voting : 52 per cent !
In other words , our literate class which should be able to vote taking into consideration the merits of the candidates did not even bother to perform their duty and betrayed their city .
There was greater participation of voters from slum areas rather than from better neighborhoods .
I was hoping that since the literate class is fully familiar with the lack of a well - defined election agenda on the part of political parties and lack of determination to implement what little they have , not only they would canvass for me but would publicly come forward and endorse my candidacy .
But for a handful of well known Mysoreans others were hesitant to come forward to support me publicly .
Most of the leading intellectuals had privately assured me that I could depend upon their support and votes .
Ironically most of those who had publicly supported me could not finally vote for me because their names were missing from the voters list .
Is this just accidental or is there a sinister design ?
I also observed another interesting phenomenon during my campaign .
While all the people living in slum areas were registered , many people especially ( the principal of a medical college and a retired judge to name just two ) who had transferable jobs often are not registered .
The attitude expressed by some sympathisers of the Bharatiya Janata Party clearly shows how immature we are as far as democracy is considered .
Some of them did not even know who the BJP candidate was but that did not bother them .
A few even told me that they would vote for the BJP even if the candidate was worthless .
Some of them assured me the vote after hearing my name .
They had assumed that I was the BJP candidate .
Even many educated voters did not know what was expected of their legislators .
One doctor assured me of her vote if I could get two dustbins by the side of her house .
Another housewife wanted my assistance that once elected I should come and clear the garbage in front of her house .
Many were going to vote for certain candidates because they had received certain favours like getting admission for their children , or sites .
Very few were aware that a legislator should try to bring about a systemic change by enacting the right kind of legislation so that all are benefited , so that the rights of minorities are protected , so that society as a whole prospers .
With one exception , all newspapers completely ignored my candidacy .
Even when I was prepared to pay , one newspaper was hesitant to accept my advertisement and I had to make many calls before I could buy space .
No newspaper bothered to find out and publish what the stands of different candidates on various important issues were .
When a candidate - public meet was held for the first time and many professional politicians could not answer questions from the public properly , only one newspaper bothered to cover this important experiment .
The most significant revelation newspapers could make was that voters would vote along caste lines !.
If that was indeed the case , being the only prominent Brahmin candidate from my constituency , where there are more than 20000 , Brahmins , I should have got many more votes .
BEIJING -- Prime Minister Wen Jiabao said Beijing 's stimulus measures are helping consumer spending and growth , and while he warned of some " prolonged difficulties " as the financial crisis spreads , foreign auto makers and other manufacturers already are seeing an unexpected rebound in sales in China .
The resilience of Chinese spending contrasts with sharp cutbacks by American and European consumers , and may help China recover faster from the financial crisis .
Mr ....
ACHIEVEMENT : Buzz Aldrin makes his moonwalk
While Neil Armstrong ’s immortal lines “ One small step for man , one giant leap for mankind ” have entered history , 233 other words , written for a tragedy that everyone hoped would never happen , were consigned to an archive and forgotten until now .
They are contained in a typed memo from President Richard Nixon ’s speechwriter , Bill Safire , to White House chief of staff Harry Haldeman , dated July 18 , 1969 – two days before the landing was due .
Chillingly entitled “ In the event of Moon disaster ” , the stark message brings home just how dangerous the mission was .
If Armstrong and Edwin “ Buzz ” Aldrin had been stranded on the Moon , unable to return to Michael Collins ’s orbiting Apollo 11 command ship , Nixon would have called their widows then addressed a horror - struck nation .
“ Fate has ordained that the men who went to the Moon to explore in peace will stay on the Moon to rest in peace , ” he would have told the watching millions .
These brave men know there is no hope for their recovery but they also know that there is hope for mankind in their sacrifice .
“ These two men are laying down their lives in mankind ’s most noble goal : the search for truth and understanding .
“ They will be mourned by their families and friends ; they will be mourned by their nation ; they will be mourned by the people of the world ; they will be mourned by a Mother Earth that dared send two of her sons into the unknown .
“ In their exploration , they stirred the people of the world to feel as one ; in their sacrifice , they bind more tightly the brotherhood of man . ”
The President would have added : “ In ancient days , men looked at stars and saw their heroes in the constellations .
In modern times , we do much the same but our heroes are epic men of flesh and blood .
Others will follow and surely find their way home .
Man ’s search will not be denied but these men were the first and they will remain the foremost in our hearts . ”
And in an allusion to Rupert Brooke ’s First World War poem The Soldier , his concluding lines were to be : “ For every human being who looks up at the Moon in the nights to come will know that there is some corner of another world that is forever mankind . ”
It seems that the Obama administration is beginning to show it means business .
This reader helps relieve some of my ignorance :
There is a very simple reason why we have to pretend that Israel does not possess nuclear weapons - the Non Proliferation Treaty .
Under the treaty and US law , a non-signatory to the treaty ( such as Israel ) who acquires nuclear weapons is prohibited from receiving any foreign aid or military aid ( the last estimates I saw were that Israel receives about a quarter of the US 's entire foreign aid budget , and half of our foreign military aid budget ) .
So there you go .
Interesting .
I should repeat I have no problem with Israel having a nuclear capacity .
If I were Israel I 'd like that too .
But that surely requires openness to other nuclear powers in the region .
But I had no idea that military aid to Israel is strictly speaking illegal - or somehow requires being on the nuclear DL .
More background here and here .
The US was partly responsible for this strange situation , and some Israelis think it 's stupid as well .
This issue may well return to prominence in the months ahead .
By the way : what do you think is scarier ?
A nuclear Islamist Iran or a nuclear Islamist Pakistan ?
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
The main chemical in marijuana appears to aid in the destruction of brain cancer cells , offering hope for future anti-cancer therapies , researchers in Spain wrote in a study released Thursday .
The authors from the Complutense University in Madrid , working with scientists from other universities , found that the active component of marijuana , tetrahydrocannabinol ( THC ) , causes cancer cells to undergo a process called autophagy — the breakdown that occurs when the cell essentially self - digests .
The research , which appears in the April edition of US - published Journal of Clinical Investigation , demonstrates that THC and related “ cannabinoids ” appear to be “ a new family of potential antitumoral agent . ”
The authors wrote that the chemical may prove useful in the development of future “ antitumoral agents . ”
The scientists conducted their research on mice , first stimulating the growth of cancer in the lab animals , then injecting them with a daily dose of THC near the site of their tumors .
The researchers also analyzed the tumors of two patients in an experimental trial looking at the effects of THC on a highly aggressive form of brain tumor , and saw findings “ in line with the preclinical evidence ” first observed in the laboratory mice .
– Article from Agence France - Presse .
Broncos owner Pat Bowlen released a statement Tuesday saying both he and McDaniels had been unable to get Cutler to call them back during the past 10 days .
Bowlen said he spoke with Cutler 's agent , Bus Cook , on Tuesday and came away convinced " that Jay no longer has any desire to play for the Denver Broncos . "
Therefore , Bowlen said , " We will begin discussions with other teams in an effort to accommodate his request to be traded . "
Cook did n't immediately return messages left by The Associated Press , and McDaniels , through a team spokesman , declined to comment .
" Jay is never going to play for that team again , " a source told ESPN.com 's Bill Williamson on Tuesday .
" It is a trust issue .
He could never trust McDaniels again .
It 's over . "
Cutler , reached by the Denver Post for reaction to Bowlen 's statement , responded in a text message : " I 'm not talking about it . "
The Post reported that according to a source , Cutler had been planning on attending the Broncos ' April 17 - 19 minicamp , and even had his car shipped to Denver from Nashville , where he has been staying .
The Post also reported that according to the source , Cutler said he has not received any calls from the team since texting McDaniels last week .
Cutler has been unhappy ever since learning that McDaniels failed to inform him about trade talks in which the Broncos showed interest in Matt Cassel .
Cassel wound up being traded by New England to Kansas City , and Cutler asked to be traded .
Still , McDaniels had faith he could repair the strained relationship with his temperamental quarterback -- if only he could get him to call him back .
On Tuesday , he became convinced that just was n't going to happen .
When told the owner was going to try to trade his franchise quarterback , linebacker Spencer Larsen said , " It 's shocking .
It did n't seem like he was going anywhere .
This is the worst - case scenario . "
Cutler skipped McDaniels ' first team meeting in mid-March and the first 2½ weeks of the Broncos ' offseason conditioning program , forfeiting a $ 100,000 workout bonus .
Cutler is halfway through the six - year , $ 48 million contract he signed as the 11th overall pick out of Vanderbilt in the 2006 draft .
He 's 17 - 20 as Broncos starter , although that 's misleading because of Denver 's dismal defense .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
For 15 years , Ireland 's economy boomed , but today it is the country most severely hit by recession in the Eurozone .
Every five minutes , a job is lost .
When the property bubble burst , Irish banks had to pay the price .
In Limerick , computer giant Dell is shedding 1900 jobs , closing its plant and moving to Poland .
Ireland 's deputy prime minister presents students with business awards , but with unemployment at 8 % , students are worried about their future .
The government is about to take some unpopular decisions - Irish tax payers will soon be handed a large bill .
The French took to the streets for far less ; how the Irish respond remains to be seen .
The Windulum
New energy from wind sustained by gravity .
Scalable , low cost , zero maintenance .
One moving part .
Simple , economical , clean and green .
It started out as just another Thanksgiving Day stomachache , a nagging pain that sharpened until it reverberated from California halfway around the world .
When the ache in her lower right abdomen became excruciating , the twentysomething woman was rushed to a surgery center , where the doctor diagnosed a ruptured appendix .
The woman needed an operation -- fast .
But before the surgeon could wheel her into the operating theater , he had to find out whether the patient ’s insurance company would pay .
That meant paperwork :
An examination report had to be dictated , typed up and submitted to her insurer for approval .
So while the woman waited in agony , her doctor dialed an 800 number .
An electronically perky voice invited the surgeon to press 2 if he was ready to start .
Advertisement
The instant he hung up a few minutes later , a digitized recording raced through fiber - optic cables on the Pacific Ocean seabed and into a computer server on the 17th floor of a Manila office tower , where medical school graduate Dinah Barrete was working the graveyard shift .
Ear - bud headphones plugged in , she tapped a pedal to start the doctor ’s voice file and began typing .
Her transcription of his report was on its way to him via the Internet in 15 minutes , as quickly as though the work had been done just down the hall , but much cheaper .
So goes the global traffic in Americans ’ intimate health information .
In a startling illustration of the life - or - death decisions involving low - paid workers thousands of miles away in today ’s globalized world , Americans ’ most personal details move 24 hours a day as U.S. healthcare providers outsource billions of lines of transcription work each year to offices across Asia in a bid to cut the massive cost of medical bureaucracy .
Advertisement
“ It ’s a cyberspace miracle every time it ’s done , ” said Fred J. Kumetz , a Beverly Hills lawyer who founded and runs EData Services , one of the biggest companies transcribing U.S. medical records in the Philippines .
From dictated summaries of routine checkups to complete recordings of conversations between surgeons and nurses in operating theaters , the foreign workers are transforming the digital audio files into the documents that tell Americans ’ medical histories .
Most of the work is done for 10 to 15 cents a line in less than 24 hours .
But the cost can be 300 times that for “ stat , ” or immediate , orders , such as when a doctor needs a transcript of an emergency medical team ’s radio report before its helicopter lands with a patient .
Regardless of the price , the process is largely the same .
Audio files dispatched across the Internet are transcribed and the text is fired back to the U.S. to meet government demands for a shift to electronic medical records .
Advertisement
Before broadband connections made it easy to outsource office work in the 1990s , Americans typed out medical records and the cost of healthcare bureaucracy steadily ballooned .
Now thousands of low - paid workers in countries such as India , the Philippines and Pakistan work in offices that never close , churning out massive amounts of U.S. medical records .
Tapping feverishly at keyboards in front of row upon row of computer screens , Asian transcriptionists often strain to understand what American doctors have dictated through phone lines or into digital recorders .
Other typists work under similar pressure to keep up with the demand to transfer decades - old medical documents from paper into computer files to help complete the record - keeping revolution envisaged by President Obama .
Advertisement
--
A big business
The Philippines hopes to reap big profits from his multibillion - dollar push to computerize health records .
The business of transcribing American medical files employed 34,000 Filipinos and generated $ 476 million in revenue last year , said Ernesto Herrera , a former senator who heads the Trade Union Congress of the Philippines .
He expects the number of transcriptionists to more than triple , and annual billings to jump to more than $ 1.7 billion , by the end of next year .
Advertisement
“ Outsourcing is unavoidable , because the cost in the U.S. is just too high , ” Herrera said .
Filipinos can beat Indians in the race for medical transcription work from the U.S. because , as a former American colony , the Philippines is more familiar with American accents , Herrera said .
This country also has a vast pool of jobless medical workers who need little additional training to take dictation from American doctors , he said .
“ Right now , we have about 400,000 licensed nurses who are unemployed in the Philippines , ” Herrera said .
EData ’s Manila office never closes , and the video camera watching over scores of Filipinos working at computer terminals 24/7 never blinks .
It ’s connected to the Internet so American clients can peep in on the operation whenever they want .
High on one wall , a row of clocks tick off the time in Los Angeles , New York and Denver , as young doctors sit at double - screen computer terminals reviewing Americans ’ medical insurance claims , performing one of EData ’s other specialties .
Advertisement
But most of the workers in the long office are typing records from recorded dictation or conversations that constantly stream into the company ’s computer server .
As they listen , transcriptionists pick up hints of how swamped some American doctors are by medical bureaucracy , which follows them everywhere .
“ We ’ve had a doctor dictate in a zoo , ” said Barrete , a transcriptionist and executive vice president with EData .
“ We could hear the elephant , so where else could she be ? ”
Transcript editors are usually doctors , who sometimes pick up errors in American physicians ’ dictation , even what they suspect are misdiagnoses , as they check for typos .
Unless clients give permission to correct the mistakes , they stay in the text , usually in italics , to make sure the transcript is verbatim , said Danilo Navarro , executive vice president of Xynet Communication Solutions Inc. , which transcribes about 4 million lines of American medical files a month .
The same goes for any cursing , jokes , fishing stories , flirting or the odd “ Oops ! ” that transcriptionists hear in recordings of operating theater chatter , he said .
Advertisement
India takes the largest share of outsourced U.S. medical transcription work .
But it faces growing competition from the Philippines , Pakistan and Caribbean countries as American doctors , hospitals and insurers come under increasing pressure to reduce the cost of keeping records .
--
Jobs for Americans
Outsourcing is n’t expected to harm job prospects for American transcriptionists , because there is so much work to be done , said a report by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics .
About 101,000 Americans were employed as medical transcriptionists in 2002 , according to the bureau .
Most were women , many of them working from home .
By 2006 , the number had dropped to 98,000 as high - speed Internet connections allowed companies to outsource more of the work .
Advertisement
But the bureau estimates that the number of American medical transcriptionists will grow 14 % by 2016 , faster than the average for other jobs .
The median income for American transcriptionists is $ 31,250 a year .
In the Philippines , a fast one paid by the line can earn about $ 6,000 annually , or three times a nurse ’s salary , Herrera said .
The profession ’s stars earn as much as 300 times the regular rate doing the less frequent , but high - pressure , job of transcribing radio traffic between medevac helicopters and hospitals , Navarro said .
Even if new technology automates more transcription , Navarro said , there is a backlog of about 40 years of American medical files waiting to be typed into computer files , work that could keep legions of foreign workers at keyboards for years .
Advertisement
--
Paying by ear
His company also trains transcriptionists and turned out 550 graduates last year .
Training takes six months to two years , but that ’s not fast enough for some firms .
They are so desperate for staff to handle new American clients that they are poaching their competitors ’ best workers .
Transcriptionists with the best ear for accents , or different physicians ’ speaking quirks , are in highest demand , and cause the most disruption when they jump ship .
When doctors are difficult to understand , Navarro assigns people to specialize in transcribing them .
Advertisement
For an especially baffling physician ’s dictation , Navarro has two backup transcriptionists ready in case the lead specialist gets sick .
“ Editors normally cannot do miracles , ” he said .
“ Whenever the production manager sees a challenging file in the queue , he shouts , ‘ OK , Rita , clear your desk .
Dr. X is coming !’ ”
--
paul.watson@latimes.com
Amazon ( AMZN ) is putting an end to what was probably a lucrative side - business for some of its ad partners :
The company will no longer let participants in its affiliate marketing program to take out pay - per- click ads on sites like Google ( GOOG ) .
Here 's how it worked : Amazon 's partners would take out a keyword ad on Google that leads to Amazon for a dollar per click or so , and if someone uses that ad as to actually complete an Amazon purchase , there could be an upside of a few bucks on the spread .
No longer : Amazon is giving its partners until May 1 to take down the ads or have their participation in the associates program terminated .
The quantity of ads is probably negligible to Google .
But the plan makes sense for Amazon :
The e-tailer can determine which keywords ads are working , and can improve its margins by taking out the middleman .
.-
At his first General Audience of this Easter Season , Pope Benedict XVI said before more than 30,000 people that Christians must forcefully proclaim Jesus ' Resurrection as “ a real historical event , borne out by many authoritative witnesses . ”
" The astonishing novelty of the Resurrection is so important that the Church never ceases to proclaim it , perpetuating its memory , especially on Sundays , the Lord 's Day and the weekly Easter of the people of God , " explained the Pope , who traveled to the Vatican by helicopter from his residence in Castel Gandolfo .
Instead of a far away , mythical story , we must proclaim Jesus ' Resurrection as “ a real historical event , borne out by many authoritative witnesses , ” Pope Benedict insisted .
“ We affirm it forcefully because , even in our own times , there is no lack of people who seek to deny its historical truth , reducing the Gospel narrative to a myth , thus repeating old worn - out theories as if they were new and scientific . "
" Of course , for Jesus the Resurrection was not a simple return to His earlier life on earth , " the Pope continued .
" Rather it was a passage to a profoundly new dimension of life , one that is deeply new , that involves in a new dimension the whole of the human family . "
This new dimension , he added , illuminates “ our entire earthly pilgrimage , including the human enigma of pain and death . ”
“ With St. Augustine we can proclaim : ' The Resurrection of Christ is our hope ' and our future , " the Pope pointed out .
" It is true , " the Pope stated , " Christ 's Resurrection is the foundation of our firm hope and illuminates our entire earthly pilgrimage , including the human enigma of pain and death . ”
Moreover , “ Faith in Christ crucified and risen is the heart of the entire evangelical message , the central nucleus of our ' Creed . ' ”
“ The death of Christ shows that the word of God really and fully became ' flesh ' , human ' history . ' "
" At Easter , " the Holy Father concluded , " God reveals Himself and the power of the Trinitarian love that annihilates the destructive forces of evil and death . ”
“ Let us be enlightened by the splendor of the Risen Lord .
Like Saint Paul who met the Divine Master in an extraordinary fashion on his way to Damascus , we cannot keep to ourselves this truth which changes everyone ’s life .
We must bear witness to divine love . ”
During the general audience people sang “ Happy Birthday ” to Benedict XVI in several languages ( English , French , German , Spanish , Portuguese , Croatian and Italian ) to mark his 82nd birthday , celebrating also the anniversary of his pontificate , which falls on April 19 .
Born to Run Season Episode Overall 2 22 31 John , Ellison , and Sarah head into Zeira Corp Air date April 10 , 2009 Written by Josh Friedman Director Jeffrey Hunt ← Previous " Adam Raised a Cain "
" Born to Run " is the series finale episode of Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles .
The Connors come face - to - face with Catherine Weaver in a confrontation that shakes John to the core and changes his reality .
Nothing will be the same .
Sarah is interrogated by Agent Aulridge as to the whereabouts of John .
He points out the inconsistencies as to how they survived a bank explosion eight years ago ; Sarah claims that John died in the explosion .
She is later visited by Ellison , who had talked his way out of trouble with the FBI and denies tipping off the police .
He suggests that she tell the truth about Skynet but she refuses to , as last time she ended up in a mental hospital for that ; Ellison expresses the possibility that things might be different .
John insists that he rescues his mother but is denied by Cameron , refusing to let him risk his life .
He then asks for a laptop to research if unshielded nuclear power sources can cause cancer .
They are later visited by Chola with fake IDs and a message from Sarah to not come rescue her .
Afterward , Ellison comes , informing them of Weaver 's desire to meet with them .
However , John refuses to do so without Sarah .
The Terminator that was after Savannah Weaver changes objectives to hunting John , having seen Sarah on the news .
He visits a gun shop with the intent of purchasing silencers but the proprietor says that he does n't sell those .
The T - 888 bribes him into being directed to a seller who does .
Once the T - 888 has acquired the silencer , it prepares to capture Sarah .
However , once he kills a guard , Weaver appears .
The Terminator attempts to shoot her but the bullets reveal her liquid metal nature .
She then retaliates by throttling one of her arms against her foe and connected the other to a fuse box , electrocuting the T - 888 .
The priest the Connors met previously , Father Bonilla , is summoned to the jail , who is very skeptical over what he saw with Cameron .
He is trying hard to understand what happened and agrees to help Sarah .
Later , Aulridge expresses belief in Sarah 's story , having gotten several calls from people who confirm that she and John are innocent good people but she is unmoved by this .
He also asks if she knows what happened to Danny Dyson , who was missing for three months .
Cameron begins a single assault on the jail , making several intentional misses at the guards but losing the skin over her left eye in the process .
John
Henry assists her by remotely unlocking all the jail cells , causing a prison breakout .
In the confusion , Sarah escapes and plans to meet with Weaver .
Cameron goes into into the basement of ZeiraCorp to destroy John Henry , but seems hesitant due to his offer to " join us " .
Meanwhile , the Connors meet with Weaver .
She reveals that she knows that John is destined to save humanity and knows about Cameron 's presence downstairs .
Suddenly , the Kaliba HK Drone crashes into the office .
Weaver reveals her true nature to shield the Connors and Ellison and tells them to run .
They get downstairs to John Henry 's room , only to find Cameron 's body in his place , with her chip missing .
Sarah recognizes the Turk and accuses Weaver of creating Skynet ; she denies it , stating that John Henry was meant to be a countermeasure against Skynet .
He has gone into the future , which is where they must go .
Weaver activates the hidden TDE device in the room , so that she could follow John Henry .
She offers Ellison to come with her but he refuses , so she asks that he pick up Savannah from gymnastics .
John impulsively joins her in order to retrieve Cameron 's chip .
Sarah stays behind to try to stop Skynet .
The TDE sphere then envelops John and Weaver .
They then arrive in the future , but not with Cameron 's body .
Weaver quickly creates clothes for herself , but John retrieves a nearby jacket .
Dog barks then start .
Weaver slips away as John meets with a very much alive Derek and Kyle Reese and Cameron 's template , Allison Young .
Agent Auldridge : I know you 've been told this already , but as I am a measure twice , cut once kind of carpenter , I do want to re-iterate that you have the right to an attorney if you are so inclined , and if you are not so inclined , anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law .
( Waits for a response from Sarah ) Not inclined .
Fair enough and noted .
So , here 's where we come down on all this .
Ten years ago , you murdered one Miles Dyson , employee of Cyberdyne .
Long time gone , but the man 's still dead , so we 've got that .
Eight years ago , you and your son and a high school friend of his blow up a bank vault and die in the explosion .
Now , of course you 're still alive , which is inconvenient for many , but the bank 's still blown , so we 've got that .
More recently , and by that I mean Monday , you participated in a fire - fight , leaving five dead and kidnapping one Savannah Weaver , daughter of Catherine Weaver , and citizen of Scotland , making this an incident both federal and international .
Two of the dead were off - duty law enforcement officers , and that usually gets you the needle .
But , in that , I do digress .
Sarah : Agent Auldridge ...
Agent Auldridge : Yeah ...
Sarah :
You 're a funny boy .
Agent Auldridge :
Well , that 's what mom says .
Sarah : I never liked funny boys .
Agent Auldridge : I doubt they like you either , Ms. Connor .
So there 's two ways I can bring your son into custody .
With your help or dead .
Which do you think it should be ?
Sarah : My son ?
Agent Auldridge : Your son , John Connor .
Sarah : John is dead .
Agent Auldridge : I do n't think so .
Sarah :
He died in the bank .
Agent Auldridge : Oh , I do n't think so .
I do n't think anyone died in the bank .
Sarah :
Well , you 're wrong .
Agent Auldridge : Sometimes , but not today .
Not yet .
Think about it .
John :
We should move .
Cameron :
This motel is out of the way .
John :
The desk clerk could have clocked us last night .
Cameron : Relocating within 24 hours of the incident has high risk factors .
This room provides excellent sight lines down the highway .
John :
This is not an incident !
This is my mother !
( Cameron stares at John ) I need a computer .
I need to do research .
Cameron : You want the blueprints for the Los Angeles County Jail .
John : Do I ? Cameron :
So you can plan how to get your mother out .
But , I 'm not going to let you do that , you should know that by now .
John : I do know that by now .
Cameron :
Then what is there to research ?
John : Power sources .
Shielded nuclear power sources .
Cameron : Like mine ?
John : Just like yours .
Cameron : Why ?
John : I wanna know if being around them all the time can give you cancer .
Ellison :
They followed me to the movie theater .
I did n't know , I swear .
I just spent the last four hours convincing them that we were n't in this together .
Sarah : Maybe I should tell them we were .
( Looks at the security camera ) Maybe we were in this together !
Ellison : I just wanted the girl to be safe .
Sarah : So did I. Ellison : From whom ?
Sarah : I do n't know .
Ellison :
You do n't know , or you can't say ?
Sarah : I do n't know , but if I did , I probably could n't say .
Ellison :
They wanna know what you 've been doing for the last ten years .
Sarah :
Why do n't you tell them ?
Ellison : I told them I have no idea what you 've been doing .
What else could I tell them ?
You could tell them .
You can tell them everything you 've been doing .
You can draw them a picture of everything they know and everything you know .
If you 're innocent , you could do that .
Sarah :
Last time I drew a picture , I ended up in a psych ward .
Ellison : Everything 's going to be different now .
Maybe , you got nothing to lose .
Sarah :
So is something to lose .
Ellison : I am sorry for this .
Sarah : Yeah , sure you are .
( Ellison gets up to leave )
Where 's the girl ?
Ellison : Back with her mother .
Where else would a child be ?
Sarah :
She 's not safe .
( Looks at the security camera )
She 's not safe !
Agent Auldridge :
She 's not budging on the son .
Ellison : Maybe she 's telling the truth .
Agent Auldridge : Maybe she 's a liar lacking the proper motivation to tell the truth .
But , she 's got a guilty conscious .
Ellison :
What makes you think that ?
Agent Auldridge : Well , for starters , she 's requested a priest .
Ellison : What ?
Agent Auldridge : Yep .
Man of the cloth , in the flesh , black and white and God all over .
Father Armando Bonilla .
Ring a bell ?
Ellison : No. Agent Auldridge : Ca n't imagine what the connection is .
Ellison :
Ever occur to you that she just might wanna pray ?
Agent Auldridge : Not for a second .
It occurs to me that other than a lawyer , a priest is the only other person she can ask to speak with that we can't listen to .
Sarah : Buenos dias , Father .
Father Bonilla : Buenos dias .
Sarah :
Do you remember me ?
Father Bonilla :
You and your son ... you hid in my church .
There was a problem with your daughter .
At least , that is what you told me .
Sarah : Yeah .
She 's better now .
Father Bonilla :
Where is she ?
Sarah :
She 's in hiding with my son .
I do n't know where .
Father Bonilla :
And they are wanted ?
You have included them in your crimes .
Sarah :
Do you believe in the devil , Father ?
Father Bonilla :
The devil ?
Sarah :
Do you believe in the actual devil ?
Father Bonilla : Something opposes God.
Something tempts man into sin .
Sarah : I do n't know about God or heaven , but I do believe that someone or something wants this world to burn .
The devil , demons .
I believe .
And that day in the church , my daughter ... you saw things , did n't you ?
Father Bonilla : I pray , everyday , to understand what happened that day .
Sarah : I can explain it to you .
I do n't know if you 'll believe me , but I can explain it to you .
And after I 'm done , I 'm gonna ask you to do something for me .
Will you do something for me ?
Ellison :
It 's a bad idea .
I do n't know what you think John knows .
Weaver : I know he was at my house when the attacker showed up .
I want to know why .
His mother thinks he 's a messiah .
I want to know why .
And despite your reluctance to tell me , I surmise that he and his cyborg companion are connected to the John Henry body .
And I want to know why .
Yes , she 's a cyborg .
Do n't pretend you did n't know .
Ellison :
She 's dangerous .
Weaver :
And you think I need protecting .
That 's sweet .
But , do n't ever lie to me again .
Now , about John Connor .
Ellison : I do n't know how to find him .
Weaver : Well I do .
John :
How much weight has she lost ?
You think she has cancer cause she lost weight .
So , how much weight has she lost ?
Cameron : Eleven percent of her mass in the last six weeks .
John :
She was healthy before you showed up .
That 's all I know .
She was healthy .
Cameron :
If my power source was leaking radiation , I would know .
I have sensors for that .
John :
Where are they ?
Cameron :
You can't see them .
John : Heh .
No , of course not .
I just have to trust you on it .
Stuff does go wrong with you , does n't it ?
Stuff breaks , you kill birds , you twitch ... you try to murder me .
You 're not perfect .
You 're a machine .
( John flips through the fake passports Chola gave to him ) Cameron :
What 's wrong ?
The ID 's are flawless .
( She looks as Chola ) They 're flawless .
Chola :
There 's nothing else there .
There 's nothing hidden there .
No secret message there for her escape .
I am to tell you this from your mother .
Leave this place .
As soon as it is safe , leave this place .
Do not think of her .
Do not come for her .
Leave .
( She looks at Cameron ) You are to make sure that he does .
( Chola gets up to leave )
We lose everybody that we love .
John :
She said that ?
Chola : No .
Ellison : Let me repeat .
I had nothing to do with your mother 's arrest .
If I had , there 'd be a SWAT team outside your door right now .
John :
Well , the same thing would happen to the SWAT team as happened to your last one .
Ellison : Catherine Weaver would like to meet you .
John : Why ?
Ellison :
She wants to thank you for saving Savannah .
John :
Well , she just did .
Ellison : Your mother wanted to meet her .
John :
Well , when my mother gets out , trust me , she will .
Ellison : I told Ms. Weaver you 'll never come without your mom .
She said , if that was the case , I 'm supposed to ask one question .
She says I supposed to ask you , ( Ellison looks at Cameron ) will you join us ?
She says she hopes you 'll know what that means .
John :
Do you know what that means ?
Cameron : No , I do n't .
Please leave now , Mr. Ellison .
I think you 've said enough .
Ellison : John ...
Cameron :
You 've said enough , Mr. Ellison .
I wo n't ask you again .
( Ellison gets up and leaves )
He upset you .
John : Me ? I think he upset you .
Cameron :
You know that 's impossible .
John :
Is it ?
Cameron :
You said it yourself , John .
I 'm just a machine .
Agent Auldridge : I believe you .
Sarah :
You believe me what ?
Agent Auldridge : I believe there are machines .
I believe they 've come back from the future to first kill you and then your son .
I believe in time travel , I believe in cyborgs , I believe there 's a world I 've not yet seen , but you have .
And John .
In the last eight hours , I have received 37 calls from people who have met a young man named John Baum , or his sister Cameron , or Sarah Baum the mother .
They now know her to be Sarah Connor .
By all accounts , your son looks 16 and not 24 , just as you look 35 and not 43 .
I believe you have participated in the miraculous and the terrible , and through it all , you have maintained a moral and good soul .
I want to help you .
I want to help your son .
Help me do that .
Sarah :
My son is dead .
( Auldridge closes Sarah 's jail cell ) Agent Auldridge :
Do you know who Danny Dyson is ?
Sarah : Danny ?
Miles Dyson 's son .
Agent Auldridge :
Do you know where he is ?
Sarah : No . Why ?
Agent Auldridge :
He 's been missing for three months .
John :
What 's going on ?
Cameron :
You need to understand how it works .
John : What ?
Cameron :
This chip .
This body .
The software is designed to terminate humans .
The hardware is designed to terminate humans .
That 's our sole function .
John :
Not you .
Cameron : No .
Not anymore .
But , what was there is still there .
It 'll always be there .
John :
So down deep , you wanna kill me .
Cameron : Yes .
I do .
John :
Then why do n't you ?
Cameron : I might some day .
I need to show you something .
This body .
( Cameron takes off her shirt and bra , and lies down on the bed )
Get on top of me .
Put your knee here .
( John gets on top of Cameron .
Cameron pulls out a knife and gives it to John ) Right here .
If I 'm damaged , we should know .
( John cuts into Cameron 's skin ) Reach down , under the breast plate .
There .
What does it feel like ?
John : Cold .
That 's good , right ?
Cameron :
That 's good .
That 's perfect .
John ... it 's time to go .
John : I really wish we were n't here right now .
Sarah : Savannah could tell them we know about Cromartie .
John : John
Henry now .
Sarah : Metal .
If she tells them , they 'll move it .
Maybe they already have .
John :
Well , we 'll know soon enough .
Mom , are you sick ?
Cameron thinks you 're sick .
Sarah :
She does ?
John :
You 've lost weight .
( The elevator opens and Ellison walks out ) ( To Sarah ) I love you .
Ellison : Where 's Cameron ?
Sarah :
In the car .
Ellison :
You expecting trouble ?
Sarah :
No change for the meter .
Ellison :
You 're not armed , are you ?
Sarah : Expecting trouble ?
Ellison : No reason for that .
Weaver : So , why are we here ?
Sarah :
We need ...
Weaver : Let me restate .
We are here , first and foremost , so that I can thank you for your heroism regarding my daughter Savannah .
She 's the light of my life , and I 'd be lost without her .
Sarah :
And where is she ?
Weaver : Let 's assume school .
We have a common enemy .
One we cannot fight with conventional weapons or by conventional means .
Sarah : Kaliba ?
Do n't presume to know Kaliba .
Weaver : I 'm sorry .
I was n't speaking to you .
( Looks at John ) I was speaking to you .
About Skynet .
Savannah 's told you about John Henry , I assume .
Which is why your cyborg is skulking around my basement .
Weaver :
The basement , Mr. Ellison .
John Henry .
Sarah :
We need to get out .
They 're trying to kill my son .
Weaver : No .
They 're trying to kill my son .
Just like you are .
Sarah : I 'm sure she 's done it .
Weaver :
You better hope not .
Your John may save the world , but he can't do it without mine .
Sarah : You lying Terminator bitch .
You 're building Skynet .
Weaver : No . I was building something to fight it .
And I 'd watch who 's calling who a bitch .
Coming James ?
Ellison : Coming ?
Weaver : After John Henry .
Our boy .
Ellison :
He 's not my boy .
And you , you ...
Weaver :
Do you mind picking up Savannah , then ?
Gymnastics ends at 5:30 .
Sarah : John , we can't .
John :
He 's got her chip .
He 's got her .
( Sarah steps out of the time bubble ) Mom ...
Sarah : I 'll stop it .
Derek : Stand down .
Look in his eyes .
He 's got about as much metal in it as you do .
John : Derek ... Derek : Yeah ?
John : John ... John Connor .
Derek : I know a lot of people , kid .
Do n't know you .
Anybody heard the name John Connor ?
Well ... we know one .
I think you 're going to be famous .
My brother 's back and you 're wearing his coat .
( John turns around to see Kyle Reese and then Allison Young step out from behind him )
Continuity notes [ edit | edit source ]
Sarah is questioned about the destruction of the Security Trust of Los Angeles bank , which occurred in the " Pilot " .
Pescadero State Hospital is mentioned .
The events in Terminator 2 : Judgment Day is referred happening in 1997 instead of 1995 , again .
Father Bonilla , the priest from " Samson & Delilah " , is asked to speak with Sarah Connor .
He mentions that he has been having trouble dealing with what he saw regarding Cameron .
Father Bonilla 's church , a brief Resistance hideout , is visited by Chola from Carlos ' gang .
Chola implies Carlos ' death while talking to John about loss of the ones we love .
Cameron reveals that her base program still wants to terminate John Connor , as proposed in " Samson & Delilah " .
John mentions Ellison 's failed SWAT raid from " What He Beheld " .
It is strongly implied that Catherine Weaver is the T - 1001 from the USS Jimmy Carter .
This is inferred from " Will you join us ? " , the message Ellison delivered to Cameron on Weaver 's behalf and behind the scenes information from Josh Friedman that Weaver 's backstory would be explored in the second half of Season 2 .
Daniel Dyson , the son of Miles Dyson , is mentioned .
He was last seen as a young boy in " Pilot " .
The drone that crashed into ZeiraCorp was last seen in " Desert Cantos " .
This is the second time that John Connor has traveled forward in time in his current continuity ; the first time was in " Pilot " .
This episode is the finale of Season 2 .
As the show was not renewed for a third season , it also serves as the series finale .
A special preview of Terminator Salvation was aired with this episode 's premiere .
Cameron watches John sleep , just as Sarah did in " Pilot " .
The Weavers maintain the citizenship of the United Kingdom ( Scotland ) .
Sarah Connor 's line , " I do n't know about God or heaven " , suggests she is an agnostic , who believes God is above human understanding or simply makes no claim to knowing whether God exists or not .
According to Cameron , the base program — to terminate humans — remains active in scrubbed Terminators but is overridden , so it is probably hard - coded .
Sarah Connor lost 11 % of her body mass in a period of six weeks according to Cameron .
Cameron 's energy source is nuclear - powered .
Cameron says the nuclear power source of her endoskeleton is constantly monitored by sensors .
The last time Cameron was deliberately topless was in front of Sarah to remove bullets from her chest in " Pilot " ( " You might want to put those back in the holster " ) .
Skynet , who orders the assassination of Catherine Weaver does n't seem to know that she has been replaced by the T - 1001 .
The episode marks Catherine Weaver 's first on - screen Terminator battle .
The Water Delivery Guy has a self - destruct mechanism just like Rosie .
It is revealed that the CPU chip from Water Delivery Guy is covered with phosphorus compounds and will be combusted while expose it to oxygen .
Daniel Dyson , who has been missing for three months , was to be a central character in the proposed Season 3 according to the commentary featured in the DVD .
The media believes John to be a lot older .
Cameron 's new ID shows her name as Emily Gage .
This is the first time Chola speaks in the whole series .
Cameron pretends to not know what " Will you join us ? " means .
John
Henry is able to override the security of the jail .
Cameron 's endoskeleton eye colors are revealed to be red , previously they had been blue .
" Pilot " Dungeons & Dragons "
The eel from " Adam Raised a Cain " is revealed to be part of Catherine Weaver 's mimetic polyalloy and merges into her .
It could be seen falling from the tank and playing dead after the crash .
The episode commentary on the Season 2 DVD set indicate that this piece was kept separate as a " key " for Catherine 's Time Displacement Equipment .
In response to Sarah's " bitch " comment , Weaver says to watch herself :
The last time someone said that , they were impaled in the head by her finger ( Mr. Tuck in " Samson & Delilah " : " God , that bitch pisses me off " ) .
In the same line , the word " Terminator " is finally said by a character ( Sarah ) during the show , although static from the Time Displacement Equipment muffles it .
Up to this point , no character had referred to Terminators as a Terminator , and instead used slang such as metal .
It is likely that this was done to avoid any legal issues .
It is strongly implied the Skynet is developed by Kaliba Group .
Cameron has been powered down and her chip removed , in order to assist John Henry .
It is revealed that there is a Time Displacement Equipment built in John Henry 's room .
John Connor travels forward into the future with Catherine Weaver , thus created a timeline that nobody yet knows him .
In the Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles timeline , it is John who takes Kyle 's jacket ; while in Terminator Salvation timeline , John gives his jacket to Kyle .
According to the DVD commentary , Thomas Dekker was actually naked during the final scenes
Brian Austin Green confirms that Sarah Connor did not travel to the future . [ 1 ]
Deleted scenes [ edit | edit source ]
Agent Aldridge speaks to other agents via radio while observing Father Bonilla 's residence from his car .
Terminator references [ edit | edit source ]
The Water Delivery Guy is seen healing his wounds on the living tissue in his hideout , just like the T - 800 did in The Terminator .
The Water Delivery Guy goes to a gunstore , just like the T - 800 did in The Terminator .
The only difference is that the Water Delivery Guy does n't kill the clerk .
A Terminator ( Cameron ) wears a leather jacket , just like the T - 800 and other | Terminators do .
Cameron 's mission to recover Sarah Connor from the jail is very similar to the T - 800's attack on the police station in The Terminator .
Unlike the T - 800 , Cameron avoids using lethal force as much as possible , similar to Uncle Bob .
As a result , she takes significantly more damage ( such as the revelation of her face endoskeleton just like Uncle Bob ) than she would have otherwise .
Catherine tells the Connors and Ellison to get down before using herself as a shield to protect them , much like the T - 800's action in the mall in Terminator 2 : Judgment Day .
Catherine Weaver 's eel rejoin her in a way similar to the T - 1000 's broken hook on the ground in Terminator 2 : Judgment Day .
John also traveled forward to the post - Judgment Day future in time during T2 3 - D : Battle Across Time , although that presumably did n't take place in this continuity , as in that reality he destroyed Skynet 's core .
It has long been mentioned in Terminator fiction ( the novels at least ) that the Series 1xxx Terminator had the possibility to make its own decisions counter to that of Skynet .
This is the second time that a post - Judgment Day future without John Connor is mentioned .
The first time is Jade 's World from the novel The New John Connor Chronicles .
Please read to see if your question has already been asked before posting it .
Story arc [ edit | edit source ]
Q : How are the Turk 's three dots related to the blood symbols in Sarah 's basement ?
A : It is stated by John Connor , that the information on the bloody wall can either be " friends or foes " of Skynet .
The three dots are possibly meant to be a clue that the Turk is in fact an ally in the fight against the " real " Skynet .
How are the Turk 's three dots related to the blood symbols in Sarah 's basement ?
Q : What was Catherine Weavers intention of having a time machine ?
A : Unknown .
However , having a time machine would be incredibly useful to have for means of gaining resources , including funding .
This would be accomplished by traveling to the past and guaranteeing the delivery of those resources to the future .
What was Catherine Weavers intention of having a time machine ?
Q : Assuming John
Henry used the time machine in Weaver 's basement , why is the room not destroyed when Weaver , Ellison , and the Connors enter ?
A : Weaver 's time machine may have been constructed differently than the one at the bank .
Much of the destruction of the bank may also been caused by the isotope weapon Sarah fired immediately before the TDE engaged .
Assuming John
Henry used the time machine in Weaver 's basement , why is the room not destroyed when Weaver , Ellison , and the Connors enter ?
Q : Was it really Agent Auldridge questioning Sarah in her cell , or was it Weaver ?
A : Auldridge himself .
It would have shown Weaver reverting to her Catherine persona after the confrontation as it does in every other episode .
Was it really Agent Auldridge questioning Sarah in her cell , or was it Weaver ?
Q : Is Danny Dyson 's disappearance connected to Kaliba and / or John Henry 's brother ?
A : The appearance of the Cyberdyne ASCII text implies that John Henry 's " brother " is based on the same programming as Dyson 's original Cyberdyne Systems .
It is possible that Danny Dyson is pursuing his father 's work in secret .
In the commentary for this episode it was revealed that this was going to be a major plot point for Season 3 prior to the termination of the series .
Is Danny Dyson 's disappearance connected to Kaliba and / or John Henry 's brother ?
Q : Why was the Water Delivery Guy unable to find out she is a machine , whereas John Henry was able to ?
A : It is possible that John Henry was able to find out because of his routine interactions with Catherine Weaver .
John
Henry did comment that he found out she is a machine because there was no life when he looked into her eyes .
The Water Delivery Guy may not have had time to run an analysis .
Why was the Water Delivery Guy unable to find out she is a machine , whereas John Henry was able to ?
Q : Who sent the drone to crash into ZeiraCorp ?
A : Most likely the pre-Skynet or the agents of Kaliba Group .
Who sent the drone to crash into ZeiraCorp ?
Q : When Derek said that his brother is back , did he mean when he broke out from century prison camp and now he is the leader of the resistance ?
When Derek said that his brother is back , did he mean when he broke out from century prison camp and now he is the leader of the resistance ?
A : More likely that he meant Kyle was back from an assignment or had joined them .
Q : Is John Connor really alone in the future with nobody to prove that he is from the past ?
A : There are people who have had interactions with the Connors and could identify him .
Martin Bedell met John Connor when they helped him against the T - 888 at the military academy ; Lauren Fields could potentially be of help ; however , there are no indications that she and John met as John was not present in the engagement with The Fields Terminator .
The destruction of Cyberdyne could play a part ; however , this is unlikely .
Considering that in this timeline , Sarah Connor did not get cancer , it is also possible that she herself survived ( since she probably would have prepared a safe place if she could n't stop the Judgment Day ) .
Agent Ellison and Savannah Weaver also could have confirmed his identity , however it all really rests on whether or not any of these people survived the Judgment Day .
Is John Connor really alone in the future with nobody to prove that he is from the past ?
Q : Would Kyle remember John from the events in " What He Beheld " ?
A : It is possible , but unlikely .
According to psychological studies , the average human cannot remember events from their early childhood .
Because of this , it is most likely impossible for Kyle to remember having met John .
It could be possible for Derek to remember seeing John in the past or , perhaps even , his future self .
Would Kyle remember John from the events in " What He Beheld " ?
Q : Did Ellison survive Judgment Day even when he knew the exact date that it happens ?
A : It is possible that he , like Peter Silberman , may have established some sort of out of the way residence to prepare .
Did Ellison survive Judgment Day even when he knew the exact date that it happens ?
Q : Is it possible when Derek or Kyle saw John , deep inside him he feels that he is connected to him ?
A : Possible .
It was said by Derek that John looked like Kyle at that age in " What He Beheld " .
Is it possible when Derek or Kyle saw John , deep inside him he feels that he is connected to him ?
Q : What happened to the rest of the targets that were in the wall that were not covered in the second season ?
A : Sarah may have continued to follow those leads or , it is possible , that all of those leads were fully investigated by Season 2's end .
What happened to the rest of the targets that were in the wall that were not covered in the second season ?
Q : Does the time displacement machine put the traveler in the same place where he or she left but in the year desired ; or the traveler has the option to choose the location where you want to go ?
A : In " Pilot " , the time displacement equipment delivered Sarah , John , and Cameron to exactly the same location as where they left .
It is unknown about the future equipment ; however , it does seem that the destination can be selected in the comics .
Does the time displacement machine put the traveler in the same place where he or she left but in the year desired ; or the traveler has the option to choose the location where you want to go ?
Q : Is it possible for John to see Riley again in this timeline ?
A : It is possible that he will meet her when she was a young girl or before her departure with Jesse Flores .
It is also possible that Jesse 's mission would not happen and keep Riley in the future , since it is stated by Derek that the Jesse Flores who brought Riley back was from a different timeline from him .
Today Is The Day , Part 2 "
Is it possible for John to see Riley again in this timeline ?
Q : What was the main cliffhanger that the show had hinted at ?
A : John Connor has gone to a future where he either does not exist or is not the leader of the Resistance and Cameron has been deactivated .
What was the main cliffhanger that the show had hinted at ?
Q Why was a flicker of lightning , like from a TDE seen at the end , during Sarah 's closing lines ?
Was it run -off from Weaver and John 's arrival or did someone else go through ?
No one could have gone back because there was no TDE in the room itself .
A : Unknown .
Why was a flicker of lightning , like from a TDE seen at the end , during Sarah 's closing lines ?
Was it run -off from Weaver and John 's arrival or did someone else go through ?
No one could have gone back because there was no TDE in the room itself .
Q : What actually happened to John Henry and Cameron 's chip ?
A : John Henry 's body were connected to the " Turk " , which currently functioned as his " chip " .
On his own , hes just an empty body .
In the light of Camerons interfering with John Henry , this leads to several possibilities : John Henry 's body with Turk programming : Cameron 's chip is wiped out and replaced with the Turk memory / programming .
In other words , John Henry and Cameron swap with each other — John Henry 's body with the " Turk " programming travel itself to the future for whatever mission .
Either Cameron 's programming is now place in the mainframe in the basement of ZeiraCorp , or it simply does n't exist anymore .
John Henry 's body with Camerons / Turk chip :
The Turk 's chip is uploaded to Cameron 's chip , so both " programs " co-exist .
Cameron 's chip is then placed in John Henry 's body and travel itself to the future for whatever mission .
John Henry 's body with Cameron 's chip : Cameron 's chip is used in John Henry 's body and travel itself to the future for whatever mission .
This leaves the " Turk " behind .
What actually happened to John Henry and Cameron 's chip ?
Cameron / Allison Young [ edit | edit source ]
Q : Why was Cameron 's eye red instead of blue like it was depicted in Season 1 ?
A : As mentioned above , in the Episode Commentary for Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles Season 2 DVD
Set , it is stated that the " blue " of Cameron 's eye flashes is a " software function " , the underlying hardware is and has always been stock Terminator materials , aka , " red eyes " .
Q : Was Cameron , who killed Allison Young , actually working for John Henry or Weaver 's faction , as she claimed to be ?
Was she never actually reprogrammed ?
A1 : Unlikely .
Cameron simply seems to be a machine designated to get close to John in order to kill him .
Also , there is evidence in " Vick 's Chip " that Cameron had been reprogrammed by John Connor at some point .
A2 : Possibly .
Catherine Weaver seemed to show a disregard for human life , so this third faction would have no problem killing Allison Young to get close to John , and they would know that John needed Cameron to send her back to the past .
It would also explain why Derek was left alive , and also how by the time Derek got back a day or two later , Cameron was already working for the good side .
Was Cameron , who killed Allison Young , actually working for John Henry or Weaver 's faction , as she claimed to be ?
Was she never actually reprogrammed ?
Q : Is it possible to believe that these were future John Connor 's orders to Cameron ?
A : It is possible .
John
Henry may be mix of the powerful AI created by Weaver which matches Skynet and the knowledge in human behavior and life that Cameron learned in the past .
Perhaps John Connor jumping over to the future changed all the plans — thus , either the story of the breakout from Century Camp happened instead with John Henry / Cameron and Kyle and John Henry / Cameron is the leader of the Resistance .
Is it possible to believe that these were future John Connor 's orders to Cameron ?
Q : Why did Cameron react the way she did when she heard Weaver 's offer on this episode ?
Are there untold issues of mistrust or hostility between Weaver and Cameron ?
A : Cameron realized that a Series 1000 Terminator was active in the past .
It 's also possible that she knew at this point that she would have to give up her chip , and was afraid to die ( much as John Henry was ) .
Why did Cameron react the way she did when she heard Weaver 's offer on this episode ?
Are there untold issues of mistrust or hostility between Weaver and Cameron ?
Q : Why would Cameron need John to check her power cell if she knew there was nothing wrong with it ?
A : Her sensors might have been malfunctioning and needed checked .
She probably also had some ulterior motives , as it was not necessary to strip down and lay on the bed , or even involve John in the process .
However , cutting her open should also remind John that she is still a killing machine on the inside , so her intentions are far from clear .
Why would Cameron need John to check her power cell if she knew there was nothing wrong with it ?
Q : When Cameron told Sarah in the car that she is " less than 100 % " , do those words carry a hidden meaning ?
A : The meaning is most likely literally .
Sarah needs Cameron to be 100 % functional to meet Catherine Weawer .
It is likely referring to some sort of damage inflicted from the gun battle with the prison guards .
Sarah commented before she left the prison about the visible damage , and if Cameron was able to " keep up " .
When Cameron told Sarah in the car that she is " less than 100 % " , do those words carry a hidden meaning ?
Q : Why did she signal John Connor that she is sorry ?
A : Through John Connor , Cameron has learned to be more human and have human reaction .
She has showed capability to express feelings or at least say that " she 's sorry " .
Most likely she most have felt that she abandon John Connor by not following his order of destroying John Henry .
Also it might be the fact that she is leaving instead of staying and protecting him .
Why did she signal John Connor that she is sorry ?
Q : Why did she never tell John about her intention of giving her chip to John Henry 's body ?
A : To protect her mission and prevent him from stopping her — the detonation charge .
Her decision may have been spontaneous .
Why did she never tell John about her intention of giving her chip to John Henry 's body ?
Q : If John Henry 's program is downloaded into Cameron 's chip , is it possible that Cameron 's data loaded into the Turk — meaning they switch their identity ?
A : Possible .
It would explain why The Turk 's interface kept repeating " I 'm sorry John " , but this could simply be a program left in the database .
If John Henry 's program is downloaded into Cameron 's chip , is it possible that Cameron 's data loaded into the Turk — meaning they switch their identity ?
Q : Why did Cameron give her chip to John Henry ?
Was Cameron 's real purpose to give her reprogrammed chip to John Henry ?
A : Speculation : Cathrine Weaver does n't seem very surprised that Cameron gave her chip to John Henry .
This may be a plot by her for further developing of John Henry .
It is possible that the question presented by James Ellison : " Would you like to join us ? " triggered something in Camerons chip to do this .
Why did Cameron give her chip to John Henry ?
Was Cameron 's real purpose to give her reprogrammed chip to John Henry ?
Q : The character who resemblance Cameron in the future , is she a Terminator ?
A : No .
This is Allison Young .
We see her petting a dog , which proves she 's not a Terminator .
The character who resemblance Cameron in the future , is she a Terminator ?
John Henry [ edit | edit source ]
Q : How could John Henry take Cameron 's chip and insert it in his body ?
Since they were alone in the basement , they could not make the switch .
A : John Henry was connected to the Turk through a memory port located on the back of the skull assembly of the T - 888 body .
It had fine motor control over the body as shown in prior episodes and would be able to perform the removal of Cameron 's chip from her endoskeleton .
Once that was complete , he could install the chip in the open chip port , since Cromartie 's chip was destroyed by Sarah Connor , and download the Turk 's program into the chip and upload Cameron 's into the housing ( or keep it ) .
They could make the switch .
How could John Henry take Cameron 's chip and insert it in his body ?
Since they were alone in the basement , they could not make the switch .
Q : Why did John Henry travel to the future ?
A : Unknown .
Why did John Henry travel to the future ?
Q : What will be John Henry 's mission in the future ?
A : John Henry does not have any mission per se , but it is likely he views his brother as a threat to his own existence .
Due to his interactions with humans , John Henry will be likely to have a higher degree of respect for human life and this sets him apart from Skynet .
Weaver will probably make contact with him in the future and continue her own mission to destroy Skynet .
It is also possible that he went to the future to acquire intelligence data .
What will be John Henry 's mission in the future ?
Q : Cameron 's chip is damaged , will this affect John Henry ?
A : See above .
Also note that , in the future , John Henry could possibly acquire an undamaged chip .
Cameron 's chip is damaged , will this affect John Henry ?
Sarah Connor [ edit | edit source ]
Q : Aldridge says that Sarah " killed " Miles ten years ago , why does he say ten years ago ?
Because this would make John Connor six - year - old in Terminator 2 : Judgment Day .
A : Though John Connor is physically 16 years old , he is 24 years old according to dialogue in " What He Beheld " .
Technically , however , this would also be in error as the events of Terminator 2 : Judgment Day happened in 1997 in the storyline of the show .
If it had been ten years prior , Dyson would have been killed in 1999 — the year in which the Connors jumped forward in time with Cameron — instead of 1997 .
Aldridge says that Sarah " killed " Miles ten years ago , why does he say ten years ago ?
Because this would make John Connor six - year - old in .
Q : Sarah noticed the three dots on the machinery in Weaver 's basement , but what does it actually mean ?
A : The three dots — even the pattern — were the indicator lights on The Turk 's main casing .
Sarah noticed the three dots on the machinery in Weaver 's basement , but what does it mean ?
Q : What did Sarah mean by " I 'll stop it " ?
A : This is a reference to " Pilot " where Sarah told John she 'd stop Skynet .
What did Sarah mean by " I 'll stop it " ?
Q:' Did Sarah Connor actually go through the portal ?
If not , why did Sarah Connor choose to leave her son behind , and whose voice was the one saying " I love you too , John " at the very end ?
A : It is possible that Sarah jumped to the future after John and Weaver .
It is also possible that John Connor returned through the time bubble at that point .
He could have recovered the chip and returned to the point in which he left days , weeks , months , even years later without difficulty .
Most likely , her voice at the end was an artistic touch added for closure .
She was saying her goodbye to John .
Earlier in the episode , John told Sarah he loved her — this could also be Sarah letting go of John .
Did Sarah Connor actually go through the portal ?
If not , why did Sarah Connor choose to leave her son behind , and whose voice was the one saying " I love you too , John " at the very end ?
John Connor [ edit | edit source ]
Q : We 've previously assumed that nobody ever saw John Connor for several reasons ; to protect himself , to keep himself from becoming attached to others , or because Cameron or other machines were actually doing the planning and fighting of the war .
Could the reason be because of this episode , because he jumps into the war as just a teenager and people would n't follow him without question if they knew his age ?
A : Any of these could be possible .
It 's likely that if any of the above is the case , John Connor remains hidden as it's felt many of the fighters ( particularly those much older than John ) would n't take him seriously .
It is also possible John Connor will never become the leader of the Resistance in this timeline , but he can still return to the present to set things back to how they once were .
We 've previously assumed that nobody ever saw John Connor for several reasons ; to protect himself , to keep himself from becoming attached to others , or because Cameron or other machines were actually doing the planning and fighting of the war .
Could the reason be because of this episode , because he jumps into the war as just a teenager and people would n't follow him without question if they knew his age ?
Q : How is John Connor still alive given that fact that Kyle has not traveled back in time ?
A : John Connor enter a time where Kyle has n't been sent back to the past yet .
And as said above , it was proposed during several episodes in Season 2 that there are multiple timelines in play based upon branch points .
Events that happened in previous universes ( John Connor is the son of Kyle Reese and Sarah Connor ) would still happen in that universe , but not necessarily in the new universe they are in .
This is why John Connor did not vanish , the events that led to his birth still happened in his universe .
It is also possible that if John travels back to the present , events will once again unfold as they did before .
In real - world physics this is an implication of the many - worlds interpretation of quantum mechanics , sometimes called parallel universes , or many - universes interpretation .
How is John Connor still alive given that fact that Kyle has not traveled back in time ?
Q : Is it possible that John Connor is not leading the Resistance at all , and is simply taking orders from John Henry ?
A : It is quite likely that John Connor is no leader in this timeline .
Skipping through the Judgment Day and most of the war means that he never emerged as a leader of the Resistance , he 's just a teenage boy coming out of nowhere , having little experience about fighting Skynet 's forces .
John
Henry is probably not the leader , as he's a Terminator and would be killed on sight unless this is a period before infiltrators emerged ( although the Resistance is already using dogs to spot them and the first fighter thinks John could be " metal " ) .
Derek 's last words may imply the possibility that Kyle Reese is the leader of the Resistance , but this is a stretch given his youth .
Is it possible that John Connor is not leading the Resistance at all , and is simply taking orders from John Henry ?
Q : What does John 's expression tell when he saw Allison ?
A : At first he appears happy because he may believe it was Cameron , but then he realized that it was not her and his look turned to like he is amazed to finally see where he face and body came from .
Regardless , both of them look surprised when they saw each other which lead us to a relationship and unfold the events in the introduction of Cameron .
The shock could also come from seeing Cameron was based on a human who was probably also killed in that future .
What does John 's expression tell when he saw Allison ?
Q : Suggesting John went to the future to get Cameron 's chip —
What would his mission be now that her metal does n't exist anymore ?
Did he think he could take down John Henry and time travel back to give Cameron her chip back ?
A : Cameron 's body did n't get destroyed in the time displacement field , merely left behind .
John
Henry had used the machine just moments before , and her body was n't moved before that .
Dead things that are in the bubble do n't go through , and they are n't destroyed .
Suggesting John went to the future to get Cameron 's chip —
What would his mission be now that her metal does n't exist anymore ?
Did he think he could take down John Henry and time travel back to give Cameron her chip back ?
Catherine Weaver [ edit | edit source ]
Q : Why did Catherine Weaver take John to the future ?
What was the purpose of taking him there ?
A : John went to the future of his own accord .
He knew that the time displacement equipment was activating .
In a sense he hitchhiked with her to search for Cameron .
Why did Catherine Weaver take John to the future ?
What was the purpose of taking him there ?
Q : What will be Weaver 's mission in the future ?
A : To find John Henry — according to her dialogue to Ellison asking him if he wanted to join her in the future .
What will be Weaver 's mission in the future ?
Q : Was Catherine working for the Resistance ?
A : Catherine Weaver was working for another faction , possibly the rumored grouping of machines that wanted peace , like the one mentioned in " Allison from Palmdale " .
Was Catherine working for the Resistance ?
Q : What was Catherine 's purpose then ?
Just to get John to the future ?
A : No . Catherine was building an AI designed to counter Skynet in the future .
What was Catherine 's purpose then ?
Just to get John to the future ?
Q : What was Catherine 's origin ?
How did she come into existence ?
How did she end up deciding to fight Skynet ?
A : It has long been mentioned in Terminator fiction ( the novels at least ) that the Series 1000 Terminator had the possibility to make its own decisions counter to that of Skynet .
It is most likely this was the case .
She was , inferred from background information , the T - 1001 recovered by the Jimmy Carter .
What was Catherine 's origin ?
How did she come into existence ?
How did she end up deciding to fight Skynet ?
Q : How can Catherine combine her decision to ally with humans ( her words to Ellison in the last episode imply that at least one of her objectives is to help humanity survive ) with her words to John Henry that " humans will disappoint you " and her utter ruthlessness at killing even innocent humans ?
A : Weaver is fighting a war .
Like any war , there will be collateral damage .
It is logical to sacrifice a few innocent civilians to save billions .
It should also be considered that Cameron has murdered people she has deemed a threat to her mission objectives , or to John Connor .
Using this logic , it is possible that Catherine deemed the people she has killed a threat to her objectives , or to John Henry .
This is supported by her telling John Henry that everything she does , was done so for his sake .
How can Catherine combine her decision to ally with humans ( her words to Ellison in the last episode imply that at least one of her objectives is to help humanity survive ) with her words to John Henry that " humans will disappoint you " and her utter ruthlessness at killing even innocent humans ?
Q : Why was Catherine not detected by Resistance agents ?
Are their ways of detecting metal not applicable to liquid Terminators ?
A : When Catherine and John first arrived , several dogs were barking as Resistance members were getting close to the duo .
When the soldiers found John , she was with him one second and gone the next .
Why was Catherine not detected by Resistance agents ?
Are their ways of detecting metal not applicable to liquid Terminators ?
Q : If Catherine decided to join John , why did she refuse his offer on the Jimmy Carter ?
A : In this way , it was more of John joining Catherine .
Catherine Weaver was running the show , she let him to hitchhiked with her to search for Cameron , she was in charge .
Or , perhaps this new John , after being sent into the future was doing poorly in the war , remembered how Catherine asked Cameron to join her , and asked her for help .
Perhaps Catherine went into the past to help instead .
Also , from Catherine 's perspective , considerable time may have passed since the failed meeting on the Jimmy Carter , as it is unknown what year she 's from .
Q : What is the silver eel - like thing that attached to Weaver 's leg ?
Where did it come from ?
A : It was the eel in her aquarium that Detective Clayton inquired about in the previous episode .
However , it is not an eel , but actually just her own basic substance that she needed to hide .
What is the silver eel - like thing that attached to Weaver 's leg ?
Where did it come from ?
Q : Catherine and John Henry have been displaying similar behaviour in this episode , such as simultaneously saying " We 'll see " to Ellison .
Could that mean that Catherine is herself operating on a ( future version of ) the Turk 's codebase ?
If so , Catherine may need to save John Henry to ensure her own survival .
A : This would be similar to what would happen with John Connor .
Because she originated in Timeline A where the events that led to her construction would still happen in that timeline , allowing her to exist in Timeline B if those same events did not occur .
Catherine and John Henry have been displaying similar behaviour in this episode , such as simultaneously saying " We 'll see " to Ellison .
Could that mean that Catherine is herself operating on a ( future version of ) the Turk 's codebase ?
If so , Catherine may need to save John Henry to ensure her own survival .
Q : Were Catherine 's clothes organic ?
She showed up naked in the future before creating clothes .
A : The Series 1001 may have to jump simulating nudity to allow for the bioelectric field to be generated .
The T - 1000 in Terminator 2 : Judgment Day arrived in a naked state similar to Catherine .
After arriving , she quickly simulated an appropriate Resistance attire , which suggests that they have some data stored on different clothing in their database .
Were Catherine 's clothes organic ?
She showed up naked in the future before creating clothes .
Q : How come Catherine killed her own men ?
A : It is possible , and likely , that the humans she killed during the course of the Second Season were operating on behalf of Skynet ( which was built by Kaliba ) and not her faction .
Since the Prototype Drone attacked the Zeira Corp Headquarters , it is likely that Kaliba created it thus Catherine eliminated Skynet affiliated personnel .
There were , however , some personnel who Catherine killed to meet her own objectives , such as Justin Tuck or Mr. Nelson .
How come Catherine killed her own men ?
Q : How was Catherine able to electrocute the other Terminator without being electrocuted herself or the charge grounding itself ?
A : Because of her liquid metal nature , it is possible that the standard rules of electrical discharges destroying the processors ( as was used to destroy Carl Greenway and Water Delivery Guy for example ) would have no effect on the Series 1xxx .
How was Catherine able to electrocute the other Terminator without being electrocuted herself or the charge grounding itself ?
Time travel [ edit | edit source ]
Q : What year did John Connor and Catherine Weaver jump to ?
A : Unknown .
There was no display indicating the destined time period in John Henry 's chamber , only a countdown clock .
There is no official date given for their arrival in the episode ; however , it could be assumed that it is either 2026 or 2027 by the ages of Kyle and Derek .
We know only that it is sometime after Judgment Day .
It could be , or may not be , before John Connor takes control over the Resistance .
In this new timeline , it is possible John may not have existed ( which is likely due to the transport as no one would have grown up to become John Connor ) .
What year did John Connor and Catherine Weaver jump to ?
Q : What timeline was John taken into , given the fact that the Resistance does not recognize him ?
A : Because of his jumping to the future , there would be no John Connor in this timeline any longer to become Future John / General John Connor .
It is also possible John Henry or someone else is the future leader of the Resistance in this timeline .
Brian Austin Green said in an interview that John is in a timeline where he never existed .
What timeline was John taken into , given the fact that the Resistance does not recognize him ?
Q : Why does n't Cameron 's body travel to the future along with John Connor and Catherine Weaver ?
A : Most likely because her endoskelton is exposed and she was powered down with the removal of her chip .
Also , there is no record of non-online Terminators being transported through time .
( Cromartie is an exception because , if the viewer looks closely enough , his eyes are red when his head is transported , meaning he was online at the time , but without his body . )
It is stated that the flesh sheath is needed , but as stated before , no dead humans ( only living or almost dying but not dead ) have been brought through time , so possibly an individual needs to be " alive " AND covered in flesh to make it through time .
A2 : It seems more likely that Cameron merely did n't go through because she was n't online , since there is no record of " dead " things ( except dirt ) going through time and there is a significant difference between Cameron being " alive " and her tissue sheath ( which is , anyway , just flesh and does n't really seem to be required to produce the " field of a living thing " required to go through time ) being " alive " .
A3 : Perhaps their power systems have to be online to simulate the organic field to allow transit , or the duration of her offline state was too long and the tissue sheath " died " .
Why does n't Cameron 's body travel to the future along with John Connor and Catherine Weaver ?
Q : Why was Cromartie able to travel through time then if he was n't fully surrounded by flesh in " Pilot " yet Cameron was n't ?
A : To continue , without her chip and powered down , Cameron 's body was equivalent to a corpse .
Cromartie still qualified as a living organism .
Humans also have exposed tissues that are not made of living cells ( grown hair , tooth enamel , the outer layer of skin ) but they stay with the organism through the time displacement .
The " field generated by a living organism " must envelope integral non-living parts .
With this in mind , a human with artificial parts like a pacemaker or artificial joints will not leave those parts behind when transported .
Why was Cromartie able to travel through time then if he was n't fully surrounded by flesh in " Pilot " yet Cameron was n't ?
Q : The Sarah Connor snapshot that was destined to be given to Kyle by John was left behind in 2009 .
If teenage John remains in the 2020s and must still send Kyle back in time to become his father , wo n't Kyle have to carry out his mission very differently , not knowing what Sarah looks like and not already being in love with her ?
A : We are making assumptions that this is what his destiny was .
John could still , theoretically , return to the point in which he left and live through a very different Judgment Day and send Kyle back normally .
The photo may also be recovered at a later date .
The Sarah Connor snapshot that was destined to be given to Kyle by John was left behind in 2009 .
If teenage John remains in the 2020s and must still send Kyle back in time to become his father , wo n't Kyle have to carry out his mission very differently , not knowing what Sarah looks like and not already being in love with her ?
Q : How would it ever be possible for Connor to return to his own timeline ( via the Back to the Future paradox of Biff 's take over in 1985 ) ?
Would he not be sent back to a past in which Derek and Cameron 's time travel missions never occurred ?
What timeline would anyone be sent back to at this point ?
While this future was built directly from the Connor Chronicles events , dozens of future time jumps are threatened , changing everything in a potential past , including the postponement of Judgment Day ?
A : This would also fall in the branch point theory where the events in the first timeline would still occur in that one and not necessarily in the second .
Even though Derek and Cameron did not necessarily go back in the current timeline John is in , they still would in the previous one which would allow for the characters to have still been on their mission in the past .
From a theoretical standpoint , John could possibly go back to the same time period as when he left ( if he acquires TDE ) and that would make a new third timeline based upon the characteristics of the previous .
However , this is all theoretical .
How would it ever be possible for Connor to return to his own timeline ( via the Back to the Future paradox of Biff 's take over in 1985 ) ?
Would he not be sent back to a past in which Derek and Cameron 's time travel missions never occurred ?
What timeline would anyone be sent back to at this point ?
While this future was built directly from the Connor Chronicles events , dozens of future time jumps are threatened , changing everything in a potential past , including the postponement of Judgment Day ?
Q : From the standpoint of the previous answer , would n't it be impossible for the second Kyle with the photograph to go back time ?
As the first Kyle would already be in the past doing the same things , creating two Kyles in the same place if he went back for a second run ?
A : There are any number of possibilities that could answer this problem .
It is possible that Kyle would end up in a reality where there is another Kyle Reese , a reality where the two were reintegrated ( during transit the two Kyles converged and only one emerged in the past ) , or even create a new branch point .
From the standpoint of the previous answer , would n't it be impossible for the second Kyle with the photograph to go back time ?
As the first Kyle would already be in the past doing the same things , creating two Kyles in the same place if he went back for a second run ?
on the Internet Movie Database
on the Internet Movie Database Born to Run at TV.com
An elderly artist whose huge inflatable " dream machine " broke loose from home - made moorings at a summer fair , killing two women trapped inside , was convicted of breaching health and safety rules yesterday .
A jury found Maurice Agis , 77 , guilty after two days ' deliberation , before retiring to consider two further charge of manslaughter of the victims through gross negligence .
They were later sent home after failing to reach a verdict and will return this morning to continue discussions .
Mrs Justice
Cox gave a direction allowing a majority decision if necessary .
The first verdict came at the end of a month of evidence at Newcastle crown court , which heard how Agis 's Dreamspace V was caught by a gust of wind and flipped on its side at Chester - le - Street , County Durham , in July 2006 .
The honeycomb of brightly coloured translucent cells - designed to induce a tranquil , relaxed mood in paying visitors who donned blue , red and tallow capes before clambering inside - reared up to the height of half a football pitch .
Elizabeth Collings , 68 , and Claire Furmedge , 38 , both from the Chester - le - Street area , fell from close to the top through the warren of flimsy partitions and were killed on impact with the ground .
The 27 people injured included a three - year - old girl , Rosie Wright , who was hit by one of the inflatable 's electric fans as it ripped away from cables and plunged down .
Her life was saved by an off - duty consultant anaesthetist who gave first aid before an air ambulance flew her to hospital in Newcastle , where she has since recovered from multiple injuries .
Survivors gave harrowing accounts of suddenly finding themselves above a huge drop , then plummeting down inside the out - of - control balloon , bouncing off internal columns as they fell .
The artist , from Bethnal Green in east London , sent a grief - stricken apology to relatives of the victims after the disaster and promised that Dreamspace would be scrapped .
He had previously described the artwork as the culmination of his career , which saw progressively larger inflatables developed over 30 years .
Only one had previously torn loose from its moorings , in Germany in 1986 , but Dreamspace V was evacuated several times at Liverpool , its previous venue on the 2006 tour of Britain , because of sudden winds .
Staff at Chester - le - Street reported problems earlier on the day the tragedy happened in Riverside Park .
The inflatable was temporarily closed after a cleaner reported part of the floor rising five feet off the ground , and again when technical staff witnessed the same thing several hours later .
The artist listened intently during the trial , frequently making notes .
He was allowed to sit in the well of the court with the lawyers , rather than in the dock .
He said in his letter to the victims ' relatives that he had been " consumed by the tragedy " .
The jury of five women and seven men found Agis guilty of one charge of breaching the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974 .
At an earlier hearing , Chester - le - Street council and Brouhaha International , whose managing director is Agis 's son Giles , admitted similar charges .
Peter McDermott , of County Durham and Darlington fire and rescue service , told the jury at an earlier hearing that the aftermath of the incident was " like a war scene " .
Keith Vickers , a St John Ambulance superintendent , told the jury he saw the artist and a member of staff try to grab the huge sculpture as it lifted off .
" They tried to hold it down , but it did n't work , " he said .
Agis was lifted off the ground before he let go , the court had heard .
The charity said none of its money was used to fund Hamas violence
Two founder members of what was once the biggest Muslim charity in the US have each been jailed for 65 years .
Shukri Abu Baker , 50 , and Ghassan Elashi , 55 , were convicted of channelling funds to the Palestinian militant group , Hamas .
Three other members of the Holy Land Foundation were jailed for between 15 and 20 years by a Dallas court .
The charity was found guilty last year of sending $ 12 m ( £ 7.4 m ) to fund social programmes controlled by Hamas .
The five men were convicted in November on charges ranging from money laundering to supporting terrorism .
Hamas was designated a terrorist organisation by the US government 14 years ago , making it illegal to give the group money or other support .
I did it because I cared , not at the behest of Hamas
Defendant Shukri Abu Baker
The defendants said they were only interested in helping the needy .
Their supporters said no money had been used to fund violence , and the case was a by - product of what it called the anti-Islamic sentiment following the 11 September attacks of 2001 .
Shukri Abu Baker told the judge in Dallas on Wednesday : " I did it because I cared , not at the behest of Hamas . "
But prosecutors argued that the humanitarian aid sent by the charity allowed Hamas to divert money to militant activities .
Orphans Jurors had reached their guilty verdict last year after eight days of deliberations following a retrial of the Texas - based Holy Land Foundation for Relief and Development .
It was the largest terrorism financing trial since the 9/11 attacks .
The indictment against the group said it sponsored Palestinian orphans and families in the West Bank and Gaza whose relatives had died or been imprisoned as a result of Hamas attacks on Israel .
The charity was shut down and had its assets frozen in 2001 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Giro account number : 40811-623-8-24-79 14-48-21040 - 2 with the designation : " For building the temple "
Legends about Zlatibor
There are three legends about the origin of today 's name Zlatibor ( ZLATIBOR : zlato=gold , bor=pine tree ) : " ... By the first one Zlatibor is supposed to get its name by white pine trees with yellow conifer ( the colour of old gold ) , which used to cover the rolling slopes of Zlatibor .
There has only one such tree remained ( in the village of Negbina ) and it was given the scientific name Pinus silvestris variegata Zlatiborica , by eng .
Omanović , who studied those conifer trees .
In the second it is said that Zlatibor got its name because it was so rich with pine tree forests , that the immigrants from Monte Negro and Hercegovina boasted : " It is really a pine tree made of gold ! "
The third legend says that it got its name by the mountain pastures , that get a yellow , a golden colour in autumn .
Which of these legends is the right one make a decision by yourselves !
Or , better come to Zlatibor , maybe you 'll hear a new version in the song of Zlatibor pine trees ! "
2 source 1
The first inhabitants of Zlatibor region were the Illyrians , namely their tribe Partyiny .
The remnants of their culture - ornamental ceramics are being met in the caves and steep hights , where they used to live .
Today these places are called " gradine " and there are three on Zlatibor ( čajetinska , krivorečka , šljivovička ) .
In the museum collection of the library in Čajetina we can see some fragments of pottery with the characteristic decorative design engraved into the clay by a finger nail .
The culture and life of the Illyrians have been studied exclusively from the " tumulus " ( the tombs ) , which are found on Zlatibor in a great number on various locations ( Krivorečka gradina ( the place Viševina ) , Kremna , a wider area from Ljubiš to Mušvet , Braneško polje ) .
At the beginning of our epoch the Romans dominate in this region with their culture much higher than the previous one .
They build new fortreses , a net of new roads ( Mačkat - Čajetinska gradina - the river Uvac ) .
The Roman tombstones date the second and the third century A.D. Most of them are in Kremna and there are reliefs inspired by the motives from the nature and sometimes by God Atis - in the figure of a nice youth .
After the 9th century these places are being settled by the Slovenes , who also build fortreses and rebuild " gradine " .
There 's a very interesting fortress on Gradac in Dobroselica , where we can see the remnants of a bulwark .
There are some remnants of a stone pedestal in the shape of a bench that was probably used for observing .
There are also some animal bones found built in the base ( probably for religious reasons ) and there is a lot of medieval material found on this location ( a top of a spear , a knife , a copper ring ... ) .
About the year 118O Stevan Nemanja connects Zlatibor and Užice to the independant Serbian state .
In the 16th century The unpreserved monastery Rujno was the cultural and educational centre of the former district ( župa ) Rujno .
In that monastery one of the first Serbian printing shops worked .
Recently the position of the former monastery Uvac ( and maybe also of the Church Janja - being sung about in folk songs ) has been discovered in Stublo on the river Uvac .
According to traditional stories the monastery was that " Church Janja " , which was the richest far around .
The monastery possesed beautiful and good pastures above the valley on Orlic and Orahovica .
Milk from there was transported to monastery by boats .
The canals in which the boats were placed can still be identified .
Thanks to researching and and work of the National museum in Užice the monastery Uvac has been reestablished and the church with the " konak " ( the overnight stay ) have been rebuilt and sanctified .
The church in Bela Reka is worth being mentioned among the old churches on Zlatibor .
It has unusually small dimensions .
It has only one nave and one cupola .
On Zlatibor characteristic churches " brvnare " ( log cabins ) were built , some of which still exist in Dobroselica and Jablanica .
In many Zlatibor villages there are places called " crkvine " on which , according to tradition , wooden churches existed .
It is supposed that some of them were being burnt by the Turks during the period of 1st Serbian rebellion like those in Mokra gora and Kučani , while the others , which survived the Turkish reign , became ruins because of their old age .
The churches in Sirogojno , Čajetina , Ljubiš , Mačkat , Negbina and Šljivovica are ofrecent date .
A church is being under construction on Zlatibor .
It will be The church of Lord 's Transfiguration .
It is being built exclusively by the help of donators .
The Serbian orthodox church appeals to all goodwill people to help its construction either in money or in building material .
While it 's packaged as a way to talk your kids out of getting high via a WWJD - type bracelet ( LAME ! ) , the Sound Advice Project nevertheless makes a cool bracelet of any sound 's waveform for $ 18 .
Advertisement
Not that I 'm trashing the whole " talk to you kids , keep them off drugs " message behind this project .
They will still get your money when all is said and done .
But this visualization of sound has wider applications .
Especially if you 're capable of automagically hearing a sound by looking at its waveform like I am .
And the price is right .
[ Sound Advice Project via BBG , original concept by David Bizer ]
It 's good to be the king -- until you start tripping over your own robe .
So King Barack the Mild is finding as he tries to dictate the terms of what amounts to an out - of - court bankruptcy for Chrysler and GM .
He wants Chrysler 's secured lenders to give up their right to nearly full recovery in a bankruptcy in return for 15 cents on the dollar .
They'd be crazy to do so , of course , except that these banks also happen to be beholden to the administration for TARP money .
Was n't ...
I wrote that I support a Medicare - like public option that is a strong , robust competitive player that keeps the health insurance companies " honest " and helps lower premiums by expanding access to EVERYONE .
Also , this article in The Nation , has it right about what the bottom line should be for the public option as an essential part of health care reform , and why we should be aware about the dangers of the Schumer so - called compromise .
While progressive advocates are not rejecting his plan out of hand -- they even think it could produce a useful compromise -- there are two provisions that could wind up gutting the public option .
Schumer rules out requiring that providers who accept Medicare patients also take public plan patients .
Some believe such a requirement is the only way to ensure that the public option has the market power to get lower rates with enough participating providers .
Schumer would also have the public plan pay more than Medicare .
The public plan could still bring down costs by paying somewhere between Medicare rates and those of private insurers ( the more liberal House is reportedly considering such a structure ) , but if lawmakers settle on a requirement that the public plan pay prevailing market prices , the point of a public plan will have been largely lost .
" It 's got to have the ability to hold down rates -- to me that 's the critical part of it , " says Urban Institute economist Linda Blumberg .
It defeats the purpose to say , " We have a public plan option but we 're going to do everything we can to increase its cost so we can have a level playing field . "
The public option has to be aggressive , and it's got to be able to compete everywhere to counter - act the monopoly some insurers have in regional markets .
And Democrats , like Senator Charles Schumer , should take care to remember that even with a weakened public option or a toothless public option , the insurers will STILL fight against its inclusion in health care reform .
Now , once again , why am I asking Senator Kennedy not to let us down on a Medicare - like public option ?
It 's because of what he wrote in this editorial in the Boston Globe that gave me pause :
We 'll make it illegal for insurers to deny coverage because of a preexisting condition or to impose other restrictions that keep you from getting the care you need .
We 're also hearing that some Americans want the choice of enrolling in a health insurance program backed by the government for the public good , not private profit - so that option will be available too .
That to me indicates a limited public option .
I do n't want that to happen .
Do you ?
I want a strong , robust Medicare - like public option that is funded by the government , and is OPEN TO ALL AMERICANS , not just " some Americans . "
Then please CALL Senator Edward Kennedy at ( 202 ) 224-4543 with this message below :
Say how glad that you are that Senator Kennedy is back to help lead the fight for health care reform .
Ask him to support a strong , robust Medicare - like public option OPEN TO ALL AMERICANS because you need it as an American .
Ask him to lead this effort to support the Medicare - like public option that is funded by the government , and that you want him and the 30 other Senate Democrats to vote against any health care reform bill that does NOT include the public option or has a watered - down public option or has the public option as a " trigger " or " fall - back " option .
Please CALL Senator Max Baucus at ( 202 ) 224-2651 with this message below :
Tell Senator Baucus that you DO NOT want the 7 - year trigger for the public option and take it off the table , and that you want him to support a strong , robust Medicare - like public option .
We NEED a strong , robust Medicare - like public option NOW OPEN TO ALL AMERICANS , not more of the SAME broken system that 's given us unaffordable premiums , little private insurance coverage , and rising co-pays .
Also , do n't TAX OUR EMPLOYER HEALTH BENEFITS .
Instead , follow the proposal by President Obama to tax the wealthy above $ 250,000 , eliminate the overpayments in Medicare Advantage , and put tax capital gains to help fund health care reform .
Please CALL Senator Charles Schumer at 202-224-6542 with this message below :
Tell Senator Schumer that you DO NOT want the 7 - year trigger for the public option and take it off the table , and that you want him to support a strong , robust Medicare - like public option .
We NEED a strong , robust Medicare - like public option NOW OPEN TO ALL AMERICANS , not more of the SAME broken system that 's given us unaffordable premiums , little private insurance coverage , and rising co-pays .
Also , do n't TAX OUR EMPLOYER HEALTH BENEFITS .
Instead , follow the proposal by President Obama to tax the wealthy above $ 250,000 , eliminate the overpayments in Medicare Advantage , and put tax capital gains to help fund health care reform .
You can even use the Senate Switchboard phone number to call your own senators below :
Senate Switchboard
( 202 ) 224-3121
And do n't forget the White House as well !
CALL the White House at : 202-456-1111 and E - MAIL them as well !
Also , it looks like our message yesterday about not taxing our employer health benefits got through to one of the House committee chairmen that we targeted , and here 's what Rep. Charlie Rangel said about taxing employer health benefits below :
Representative Charles Rangel said a public plan is essential to compete with private insurers and hold down medical costs .
A Senate proposal that does n’t contain the public option is " totally unacceptable , " the New York Democrat , chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee , said in an interview today .
" It ’s my political judgment a plan without the public option would not be able to pass the House , " Rangel said after a speech at a health - care forum in Manhattan .
...
Rangel said in the interview that he ’s uneasy about a proposal by Baucus and other senators that would tax employer - provided health benefits .
" I really do n’t think it ’s a good law to do that , " Rangel said , without ruling it out .
And let 's keep on the pressure on these three House chairmen about a Medicare - like public option that is OPEN TO ALL AMERICANS , subsidized by the government through progressive financing revenues , and without a tax on employer health benefit plans below :
Also , can you please CALL these THREE chairmen in the House of Representatives , especially Rep. Waxman who 's leading the charge on health care reform below ?
Ways and Means Committee Chair Charlie Rangel ( ( 202 ) 225-3625 ) Energy and Commerce Committee Chair Henry Waxman ( ( 202 ) 225-2927 ) Education and Labor Committee Chair George Miller ( ( 202 ) 225-3725 )
So , PLEASE CALL and let them KNOW that you want a Medicare - like public option in health care reform !
Ask them not to pass a bill out of the House that does NOT include a strong , robust Medicare - like public option OPEN TO ALL AMERICANS .
A Medicare - like public option is the line in the sand for me .
Is it the line in the sand for you as well ?
If so , then CALL , and help keep this on the rec list so others can see the phone numbers and call too today .
Thank you !
Also , do n't forget to help out Netroots Nation 2009 by donating to Democracy For America to help out more people like me attend Netroots Nation in Pittsburgh !
EDIT : Just placed this on Digg !
Digg This Up !
UPDATE : Ben Nelson now open to public option in health care reform ????
Researchers have calculated that the energy required to produce bottled water is up to 2,000 times more than the energy required to produce tap water .
Image credit : Wikimedia Commons .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Most people who buy bottled water have access to clean drinking water virtually for free ( in the US , tap water costs less than a penny per gallon , on average ) .
Nevertheless , the consumption of bottled water continues to grow , far surpassing the US sales of milk and beer , and second only to soft drinks .
Since world consumption of bottled water has increased by 70 % since 2001 to 200 billion liters in 2007 , some people have become concerned about the environmental , economical , and social impacts of bottled water .
In a recent study , researchers Peter Gleick and Heather Cooley from the Pacific Institute in Oakland , California , have estimated the energy required to produce bottled water , including the energy required to manufacture plastic , fabricate the plastic into bottles , process the water , fill and seal the bottles , transport the bottles , and chill the bottles for use .
Combining all the energy input totals , Gleick and Cooley found that producing bottled water requires between 5.6 and 10.2 million joules of energy per liter , depending on transportation factors ( a typical personal - sized water bottle is about 0.5 liters ) .
That ’s up to 2,000 times the energy required to produce tap water , which costs about 0.005 million joules per liter for treatment and distribution .
In 2007 , US consumers purchased more than 33 billion liters of bottled water , or 110 liters ( 30 gallons ) per person .
The total energy required to produce 33 billion liters is equivalent to 32 - 54 million barrels of oil ( although not all the energy used comes from oil ) .
Energy to produce bottled water accounts for about one - third of one percent of total US energy consumption .
To break down the energy requirements , Gleick and Cooley found that producing the plastic bottles and transporting the bottles greatly dominated the energy input .
Most single - use plastic water bottles are made out of polyethylene terephthalate ( PET ) , recognized in the US by the recycling code “ 1 ” imprinted on the bottle .
Large containers are more likely made of polycarbonate , which requires about 40 % more energy to produce than bottle - grade PET .
Although some companies are experimenting with producing lightweight bottles , the researchers calculated that the manufacturing cost of PET is about 4 million joules of energy per typical 1 - liter PET bottle weighing 38 grams , and the cap weighing 2 grams .
Even though using recycled materials could lead to some energy savings , almost all plastic bottles for water are currently made from virgin PET .
“ Our previous work had suggested that bottled water production was an energy - intensive process , but we were surprised to see that the energy equivalent of nearly 17 million barrels of oil are required to produce the PET bottles alone , ” Cooley told PhysOrg.com .
Transportation costs vary depending on the distance and mode of transport , and both factors depend on the type of bottled water .
There are two main kinds of bottled water in the US : “ spring water , ” which comes from an underground spring , and accounts for 56 % of US sales ; and “ purified water , ” which is municipal tap water that has received further treatment , and accounts for 44 % of US sales .
Spring water can only be derived from certain locations , while purified water can be produced locally .
( In the US , Nestlé is the largest producer of spring water , while Coca - Cola ( Dasani ) , Pepsi ( Aquafina ) and Nestlé ( Pure Life ) account for most of the country ’s purified water sales . )
In their analysis , Gleick and Cooley evaluated three different transportation scenarios , and calculated the energy requirements per liter of bottled water .
For purified water distributed locally by truck within Los Angeles , the total transportation energy is about 1.4 million joules per liter .
In the second situation , spring water shipped from Fiji ( such as Fiji Spring Water ) across the Pacific to Los Angeles , and then delivered locally by truck , requires about 4 million joules per liter for transportation .
Third , spring water transported by truck from French springs ( such as Evian ) to French sea ports , then shipped across the Atlantic , transported by train from the east coast to Los Angeles , and then delivered locally by truck has a transportation energy cost of about 5.8 million joules per liter .
For the two spring water scenarios , the transportation energy equaled ( in the case of Fiji ) or exceeded ( in the case of France ) the energy required to produce the bottle .
The energy required for processing , bottling , sealing , labeling , and refrigeration were much smaller than the energy for making the bottles and transporting them .
With this data , the researchers hope that future studies will have the ability to make specific estimates for different scenarios , and possibly find ways to cut energy costs .
“ With the US consumption of bottled water exceeding 33 billion liters a year , and with intensifying efforts to reduce energy use and greenhouse gas emissions , these data should help identify ways to reduce the energy costs of bottled water and may help consumers themselves make more environmentally sustainable choices , ” Cooley said .
More information : Gleick , P.H. and Cooley , H.S. “ Energy implications of bottled water . ” Environmental Research Letters 4 ( 2009 ) 014009 ( 6 pp ) .
Copyright 2009 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
Explore further Perception , Status and Bottled Water
When Frederick Taylor wrote The Principles of Scientific Management in 1911 , it made sense .
Taylor thought management could be rationalised .
He invented the time and motion study .
He taught managers to develop clear and repeatable workflow processes .
Taylor saw industrial - era workers as machines .
It took a while , but his ideas were picked up by people like Henry Ford .
Industrial business owners made fortunes as they revolutionised their workplaces .
Scientific management helped the west win a world war and continued as a powerful influence well into the 1970s and 1980s .
It lives on today in industrial workplaces .
Maybe it still has a place in factories and sweat shops .
Yet , as Helen Whitehead from the Reach Further website explains , it certainly does n’t have a place in the knowledge economy .
You ca n’t hurry or streamline true knowledge work in the same way you can automate car manufacturing .
This has n’t stopped managers from trying .
Whitehead ’s story mentions dehumanising digital surveillance technologies like keystroke logging and email monitoring as examples of digital taylorism .
They are all nasty and ultimately counter - productive .
What often looks like slacking ; long conversations in the tea room , café meetings and even leaving the office early for drinks with colleagues and customers can be as productive as slaving over a hot computer .
Building relations , shooting the breeze and exchanging ideas are often important aspects of creative knowledge work .
What ’s more , it ’s rich for an employer who expects staff to work unpaid overtime , accept business calls and deal with email at all hours of the day and night to object to personal phone calls .
Make that rich and counter - productive .
Like this : Like Loading ...
For a few weeks , journalist Mat Honan used every piece of software he could get his hands on to broadcast his location and activities to the world , his friends , and nearby strangers .
To test whether I was being paranoid , I ran a little experiment .
On a sunny Saturday , I spotted a woman in Golden Gate Park taking a photo with a 3G iPhone .
Because iPhones embed geodata into photos that users upload to Flickr or Picasa , iPhone shots can be automatically placed on a map .
At home I searched the Flickr map , and score — a shot from today .
I clicked through to the user ’s photostream and determined it was the woman I had seen earlier .
After adjusting the settings so that only her shots appeared on the map , I saw a cluster of images in one location .
Clicking on them revealed photos of an apartment interior — a bedroom , a kitchen , a filthy living room .
Now I know where she lives .
Hi-Def Video
Experience the space program like never before in stunning HD video !
Shuttle mission STS - 125
Atlantis readied for final mission to service the Hubble Space Telescope .
FULL INDEX
Shuttle mission STS - 127
Endeavour 's dual preps for standby rescue craft and June construction flight to space station .
FULL INDEX
Shuttle mission STS - 119
Take a loop around the International Space Station aboard the shuttle Discovery in stunning high definition .
FULL INDEX
Launch of Kepler
Kepler planet - finder begins its mission to discover Earth - like worlds orbiting other stars in the galaxy .
FULL INDEX
LRO and LCROSS
NASA 's new lunar orbiter and impactor experiment are being prepped for launch in May .
FULL INDEX
Delta 4 and GOES O
A Delta 4 rocket has rolled out to launch a new geostationary weather satellite .
FULL INDEX
Shuttle mission STS - 126
High definition from orbit !
New clips from Endeavour 's mission to the space station .
FULL INDEX
From the vault
Historical footage from the early days of the space program .
FULL INDEX
Become a subscriber
More video
Russian lunar and Mars missions face delays
BY CRAIG COVAULT
SPACEFLIGHT NOW
Posted : April 25 , 2009
The planned revival by Russia of its once mighty lunar and planetary robotic exploration program is beginning to falter due to Russian budget and spacecraft problems .
The difficulties are threatening to delay Russia 's first mission to the Moon in 33 years .
A Russian roundtrip mission to the Martian moon Phobos is also in trouble .
Russian lunar orbiter with penetrators and small soft lander station is shown in launch configuration .
The flight is the former USSR 's first lunar mission in 33 years , but is running into development trouble .
Credit : IKI
The former Soviet Union , which launched dozens of successful deep - space probes in the 1960s - 1980s , has not flown a fully successful planetary mission of any kind since the 1984 Vega 2 Halley 's Comet / Venus mission .
And it has launched no successful missions to the Moon or Mars in 33 years .
In an effort to revive the Russian lunar program , the unique Russian " Lunar Glob " orbiter is to fire instrumented Russian penetrators into the Apollo 11 and Apollo 12 landing sites explored by U.S. astronauts nearly 40 years ago .
The Russian mission , equipped with several surface penetrators and perhaps a small soft lander , is set for launch in 2012 .
But that plan is going to be reviewed extensively in May and June by the Russian government and its contractor Lavochkin .
Lunar Glob 's stationary lander would be dropped into a south polar crater to obtain multispectral data in a search for signs of lunar water ice , while seismometers on the penetrators would help determine whether the Moon has a molten core .
The molten core issue is important to determining how the moon was formed .
The Russian flight is to follow up on the U.S. Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter mission set for launch June 2 on an Atlas 5 and carrying its own lunar impactor called the Lunar Crater Observation and Sensing Satellite .
The U.S. impactor will be mounted on the Atlas 5 Centaur upper stage .
Once the Centaur powers LRO toward the Moon , the U.S. impactor will also be separated to eventually fly in trail of the Centaur .
The plan is for the Centaur to impact the Moon at a south polar site shading potential water ice molecules .
They hopefully would be blasted into space where they would be sensed by the Lunar Crater Observation and Sensing Satellite that would fly through the Centaur 's impact plume before it too hits the Moon .
All of this will also be watched by sensors on LRO .
The Russian mission would also build on the Japanese SELENE , Chinese Chang'e 1 and Indian Chandrayaan 1 orbiters currently operating at the Moon .
Two artist concepts of the Russian mission , as currently configured , show the orbiter in its launch configuration equipped with a top - mounted ball - shaped soft lander .
Note that the lander sphere has its own retro propulsion system .
Mounted around the sides of the orbiter are eight penetrators , four pointed up and four more pointed down with rocket acceleration systems .
The second drawing shows how the orbiter would appear midway through its mission , firing its first four penetrators to the Moon below .
The remaining four up - pointed penetrators have yet to be fired , but the ball - shaped lander and its retro system are missing , having been separated for landing before the orbiter fired it own engines to enter lunar orbit .
This artist 's concept shows Russian seismometer - equipped lunar penetrators being fired toward the Moon , including the Apollo 11 and 12 landing sites .
Four other penetrators ( pointed up ) are yet to be deployed .
Note small soft lander is missing from atop spacecraft compared with the illustration above , indicating the soft lander has also been separated in this graphic .
Credit : IKI
The exact configuration of the Lunar Glob mission will be revamped beginning in May , says Alexander Basilevsky , director of the Laboratory of Comparative Planetology at the Vernadsky Institute in Moscow .
The Russian lunar and planetary mission situation was addressed by both U.S. and Russian scientists at the recent Lunar and Planetary Science Conference in Houston .
Basilevsky and other top Russian lunar and planetary scientists in Houston and Moscow told Spaceflight Now they hoped to stick to the planned 2012 launch date in spite of changes underway to the penetrator and small lander configuration .
That hopeful approach is not supported by details emerging from Russia , according to Anatoly Zak , a Russian space expert who manages the authoritative RussianSpaceWeb.com .
Zak believes the lunar mission is in for a delay , something Basilevsky and other top Russian planetary managers are not ready to concede .
" The mission is scheduled for 2012 and not later , " says Erik Galimov , who heads the Vernadsky Institute of Geochemistry an Analytical Chemistry , one of Russia 's preeminent research organizations .
" If we want to change something we need to do it by May or June , " he says .
The views of Galimov and Basilevsky carry weight because they are two of Russia 's foremost lunar and planetary researchers with high credibility among their international colleagues .
If they say they are going to try and keep the mission on schedule , fellow researchers in the U.S. and India tell Spaceflight
Now they are inclined to give them the benefit of the doubt even if the science payload is modified in May and June .
A delay of the lunar penetrators flight could also , however , have a domino effect on India 's offer to launch a small Russian lunar rover in a lunar cooperative mission as early as 2012 - 2013 .
That rover flight has been pictured by Russia as a follow - on to the penetrator mission .
Planning for the rover could theoretically be moved ahead of the penetrator flight , however , if Russia gets a free launch from India in exchange for scientific and other cooperation with India .
The Lunar Glob mission instrument configuration will be a Lavochkin and science team decision , while a cooperative mission decision , involving a lunar rover and Indian launch , will be made at the highest level in the Kremlin .
Galimov said the options involve removing either the soft lander or reducing the penetrator count to a different mix than that shown in the concept drawings .
The Russian Lunar Glob penetrators would be equipped with seismometers to detect moonquakes .
The instruments are being designed to broaden data on moonquakes to prove or disprove theories on how the Moon was formed and whether it has a molten core .
Many U.S. scientists favor a theory that early in its history while still molten , the Earth collided with a planetoid sized body that ripped material away from Earth that later collapsed into what became the Moon .
Some top Russians including Galimov believe that model does not fit other theories that the Moon had already been largely formed and was captured by Earth , not blasted out of it .
The Apollo 11 and 12 sites have been chosen as target areas because crews on these and all other Apollo landings deployed seismometers to detect moonquakes to answer the same questions posed by the Russians .
Apollo 11 astronaut Buzz Aldrin stands beside first seismometer deployed on the Moon in this picture taken by Neil Armstrong nearly 40 years ago on July 20 , 1969 .
Lunar Module Eagle and the U.S. flag are in background .
Russians are planning to fire seismometer - equipped penetrators into the Apollo 11 and Apollo 12 landing sites to expand on Apollo seismometer data .
Credit : NASA
The Apollo 11 solar array powered seismometer detected moonquakes for only three weeks before failing .
The Apollo 12 seismometer , however , was nuclear powered and lasted until 1977 as did similar seismometers on Apollo 14 , 15 , 16 and 17 .
About 30 natural moonquakes were recorded by the Apollo seismometers between 1969 - 1977 , all quite shallow and many strong enough to move furniture ( relative to typical earthquakes ) had there been any furniture on the Moon .
Most of these were caused by large landslides in crater walls , geologists believe .
Other seismometer data was obtained deliberately by the impact of Apollo Saturn S - 4B upper stages or Lunar Module ascent stages crashed into the Moon to generate data for the seismometers .
As one scientist said at the time , " they made the Moon ring like a bell " but still did not answer the molten core question .
The Apollo 14 site has also been considered by the Russians as a target area .
It was Apollo 12 seismometer data that renewed interest in keeping the Apollo 14 landing site at Fra Mauro , after Apollo 13 failed to land at that planned site .
The Russian sensors would help initiate the new Lunar Robotic Network that Russia , the U.S. , European Space Agency and several other countries signed an agreement to gradually build during the 2008 LPSC meeting in Houston .
The objective is to gradually build an international network on the Moon of long - lived seismic , heat flow and other instrumentation .
The lunar mission is not alone in its development difficulties .
So is an even more complex mission that would be the first robotic roundtrip between Earth and the vicinity of Mars .
Spacecraft development problems will likely delay that flight , which was to have been launched late this year to land on the Martian moon Phobos and return to Earth samples of the moon .
This graphic depicts the Russian Phobos lander and sample return spacecraft .
Actual spacecraft is about 8 feet tall and 10 feet wide .
The mission had been planned for launch in October but will be slipped to 2011 - 2012 .
Credit : Lavochkin/CNES
A Russian announcement on the delay of the Phobos mission is imminent , says Zak , who first reported it on his Web site and then in an article for the magazine IEEE Spectrum .
The launch delay for that flight will be from October of this year to the next Mars launch window in late 2011 or early 2012 , he says .
" All this is going to end up in a scandal , " Roald Sagdeev told Spectrum .
The Phobos mission has become " so politically loaded that people involved will probably be reluctant to admit the true state of affairs until the very last minute , " he told the IEEE magazine .
Sagdeev formally headed the Space Research Institute ( IKI ) in Moscow , which oversees the science program of the Phobos mission .
Sagdeev earlier played a key role in championing space science cooperation between the U.S. and Russia .
He is now a physics professor at the University of Maryland .
The intrinsic rotation of electrons – the " spin " – is a promising property for future electronics devices .
If use as an information carrier were possible , the processing power of electronic components would suddenly increase to a multiple of the present capacity .
In cooperation with colleagues from Dortmund , St. Petersburg and Washington , Ruhr - Universität Bochum physicists have now succeeded in aligning electron spin , bringing it to a controlled " waver " and reading it out .
The electron spin can also be realigned as required at any time using optical pulses .
" This is the first , important step toward addressing these " quantum bits " , which will form an integral part of data transfer systems and processors in the future , " said Prof. Andreas Wieck .
The researchers have published their report in Nature Physics .
Complex Calculations in Minimum Space
Modern electronics is based on electrical charges :
If a memory cell ( bit ) has an electrical charge , it represents a logical " 1 " ; if no charge is present , this is a logical " 0 " .
However , electrons have more than just a charge – they spin like a top around their own axis , producing a magnetic field , similar to the earth .
This spin can be accelerated or decelerated by applying an external magnetic field .
The " top " begins to waver and its axis tips to virtually any desired angle .
advertisement
If these manifold possibilities were used as information carriers , it would be possible to store a great deal more information than just " 0 " and " 1 " with an electron .
Moreover adjacent electrons could be moved into various configurations , because they exert forces on one another in the same manner as two magnets on a bulletin board .
This phenomenon would provide a significantly more complex base for data storage and processing .
Even a small quantity of these so - call quantum bits ( qubits ) , would allow extremely complex calculations , for which millions of bits are required today .
Confinement of Spins in Indium - Arsenic Islands
Naturally , one single electron has only a very small measurable effect .
For this reason , individual electron measurements can only be performed with great difficulty using highly sensitive instruments .
This is why the international research team has specialized in confining nearly one million electrons each in virtually identical indium - arsenic islands ( " quantum dots " ) and totaling their effect .
These " ensemble " measurements provide signals which are stronger by a magnitude of six , making them very sturdy and allowing them to be recorded easily .
" Contrary to the preconceptions of many international competitors , all associated electron spins exhibit precisely the same behavior , and the microscopic effects can therefore be measured very easily , " stated Wieck .
Optical Switching of Quantum Dots
In their study , the physicists were not only successful in aligning the electron spin ; they also managed to rotate it optically using a laser pulse in any desired direction at any time and read this direction out with a further laser pulse .
This is the first important step towards " addressing " and influencing qubits .
" The interesting factor here is that these electrons are enclosed in solid bodies , so we no longer need complex high vacuum equipment and light occlusion on all sides to keep them permanently in a module as in quantum optics , " stressed Prof .
Wieck .
In Bochum , the extremely high vacuum is required only once during production of the quantum dot ; after that the semiconductor system is sealed against air ingress , has a long service life and is just as reliable as all transistors and memory cells already in use today .
Yesterday 's Oprah was wonderfully progressive , teaching parents how to talk to their daughters about sex , which included encouraging them to discuss the importance of pleasure , masturbation , and ( gasp ! ) the purchase of vibrators .
O's sex expert , Dr. Laura Berman , suggested that parents have a discussion about the basic mechanics of the male and female anatomies when their kids are around 10 or 11 years old .
Then , when children are 14 or 15 , parents should have an in - depth conversation about self - stimulation , and mention that one option includes vibrators .
Advertisement
Gayle and some of the moms in the audience were totally freaked out by this .
Gayle said it was " too much information , " but the whole point of the show was that kids are learning about sex in other places anyway , so parents should take the wheel and edify their spawn themselves to ensure they are getting accurate information .
Dr. Berman 's argument to scared moms is that it 's important that girls not only know about their own bodies but understand what it means to reach an orgasm .
Because if they know what an orgasm is , and that they can do it for themselves , then they can own it , and they will know that they never have to depend on another person to make them feel that way .
Beyond the Sun See the Real Capital Analytics report
Sun coverage Sun business and economy coverage
Commercial properties valued at a whopping $ 7.885 billion are in trouble in Las Vegas as casinos struggle under the weight of the recession and office buildings and shopping malls lose or are unable to find tenants , a research firm says .
Real Capital Analytics Inc. of New York said that in terms of troubled commercial properties and loans against them , Las Vegas ranks second in the nation behind the much larger New York market , with $ 8.525 billion of loans and property in trouble , and is ahead of the far larger Los Angeles market at $ 5.02 billion .
Real Capital senior market analyst Jessica Ruderman said the problem has accelerated in Las Vegas since February 2008 , when loans on troubled local properties totaled $ 4.8 billion , or 17 percent of the market .
She estimated the new figure of $ 7.885 billion represents about 25 percent of the market .
The company identifies properties that are in trouble by looking at foreclosures , tenant departures and the weakening finances of their owners , among other factors , she said .
For instance , the Las Vegas numbers include the Tropicana hotel - casino , which is in bankruptcy ; the Riviera hotel - casino , which has warned it may need to seek bankruptcy ; and two shopping malls owned by struggling real estate giant General Growth Properties Inc .
Those malls are the Fashion Show and the Shoppes at the Palazzo , both on the Las Vegas Strip .
The problem in Las Vegas , and other markets , is that developers and other borrowers who run into trouble because of the economy are having difficulty refinancing their debt ; while lenders increasingly are having to make concessions so they do n't have to foreclose on the properties , Ruderman said .
So far , she said , government assistance to banks has n't freed up a lot of credit , " But we 're hopeful that will help . ''
Jeremy Aguero , a principal at Applied Analysis in Las Vegas , noted that in Las Vegas there are signs of life in residential real estate .
On Thursday , Las Vegas was among the cities highlighted by BusinessWeek in a story called " Housing : Signs of Life . ''
" The foreclosure - torn city saw a 108 percent increase in home sales in February as buyers scooped up homes at 2002 prices , '' BusinessWeek said of Las Vegas .
Aguero's firm has identified commercial real estate as the top economic challenge in Las Vegas this year and no turnaround in that sector is foreseen through 2010 as new product -- started when the economy was strong -- continues to come into an already oversupplied market .
There will soon be five years worth of inventory to absorb in the local office market , which is already struggling with a vacancy rate of 17 percent , Aguero said .
Aguero said it 's hoped that government assistance to lenders will help free up credit , but that in many cases in the commercial market the only alternative is bankruptcy because so many properties are under water , meaning they are worth less than what is owed on them .
It 's also hoped that government stimulus packages will create jobs , which would improve consumer spending and hopefully help struggling retailers and their landlords .
Overall , he said , a local economic rebound " is still too early to call . ''
— Be Responsible By Telling Your Kids These Important Things
Normally parents do not talk to their kids anything regarding sex .
For them , either it is ‘ taboo ’ or they think that their child is not yet grown up enough to talk about it .
This fact is observed almost in every country and the rate of becoming an early mother [ Teen pregnancy ] is very high .
In this aspect , lack of sex education for kids played a major role for such a case .
But how would you talk to kids about sex ?
Is it really that difficult ?
No , it is not !
You only need to know the right way to make the conversation .
Among the biggest reasons of parents feeling discomfort while talking to their kids regarding sex is an avoidance of sex related issues during family conversations .
Parents never talk to their children on such issues .
Therefore , when they need to start sex education for children , they start looking at the corners .
Nevertheless , your parents have never made a conversation with you on this issue but you can educate your kids right now to change this negative habit .
You may abide with following rules to reduce the level of awkwardness from this tête - à - tête .
1 . You should assess the level of your own comfort prior to the beginning of the conversation .
Uneasiness frequently delivers a negative message , which can be confusing for children .
2 . You should first talk to your trusted friend and get an advice from a medical professional or if you wish , you may contact the spiritual healer too .
3 . In accordance with studies , kids of open minded parents feel a better zone of comfort while talking and they carefully listen to the words when they are said .
4 . You are not able to reduce the discomfort .
You can get the help of books .
There are many books available , which will help you in getting to know how to make the talk about sex an easy job .
If you do not want to look at books , you may get the help of the extensive world of the Internet .
Checkout related sites and make your kids aware in the most sensuous manner .
You can get help from current events as well .
These will be the most effective manners to make them understand .
5 . A conversation related to sex is not the most important thing for you and your kids , as you will be making more sensible delivery to them on different aspects of life .
Hence , avoid building an awkward position while talking about it .
6 . Opt for a friendly conversation place while teaching kids about sex .
It can be a quiet booth in an uncrowded restaurant or inside your car .
7 . While watching television , it so happens that a similar issue comes , try to teach your kids at that exact time .
There is no other best time than this .
8 . You can ask help from the media , as in the present scenario , the media is showing many issues on realistic topics .
You may draw attention on these situations to show examples to your kids and begin the conversation .
9 . The best time to introduce sex education for kids is when your child wants to know what their “ peepee ” is .
If you talk to your children in a developmentally correct way , you will not feel inconvenient .
For making it more simpler , you can buy a book on sexuality for kids to guide you for explaining tougher topics .
10 .
Prepare your kids for puberty - caused body changes and related issues .
The moment a child grows , they simultaneously experience physical changes to get into puberty .
They generally have lots of questions on their minds about these sudden changes .
You may guide them here :
You can talk about the changes in their bodies and what are the meanings of these changes .
Make comments on topics such as emotional and gaze pressure .
Nonetheless , some topics make you uncomfortable , but try to be truthful on such issues .
Children are more likely to know about petting and oral sex , diseases and many others in the long run .
This is the time when you can make them aware of the moral and principled implications of being sexually active and tell them about some ways of prevention from getting pregnant .
, diseases and many others in the long run .
This is the time when you can make them aware of the moral and principled implications of being sexually active and tell them about some ways of prevention from getting pregnant .
You can talk about masturbation also .
This is very natural and nothing is embarrassing with it .
Just do not talk about this subject as if you were hesitating .
also .
This is very natural and nothing is embarrassing with it .
Just do not talk about this subject as if you were hesitating .
Sexual fantasies in kids are very natural , do not make any attempt which will confuse them and may later make them feel ashamed .
11 . While talking to teenage kids about sexual issues , you must take note that you are not using any pet name to substitute for the real names of sexual organs .
This may lead to further misinterpretation .
12 . What to do when your teenage kid is sexually active ?
In such situations , you may start an immediate conversation .
Even if it is not that avoidable , you can ensure a few important things as you can help them in understanding responsibilities and taking healthy decisions .
To make them understand , assure them that you will always listen to them and also offer required advices .
Try to help them in getting measures of birth - control and required protection .
Do not make sexuality as a problem .
It is not a problem to begin with .
It ’s a grace of God that should be used properly .
You must share your own values to kids but it should not be in a preaching manner .
A lectured discussion will set them of and they will avoid listening to you .
If they are struck with a situation in which they were not ready to engage in sex but still had sex , you can make them realize that it has already gone .
You can tell them about second virginity and assist them in taking an intelligent step next time .
13 .
While teaching kids about sex , you must make an honest comment .
You should pass the message to your kids .
Passing the pressure to somebody else for telling your kids on the topic of sex is not acceptable and it is just the same in situations , when they are getting pressured by someone else .
14 .
The moment you talk about measures of birth control , you should make the child know as to where they can get or buy these items .
15 .
It is not just the body that ties two partners .
There is a big emotional quotient too .
Teach your kids to respect this emotional quotient .
It is a very important part of his or her personality development .
You must make them aware of their sexual orientation and what can be the pros and cons of a life - changing decision .
Sex education for kids is a continuing process of communication , which you can deliver to your kids .
It is important to incorporate certain know - how of this universal fact in their minds to make them more receptive and responsible in their life .
This in turn can let them enjoy a healthy life - style as well .
More Resources :
Benefits Of Attending Parenting Classes
Tips To Control Television Viewing In Children !
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website .
For more information on what data is contained in the cookies or to change your settings , please see our Cookie policy .
The passenger of a small plane in the US filmed its emergency landing after its engine cut out above a main road .
Footage courtesy of Kyle Davis & Joe Surowiec .
Ms Prejean says showing the photos was an attempt to mock her faith Miss California Carrie Prejean could be stripped of her title after organisers say she breached her contract by keeping topless photos secret .
In April Ms Prejean made headlines at the Miss USA beauty pageant with her outspoken opposition to gay marriage , which she says cost her that title .
Ms Prejean says the publication of the pictures were an attempt to silence her for " defending traditional marriages " .
A spokesman for the pageant said her disqualification was being discussed .
Apart from not being up front over the semi-nude pictures which appeared on an internet site , organisers of the Miss California USA pageant say Carrie Prejean also breached her contract by appearing unauthorised in commercials .
Ms Prejean said in a statement she posed for the photos which show her topless but with her arm covering most of her breast when she was 17 , hoping to become a lingerie model .
' Christian and model '
She described the publication of the pictures as an attempt to " openly mock me for my Christian faith " .
" I am a Christian , and I am a model .
Models pose for pictures , including lingerie and swimwear photos , " she said .
Roger Neat , a spokesman for the Miss California USA pageant , said organisers and lawyers were " going over the legalities and clearly she breached her contract " .
Talks with the runner - up in the Miss California competition were being held , to discuss " the possible next steps " .
During the Miss USA pageant last month Carrie Prejean said she believed that " a marriage should be between a man and a woman " .
Last week Ms Prejean announced that she would star in new $ 1.5 m ad campaign funded by the National Organization for Marriage , a group that is opposed to same - sex marriage .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
KESWICK , Ontario , April 30 ( UPI ) --
A small Canadian town in southern Ontario is divided over charges against an Asian immigrant youth who responded to a bully 's punch with one of his own .
The confrontation occurred April 21 in Keswick , 40 miles north of Toronto , between two 15 - year - old boys during a game in the high school gymnasium .
Neither boy can be identified , The Globe and Mail said .
Advertisement
One student who immigrated to Canada from South Korea in 2004 told police a white student shoved him , called him an " ( expletive ) Chinese " and hit him in the mouth .
The Korean youth had been trained in martial arts by his father , a former member of South Korea 's national martial arts team .
The youth told police he had been trained to only hit back with his left hand and , with one punch , broke the other youth 's nose , the Globe reported .
The boy was charged with assault causing bodily harm , suspended from school and may face expulsion .
However , police reopened the case as a possible hate - crime after 400 mostly white students walked out of the high school Monday in protest of how the Korean youth was treated , The Globe and Mail said .
York Regional Police said further charges against others were possible .
One - night stand man wakes to find lover has carved her name into his arm
A drunken fling ended in disaster for a man who woke up to find his lover 's name carved into his arm .
Dominique Fisher , 22 , used a Stanley knife to write her name on Wayne Robinson 's upper arm .
She inflicted the injuries on the 24 - year - old at her home in Blackburn , Lancashire .
One - night stand gone awry : Wayne Fisher awoke to find Dominique Fisher had carved her name into his arm
Mr Robinson woke to find his body decorated with a star on his back , ' Dominique ' written on his upper right arm , and numerous slash marks on his left arm and shoulder .
He told police he had drunk vodka and taken Valium and was not awake during the incident on the night of June 14 last year .
Mr Robinson said he panicked when he woke up and took a taxi back to his home in Fleetwood , Lancashire .
He said : ' I went to her place for sex , not to be tattoed .
I can't believe she did this to me and I hate her .
Fisher was found guilty of unlawfully wounding Mr Robinson .
She will be sentenced later this month
' When I woke I was covered in blood .
Dominique was snoring .
I just had to get out of there .
I did n't even wake her to ask what she 'd done . '
' I'm scarred for life , ' he told The Sun . ' I wish I 'd never met her . '
Fisher was found guilty of one charge of unlawful wounding at Preston Crown Court on Monday , following a two - day trial .
She will be sentenced on February 27 at Preston Crown Court .
Aftermath : Fisher left Mr Robinson covered in knife wounds
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - People who regularly eat burned or charred red meat , like that cooked on a grill , have a 60 percent higher risk of pancreatic cancer , U.S. researchers reported Tuesday .
Cooks grill chianina steaks at a barbeque in Cortona , Italy August 15 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Marco Bucco
The finding is one of the strongest yet linking very well - done meat , especially red meat , to cancer .
“ Our findings in this study are further evidence that turning down the heat when grilling , frying , and barbecuing to avoid excess burning or charring of the meat may be a sensible way for some people to lower their risk for getting pancreatic cancer , ” Kristin Anderson of the University of Minnesota , who led the study , said in a statement .
“ I ’ve focused my research on pancreatic cancer for some time to identify ways to prevent this cancer because treatments are very limited and the cancer is often rapidly fatal , ” said Anderson , who presented her findings to meeting of the American Association of Cancer Research in Denver .
Charred meat contains several known cancer - causing chemicals , including heterocyclic amines .
Many studies have linked these compounds with cancer risk , although they have mostly been based on people remembering what they ate in the past .
Anderson ’s team started with 62,000 healthy people and documented what they actually did eat .
Over nine years , 208 were diagnosed with pancreatic cancer .
When divided into five groups based on how much charred meat such as hamburgers they ate , the people diagnosed with pancreatic cancer were far more likely to be in the top two groups .
“ We found that those who preferred very well - done steak were almost 60 percent more likely to get pancreatic cancer as those who ate steak less well - done or did not eat steak , ” Anderson said .
“ Those with the highest intake of very well - done meat had a 70 percent higher risk for pancreatic cancer over those with the lowest consumption . ”
However , another study done at the conference found no link between eating charred meat and the risk of colon cancer .
Probably everyone has seen Red Square and the Kremlin , probably they are the main symbol of Russia if to say in representation terms or associations .
Not everyone has seen those in big detail .
The star above is one of the Red Stars that are on top of the Kremlin towers .
Each Red Star of the Kremlin weighs more than a ton but can rotate as weathercock wherever the wind blows .
They are made from special “ Ruby Glass ” and have two layers of the glass making the stars looking red in any weather .
The power consumption of each star is around 5 kWt .
They have been damaged during the World War 2 and were refurbished later .
Below there are some more close - ups of the Red Square ensemble .
photos by Serge Freeman
Google has disabled user uploads and comments on the Korean version of its YouTube video portal in reaction to a new law that requires the real name of a contributor be listed along with each contribution they make .
The rules , part of a Cyber Defamation Law , came into effect on April 1 for all sites with over 100,000 unique visitors per day .
It requires that users provide their real name and national ID card number .
In response to the requirements Google has stopped users from uploading via its Korean portal rather than start a new registration system .
" We have a bias in favor of freedom of expression and are committed to openness , " said Lucinda Barlow , a spokeswoman for YouTube in Asia .
" It 's very important that if users want to be anonymous that they have that chance . "
But while the move obeys the letter of the law it skirts around the spirit of it by allowing users based in South Korea to continue uploading and commenting on YouTube by switching their preference setting to a country other than Korea .
YouTube noted this workaround on its Korean Web site , and any videos and comments contributed this way will still be seen by Internet users in the country .
The decision was taken after close consultation and debate between Google Korea and its headquarters , Barlow said .
The new law was rushed into force after the suicide of a popular actress in October focused attention on the problem of online bullying in the highly - connected country .
Choi Jin
Sil was apparently driven to suicide after a series of online rumors had her pressuring a fellow actor to repay a loan she had made to him .
The actor , Ahn Jae Hwan , had killed himself a month earlier .
The suicide was the latest in a string of so - called cyber - bullying incidents in the country and helped generate support for the stricter law .
The first high - profile case occurred in 2005 and involved a woman who quickly became known as " dog poop girl . "
After her dog defecated on the Seoul subway and she failed to clean it up , a fellow traveller posted a picture of her online with an account of the incident .
The story spread fast and within days a campaign had identified her , where she lived , and the university she attended .
In the end , she reportedly dropped out of school and fled her home because of the controversy .
Already many major Korean portals and Web sites require users to provide their national ID card number when registering accounts but Google , which has a much smaller profile in South Korea than it enjoys in the west , does not ask for this information so the law would have also required it to build a new verification system .
U.S. Representative Barney Frank ( D - MA ) , Chairman of the House Financial Services Committee , responds to reporters ' questions during the Reuters Global Financial Regulation Summit in Washington , April 28 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Jonathan Ernst
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. Rep. Barney Frank , chairman of the House of Representatives Financial Services Committee , said on Tuesday he would introduce a bill next week to overturn a three - year - old U.S. ban on Internet gambling .
The legislation , likely to be opposed by anti-gambling Republicans , would overturn a law imposed during the Bush administration that has hurt U.S. trade ties with the European Union .
Frank said the bill was being drafted this week .
“ We ’ll be introducing it next week and I plan to move on it , ” said Frank , a Democrat , speaking at the Reuters Global Financial Regulation Summit in Washington .
The bill had been expected earlier , but Frank said his committee has been busy with other measures addressing the credit crisis and proposals to reform financial regulation .
The European Commission , the EU ’s executive , said late last month in a draft report that a U.S. Justice Department crackdown on European online gambling companies violated U.S. commitments under the World Trade Organization .
But the commission , which oversees trade policy for the 27 - nation EU bloc , said it would seek a negotiated solution with the United States rather than file a WTO complaint .
EU online gambling firms lost billions of euros in value after the U.S. Congress in 2006 made it illegal for banks and credit card companies to make payments to online gambling sites .
Republicans controlled the White House and Congress when the law was approved .
Now , Democrats are in control in both branches of the government , but it is unclear how the Obama administration will handle the issue .
While EU companies like PartyGaming and 888.com subsequently withdrew from the United States , they still face possible U.S. criminal prosecution for their activities in the U.S. market prior to 2006 .
Planting Your Flag at Social Networking Sites
On Thursday I shared a laugh with a source at the expense of a mutual acquaintance : a security expert who has for the most part eschewed social networking sites .
We were howling because someone who obviously knew enough about this person to push his emotional buttons had registered a Twitter account in his name and was posting some amusing but slightly mocking Tweets .
The impersonated person even had several " followers " from the security community .
I mention this because it raises an interesting question for people who have embraced social media , but only to a certain point :
That is , does it make sense to go ahead and plant your virtual flag at various social networking sites before someone else does it for you , and potentially uses it to make fun of you -- or worse -- abuse your good name to trick your acquaintances into doing something harms you both ?
Indeed , as I noted last year , while social networking sites can be a huge time sink and a breeding ground for virus and worm attacks , there may also be danger in remaining a social networking site Luddite .
After all , if you do n't claim a space on these networks , someone else may do it for you as a way of scamming or attacking your friends and business contacts .
That piece told the story of two security researchers who did just that :
With the permission and good humor of security pioneer Marcus Ranum , Hamiel and Moyer created a Linked In profile on Ranum 's behalf , including a photo of him and bits from his resume to make the profile look legit .
In less than 24 hours , more than 50 people had joined his Linked In network .
Among those taken in by the stunt was Ranum 's sister .
" Even if you just put some basic information out there that 's easy to find , you 're kind of controlling your privacy that way , " Hamiel said .
As you might expect , Web entrepreneurs already have seized upon this fear to make money .
A site called knowem.com allows you to see whether your name or whatever nickname you favor is already registered at any of some 120 social networking sites on the Web today .
For a $ 64.95 fee , the site will register all available accounts on your behalf , a manual process that it says takes one to five business days .
" Do n't fall victim to " Cyber Squatting " or social media identity theft - ensure that your username or vanity URL is saved for you ! " reads the company 's sales pitch .
Whether anyone could possibly use and maintain 120 different social networking accounts is beyond my imagination .
I would think an automated signup service like knowem.com would be far more useful if there was also a service that people could use to simultaneously update all of these sites with the same or slightly different content .
What about you , Security Fix fans ?
Have you avoided social networking sites , or have you jumped in headfirst ?
Have security and privacy concerns kept you away from social networking sites ?
Would concerns about someone else hijacking your identity at these sites be enough to cause you to at least register your own names there ?
Sound off in the comments below .
Think These Are Photoshopped ?
Guess again
I understand if you feel like it is hard to be amazed by anything you see on the internet these days , when you know for a fact that any teenager with a computer and a copy of Adobe Photoshop or other photo manipulation software can put together a fake photograph in a couple of minutes .
The modern technology , computers and gadgets have brought such endless possibilities to modern society that anything is possible with the right equipment and the pinch of photography skills , technology know - how and creativeness .
Which would make you completely right to believe that these photographs have been tempered with !
Unfortunately , this means there ’s a bunch of jaw - dropping images that the internet declared “ FAKE ! ” the moment they appeared
You need to be broad minded and always mind that real life is , sometimes , stranger than Photoshopped imagery and some of the most amazing , jaw - dropping of those photographs are , in fact , real .
The result is that internet audience lacks the appreciation of cool and amazing photography which creativeness and artistic impact as well as the ability to leave you breathless and amazed deserves better than your “ That ’s Shopped ” attitude .
See these unbelievable photographs that you ’ll think were photoshopped , but surprisingly , were not !
The New York Times published an interesting overview of the programs the US government is financing to support the struggling economy .
Beyond the $ 700 billion bailout known as TARP , which has been used to prop up banks and car companies , the government has made commitments of $ 9.9 trillion .
$ 9.9 t-r-i-l-l-i-o-n .
( If you want to have an idea what one trillion dollars looks like , check here this post ) .
The Government as Investor : $ 5.4 trillion
Includes direct investments in financial institutions , purchases of high - grade corporate debt and purchases of mortgage - backed securities issued by Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae .
Includes direct investments in financial institutions , purchases of high - grade corporate debt and purchases of mortgage - backed securities issued by Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae .
The Government as Lender : $ 2.3 trillion
A significant expansion of the government 's traditional overnight lending to banks , including extending terms to as many as 90 days and allowing borrowing by other financial institutions .
A significant expansion of the government 's traditional overnight lending to banks , including extending terms to as many as 90 days and allowing borrowing by other financial institutions .
The Government as Insurer : $ 2.1 trillion
Includes insuring debt issued by financial institutions and guaranteeing poorly performing assets owned by banks and Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac . ( Full )
There seems no end to the money pit left after 8 years of mismanagement in the US .
So no wonder that a UN panel recommends the world to ditch the US dollar as its reserve currency in favor of a shared basket of currencies .
The proposal is to create something like the old Ecu , or European currency unit : a hard - traded , weighted basket .
( Full
My suggestion is to ditch the US dollar not only as a world reserve currency , but also as the main currency used within the UN system , where all the accounting is done in the greenback .
The US is nowhere near Weimar territory .
At the current rate , it is monetising 15 pc of its spending , well below the 50pc of pre-crisis Germany .
And foreign creditors are moaning , but have not deserted the dollar .
President Barack Obama seems to be unwilling to try further fiscal extravagance .
Still , excessive inflation is probably a greater risk than a Great Depression .
Liebe Leserin , lieber Leser ,
leider können wir aus technischen Gründen dieses PDF - Archiv seit dem 01.08.2019 nicht mehr befüllen .
Möchten Sie sich Ihr eigenes Archiv zusammenstellen ?
Sie können sich hier die Ihnen wichtigen Ausgaben herunterladen .
Weiterhin sind alle aktuellen Ausgaben in unserem LesePortal ( WebReader ) vorhanden und Sie können diese dort herunterladen und auf Ihrem PC / Laptop speichern .
Wir wünschen Ihnen weiter viel Lesespaß .
Ihr Hamburger Abendblatt
PHILADELPHIA --
If Derek Lowe had been this dominant last October , the Philadelphia Phillies might not be World Series champions .
Lowe pitched eight superb innings , three Braves homered off Brett Myers , and Atlanta beat the defending champs 4 - 1 in the major league opener Sunday night .
Lowe ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two hits , no walks , struck out four and the sinkerballer got 13 groundouts .
Mike Gonzalez pitched out of trouble in the ninth to secure the win .
The Phillies had better luck against Lowe when he pitched for Los Angeles in the NL Championship Series .
They beat him in Game 1 of the NLCS and he had a no-decision in the Dodgers ' loss in Game 4 .
" Having just played them , it was easy to watch video to see what you did last time , " Lowe said .
" They 're an extremely good hitting team .
I was able to get ahead in the count .
I just wanted to be consistent . "
Brian McCann hit a two - run homer , Jeff Francoeur had a solo shot and Jordan Schafer went deep in his first career at - bat for the Braves .
Once Lowe came out , the Phillies rallied .
Pinch - hitter Eric Bruntlett started the ninth with a double and scored on Jayson Werth 's one - out RBI single .
After Gonzalez walked Chase Utley to bring up the tying run , the hard - throwing lefty struck out Ryan Howard looking and Raul Ibanez swinging to end it .
" He was awesome , " Braves manager Bobby Cox said of Lowe .
" He really knows how to pitch . "
Atlanta gave Lowe a $ 60 million , four - year contract to anchor its revamped rotation , and the 35 - year - old right - hander pitched like an ace in his debut with his new team .
He gave the Braves the type of masterful effort they used to get from Greg Maddux , John Smoltz , Tom Glavine and Tim Hudson .
" It 's nice to get Derek Lowe a win , " McCann said .
" He had great stuff .
It 's a lot better to catch him than hit against him . "
Myers ( 0 - 1 ) filled in for Cole Hamels , whose first start was pushed back because of minor elbow problems .
Hamels , the NLCS and World Series MVP , is expected to pitch at Colorado on Friday .
The Phillies celebrated the franchise 's second World Series title during an hour - long ceremony before the game .
Led by the Phanatic and veteran pitcher Jamie Moyer , players entered the field from Ashburn Alley behind the stands in left - center field .
They walked past adoring fans in the aisles , down stairs and onto a red carpet that stretched from the warning track to the infield .
Then manager Charlie Manuel raised the 2008 championship flag on the concourse behind the brick batter 's eye .
After a giant American flag was unfurled in the outfield , players were introduced to rousing ovations .
Fans who used to boo Manuel lustily chanted " Charlie , Charlie " when the lovable skipper jogged out .
Even their uniforms had a special look only for this game .
All the red lettering and numbers were trimmed in gold .
The festive crowd of 44,532 had barely settled into the seats by the time the Braves jumped ahead .
Making his third straight Opening Day start , Myers retired the first two batters before Chipper Jones lined a single to left .
McCann followed with a shot that reached the second deck in right field .
A smattering of boos were heard while McCann circled the bases .
It would n't be Philly without some jeers .
Myers got an earful a bit later , too .
" That 's part of it .
We can handle it , " Manuel said .
" A lot of people were here .
They wanted to see a good game .
We got off to a slow start . "
Francoeur led off the second with a liner into the seats in left .
One batter later , Schafer drove one out to center .
The rookie center fielder became the fifth Atlanta player to homer in his debut and first since Francoeur did it in 2005 .
" It was a great feeling , " Schafer said .
" As soon as I hit it , I thought , ' Oh Wow . ' "
Myers settled in after that inning .
He allowed four runs and eight hits , striking out six in six innings .
Coming off a down - and - up season in which he was briefly demoted to the minors , the 28 - year - old right - hander has plenty riding on his performance because he's in the final season of a $ 25.75 million , three - year contract .
" I made three mistakes and they did n't miss them , " Myers said .
" Sometimes they pop those up .
Not in this case .
Give them credit . "
The Phillies are favorites to win their third straight NL East title mainly because they have nearly the same team that went 11 - 3 against Milwaukee , Los Angeles and Tampa Bay in the postseason .
But Philadelphia 's star - studded offense sputtered in the opener .
Jimmy Rollins , Utley and Howard combined to go 1 - for - 11 with two strikeouts .
" Derek Lowe 's a tough guy to hit .
He was on his game , " Howard said .
" He 's a groundball pitcher .
I do n't know if he has a magnet in there to keep it down or whatever .
Give him credit . "
Game notes
The Phillies are 56 - 69 - 2 in openers .
They 've lost four straight openers for the first time since dropping eight in a row from 1985 - 92 .
... The Braves are 19 - 25 in openers since moving to Atlanta . ...
Schafer is the first Braves player to make his big - league debut as a starter on Opening Day since LF Rufino Linares in 1981 .
...
Jones set an Atlanta record by playing in his 14th season opener .
... NASA astronaut Chris Ferguson presented a Phillies jersey that he wore in space to Manuel before the game .
...
Phillies former general manager Pat Gillick , who retired after last season , threw out the first pitch .
... Miss America Katie Stam sang the national anthem .
Colbert was in top form last night when conservative pundit Dinesh D'Souza came on the show to promote his new book , The Enemy At Home : The Cultural Left and Its Responsibility for 9/11 .
In his latest screed , D'Souza , according to Publishers Weekly 's review , " roots the blame for the 9/11 attacks in the left wing 's ' aggressive global campaign to undermine the traditional patriarchal family ' . " ( emphasis mine ) D'Souza 's logical ( and factual ) inconsistencies are too numerous to list so have at it in comments .
Download Download
While I was watching this , I could n't help but think of the beatdown both Stewart and Colbert gave Ramesh Ponnuru when he was promoting his new book , The Party of Death : The Democrats , the Media , the Courts , and the Disregard for Human Life .
Since we never hosted Ponnuru 's appearance on the Colbert Report , here it is in all its satirical glory :
Download Download
UPDATE : This is Nicole .
The site team wanted me to remind our readers that this thread deals ONLY with Colbert 's interview with D'Souza and that any and all 9/11 alternative theories brought up in response will be deleted in their entirety .
Please respect John 's wish to not have 9/11 discussions on his site and please do n't make more work for the site team .
Thanks .
Remember our corporate logo parody post from last December ?
It depicted 15 corporate logos altered to reflect current economic conditions .
We could n’t resist creating 10 more corporate logos as a follow - up .
We thought the following might suit the companies –after the crisis :
Sometimes you open Nature magazine and are surprised by the latest discovery in quantum mechanics or molecular biology .
Browsing through the March 5 , 2009 issue I was stunned by an article penned by sociologist Harry Collins , entitled “ We can not live by scepticism alone ” ( The Brits call it “ scepticism , ” not “ skepticism . ” ) .
The reason this is surprising is because Collins himself is a prominent member of that “ wave ” of “
Collins , it must be admitted , has never been one of the worst offenders in the post - modernist movement .
I actually enjoyed reading his book ,
No , the worst offenders in the post - modernist group are people like , for instance , Bruno LaTour , the French sociologist who In it , Collins criticized the extreme fringe of a field called “ science studies ” which has “ unfortunately led some ... to conclude that science is just a form of faith or politics .
They have become overly cynical of science .
” The reason this is surprising is because Collins himself is a prominent member of that “ wave ” of “ post - modernism ” that has made itself ridiculous by arguing that , say , evolution and creationism are both “ cultural traditions . ”
While Collins himself did not write about the evolution - creation wars , as far as I know , he is infamous for having been on record saying that “ the natural world has a small or non-existent role in the construction of scientific knowledge , ” a phrase that would certainly surprise the astronomers who accepted the Copernican system , or the physicists who empirically tested Einstein ’s ideas at the beginning of the 20th century .
Collins , it must be admitted , has never been one of the worst offenders in the post - modernist movement .
I actually enjoyed reading his book , The Golem : What You Should Know About Science , a cautionary tale about how sociological and psychological factors do play an undeniable role in the scientific enterprise , and how , for instance , there is no such thing as a “ crucial experiment ” in science .
Rather , the process of scientific verification is much more messy and imprecise ( but often successful ) than most scientists would like to admit , or that one would gather from reading the sanitized versions found in textbooks and even scholarly papers .
No , the worst offenders in the post - modernist group are people like , for instance , Bruno LaTour , the French sociologist who wrote a critique of Einstein ’s theory of relativity based on a comical misunderstanding of a book Einstein wrote for the general public , and in particular of the metaphor of two observers and their reference frame that Einstein uses to make the point that there is no privileged ( in the sense of universally fixed , as in the Newtonian system ) system of coordinates in physics .
Here is LaTour psychoanalyzing the famous physicist : “ [ Einstein ’s ] obsession with transporting information through transformation without deformation ; his passion for the precise superimposition of readings ; his panic at the idea that observers sent away might betray , might retain privileges , and send reports that could not be used to expand our knowledge ; his desire to discipline the delegated observers and to turn them into dependent pieces of apparatus that do nothing but watch the coincidence of hands and notches . ”
If you get the impression that this is nonsense on stilts , that ’s because it is .
Collins , however , redeems himself to a large degree with the Nature article , which strikes a much more balanced and especially constructive , tone .
He writes that he wonders “ if science warriors [ his term for scientists who took on post - modernists ] have been right to be worried about the ( unintended ) consequences of what social constructivists [ another term for post - modernists , in this context , though there are subtle differences ] were doing . ”
Except , of course , that those consequences — i.e. , a diminution of the status of science in society — were not at all unintended .
Here is philosopher Paul Feyerabend , one of the precursors and inspirations of the post - modernist / deconstructionist movement , at his best ( or worst , depending on your taste ) :
According to Feyerabend , Galileo prevailed “ because of his style and his clever techniques of persuasion , because he writes in Italian rather than in Latin , and because he appeals to people who are temperamentally opposed to the old ideas and the standards of learning connected with them . ”
An idiotic statement that sounds very much like Collins ’ own quoted above about the irrelevance of data to the scientific enterprise .
Or how about this : “ About a year ago I was short of funds .
So I accepted an invitation to contribute to a book dealing with the relation between science and religion .
To make the book sell I thought I should make my contribution a provocative one and the most provocative statement one can make about the relation between science and religion is that science is a religion .
Having made that statement the core of my article , I discovered that lots of reasons , lots of excellent reasons , could be found for it .
I enumerated the reasons , finished my article , and got paid . ”
Cynical , but at least he was honest about his priorities .
And there is more : “ Consider the role science now plays in education .
Scientific ' facts ' are taught at a very early stage and in the very same manner as religious ' facts ' were taught only a century ago .
...
In society at large the judgment of the scientist is received with the same reverence as the judgments of bishops and cardinals were accepted not too long ago .
...
The situation is not as hopeless as it was only a decade ago .
...
We have learned that there are phenomena such as telepathy and telekinesis which are obliterated by a scientific approach and which could be used to do research in an entirely novel way .
...
And then – is it not the case that the Church saved souls while science often does the very opposite ?
...
Three cheers to the fundamentalists in California who succeeded in having a dogmatic formulation of the theory of evolution removed from the textbooks and an account of Genesis included . ”
[ That fundamentalist success was short - lived , fortunately . ]
That is why “ science warriors ” ( i.e. , scientists ) got worried about post - modernism .
And Collins , in the Nature essay , admits to such excesses , stating that “ post - modernists have become comfortable in their cocoon of cynicism ” and that “ the prospect of a society that entirely rejects the values of science is too awful to contemplate . ”
I guess eight years of a Republican war on science have taught a lesson even to post - modernist sociologists .
Better late than never .
But Collins is right that scientists are at fault as well : “ Whenever a scientist , acting in the name of science , cheats , cynically manipulates , claims to speak with the voice of capitalism , the voice of god , or even the voice of a doctrinaire atheist [ notice the punch to Dawkins ] , it diminishes not only science but the whole of our society . ”
And that is exactly correct .
That is why , contrary to many of my colleagues , I see much value in an intercourse between science , philosophy and science criticism — the latter being the salvageable part of the post - modernist program .
Collins is absolutely correct that scientists “ must think of themselves as moral leaders ... they must teach fallibility , not absolute truth ...
Science can provide us with a set of values for how to run our social and political lives .
But it can do it only if we accept that assessing scientific findings is a far more difficult task than was once believed , and that those findings do not lead straight to political conclusions . ”
Indeed , a brighter future lies in the possibility of a cross- disciplinary cooperation among scientists and their critics in the humanities .
Think of it as a balance of powers , where the activities and findings of science itself are subject to serious scrutiny , not in terms of the actual methods and findings , but in terms of the psychological , social , and political factors that may have entered into shaping research priorities and their presentation to the public .
At the same time , humanists will need to respect science as the most powerful enterprise capable of yielding knowledge about the world as it really is , and therefore — as Francis Bacon would have put it — the power to change that reality to the benefit of humanity .
Now , there is a compromise between the two cultures I can heartily embrace .
Cybersecurity
Act would give president power to ' shut down ' Internet Greg Fulton
Published : Monday April 13 , 2009
Print This Email
This A recently proposed but little - noticed Senate bill would allow the federal government to shut down the Internet in times of declared emergency , and enables unprecedented federal oversight of private network administration .
The bill 's draft states that " the president may order a cybersecurity emergency and order the limitation or shutdown of Internet traffic " and would give the government ongoing access to " all relevant data concerning ( critical infrastructure ) networks without regard to any provision of law , regulation , rule , or policy restricting such access . "
Authored by Democratic Sen. Jay Rockefeller of West Virginia and Republican Olympia Snowe of Maine , the Cybersecurity Act of 2009 seeks to create a Cybersecurity Czar to centralize power now held by the Pentagon , National Security Agency , Department of Commerce and the Department of Homeland Security .
While the White House has not officially endorsed the draft , it did have a hand in its language , according to The Washington Post .
Proponents of the measure stress the need to centralize cybersecurity of the private sector .
" People say this is a military or intelligence concern , " says Rockefeller , " but it is a lot more than that .
It suddenly gets into the realm of traffic lights and rail networks and water and electricity . "
Snowe added , " America 's vulnerability to massive cyber- crime , global cyber-espionage and cyber- attacks has emerged as one of the most urgent national security problems facing our country today .
Importantly , this legislation loosely parallels the recommendations in the CSIS [ Center for Strategic and International Studies ] blue - ribbon panel report to President Obama and has been embraced by a number of industry and government thought leaders . "
Critics decry the broad language , and are watchful for amendments to the bill seeking to refine the provisions .
According to opencongress.com , no amendments to the draft have been submitted .
Organizations like the Center for Democracy and Technology fear if passed in its current form , the proposal leaves too much discretion of just what defines critical infrastructure .
The bill would also impose mandates for designated private networks and systems , including standardized security software , testing , licensing and certification of cyber - security professionals .
" I 'd be very surprised if it does n't include communications systems , which are certainly critical infrastructure , " CDT General Counsel Greg Nojeim told eWEEK .
" The president would decide not only what is critical infrastructure but also what is an emergency . "
Adds Jennifer Granick , civil liberties director of the Electronic Frontier Foundation , " Essentially , the Act would federalize critical infrastructure security .
Since many systems ( banks , telecommunications , energy ) are in the hands of the private sector , the bill would create a major shift of power away from users and companies to the federal government . "
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
If Monaco is , in Jack Nicholson 's phrase , Alcatraz for the rich , what shall we make of Dubai ?
Dubai is a city built between the desert and the pale blue sea , that uses more water per capita than anywhere else in the world , and derives 97 % of it from desalination , which means that it is the most expensive water in the world .
Much of that water is being used to create a garden in the desert .
All across the sprawling conurbation , labourers can be seen planting out millions , possibly billions , of bedding plants , into sand banks perpetually moistened by drip irrigation .
Dubai has been built on the premise that nothing succeeds like excess .
After years of popping in and out of Dubai airport on my way to and from Australia , this time I deliberately managed my travel itinerary so that I had a long layover , four hours of which I spent on the open top of a double - decker bus that wandered from Deira City Centre through the Wafi Mall , round the World Trade Centre , down to the Jumeira Beach Road and past The World , before doubling back past the Mall of the Emirates and downtown Dubai .
Only 6 % of Dubai 's revenue comes from oil ; the city makes most of its money out of inventing , creating , building and trading real estate .
Hence Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum 's hubristic notion of building an archipelago out of sand dredged from the Persian Gulf , 300 islets arranged in a resemblance of the world map , and calling it The World .
Thousands of workers trucked in from poor countries constructed the patches of exposed sand , and the infrastructure that furnishes each with water and power .
The islets have since sold for anything between US $ 15 m and $ 250 m apiece .
It seems doubtful now that the countries and corporations that have bought into the scheme will have the resources to develop their patches of sand into themed resorts , which might be as well .
We can only hope that the Irish company Larionovo , owners of the Ireland islet , never get to build their planned replica of the Giants ' Causeway .
What I particularly wanted to see was the tallest building in the world , Burj Dubai , which topped out at 2,684ft on 17 January .
As the bus trundled past , I hung out from under the sun canopy , peering up at this needle stuck in the buttock of the Almighty , and I noticed with a thrill of something like terror that there were cranes still working on the top of it , half a mile up in the air , supposing there was any air up there .
Burj Dubai was originally meant to be entirely residential ; when I saw it , it was entirely empty .
The Armani residences are apparently selling at US $ 3,500 per sq ft and office space for rather more , but I had an eerie feeling no one would ever live there .
Soaring up from that tongue of sand , with the Empty Quarter stretching away to the south , Burj Dubai seemed outrageously megalomaniacal , and defiantly worldly , a new Tower of Babel .
The developer , Emaar , has lost 75 % of its value on the Dubai stock exchange .
While Burj Dubai is a pretty conservative building , Burj al Arab , the huge sail - like luxury hotel built on the lines of an Arab dhow , is entirely innovative .
The structure hangs from a steel exoskeleton .
From the outside it is unbelievably elegant , light and clean ( the interior is anything but ) .
In afterthought , the reference to the tiny dhow seems somehow mocking .
The only dhows on Dubai Creek these days take tourists on one - hour pleasure cruises .
Though in Dubai you are surrounded by the poor , who labour on every building site , clean the streets and the houses , and wait on the children , they are as invisible as the plumbing .
Here , there is no subsistence ; here there is only shopping .
Crassest of all the real estate initiatives are the three Palms , off - shore developments of 16 branches emerging from a central trunk , enclosed within a circular breakwater , each intended to house hotels , villas , apartments , marinas , theme parks , sports facilities , and malls .
At Palm Jumeira , still largely undeveloped , the water between the branches is stagnating and algae is forming along the man-made beachfront .
How this will affect the dolphins that are shipped from the South Pacific to amuse the guests at the Hotel Atlantis , who pay $ 75 to swim with them , is anybody 's guess .
In December , Nakheel , developer of the Palms , cut 15 % of its workforce .
Dubai 's stock market has lost 70 % of its value .
Half of the 100 Dubai estate agents interviewed for the Christian Science Monitor in December said they had not sold a property in the previous month .
Some of the unfinished buildings I saw will never be finished .
Many should never have been started .
For all its extravagant novelties and its masses of petunias , Dubai is a city with neither charm nor character .
• This article was amended on Tuesday 24 February 2009 .
In the article above we said that " the only dhows on Dubai Creek these days take tourists on one - hour pleasure cruises " .
In fact they are regularly used to transport cargo as well .
We also said that the man -made group of islands arranged to resemble a world map was called Dubai World .
Its actual name is The World and this has been corrected .
Fredrik Neij – one of the accused in the trial against thepiratebay.org – took some time to manage the website remotely in the middle of the closing argument .
– A server was down and I restarted it , Neij tells expressen.se .
He is one of the four founders of The Pirate Bay that stand accused of “ complicity to making copyrighted material accessible ” ( yes , that ’s the charge ) .
That did n’t stop him from taking care of a server mishap in the middle of the trial ’s closing argument .
Thepiratebay.org was down during the best part of Monday , which had a good deal of file - sharing folks worried that the website might be down for good this time .
Thankfully for them , he had his trusty laptop at hand and could restart the server remotely , so that eager fileswappers could get back inside .
- We have Internet access [ in the court room ] so it was no problem , Neij told Expressen today ( Tuesday ) ;
- Besides , I ’m keeping up with the coverage of the trial .
The farcical battle between a sadly incompetent prosecution vs. knowledgeable and sometimes loud - mouthed defendants is almost at an end , and the fact that Neij manages thepiratebay.org ’s servers remotely during the trial is just one of several examples that point out the huge gap in technical know - how that the sides have exhibited .
Already during the second day , the prosecution had to change its original charges – on the grounds that it was finally starting to grasp how BitTorrent technology actually works .
A part that mentioned production [ of copyrighted material ] had to be removed , and all that was left was “ complicity to making [ copyrighted material ] available ” .
Both sides are now well into the closing arguments , and none of them have brought any surprises to the table .
The side of the prosecution calls for jail time while the defense claims that no crime has ever been committed , and that users are individually responsible for the torrent files they upload .
The movie also stars Melanie Laurent , Christoph Waltz , Daniel Bruhl , Eli Roth , Samm Levine , B.J. Novak , Til Schweiger , Gedeon Burkhard , Paul Rust , Michael Bacall , Omar Doom , Sylvester Groth , Julie Dreyfus , Jacky Ido , August Diehl , Martin Wuttke , Richard Sammel , Christian Berkel , Sonke Mohring , Michael Fassbender , Mike Myers , Rod Taylor , Denis Menochet , Cloris Leachman , Maggie Cheung and Samuel L. Jackson .
The movie is scheduled to hit theaters on August 21 , 2009 .
Last night ’s American Idol featured an exclusive clip from ’s “ . ”
Yes , this little clip aired during American Idol because Tarantino did actually appear on the show last night .
The clip has some some great movie footage , behind the scenes footage , and your first look atas General Ed Fench .
“ Inglourious Basterds ” which is set to premiere next month at the Cannes Film Festival seesas Lt Aldo Raine , commander of a unit whose mission is to kill and dismember Germans during the Second World War .
Steve Mason ’s Run For The Calder Trophy
Total Pro Sports –
With the playoff lives of so many teams hanging in the balance and the never - ending debate of who ’s the best player in the league still ongoing , there ’s one thing we can all be certain of .
Steve Mason is a lock for the Calder Trophy as the league ’s top rookie .
He was a lock a month ago .
He ’s a lock today .
And he ’ll be a lock at the NHL awards ceremony on June 18 .
Yes there ’s still nearly a month of the regular season remaining and the Columbus Blue Jackets remain a playoff bubble team , but can there really be any debate that Mason has been the NHL ’s best first - year player this season ?
The tried and true method of statistics - based analysis certainly backs his case .
Entering Friday ’s action , Mason was 2nd among all NHL netminders in goals - against average ( 2.19 ) and 7th in the league in save percentage ( .920 ) .
His 27 wins this season rank 10th among all goalkeepers while his 9 shutouts are far and away the most in the league .
( Four separate goalies are tied for 2nd with 6 blankings ) .
But Mason ’s contributions go far beyond the numbers and rankings .
With just 15 regular season games remaining , the Oakville , Ontario native has helped put Columbus in a position to make the playoffs for the first time in franchise history .
The Blue Jackets are currently 6th in the Western Conference with an overall record of 34 - 27 - 6 and remain 4 standings points up on current postseason outsiders Minnesota , Dallas and Anaheim .
Columbus has allowed the 9th fewest goals - against in the NHL this season ( 186 ) and Mason has been the rock in the season - long defensive effort .
And when the going gets tough ?
Mason gets going .
The former 3rd round pick back in 2006 is 9 - 4 - 2 this season when the Jackets surrender 30 or more shots against and is an astounding 3 - 1 when Columbus gives up 40 or more shots .
Mason has also saved some of his best hockey this season for some of the league ’s stiffest competition .
Playing in the Central Division , the Jackets face the defending Stanley Cup champion Detroit Red Wings 6 times this season .
With the final regular season meeting still remaining , Mason is already 3 - 1 against the Wings having allowed just 8 goals against while posting a .944 save percentage .
Most recently , the Calder hopeful out dueled the leading candidate for the Vezina trophy as the league ’s top goaltender in Tim Thomas in turning aside all 35 Boston shots he faced in a 2 - 0 blanking of the B’s this past Tuesday .
There are of course several other legitimate Calder candidates this season , such as Chicago ’s Kris Versteeg , Anaheim ’s Bobby Ryan and fellow netminder , Pekka Rinne in Nashville .
But none have had the kind of impact that Mason has delivered .
Versteeg and Ryan both have plenty of offensive support in Chicago and Anaheim respectively while Nashville remains the little engine that could year after year .
Meanwhile , in Columbus , the Blue Jackets are on the verge of postseason play for the first time in franchise history and while it ’s been a team effort , it ’s hard to argue they ’d be where they are today without Mason .
The Blue Jackets expected 2007 - 08 standout netminder Pascal Leclaire to pick up right where he left off last season .
Unfortunately , his 3.83 GAA and .867 save % were a far cry from the dazzling 2.25 and .919 marks he produced a season ago .
And so the job fell to Mason .
And he ’s been so razor sharp in the role that Columbus moved Leclaire to the Ottawa Senators at the trade deadline for scoring support up front in the form of Antoine Vermette .
There ’s still obviously plenty of time left for Columbus ’ playoff hopes to give way to more perennial postseason participants like Dallas or Anaheim .
Yet it seems unlikely with Mason between the pipes .
And so it ’s only fitting that as Columbus sits on the verge of team history , Mason sits at the doorstep of doing something only 4 other goaltenders have accomplished in the last 25 years – win the Calder Memorial Trophy .
Share This
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The police officer thought to be shown in video footage of the G20 protest in London pushing a man who later died has come forward .
An independent criminal probe has begun into the death of Ian Tomlinson , 47 , who had a heart attack minutes later .
The Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) is trying to identify officers who were at the scene .
Daniel Sandford reports .
Exclusive footage obtained by Guardian.co.uk
Play free pokie machines in Australia
Many people like a game .
And what could be more fun than to take a chance on a pokie machine ?
pokies are so popular because they are accessible to everyone .
Little complicated rules , you can actually start playing immediately .
If you go to a regular casino , you will never have the opportunity to play free pokie machines .
A normal casino has a lot of costs such as an expensive building and a lot of staff that needs to be earned back .
With online casinos these costs are a lot lower and that is why they give you the opportunity to try out all pokie machines for free .
On our site we really have all kinds of online pokies .
From simple fruitmachines to complicated video pokie machines , the range is just huge !
Play free pokie machines
If you want to play free pokie machines , you are at the right address here .
So if you like the excitement , but do not feel like depositing money , you can still play free pokie machines here .
We offer on this site all free pokie machines from the most reputable online casinos .
Because the pokie machines are becoming more and more beautiful nowadays , playing online on fruit cupboards is a true experience .
Never before was playing on free pokies as nice as on the internet .
With beautiful graphics and the latest techniques you get the most beautiful free pokie machines every time .
The nice thing is that there are new free pokie machines every month .
The online casinos do this to keep their customers happy with a varied selection of games .
Play free pokies with bonus
Do you still want to play money and do not throw too much money ?
Then a casino bonus is a great opportunity to play free pokie machines .
The online casinos are always looking for new players .
To get these players to their casino , they offer new players nice welcome bonuses .
These bonuses vary per casino , but can amount to hundreds of dollars !
At many online casinos , for example , you receive a 100 % welcome bonus up to a maximum of $ 200 .
In practice , this means that if you deposit 200 dollars for the first time , you will receive another $ 200 extra from the casino to play free pokie machines !
Often they do so on top of another 50 free spins ( spin ) on a popular pokie machine from their assortment .
With these bonuses you have the possibility to play free pokie machines and win a lot of money !
It may be that you already have a profit without having started your own money .
Always make sure that casinos have certain bonus conditions .
Always look carefully on the site what these are , so you do not end up with unpleasant surprises .
Once you are an online casino customer , you will of course still have the option to play all pokie machines for free .
If you want to play money again , they often offer a reload bonus .
The principle is the same as with a welcome bonus .
You deposit a certain amount , and the online casino usually doubles this .
Another chance to play free pokie machines !
Many people are a bit hesitant to deposit the first money at an online casino , but this is not necessary .
The casinos we offer comply with the highest legal requirements and really do everything to make their games run as honestly as possible with the latest software and security .
All payment systems they offer have been extensively tested to ensure that all your transactions run smoothly .
Conclusion play free pokie machines
Playing free pokies online is fun and relaxing and a fantastic pastime .
More and more people are discovering that playing via the internet is really fun .
Play free pokie machines wherever and whenever you want .
Whether you ’re at home on the couch or at your computer , free pokie games have never been so fun !
With the advent of the specialized mobile casinos , they also offer you the possibility to play free pokie machines on your smartphone .
The software for this has been specially developed to optimally play on mobile devices and looks fantastic !
A real casino in the palm of your hand !
But the real adrenaline will only flow when it comes to something .
Try to play free pokies with the online offers offered by online casinos and win great cash .
This can be done from small amounts , sometimes with huge prizes to be won .
http://pokiesportal.com/play-free-pokies/
It is a reassuring thought that if you are going to play real money , you know that everything is done fairly and in a controlled manner .
Do you want to play only free pokie machines , then you are of course at the right address with only the top of online pokie machines !
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Big money often spurs big battles .
A month after President Obama signed the $ 787 billion economic stimulus law , governors and state lawmakers are already fighting with Washington and each other about putting the money to use .
At least two governors are asking the White House for special consideration in applying the funds meant to shore up state budgets .
And several governors , saying they do n't want to expand eligibility , have turned down millions of dollars of unemployment benefits .
This , in turn , has pitted some against their own state legislatures and prompted some lawmakers to threaten to take matters into their own hands .
" Everyone 's trying to figure out the limits on flexibility , " said Nick Johnson , director of the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities ' state fiscal project .
South Carolina 's debt problem
One of the highest - profile battles is being waged by South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford , who is hoping to use his state 's share of stabilization funds to pay down debt .
The law gives governors some latitude on how to use the money .
But it is designed to prevent deep state budget cuts , particularly in education .
After the Obama administration denied his request for a waiver to pay down debt , Sanford submitted a new proposal this week asking for federal blessing to use $ 577 million to pay off education bonds and the remaining $ 125 million to pay down a range of state debt .
Doing this will free up more than $ 162 million in debt payments on the education bonds alone , allowing the state to spend more on the schools , said Joel Sawyer , Sanford 's communications director .
The governor believes using the money this way is consistent with the law .
The Obama administration has received the second request and is reviewing it , a White House budget office spokesman said .
Sanford 's proposal has also put him at odds with his own state legislature , which is depending on $ 350 million of federal stimulus money to balance its 2009 - 2010 budget , which starts July 1 .
The state has already slashed its current budget to $ 5.6 billion from $ 7.1 billion in the past seven months , and it just implemented another 2 % cut to every agency .
The state 's education department alone is relying on receiving $ 283 million from the stimulus funds .
If it does n't receive them , it might have to cut 4,000 teachers , said Dan Cooper , chair of the state 's House Ways and Means Committee .
" If we do n't use it , we 've got to balance the budget another way , " Cooper said .
" We 'd have to make cuts to every agency . "
Alaska : No to 45 % of funds
Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin Thursday announced she would only take 55 % of the federal stimulus money offered her state .
She 'll only take $ 515 million for capital efforts -- including transportation , aviation and road projects -- that will create jobs and fund infrastructure improvements .
Palin is rejecting money for education , unemployment benefits and other programs that she says the state wo n't be able to fund after the federal money runs out .
And the governor said the state should not be bound more closely to Washington , D.C .
" I do n't want to automatically increase federal funding for education program growth , such as the National Endowment for the Arts , at a time when Alaska can't afford to sustain that increase , " said Palin , who was the Republican vice presidential candidate last year .
" We need to ensure that these stimulus dollars are used for job opportunities for Alaskans , while preserving the regular operating spending decisions through the normal budget process . "
The governor , however , said she would not stand in the way of state lawmakers or local officials if they want to request additional funds .
Dismayed by Palin 's decision , Sen. Mark Begich urged his state 's legislature to request the rest of the $ 930 million allocated to the state .
The money would help Alaskans struggling to cope with the recession .
" I trust the legislature will do the right thing and take Alaska 's share of the money for education in the economic recovery package , " said Begich , a Democrat .
" We owe it to our children to give them the most opportunities possible , and this is money fairly allocated to Alaska in this stimulus package . "
Thanks , but we 're broke
Nevada 's fiscal problems are so severe that it can't meet the stimulus law 's requirement that it fund its higher education system at 2006 levels .
Therefore , it 's asking for a waiver .
The state is set to receive nearly $ 324 million in stabilization funds for education of all levels .
" Our state is in such a dire financial crisis that we believe it would be very difficult or impossible to fund education -- especially higher education -- at 2006 levels , " said Daniel Burns , spokesman for Gov. Jim Gibbons .
The state is facing the largest 2010 budget gap of any in the nation , according to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities .
Hammered hard by the foreclosure crisis and suffering from rising unemployment , Nevada is looking to shear $ 1.1 billion , or 30 % , from its budget .
Gibbons may also reject $ 77 million for unemployment benefits that would require the state to expand eligibility to part - time workers and others .
If he does so , he 'd join his peers in Texas , Louisiana , South Carolina and elsewhere who have said they would turn down the funds .
Several governors across the nation have expressed reservations about the expanded eligibility because federal money to fund it runs out after two years .
They fear businesses would face higher unemployment insurance taxes to continue the benefits after that .
In Texas , for instance , Gov. Rick Perry said last week that his state 's employers can't afford that stimulus provision .
" The last thing they need right now is government burdening them with higher taxes and expanded obligations , " he said in prepared remarks .
The decision , however , does n't rest with governors alone .
The federal law allows for state legislatures to request funds .
That 's exactly what is happening in Nevada , where the House introduced a measure this week to expand its eligibility provisions .
Nevada 's unemployment rate in January was 9.4 % , higher than the nation 's 7.6 % rate that month .
Though the governor could veto the legislation , which would bring more than 4,100 people onto the rolls , lawmakers do n't believe he will .
The governor 's office did not respond to requests for comment .
" It would be a slap in the face to anyone who is unemployed , and right now that is one out of 10 Nevadans , " said Barbara Buckley , speaker of the Nevada House .
Sony
Earlier this week , Shaun Himmerick , executive producer for " Wheelman " and employee at Midway , told the hosts of the " This Xbox Life " podcast that developing for the Xbox 360 and the PlayStation 3 could n't be any different .
" The politically incorrect answer is that the PS3 is a huge pain in the ass , " Himmerick told the hosts .
" Anyone making a game , if you 're going to make it for both , just lead on the PS3 because if it works on the PS3 , it 'll work on 360 , " he said .
" We had to play catch - up on the PS3 because of the memory constraints and how it renders ; how it processes is just different .
And it's harder on the PS3 , " Himmerick continued .
A slew of well - known developers have spoken out against Sony 's high - power console .
Valve 's Gabe Newell said in 2007 - - long before Sony 's decline started -- that the PlayStation 3 is a " waste of everyone 's time . "
He went on to tell Edge Magazine that " investing in the Cell ... gives you no long - term benefits .
There 's nothing there that you 're going to apply to anything else .
You 're not going to gain anything except a hatred of the architecture they 've created .
I do n't think it 's a good solution . "
A report in the Dr. Dobb's Journal tested the development process of the PlayStation 3 and found that Sony 's console is " difficult to program for . "
The report 's authors went on to explain that " software that exploits the Cell 's potential requires a development effort significantly greater than traditional platforms . "
-- Kaz Hirai , CEO , Sony Computer Entertainment " We do n't provide the ' easy to program for ' console that ( developers ) want , because ' easy to program for ' means that anybody will be able to take advantage of pretty much what the hardware can do , so then the question is , what do you do for the rest of the nine - and - a - half years ? "
I looked for some Sony supporters and found the best source of them all : Kaz Hirai , CEO of Sony Computer Entertainment .
He can explain this and settle this once and for all , right ?
Think again .
In one of the most shocking and bizarre comments ever made by a company chief , Hirai , the brains behind the entire PlayStation empire , explained to the Official PlayStation Magazine in its February issue that Sony did n't want to make it easy on developers .
" We do n't provide the ' easy to program for ' console that ( developers ) want , because ' easy to program for ' means that anybody will be able to take advantage of pretty much what the hardware can do , so then the question is , what do you do for the rest of the nine - and - a - half years ? " explained Hirai .
Huh ?
But his explanation did n't end there .
" So it 's a kind of - - I would n't say a double - edged sword -- but it 's hard to program for , " Hirai continued , " and a lot of people see the negatives of it , but if you flip that around , it means the hardware has a lot more to offer . "
I wo n't debate that the PS3 may have " a lot more to offer , " but I do take issue with Sony 's justification for it .
What good is a powerful console , if developers do n't know how to get the most out of it ?
I simply do n't see anything positive about making things too difficult on developers .
The video game industry is unique because hardware makers rely on third parties to be successful .
The more games a console has , the more likely people will want it .
But if development is too challenging for third parties , I 'm hard - pressed to see how that will benefit Sony at all , even though developers can do more with the console .
Developers are looking at the installed bases of consoles .
realizing that Microsoft has more units in the wild .
Developers want to make their games as appealing as possible to those extra 8 million people .
So spending extra time ( a luxury most developers do n't have ) on PS3 development just plain does n't make sense .
That 's precisely why I have n't seen much difference in the games offered on both consoles .
Sure , some look better on the PS3 , but the difference is minor , and that 's the only improvement I can see .
I do n't think developers are taking the Sony bait and working harder at harnessing the power of Sony 's console .
The incremental benefit of doing so , at least if we judge by what we 've seen so far , simply is n't high enough for developers to follow Sony 's plan .
I 'm all for powerful consoles and getting the most out of gaming machines , but I do n't understand Sony 's strategy .
Third - party developers are key to a successful gaming generation , and Sony makes it hard on them .
And in Hirai 's own words , people ( ostensibly , developers ) are seeing " negatives in it . "
That 's not good .
Check out Don's Digital Home podcast , Twitter feed , and FriendFeed .
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  Pushing deeper into Pakistan , Taliban militants have established effective control of a strategically important district just 70 miles from the capital , Islamabad , officials and residents said Wednesday .
The fall of the district , Buner , did not mean that the Taliban could imminently threaten Islamabad .
But it was another indication of the gathering strength of the insurgency and it raised new alarm about the ability of the government to fend off an unrelenting Taliban advance toward the heart of Pakistan .
Buner , home to about one million people , is a gateway to a major Pakistani city , Mardan , the second largest in North - West Frontier Province , after Peshawar .
“ They take over Buner , then they roll into Mardan and that ’s the end of the game , ” a senior law enforcement official in North - West Frontier Province said .
He asked that his name be withheld because was not authorized to speak to the news media .
The poverty - racked European nation of Moldova slid into chaos Tuesday as thousands of stone - hurling youths demonstrating against what they said were rigged national elections overran key government buildings .
Police were unable to keep protesters from ransacking the building in the capital , Chisinau , that houses the legislature and storming the offices of President Vladimir Voronin .
It was unclear whether Voronin was in the building at the time .
“ What we are having here now is a spontaneous , unorganized revolution , ” Anatoly Tseranu , an independent liberal legislator , said of the estimated 10,000 demonstrators .
At an emergency meeting with top government officials , Voronin condemned the violence .
“ True patriots would not resort to this , ” he said .
“ This action has been well arranged , planned , coordinated and paid for .
Its organizers are seeking bloodshed . ”
Advertisement
Fueling the violence were allegations made by opposition leaders that Voronin ’s Communist Party - led government had falsified legislative elections Sunday in a bid to hold on to power .
Legislative elections in Moldova are pivotal because the president is selected by lawmakers .
Voronin , who became president in 2001 , has served two terms and is legally barred from a third .
But the results of Sunday ’s elections preserved his party as the dominant political force .
Election observers from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe said in preliminary findings that the vote was largely free and democratic , though it was marred by allegations of police intimidation of voters and candidates .
Opposition party leaders denounced the balloting as fraudulent , saying there was evidence of multiple voting .
Demonstrators demanded a recount .
Advertisement
“ We have renamed election day as a ‘ day of mourning ’ for us , ” said Ghenadie Brega , a member of the opposition movement .
“ They have stolen our future . ”
Feeding the distrust :
On election day , some exit polls showed 45.5 % of voters had favored the Communists , but final results gave the party about 50 % of the vote and control of Parliament .
Moldova , a former Soviet republic curled between Ukraine and Romania , has a population of about 4.1 million and is regarded as one of Europe ’s poorest nations .
The average wage is about $ 350 a month .
Though Voronin maintains friendly ties with the Kremlin , Moldova has also sought to bolster its relations with the European Union .
Advertisement
Russian television showed legions of demonstrators massing around Parliament on Tuesday , waving flags of the European Union , Moldova and Romania and chanting , “ Down with communism ! ” and “ We want Europe ! ”
Waves of demonstrators broke through police cordons and began pelting windows in Parliament and presidential office buildings with rocks and chunks of concrete .
Once inside , demonstrators set furniture ablaze and tossed computers out windows .
Police tried to use water cannons to fend off oncoming protesters but failed .
By Tuesday night , demonstrators had taken up positions in the buildings , declaring they were staying put .
More than 30 demonstrators and 10 police officers were hospitalized , according to Russian news agency reports .
Advertisement
In a statement issued Tuesday evening , EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana called for the restoration of calm .
“ I call on all sides to refrain from violence and provocation , ” he said .
“ Equally important is the respect for the inalienable right for assembly of peaceful demonstrators . ”
--
arodriguez@tribune.com
Advertisement
Times staff writer Sergei L. Loiko contributed to this report .
( CNN ) -- Ingrid Case was a devoted church - goer as a child , not only attending Sunday school , but also serving as an acolyte at her Episcopalian church in Greeley , Colorado .
More than half of American adults have changed religion in their lives , according to a new survey .
" Basically , it 's the priest 's assistant , " she explained .
" You carry a cross in front of them , get the things they need to perform the service , scurrying around doing what they need . "
But after college , Case drifted away .
She did n't feel like she fit in socially at the Episcopalian church in Princeton , New Jersey , and found herself uncomfortable with some of its theology .
" I began to see there were some things I was n't able to get on board with fully .
I do n't like the traditional Episcopalian focus on the afterlife , " she said .
Today she 's a Quaker .
She got involved with the Society of Friends , as the denomination is formally known , through the man who later became her husband , Nat Case .
He was n't raised a Quaker either , she said , though he went to a Quaker - run boarding school as a child .
Her shift in religion was gradual , said Case , 41 , a freelance writer and editor in Minneapolis , Minnesota .
" It was n't so much ' You people stink and I am out of here , ' as ' I like this better and this is what I want to do . ' "
Case is n't alone .
More than half of American adults have changed religion in their lives , a huge new survey by the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life found .
And there is no discernible pattern to the change , just " a free for all , " one of the lead researchers told CNN .
See how many people have changed religions »
" You 're seeing the free market at work , " said Gregory Smith , a research fellow at the Pew Forum .
" If people are dissatisfied , they will leave .
And if they see something they like better , they will join it . "
Many people switch because they move to a new community , and others because they marry someone of a different faith , he said .
Some do n't like their ministers or pastors ; some like the pastor at another church better .
And many people list more than one reason for changing , Smith said .
" The reasons people change religions are as diverse as the religious landscape itself , " he told CNN by phone .
Some factors that might be expected to drive people away from religion -- such as sex abuse scandals in the Catholic Church , or a belief that science " disproves " religion -- actually play a very small role , the study suggests .
" I 've been struck by the very large number across all the different groups who say they just gradually drifted away .
Not all of this is the product of carefully considered , conscious decision - making that happens at a specific point in time , " Smith said .
Case left the Episcopal Church at a time of huge turmoil within the denomination over whether women could be priests , she remembered , but that was n't a factor in her decision .
" There was a gradual sense of , ' Hey , that pair of shoes fits better , ' " she said .
The number of people who have changed religion is much higher than previously thought , the new report suggests .
A Pew Forum study released last year concluded that just over one in four Americans had switched .
Even that lower number was considered " striking , " the Pew Forum said , and the latest research suggests it was a serious underestimate .
More than four in 10 American adults are no longer members of the religion they were brought up in , while about one in 10 changed religion , then went back to the one they left , the study found .
Just under five in 10 -- 47 percent -- have never changed faith .
Some have switched more than once , and a small number have changed three times or more , according to the study .
The survey supported a study released last month in that it found about 16 percent of Americans are not affiliated with any religion .
The American Religious Identification Survey , from Trinity College in Connecticut , found the number to be about 15 percent .
But Smith warned against labeling those people " secular . "
" Upwards of one - third of newly unaffiliated people say they just have n't found the right religion yet , " Smith said .
And many people who had no religion as children later join one , he said .
" More than half the people who are raised unaffiliated are now affiliated , " he said .
" More than half [ of those people ] say they joined their current faith in part because they felt called by God to do so . "
" Just because a people is part of a particular group at this point in time , or a part of no religion , does n't mean they are going to stay that way forever , " said Smith .
Mark Silk , a professor of religion in public life at Trinity College , cautioned against assuming the Pew study was uncovering a new trend .
" The sense that there is a huge amount of flux where there was not before is not accurate , " he told CNN by phone .
" In the 19th century there was a huge amount of switching around and the establishment of new denominations . "
Smith admitted the Pew Forum study could not show much about the past .
" There have been studies that have been done before , but it 's hard to make an apples - to - apples comparison , " he said .
That said , the fact that most people who switch religions do so before they are 24 , combined with the finding that older people as well as younger people have changed , suggests to Smith that the trend has been going on for some time , he said .
" If I 'm 65 and I changed religion at 24 , I changed 40 years ago , " he pointed out .
" It 's not a new phenomenon . "
" Faith in Flux : Changes in Religious Affiliation in the U.S. , " is based on 2,867 new telephone interviews with people who participated in the Pew Forum 's " U.S. Religious Landscape Survey , " which was released last year .
A limestone countertop , a practiced eye and Google Earth all played roles in the discovery of a trove of fossils that may shed light on the origins of African wildlife .
The saga began when University of Michigan paleontologist Philip Gingerich , an authority on ancient whales , learned of a whale fossil from Egypt that had been discovered in a most unconventional way .
At a stonecutting yard in Italy where blocks of stone from around the world are sliced up for countertops , masons had noticed what looked like cross-sections of a skeleton in slabs cut from a huge hunk of limestone imported from Egypt .
Paleontologist Giovanni Bianucci of the University of Pisa recognized these as fossilized remains of a whale that lived in Egypt 40 million years ago , when the region was covered by ocean .
His curiosity piqued by the discovery , Gingerich wanted to visit the site where the limestone was quarried , but the exact location was something of a mystery .
Bianucci had reported that the countertop whale came from a site near the Egyptian city of Sheikh Fadl , but a colleague in Egypt told Gingerich the quarry was probably farther east — exactly where , he was n't sure .
Instead of setting out blindly across the desert , Gingerich sat down at his computer and clicked on Google Earth .
After locating Sheikh Fadl , he scanned eastward until he found a range of limestone bluffs trailing across the desert like the backbone of some enormous serpent .
Continuing his virtual expedition , Gingerich followed the bluffs , looking for roads branching off the main highway that might lead to quarries .
Finally , about 75 miles east of Sheikh Fadl , he came across a road that traveled north to a deeply pocked area that just had to be a cluster of quarries .
Through associates in Egypt , Gingerich made arrangements to travel to Khasm el Raqaba , the area he had located on Google Earth .
" Sure enough , when we got there , there was a huge quarry operation with trucks everywhere , blasting out blocks of limestone , " said Gingerich ,
who is the Ermine Cowles Case Collegiate Professor of Paleontology and director of the U - M Museum of Paleontology .
Within minutes of seeing the site , though , Gingerich realized any whale fossils that might be there would be impossible to locate .
advertisement
Scanning the scene , however , something else caught his eye : bands of red in the white limestone walls of the quarry .
He quickly realized the red bands represented layers of loose soil that were blown into ancient caves .
" Suddenly it dawned on me :
There should be animals preserved in that sediment , too , because caves often act as traps , " Gingerich said .
When he searched at the base of one rock outcrop , there were tiny bones everywhere .
Gingerich collected some of the fossils and took them back to the U - M Museum of Paleontology where Gregg Gunnell , an associate research scientist , began studying them and identified teeth and bones of fossil bats .
Gunnell shared the materials with Ellen Miller of Wake Forest University , who found a few rodent jaws and some additional teeth .
Recently , with funding from National Geographic Society , Gunnell , Miller , U - M assistant research scientist William Sanders and Ahmed El - Barkooky of Cairo University visited the site to collect more of the fossils , which may have an interesting story of their own .
The bones and teeth — remains of small mammals that lived in the early Miocene Epoch , some 18 to 20 million years ago — are the first small mammal fossils of that age to be found in Egypt .
They may even represent some of the first mammals to migrate from Asia to Africa when the land bridge between the two continents first formed .
" It 's likely that animals moving from Asia to Africa passed through the Khasm el Raqaba area , " Gunnell said .
Were the tiny bats , rats and other creatures whose fossils the researchers found among those very first migrants , the progenitors of today 's iconic African wildlife ?
" The record is n't good enough to pin that down yet , " Gunnell said .
" But when these animals are studied in detail , they should lead to a better understanding of biogeography and dispersal events between Asia and Africa and between North Africa and the rest of the African continent . "
The circuitous and serendipitous story , featuring University of Michigan paleontologists Philip Gingerich , Gregg Gunnell and Bill Sanders , is the subject of a segment on the award - winning television series " Wild Chronicles , " currently airing on public television stations ( Episode 412 — Looking Back ) .
" Wild Chronicles " is produced by National Geographic Television and presented by WLIW21 in association with WNET .ORG .
WASHINGTON  Consumers who buy minicars to economize on fuel are making a big tradeoff when it comes to safety in collisions , according to an insurance group that slammed three minimodels into midsize ones in tests .
In a report prepared for release on Tuesday , the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety said that crash dummies in all three models tested  the Honda Fit , the Toyota Yaris and the Smart Fortwo  fared poorly in the collisions .
By contrast , the midsize models into which they crashed fared well or acceptably .
Both the minicars and midsize cars were traveling 40 miles per hour , so the crash occurs at 80 m.p.h .
The institute concludes that while driving smaller and lighter cars saves fuel , “ downsizing and down - weighting is also associated with an increase in deaths on the highway , ” said Adrian Lund , the institute ’s president .
“ It ’s a big effect  it ’s not small , ” he said in a telephone interview .
Yet the institute did not quantify how many more highway deaths might be expected statistically from any increase in the use of minicars .
ATLANTA – Remember the baby boom ?
No , not the one after World War II .
More babies were born in the United States in 2007 than any other year in the nation 's history — and a wedding band made increasingly little difference in the matter .
The 4,317,119 births , reported by federal researchers Wednesday , topped a record first set in 1957 at the height of the baby boom .
Behind the number is both good and bad news .
While it shows the U.S. population is more than replacing itself , a healthy trend , the teen birth rate was up for a second year in a row .
The birth rate rose slightly for women of all ages , and births to unwed mothers reached an all - time high of about 40 percent , continuing a trend that started years ago .
More than three - quarters of these women were 20 or older .
For a variety of reasons , it 's become more acceptable for women to have babies without a husband , said Duke University 's S. Philip Morgan , a leading fertility researcher .
Even happy couples may be living together without getting married , experts say .
And more women — especially those in their 30s and 40s — are choosing to have children despite their single status .
The new numbers suggest the second year of a baby boomlet , with U.S. fertility rates higher in every racial group , the highest among Hispanic women .
On average , a U.S. woman has 2.1 babies in her lifetime .
That 's the " magic number " required for a population to replace itself .
Countries with much lower rates — such as Japan and Italy — face future labor shortages and eroding tax bases as they fail to reproduce enough to take care of their aging elders .
While the number of births in the U.S. reached nearly 4.3 million in 2006 , mainly due to a larger population , especially a growing number of Hispanics , it 's not clear the boomlet will last .
Some experts think birth rates are already declining because of the economic recession that began in late 2007 .
" I expect they 'll go back down .
The lowest birth rates recorded in the United States occurred during the Great Depression — and that was before modern contraception , " said Dr. Carol Hogue , an Emory University professor of maternal and child health .
The 2007 statistical snapshot reflected a relatively good economy coupled with cultural trends that promoted childbirth , she and others noted .
Meanwhile , U.S. abortions dropped to their lowest levels in decades , according to other reports .
Some have attributed the abortion decline to better use of contraceptives , but other experts have wondered if the rise in births might indicate a failure in proper use of contraceptives .
Some earlier studies have shown declining availability of abortions .
Cultural attitudes may be a more likely explanation .
Morgan noted the pregnancy of Bristol Palin , the unmarried teen daughter of former GOP vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin .
The young woman had a baby boy in December , and plans for a wedding with the father , Levi Johnston , were scrapped .
" She 's the poster child for what you do when you get pregnant now , " Morgan said .
Teen women tend to follow what their older sisters do , so perhaps it 's not surprising that teen births are going up just like births to older women , said Sarah Brown , the chief executive for the National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy .
Indeed , it 's harder to understand why teen births had been declining for about 15 years before the recent uptick , she said .
It may have been due to a concentrated effort to reduce teen births in the 1990s that has waned in recent years , she said .
The statistics are based on a review of most 2007 birth certificates by the National Center for Health Statistics , part of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
The numbers also showed :
- Cesarean section deliveries continue to rise , now accounting for almost a third of all births .
Health officials say that rate is much higher than is medically necessary .
About 34 percent of births to black women were by C - section , more than any other racial group .
But geographically , the percentages were highest in Puerto Rico , at 49 percent , and New Jersey , at 38 percent .
- The pre-term birth rate , for infants delivered at less than 37 weeks of pregnancy , declined slightly .
It had been generally increasing since the early 1980s .
Experts said they are n't sure why it went down .
- Among the states , Utah continued to have the highest birth rate and Vermont the lowest .
CDC officials noted that despite the record number of births , this increase is different from occurred in the 1950s , when a much smaller population of women were having nearly four children each , on average .
That baby boom quickly transformed society , affecting everything from school construction to consumer culture .
Today , U.S. women are averaging 2.1 children each .
That 's the highest level since the early 1970s , but is a relatively small increase from the rate it had hovered at for more than 10 years and is hardly transforming .
" It 's the tiniest of baby booms , " said Morgan in agreement .
" This is not an earthquake ; it 's a slight tremor . "
( Agencies )
Time Warner is inching closer to an untangling of what many consider one of the worst mergers in American corporate history by shedding America Online .
Could the company ’s vast magazine empire under Time Inc. , which publishes Sports Illustrated , Time , Fortune and People , be next ?
In a regulatory filing Wednesday , Time Warner said it was nearing a decision to spin off America Online , and put an end to the travails that began with the merger in 2000 of the two companies , a deal that has resulted in the evaporation of more than $ 100 billion of shareholder value .
“ Although the company ’s board of directors has not made any decision , the company currently anticipates that it would initiate a process to spin off one or more parts of the businesses of AOL to Time Warner ’s stockholders , in one or a series of transactions , ” the company said in the filing .
It happens that desperadoes hold groups of people hostage - for instance in planes or banks .
Sometimes the police or military take some quick action or try some ruse to remove the danger .
Sometimes they refrain from moving an inch for fear that hostages will be killed or some disastrous explosion set off .
They may seek to talk the desperado out of his corner , perhaps offer to fly a plane hijacker to another destination after releasing his hostage .
In many cases , they simply wait .
Often - but not always - tiredness and exhaustion bring an end without drama .
Are we in a similar situation with North Korea ?
The big powers recognise that the threat or use of military power is not an option .
Actions against key targets in North Korea could hardly be quick enough to prevent the regime inflicting horrible damage on South Korea and perhaps Japan .
It need not use nuclear weapons .
Seoul is within artillery range from the North .
A sudden collapse of the North Korean state would also be a nightmare .
So what about talking ?
It has been done with varying success for many years and will no doubt be continued .
The US has sometimes voiced threats and increased pressures , and usually thereby made the situation more dangerous .
However , even during the Bush administration ( second term ) , the US seems to have concluded that to talk North Korea out of its nuclear programme the regime must be offered something that is more useful to it than nuclear weapons and missile programmes .
Conversely , the regime knows that for doing away with these programmes , it can demand a great deal .
Over the years , the North Korean regime has had good reasons to fear efforts to eliminate it through actions from outside - military attacks or subversive activities .
It seems wise , therefore , that guarantees against such actions may have been placed on the table .
For the North Korean government , the question may be what offers the best security - nuclear weapons of their own or a piece of paper .
Perhaps a piece of paper could be made more attractive if it were signed by all the relevant great powers and combined with a peace treaty .
Perhaps it would also be more credible if it were offered in the margin of the revival of international nuclear disarmament .
While allowing civilian nuclear power and guaranteeing access to uranium fuel , it would have to comprehensively ban nuclear weapons , enrichment of uranium , and reprocessing on the whole Korean peninsula .
The North Korean regime has often been isolated and ostracised .
Although there have been good reasons for this , the country may well have felt humiliated .
Against that background , the offer of diplomatic relations with the US and Japan , and normal relations with the world at large , may have considerable value as a part of a quid pro quo for dismantling the nuclear weapons programme and for other forms of engagement , for instance against the proliferation of nuclear and missile technology .
Many other offers can and are already part of the sweet talk : food and economic assistance of various kinds , and energy assistance - oil and perhaps a resumption of the construction of the two light - water reactors that were part of the 1994 agreed framework .
There may be limits to the persuasive power of the Chinese government , but it is significant - and there can be no doubt that Beijing has an enormous interest in using it .
A nuclear - capable North Korea shooting missiles over Japan could push Tokyo in a direction that would sharply increase tensions with China .
So while the security council and everybody else will condemn the latest North Korean missile tests , a resumption of the talks will be sought rather than more sanctions .
Perhaps President Carter will go again to Pyongyang , reminding Kim Jong-il and the regime of the wishes of Kim Il - sung .
We must hope that in the six - power talks formulas are found that can bring sufficient benefits to all sides .
Such formulas are unlikely to include sufficient inspection to guarantee that no undeclared fissile material is hidden but must have guarantees against any capability to produce more such material .
And what if nothing is enough to persuade the North Korean regime ?
If it fears that nothing but a continued demonstration of its nuclear weapons and missile power will guarantee its existence ?
Then we shall have to be patient , seek to prevent proliferation , and wait for another day .
• Hans Blix is chairman of the Weapons of Mass Destruction Commission and former head of the UN weapons inspection team in Iraq secretariat@wmdcommission.org
Chasse - taupes avec des chatons
Vous aimez le site , affichez les pubs :)
Code embed
Un homme s'amuse au jeu chasse - taupes avec des chatons .
Quand les chats dépassent leur tête , il tape dessus .
chasse chat chaton jeu taper taupe
It has been noted here and elsewhere that many of the arguments used by the Right against gay marriage were at one time employed to fight against interracial marriage , which was illegal in some parts of the USA until 1967 .
Some history of the similarities between arguments against gay and interracial marriage can be found here .
Specifically :
But it soon became apparent that Reconstruction would not survive long enough to become a turning point in the history of miscegenation law .
As Reconstruction collapsed in the late 1870s , legislators , policymakers , and , above all , judges began to marshal the arguments they needed to justify the reinstatement -- and subsequent expansion - - of miscegenation law .
Here are four of the arguments they used : First , judges claimed that marriage belonged under the control of the states rather than the federal government .
Second , they began to define and label all interracial relationships ( even longstanding , deeply committed ones ) as illicit sex rather than marriage .
Third , they insisted that interracial marriage was contrary to God 's will , and Fourth , they declared , over and over again , that interracial marriage was somehow " unnatural . "
In the event that you are confronted ( or confronting ) someone who is opposed to any form of gay marriage rights , you might consider pointing out that the main arguments used against gay marriage were successfully employed against interracial marriage .
It probably wo n't make an immediate impression , but hopefully it will start people thinking about just how far we 've come in terms of civil rights , and how far we still have to go .
Scientists from the University of Toronto and the University of British Columbia have helped unveil the birthplaces of ancient stars using a two - tonne telescope carried by a balloon the size of a 33 - storey building .
After two years spent analyzing data from the Balloon - borne Large - Aperture Sub- millimeter Telescope ( BLAST ) project , an international group of astronomers and astrophysicists from Canada , the U.S. and the U.K. reveals April 8 in the journal Nature that half of the starlight of the Universe comes from young , star - forming galaxies several billion light years away .
" While those familiar optical images of the night sky contain many fascinating and beautiful objects , they are missing half of the picture in describing the cosmic history of star formation , " says UBC Astronomy Prof.
Douglas Scott .
" Stars are born in clouds of gas and dust , " says Barth Netterfield , a cosmologist in the Department of Astronomy & Astrophysics at U of T .
" The dust absorbs the starlight , hiding the young stars from view .
The brightest stars in the Universe are also the shortest lived and many never leave their stellar nursery .
However , the warmed dust emits light at far - infrared and submillimetre wavelengths – invisible to the human eye , but visible to the sensitive thermo-detectors on BLAST . "
" The history of star formation in the universe is written out in our data .
It is beautiful .
And it is just a taste of things to come , " says UBC Prof .
Mark Halpern , part of the UBC team that also includes post - doctoral fellows Ed Chapin and Gaelen Marsden .
In the 1990s , NASA 's COBE satellite discovered a nearly uniform glow of submillimetre light , known as the Far Infrared Background .
It had been expected that this radiation was coming from warmed dust enshrouding bright young stars , but the nature of the galaxies which contain the dust had remained a mystery .
advertisement
The Nature study combines BLAST submillimetre observations at wavelengths around 0.3 mm – between infrared and microwave wavelengths – with data at much shorter infrared wavelengths from NASA 's Spitzer Space Telescope to confirm that all of the Far Infrared Background comes from individual distant galaxies , answering a decade - old question of the radiation 's origin .
In addition to leading the data analysis , the Canadian scientists also constructed much of the hardware that made BLAST a reality .
The aluminum gondola was designed to protect the telescope , the onboard computers and data upon landing .
The motorized pointing system controlled the 2,000 kilogram payload with its two - metre - in - diameter telescope – the largest of its kind – to one one - hundredth of a degree in precision .
The complex electronics monitored and recorded nearly 1,000 sensors while the software – nearly 300,000 lines of code – controlled the payload during its long flight 39 kilometres above the Earth .
Flying the telescope above much of the atmosphere allowed the BLAST team to peer out into the distant Universe at wavelengths nearly unattainable from the ground , and uncover dust - enshrouded galaxies that hide about half of the starlight in the Universe .
" Over the last decade , submillimetre telescopes on the ground have produced several ' black and white ' images no larger than the size of a fingernail at the end of your outstretched arm , " says Chapin .
" In a single 11 - day flight BLAST has taken a huge leap forward , producing colour images the size of your hand . "
BLAST has acted as a pathfinder for the SPIRE ( Spectral and Photometric Imaging Receiver ) instrument on the upcoming Herschel satellite , in which Canadians are also involved .
Using the same detectors as SPIRE , BLAST has provided an invaluable first look at the submillimetre sky .
advertisement
" BLAST has given us a new view of the Universe , " says Netterfield , whose U of T colleagues on the project include department chair Peter G. Martin and graduate students Marco P. Viero , Donald V. Wiebe ( now a post - doc at UBC ) and Enzo Pascale ( now a faculty member at Cardiff University ) .
" The data we collected enable us to make discoveries in topics ranging from the formation of stars to the evolution of distant galaxies . "
BLAST is also uniquely capable of studying the earliest stages of star formation locally , in the Milky Way Galaxy .
The BLAST collaboration is also releasing a study , submitted to the Astrophysical Journal , of the largest survey to date of the earliest stages of star formation .
This study documents the existence of a large population of cold clouds of gas and dust , many of which have cooled to less than - 260 C .
These cold cores , which exist for millions of years , are the birthplaces of stars .
" Over the last nine years , I 've followed BLAST from Vancouver to Toronto , Philadelphia , New Mexico , Texas , northern Sweden and Antarctica , and it feels great for us to finally announce the results , " says Marsden .
" These results are a very big step forward in submillimetre astronomy . "
" The world - leading scientific success of Canadian graduate students and post - docs working on BLAST has been very impressive and , speaking as an educator , very gratifying , " says Halpern .
Collaborators on the BLAST project include : Mark Devlin , Jeff Klein , Marie Rex , Christopher Semisch and Matthew D. P. Truch ( University of Pennsylvania ) ; Mark Halpern , Edward L. Chapin , Gaelen Marsden , Henry Ngo and Douglas Scott ( University of British Columbia ) ; C. Barth Netterfield , Peter G. Martin , Marco P. Viero , Donald V. Wiebe ( University of Toronto ) ; Enzo Pascale , Peter A. R. Ade , Matthew Griffin , Peter C. Hargrave , Philip Mauskopf , Lorenzo Moncelsi and Carole Tucker ( Cardiff University ) ; James J. Bock ( Jet Propulsion Laboratory ) ; Gregory S. Tucker ( Brown University ) ; Itziar Aretxaga and David H. Hughes ( Instituto Nacional de Astrofısica Optica y Electronica , Mexico ) ; Joshua O. Gundersen and Nicholas Thomas ( University of Miami ) ; Luca Olmi ( University of Puerto Rico , Rio Piedras Campus and the INAF ) , and Guillaume Patanchon ( Laboratoire APC , Paris ) .
The BLAST experiment has been supported by funding from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration , the National Science Foundation Office of Polar Programs , the Canadian Space Agency , the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada , and the UK Science and Technology Facilities Council , and with assistance from Benjamin Magnelli , WestGrid computing resources and the SIMBAD and NASA / IPAC databases , the Columbia Scientific Balloon Facility , Ken Borek Air Ltd. , and the mountaineers of McMurdo Station , Antarctica .
Hundreds of soldiers and police ringed the Mumbai prison
The lawyer for the only surviving suspected gunman from last year 's Mumbai attacks has been sacked , further delaying the high - profile trial .
Pakistani national Mohammed Ajmal Amir Qasab is charged with murder and waging war on India , and appeared in court for the first time earlier .
But the trial judge dismissed the main defence lawyer over claims she was representing a witness in the case .
More than 170 people died when gunmen attacked the city last November .
Mr Qasab , 21 , faces the death penalty if he is convicted .
Conflict of interest
He had been due to meet his defence lawyer , Anjali Waghmare , and decide what plea to enter .
OTHER MAIN QASAB CHARGES
Firing at CST train station Firing inside and outside Cama Hospital Hijacking of Skoda vehicle Murder of MV Kuber boatman Firing at Girgaum Chowpatty beach
Mumbai accused relaxed in court
But trial judge ML Tahiliyani removed Ms Waghmare for " professional misconduct " , saying it did not " appear appropriate " to continue with her as a defence lawyer .
" The interest of the victim and the accused clash with each other ...
Her appointment stands revoked immediately , " he said .
Ms Waghmare is alleged to have signed up to represent Sri Vardhan Kar - a victim of one of the attacks .
Ms Waghmare said she had met Mr Kar once , but had not agreed to represent him .
After legal discussions between the judge and lawyers , prosecutor Ujwal Nikam told reporters that Mr Qasab had now asked for a Pakistani lawyer to represent him .
Mr Nikam said foreign lawyers are not allowed to represent defendants in Indian courts , but Indian officials would now ask Pakistan to choose an Indian lawyer for him .
In the meantime , Mr Nikam said the court hoped to appoint a lawyer for the defendant on Thursday .
Tight security India has accused Pakistan - based fighters from the banned group Lashkar - e - Taiba of carrying out the attacks .
Pakistan has admitted they were partly planned on its soil .
Mr Qasab was arrested on the first day of the attacks and has been in custody ever since .
Ms Waghmare denies agreeing to represent a victim Two Indians who are accused of being Lashkar - e - Taiba members , Fahim Ansari and Sabauddin Ahmed , also face trial .
They are accused of scouting for the attacks .
The trial was due to get under way in earnest last week , but was delayed because the high - security courtroom was not ready .
A huge security operation was launched involving hundreds of armed police and soldiers to ensure Mr Qasab 's first appearance passed off smoothly .
All three of the accused appeared in court on Wednesday morning .
Our correspondent says Mr Qasab , bearded and wearing a grey T - shirt and dark track suit trousers with red stripes , greeted the judge and smiled throughout the proceedings .
Mr Qasab chatted to the other two defendants in the dock , but was told to stop by the judge .
He spoke again only when he was asked by the judge whether he knew his lawyers , to which he replied " I do n't know " and " I do n't remember " .
Reporters in the court said Mr Qasab , whose first language is Urdu , seemed to pay little attention to the court proceedings .
A 6 m - long ( 20 ft ) bomb - proof tunnel has been built to connect Mr Qasab 's jail cell to the court where he is being tried .
It is the first time a measure like this has been taken in India .
For security reasons
Mr Qasab's two previous appearances before the trial judge have been through a video link .
Traffic in the area was severely restricted on Wednesday , with motorists being told to avoid routes near the prison .
This case has generated huge interest in India , whose citizens were outraged by what they saw as the inability of their leaders to protect them in November .
India 's government is under pressure to deliver results in the case , especially as the first phase of voting in the country 's general elections begins on Thursday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I ’m late posting today .
I had a big project to do ( taxes ) which is n’t even nearly done , though after a long day I made some big dents in it .
Recent move and such just left files and receipts and paperwork unsorted , accumulated in several bins .
Tedious work but now that part ’s done , anyway .
But the day leaves me feeling kind of pooped .
I did manage to get out for my workout , and even did a nicely balanced , intense one — a good set of lower bod weights and then 45 minutes on the elliptical , and I did that much better than yesterday .
But by now , the energy is a bit low .
Which brings to mind an important topic : rest and weight loss .
This is one of those places where the “ Puritan ” hard - work values that many of us carry around in our heads can actually be a little bit dangerous .
There are two main reasons for making sure you balance all your self - control , diet , and exercise , with both rest and even just the occasional “ day off . ”
They both have some pretty sound science behind them .
First , the matter of sleep .
It turns out that if we do n’t get adequate sleep , it can have many negative health effects .
The main one , from our point of view as weight - losers , is that we are more likely to put on the pounds .
Two hormones , ghrelin and leptin , appear to help control appetite , and both of these can be knocked out of balance by sleep deprivation , resulting in weight gain .
The second reason for getting adequate rest has to do with your ability to maintain self - control .
This makes sense and probably fits with your experience — when you ’re tired or stressed out , all your best - laid plans to exercise , floss , or keep up to date on your blogging may tend to fall by the wayside .
Researchers have also confirmed that we seem to have a finite amount of “ self - control ” — if you are working hard to not overeat , for instance , you may find it very difficult to also quit smoking or cut back on your spending or video game hobby .
But one of the best ways to recharge your self - control “ batteries ” is simple : get some rest .
When you ’re fresh and energized , it ’s much easier to get back to your preferred routines .
With that , I ’ll stop for now and go put my feet up .
See ya tomorrow .
As " spiritual successor " to the Baldur 's Gate series , BioWare 's upcoming fantasy RPG has lot to live up to .
Not to mention a console port expectation that no PC RPG has ever fulfilled .
Advertisement
It does n't help that the game is being touted as a " new " take on the fantasy genre , or that the PC ship date was shoved back to coincide with the console release .
But BioWare may yet deliver on all their promises .
They have all the ingredients of a good game , plus some genuinely interesting ideas that have n't made it into any other game quite yet .
Advertisement
The newest of these ingredients – the approvals system – was showcased at the latest Dragon Age : Origins demo .
Actually , it looks a lot like the character interactions in Baldur 's Gate II – but in that game , characters would n't do better in battle if they liked you .
Origins shakes things up by giving you an invisible approval score among your party members .
Certain actions you take or choices you make affect the score , netting you approval or disapproval .
The more a party member approves of you , the more effective they are in combat – and you also get the Baldur 's Gate II perks like hidden side quest or romantic relationships .
The less the party member approves of you , the more likely they are to up and leave like they do in Baldur 's Gate – but in Origins , they could possibly turn against you , if you do something they really , really disapprove of .
For my look at this interaction system , I watched a BioWare employee play through a quest called The Defense of Red Cliff .
The village – called Red Cliff – is being repeatedly attacked by the game 's primary evil , The Blight .
The game is largely an open world after the first few hours of tutorial play , so this quest does n't occur at any particular point in the game 's timeline – but I was told it was " after the first third " of the game .
The demo master 's party consisted of slutty sorceress Morrigan , archer Liliana ( a.k.a. Girl Legolas ) , and the sullen Sten , plus the generic human Grey Warder main character .
The demo master chose to play his Warder mostly as a Nice Guy – offering to help the village fight off the Blight and even agreeing to rescue some drunk blacksmith 's daughter .
He did choose to kick in a door and gave one snippy response in a dialogue tree ; but for the most part , I felt like I was watching " Boy Scout Goes to Middle Earth . "
Morrigan and Sten shared my cynicism – as soon as the demo master started spouting heroic platitudes , the sorceress made some quip about rescuing kittens from trees and Sten nagged about needing to go do other , more important stuff .
An icon list appeared on screen when the dialogue tree to accept the quest ended , informing me that Morrigan and Sten disapproved of the Grey Warder 's actions while Liliana approved , possibly laying the groundwork for a romance with the Warder later .
Advertisement
BioWare did n't confirm or deny the depth of the relationship system in the game ( e.g. we do know that you can have more than one relationship at a time , but we do n't know if homosexual relationships are possible for both genders ) .
They did insist that it was " classy " and highlighted a new gift system where you have to find out what characters like and give them those things to raise their approval rating .
For example , Morrigan likes jewelry , but she does n't like rocks ; she will take a rock if you give it to her , but you have to load her up with trinkets to get a spike in her approval rating .
Sounds like a dating sim , really – but if jewelry is what it takes to bump Morrigan 's approval up enough to unlock her best spells ( or at the very least keep her from turning on me ) , then so be it .
The next ingredient that could make Dragon Age : Origins a good game is the combat system .
It 's not especially new , but it is detailed and effective .
BioWare has already shown off a bit of the spell - chaining in the combat system ; cast an ice spell to freeze an enemy , cast a stone spell on yourself so your fist is rock - hard , and then punch the frozen enemy to shatter him to bits – a la Terminator 2 .
But this time , they showed their tactics system in action .
Advertisement
Like many RPGs , Origins lets you set the behaviors of characters so that you do n't have to babysit them in battle and make sure they do n't blow all the healing items .
The usual defaults are aggressive , passive , defend or whatever ; a few games get super - specific at the level of setting the exact health percentage a character needs to be at before the mage to casts heal .
Origins keeps both layers of management , letting the player get ultra-micromanagement -y with who casts what and under which circumstance or allowing them to stay out of it altogether and let the game decide who should be doing what based on class , equipment and skill level .
At this point in the demo , the village militia rallied to fight off the Blight at dusk , when an evil green mist swept down into the valley .
Our party of heroes stood at the bridge leading to the village , waiting for the zombies the Blight produces to come through the choke point .
Morrigan cast an area effect fire spell so the zombies would catch fire as they came over the bridge , then cast invulnerability and anti-knockdown spells on Sten so he could wade out into the fire and hack the flaming zombies .
Liliana picked stragglers off with arrows and the Grey Warder – because he was a rogue class – just hung out and occasionally back - stabbed zombies that made it past everyone else .
Advertisement
This is an ingredient that could go either way for Origins : the player perspective .
It was the combat that really made this clear to me because combat works like it does in Baldur 's Gate : you can pause during combat and issue specific orders to your characters , or just let the combat play itself out like a real time strategy game .
In that game , though , you were in a zoomed - out RTS view by default .
In Origins , you can choose to play in a zoomed in third - person action view .
You can , but I can't see why you 'd want to since combat is still largely tactical .
Yeah , it 's nice to see how detailed everything is up close while the fighting is going on , and maybe I could trust the AI to handle the other three characters while I play as just one – but I 'm not sure I 'd really enjoy it that way .
I might get bored .
Whatever – back to the battle .
After the skirmish at the bridge ended , a villager ran up to tell the party that there was a larger attack in the town square .
It was about this point that I put my finger on what bothered me so much about the Origins cut scenes .
It 's not that the characters look strange – waxy faces with hollow eyes are to be expected in PC cut scenes – it's that your character , the Grey Warder , seems so dull in comparison to everyone else .
BioWare brought in some very decent actors , even real Englishmen from England to do English accents ; so it 's just weird to see an emotional plea fall on the apparently deaf ears of " my " character who can't even talk or so much as lift an eyebrow in response to being yelled at .
I guess Shepard having the power of speech in Mass Effect spoiled me .
Advertisement
Oh well – there were zombies to kill , so who cares about vacant - eyed everyman characters ?
The demo master zoomed out as the party ran down to the village square to show off the RTS view ; it evoked so much Baldur 's Gate nostalgia , I actually got a little verklempt .
Once at the square , the demo master paused the game , commanded Morrigan and Liliana to run up to the steps for a ranged attack vantage point and then un-paused to order Sten and the Grey Warder into the fray of zombies flooding the square .
While this was going on , Lead Designer Mike Laidlaw explained the dynamic nature of the cut scenes .
" Dynamic cut scenes " is a fancy way of saying that what your character does in the world is reflected in story cut scenes .
For example , if the village leader that gave you the quest to defend Red Cliff died during the fight , another character would lament his loss in the quest - completion cut scene – if he lived , he'd be there , giving a speech about how awesome you are .
Another example is from earlier in the quest : if we 'd neglected to help the blacksmith , we would have seen all the militia wearing crappy armor instead of the shiny stuff the smith whipped up for them .
Advertisement
I can't say that that 's a " new " ingredient for BioWare , or for fantasy RPGs in general ( * cough * Witcher * cough * ) – but it does sweeten the deal a bit .
And depending on how far they carry it , it could feel new enough to be significant to the fantasy RPG genre .
Speaking of which , you 'll be glad to know that BioWare is n't being idle with the extra time they have on the PC version while they figure out the console release : they 've decided to " aggressively pursue " online features that will engender a sense of community around Origins and potentially lead to downloadable content .
Nothing specific had been said yet ( aside from a firm " no multiplayer " ) , but item creation or editing or sharing all sound possible and there already is an achievement system in place that may or may not tie into the online features ( and may or may not be converted to Games for Windows Achievements ) .
Advertisement
It all sounds very spiffy – and given BioWare 's track record , there 's no reason to doubt that they can inject new life into a hackneyed genre with decent writing and voice acting .
But I 'm worried about the challenge of getting this experience on console intact .
When I sat down to this demo , Laidlaw admitted that they had n't even tested a controller scheme yet – not a good sign .
At best , we 'll get a clunky controller system that does n't do as easily what the PC version does ( think The Elder Scrolls IV : Oblivion ) .
In the worst case , they 'll have to actually change the game , cutting things from the console release or dumbing - down the PC version altogether .
As long as they do n't cut the relationship system , I 'm cool .
And if they 're going to be dicking around with item editing for online trading , I would really like to see a jewelry editor .
Because if I 'm going to amass a harem of battlemages , I do n't want them wearing tacky pre-rendered junk .
How 's that for role - playing ?
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Citizens can challenge state , local gun laws COURTS
A federal appeals court ruled Monday that private citizens can challenge state and local gun laws by invoking the constitutional right to bear arms - the first such ruling in the nation - but upheld a ban on firearms at gun shows at the Alameda County Fairgrounds in Pleasanton .
The ruling by the Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco followed last year 's landmark Supreme Court decision that the Constitution 's Second Amendment protects an individual 's right to possess guns for self - defense .
The high court struck down a handgun prohibition in Washington , D.C. , a federal enclave , and did not say whether the Second Amendment also applied to state and local laws .
Nor did the court spell out the extent of the government 's authority to regulate firearms , although it said guns could be excluded from " sensitive places such as schools and government buildings . "
National Rifle Association lawsuits in the aftermath of the ruling prompted some local governments and agencies to abandon restrictive gun laws , including a ban on possession of guns and ammunition in public housing that the San Francisco Housing Authority dropped in January .
But no court had ruled on the scope of the Second Amendment until Monday .
The case was a challenge by gun show promoters to a 1999 ordinance that banned firearms on all Alameda County property , including the fairgrounds , where 16 people had been injured in a melee that included gunfire the previous year .
The court could have decided the case with its conclusion that the ban was a reasonable safety measure , without addressing the Second Amendment , but opted for a broader ruling .
While a few sections of the Bill of Rights apply only to the federal government , amendments that protect fundamental rights - including the Second Amendment - can be enforced against the states , said Judge Diarmuid O'Scannlain in the 3 - 0 decision .
" The right to bear arms is deeply rooted in the history and tradition of the republic , " O'Scannlain said , citing selected passages from speeches and writings during the colonial and post -Revolutionary War period and the years leading up to the Civil War .
" It is a means to protect the public from tyranny " as well as " to protect the individual from threats to life or limb . "
Judge Ronald Gould , in a separate opinion , pictured a gun-wielding citizenry defending 21st century America against invaders or terrorists .
" That we have a lawfully armed populace adds a measure of security for all of us and makes it less likely that a band of terrorists could make headway in an attack on any community before more professional forces arrived , " he said .
The judges concluded , however , that the Supreme Court 's reference to exclusion of guns from " sensitive places " allows a county to ban firearms from its property .
The ordinance " does not meaningfully impede the ability of individuals to defend themselves in their homes , " O'Scannlain said , and county officials are entitled to conclude that guns sold at shows on the fairgrounds could be dangerous .
Donald Kilmer , lawyer for the gun show promoters , said they have not yet decided whether to appeal .
He said other Bay Area counties - including San Mateo , Marin , Santa Cruz and Sonoma - have emulated the Alameda County ban , despite what he described as a lack of evidence linking the gun shows to any crimes or violence .
" The county was never able to point to any problems , " Kilmer said .
" Is n't it a good idea for gun shows , if they 're going to take place , to be on public property " patrolled by law enforcement ?
The county 's lawyer was unavailable for comment .
Sam Hoover , an attorney with Legal Community Against Violence , which supports gun regulation , said the court had needlessly opened the door to challenges of other state and local laws .
" We already have a patchwork , piecemeal system of gun regulation in the United States , " he said .
" This is going to make it that much harder to stem the tide of gun deaths and injuries . "
All right , tell me this does n’t sound a little strange :
I ’m sitting in Costa Mesa with a silver - haired gent who once ran for Congress as a Republican and used to lock up drug dealers as a federal prosecutor , a man who served as an Orange County judge for 25 years .
And what are we talking about ?
He ’s begging me to tell you we need to legalize drugs in America .
“ Please quote me , ” says Jim Gray , insisting the war on drugs is hopeless .
“ What we are doing has failed . ”
As far as I can tell , Gray is not off his rocker .
He ’s not promoting drug use , he says for clarification .
Anything but .
If he had his way , half the revenue we would generate from taxing and regulating drugs would be plowed back into drug prevention education , and there ’d be rehab on demand .
Advertisement
So here he is in coat and tie -- with a U.S. flag lapel pin -- eating his oatmeal and making perfect sense , even when talking about the way President Obama flippantly dismissed a question about legalizing marijuana last week during a White House news conference .
“ Politicians get reelected talking tough regarding the war on drugs , ” says Gray .
“ Do you want to hear the speech ?
Vote for Gray .
I will put drug dealers in jail and save your children . ”
I had gone to visit Gray in part to discuss his support for a bill introduced last month by Democratic San Francisco Assemblyman Tom Ammiano , who is calling for marijuana to be regulated and taxed much like alcohol .
Does the bill have a chance ?
Advertisement
I would n’t bet a pack of Zig - Zag rolling paper .
It ’s a provocative idea that gets dusted off now and again , but the usual reaction is either ridicule or sober concern about sending the wrong message to youths , among others , and making substance abuse a greater problem than it already is .
But take a look at the world , people .
Mexican drug lords are better armed than police and killing thousands who do n’t buy into the corruption -- with the violence crashing our borders -- and American enemies abroad are financed by the opium trade .
Ten days ago I visited a Los Angeles elementary school where students practice dropping to the floor and making themselves as flat as pancakes to avoid stray bullets from the gang - infested neighborhood , and drugs play a role in that violence .
On Wednesday I strolled through downtown Los Angeles and marijuana smoke filled the air , a mocking reminder of the impossible task of eradicating drugs , despite the trillions spent and the thousands of people we ’ve locked away in our jails and prisons .
Advertisement
Bravo to Hillary Rodham Clinton , says Gray , for admitting last week that American demand for drugs is responsible for the bloodshed in Mexico .
“ But she got the facts right and the solution wrong , ” he says , just as everyone else has in a war that ’s been escalating for decades .
Gray was on the Municipal Court bench in the 1980s when he took his first hit from the reform pipe .
The vast majority of the cases coming before him were alcohol - related , he said , and he was able to divert defendants into screening and recovery .
But he could n’t do the same in drug cases , and he was frustrated , both in Municipal Court bench and later on the Superior Court bench .
“ Our jails are filled with low - level users who sold to support the habit , ” says Gray , who believes that the tougher the criminal justice system gets on drug offenders , the fewer resources it has to go after rapists , robbers and other criminals .
Advertisement
In 1992 he called a news conference in Santa Ana and stated his case for legalized drugs .
In Orange County , that was like coming out in favor of communism and nose rings , but Gray never flinched from insisting that the drug war was a waste of tax dollars and that it was putting too many citizens and police in harm ’s way .
He became a member of Law Enforcement Against Prohibition and wrote the book “ Why Our Drug Laws Have Failed and What We Can Do About It . ”
“ His book drives a stake through the heart of the failed war on drugs , ” says a back - cover blurb from Walter Cronkite .
Gray , by the way , is a former Peace Corps volunteer and Navy lawyer who now counts himself a Libertarian , all of which reminds us why we love California .
He says his conservative roots make him the best man for the campaign to legalize drugs .
“ Who better than a conservative judge in a conservative county who ’s never used any form of illicit drugs ? ” he asks .
When Ammiano ’s bill was introduced , Gray was invited to the news conference by the openly gay Democrat .
Advertisement
“ I have received standing ovations from the ACLU and the Young Republicans of Orange County , ” says Gray .
“ It crosses all political lines . ”
Not everyone thinks he ’s citizen of the year , though .
Gray says he ’s often asked about sending the wrong message , and he responds with a reality check .
Anyone who wants illegal drugs can easily get them , but doing so may put them in harm ’s way .
Would n’t it be smarter to sell the drugs at government stores , so advertising could be outlawed , taxes collected on one of California ’s biggest cash crops and drug gangs eradicated ?
If Gray had his way , no one under 21 could buy drugs .
But anyone older than that could legally buy marijuana -- which , he says , causes nowhere near the amount of death and disease as alcohol .
The state would need to see how that works , he said , before moving on to legalizing the sale of harder drugs .
Sure , he says , legalization might lead to more toking at first , but he believes drug use would wane when it was no longer forbidden and the novelty wore off .
I ’m not sure I agree with that point , but I say we give it a try , and I do buy into Gray ’s argument about who the winners are in the current system .
Advertisement
First , there are the drug lords in Mexico and beyond .
Then the drug gangs that peddle the stuff here .
Next come the law enforcement agencies , prison contractors and prison guards , which use the war on drugs to demand more resources .
And finally , there are the politicians who have wooed voters since the Nixon administration by pledging to support the war on drugs .
“ My personal opinion , ” says Gray , “ is that we could n’t have done worse if we tried . ”
--
steve.lopez@latimes.com
Advertisement
--
latimes.com /lopez
Readers ’ views
Should California legalize marijuana ?
Cast your vote .
Congressional Democrats have launched a bid to shift the United States into greener energy technologies , while protecting US consumers and jobs during a difficult transition .
The draft plan , released Tuesday by the House Energy and Commerce Committee , moves one of President Obama ’s key campaign pledges onto a fast track on Capitol Hill .
It also opens a debate over how America powers its economy – one that crosses party and regional lines – at a time of deep economic stress .
“ This legislation will create millions of clean - energy jobs , put America on the path to energy independence , and cut global warming pollution , ” said Rep. Henry Waxman ( D ) of California in a statement .
The bill ’s main elements
The bill has three main elements : developing clean energy sources , dramatically boosting energy efficiency , and capping and reducing greenhouse - gas emissions .
The bill also aims to protect US consumers and industry during the transition to a clean energy economy .
Development of wind energy , solar energy , geothermal energy , smart - grid efforts , and new transmission lines would be accelerated , and there would be a new standard for utilities to meet regarding use of renewable sources for generating electricity .
Utilities in all states would be required to gradually increase the proportion of renewables to 25 percent by 2025 .
The measure would also set a low - carbon standard for transportation fuels and push to reduce coal emissions by developing technologies to capture and sequester carbon .
As expected , the bill unveiled Tuesday is getting mixed reviews .
Critics , including many Republicans , charge that the plan will kill jobs and add thousands of dollars to the average family ’s utility bill .
“ Tuesday ’s cap - and - trade bill marks a triumph of fear over good sense and science , and it could n’t come at a worse time , because it proposes to save the planet by sacrificing the economy , ” said Rep. Joe Barton of Texas , the top Republican on the energy panel .
Citing a recent University of Massachusetts study , he added that new jobs associated with boosting domestic oil and gas supplies , which would be hard hit by the proposed bill , pay twice as much as jobs associated with green investment .
“ It ’s not hard to guess which line of work most people would choose , especially if they did n’t have the foresight to be born into money , ” he said .
Energy - efficiency advocates , on the other hand , are generally enthused .
The bill contains a number of reforms that strengthen the US Energy Department ’s authority to set energy standards for energy guzzlers that currently do n't have any standards , such as hot tubs , says Andrew Delaski , executive director of the Appliance Standards Awareness Project , which is sponsored by several environmental groups .
“ This is a pragmatic bill that tries to balance a historic opportunity to unleash clean energy to rebuild our economy and stop the climate crisis , with the diversity of views on the Energy & Commerce Committee , ” says Emily Figdor , director of the Federal Global Warming Program at Environment America , a coalition of environmental groups .
The draft bill includes strong clean - energy standards that reflect the latest climate science , Ms. Figdor notes .
“ But on the flip side , we ’re disappointed that the bill includes sky - high levels of carbon offsets , which provide less - certain reductions in emissions , and lavish subsidies , including for ratepayers , for still - unproven carbon capture and storage technology . ”
Business backing
The bill draws heavily on recommendations by the US Climate Action Partnership ( USCAP ) , a coalition of business groups favoring climate legislation .
As a result , it may be more likely to attract moderate lawmakers .
The draft legislation is “ a strong starting point for enacting legislation to reduce greenhouse - gas emissions , ” according to a statement from USCAP , which includes Alcoa , ConocoPhilips , Duke Energy , and General Motors , among other corporations .
“ A number of compromises and proposals were already hammered out , ” says David Doniger , policy director of the Natural Resources Defense Council ( NRDC ) .
“ It ’s not a bill crafted just by environmentalists , but with all the interests in mind . ”
The cost of the bill has n’t been assessed yet by the Energy Information Administration or the Environmental Protection Agency .
The cost of cap - and - trade
" It would be reasonable to anticipate that , overall , the climate portion would cost , at most , 1 percent of GDP [ gross domestic product ] , ” says Robert Stavins , an environmental economist and director of Harvard ’s environmental economics program .
“ That ’s a big number , but I do n’t see it pushing us into another recession . ”
" Still , ” he adds , “ it will be difficult to deal with during an economic downturn . ”
A big facet of the cap - and - trade portion of the legislation involves the allocation of pollution permits – one permit per ton .
Many environmental groups have supported the idea of auctioning 100 percent of the permits .
But the bill , while it avoids specifying how the permits would be allocated , does set aside 15 percent of them to be allocated to energy - intensive industries such as steel , concrete , paper , and glass , which would be immediately hit by higher energy prices and foreign competition .
“ Our view is that some measure of free allocation to companies that ca n’t pass along their cost – [ that ] are very energy - intensive and trade - exposed – is appropriate , ” says Mr. Doniger of the NRDC .
Power companies are emerging as early critics of the plan .
Scott Segal , director of the Electric Reliability Coordinating Council , a trade group representing power companies , says , “ There is an open question as to whether … the bill is based on sufficient energy and economic modeling . ”
He cites the bill ’s “ silence ” on how emissions permits will be allocated and notes that the recession will make “ an across - the - board increase in energy prices all the more difficult . ”
Business and environmental groups have been gearing up for an overhaul of US energy policy for years .
To succeed , the bill will need bipartisan support
But even with Mr. Obama in the White House and with Democrats holding majorities in the House and Senate , lawmakers will have to structure a bill that can cross regional and party lines , as well as win some business support , to get a bill to the president ’s desk .
Early on , Democrats signaled a concern for those hardest hit in adjusting to the new law .
“ It creates new green - collar jobs , creates a reliable market for private - sector investment , promotes energy efficiency with stronger fuel and renewable - energy standards , ” said House majority leader Steny Hoyer in a statement Tuesday .
“ And it also helps businesses comply and be part of the transition to a clean energy future , which we think is absolutely critical . ”
For the Alliance for American Manufacturing ( AAM ) , that means adjusting rebates and border controls to makes sure that foreign competitors are also held accountable for their contributions to greenhouse emissions .
' A global solution is an imperative '
“ Greenhouse gases are a global problem , and a global solution is an imperative , ” said AAM executive director Scott Paul in a statement .
“ The last thing Congress should want to do is offshore jobs and production to foreign manufacturers that have significantly larger carbon footprints , undermining the aim of climate change policy . ”
Environmental groups , which generally support the broad plan , want to see how – exactly – a proposed cap - and - trade system would function .
“ They have n’t worked out exact allocation schemes , ” says Sarah Saylor , legislative representative for Earth Justice .
“ This has been the sticky piece of this legislation . ”
The House Energy panel plans hearings on this draft proposal after a two - week recess that begins next week , with a goal of moving to a floor vote by the end of May .
The Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee began a markup of energy legislation Tuesday and is aiming to pass a bill out of committee by Memorial Day .
The Senate Environment and Public Works Committee is preparing stand - alone legislation on global warming .
Posted by safiyyah on 27 Apr 2009 / 0 Comment
The March 2009 issue of Time magazine carried an extensive article about Islam , called “ A Quiet Revolution grows in the Muslim world ” by Robin Wright .
While the article speaks broadly about Islam , I will focus on those passages and statements which deal with Muslim women .
This is how Time describes the “ soft revolution ” :
Today ’s revolution is more vibrantly Islamic than ever .
Yet it is also decidedly antijihadist and ambivalent about Islamist political parties .
Culturally , it is deeply conservative , but its goal is to adapt to the 21st century .
Politically , it rejects secularism and Westernization but craves changes compatible with modern global trends .
The soft revolution is more about groping for identity and direction than expressing piety .
The new revolutionaries are synthesizing Koranic values with the ways of life spawned by the Internet , satellite television and Facebook .
For them , Islam , you might say , is the path to change rather than the goal itself .
So , according to Time , it is a new and growing movement within Islam , constituted of young Muslim men and women who have a modern outlook on life , combined with a deep faith in the religion .
These Muslims are competent with platforms like blogging , Facebook , Twitter , etc. , are involved in all walks of life , from film to gender equality activism .
The soft revolution disassociates itself from “ extremist ” Islam , and is showing a kinder , gentler , more profound face of the faith .
The title suggests that this article represents the “ Muslim world ” , which is a trifle exaggerated , as it deals mainly with Egyptian society , with a few quotes and references interspersed here and there about the U.S.A , Turkey , Kuwait and Saudi Arabia .
There is no problem with this , as the workings of these Muslim societies are indeed very interesting and complex .
However , they should not be understood as comprising the entire Muslim world , especially given that the largest Muslim majority country is a South East Asian one .
Nevertheless , my interest was piqued .
I found the very opening statement of the article to be particularly misleading and irrelevant .
Three decades after Iran ’s upheaval established Islamic clerical rule for the first time in 14 centuries , a quieter and more profound revolution is transforming the Muslim world .
Dalia Ziada is a part of it .
At first glance , I thought , “ Oh , okay , Dalia , an Iranian , is part of a new and profound revolution .
Great ! ”
It turns out , that Dalia is in fact Egyptian , and has nothing to do with Iran , whose dynamics are totally different from that of Egypt .
Why bring up Iran ’s Islamic revolution in an article which does not even quote one Iranian or discuss the current Iranian situation regarding the topic under scrutiny ?
I wondered if it was to bring to mind dark and gloomy pictures of unsmiling Iranians , ( who are anything but ! ) clad in black chadors , or clerical garb , in contrast with this new “ soft revolution ” , which represents young , fashionable , modern Muslims , as if the two are dialectically opposed ?
This is a rather simplistic view of Islam , where there are no clear cut boundaries between labels like “ conservative ” , “ progressive ” , and “ liberal ” .
Could it have also been to conjure images of a violent revolution , which was not “ profound ” , or to divide Muslims along sectarian lines , with Iran as the “ other ” , at a time when Iran is a major backache for the West ?
Back to Dalia , who is actually a very interesting Egyptian woman .
Here is what Time has to say about her .
When Ziada was 8 , her mother told her to don a white party dress for a surprise celebration .
It turned out to be a painful circumcision .
But Ziada decided to fight back .
The young Egyptian spent years arguing with her father and uncles against the genital mutilation of her sister and cousins , a campaign she eventually developed into a wider movement .
She now champions everything from freedom of speech to women ’s rights and political prisoners .
To promote civil disobedience , Ziada last year translated into Arabic a comic - book history about Martin Luther King Jr. and distributed 2,000 copies from Morocco to Yemen .
Now 26 , Ziada organized Cairo ’s first human - rights film festival in November .
The censorship board did not approve the films , so Ziada door stopped its chairman at the elevator and rode up with him to plead her case .
When the theatre was suspiciously closed at the last minute , she rented a tourist boat on the Nile for opening night–waiting until it was offshore and beyond the arm of the law to start the movie .
Ziada shies away from little , including the grisly intimate details of her life .
But she also wears a veil , a sign that her religious faith remains undimmed .
“ My ultimate interest , ” she wrote in her first blog entry , “ is to please Allah with all I am doing in my own life . ”
I was impressed with the profile Time painted , reflecting a courageous Muslim woman , opposed to the usual stereotypical pictures of oppression and submissiveness .
However , the “ but ” in “ But she also wears a veil ” seemed to be a disclaimer , expressing that while Dalia might be very outspoken and accomplished , she is still “ behind ” in Western standards .
I would have liked to read , “ Indeed , she also wears a veil . ”
Another passage with implications for Muslim women is
Later this year , the Turkish scholars are expected to publish six volumes that reject thousands of Islam ’s most controversial practices , from stoning adulterers to honour killings .
Some hadith , the scholars contend , are unsubstantiated ; others were just invented to manipulate society .
“ There is one tradition which says ladies are religiously and rationally not complete and of lesser mind , ” says Ismail Hakki Unal of Ankara University ’s divinity school , a member of the commission .
“ We think this does not conform to the soul of the Koran .
And when we look at the Prophet ’s behaviour toward ladies , we do n’t think those insulting messages belong to him . ”
Another hadith insists that women be obedient to their husbands if they are to enter paradise .
“ Again , this is incompatible with the Prophet , ” Unal says .
“ We think these are sentences put forth by men who were trying to impose their power over the ladies . ”
Finally , a mainstream publication writes about cultural practices which discriminate against women , that do not belong to Islam , and better yet , admitted by Turkish scholars .
On a more critical note , I am not sure how I feel about a man admitting these things , it seems at once necessary and Time makes it sound like Muslims have only realized now , 1429 years too late , that these practices are not a part of Islam , even though Muslim men and women have been fighting these demons for centuries .
condescending .
Necessary because men have been largely responsible for attributing these cultural phenomena to Islam as well as perpetrating these atrocities in the name of Islam .
Condescending , because it feeds the usual stereotype of Muslim men controlling every aspect of the lives of Muslim women , including speaking for them .
I suppose I would have felt better if a woman ’s input was included here .
Regarding women ’s involvement in the “ soft revolution ” , Wright writes ,
Crucially , this latest wave of Islamic thought is not led only by men .
Eman el - Marsafy is challenging one of the strictest male domains in the Muslim world –the mosque .
For 14 centuries , women have largely been relegated to small side rooms for prayer and excluded from leadership .
But el - Marsafy is one of hundreds of professional women who are memorizing the Koran and is even teaching at Cairo ’s al - Sadiq Mosque .
“ We ’re taking Islam to the new world , ” el - Marsafy says .
“ We can do everything everyone else does .
We want to move forward too . ”
Again , great to see this kind of representation in so mainstream a publication , but the facts are a bit skewed .
First , women have been very much involved in Islamic thought from the very inception of Islam , not only since this “ latest wave of thought ” .
Second , the mosque has only been male dominated for approximately the last 13 centuries , not 14 .
In the early period of Islam , no such thing as segregation , or “ small side rooms for prayer ” existed .
The overall message is however , a positive one .
Regarding hijab , which of course , must make it stage appearance , Wright notes
The young are in the vanguard .
A graduate in business administration and a former banker , el - Marsafy donned the hijab when she was 26 , despite fierce objections from her parents .
( Her father was an Egyptian diplomat , her mother a society figure . )
But last year , el - Marsafy ’s mother , now in her 60s , began wearing the veil too .
That is a common story .
Forty years ago , Islamic dress was rare in Egypt .
Today , more than 80 % of women are estimated to wear the hijab , and many put it on only after their daughters did .
Piety alone is not the explanation for the change in dress .
“ The veil is the mask of Egyptian woman in a power struggle against the dictatorship of men , ” says Nabil Abdel Fattah of Cairo ’s al - Ahram Center for Political and Strategic Studies and author of The Politics of Religion .
“ The veil gives women more power in a man ’s world . ”
Ziada , the human - rights activist , says the hijab–her headscarves are in pinks , pastels , floral prints and plaids , not drab black –provides protective cover and legitimacy for her campaigns .
A rather refreshing stance on hijab , in a world where the very word “ veil ” , which by the way , does not translate literally to “ hijab ” , holds connotations of either repression on the one extreme , or eroticism on the other .
So , Time admits to the world that women do n’t just wear that thing for their husbands or because their fathers force them to , they also wear it for piety , politics and even power .
Who would have thought that the headscarf could gain a woman power in Egypt ?
Because the headscarf has been made to be all about oppression , it is interesting to see this take on it , which voices the relevance of choice to veiling .
However , I am not comfortable with the statement , “ The veil gives women more power in a man ’s world . ” , as this belittles Muslim women as aiming for nothing more than to be equal to men , when in reality , the goals and ambitions of Muslim women , who are a mass sector of the global population , vary from simply fighting to work outside the home , to running for president and prime minister .
The issue of hijab is introduced as a symbol of the “ soft revolution ” .
Time speaks of the trend of many young Muslim women in Egypt who opt to don the hijab , which their mothers did not .
Indeed , many Muslim women the world over are turning to hijab ; however , those who do n’t also constitute an important part of contemporary Islam .
By relegating the hijab as a symbol of this revolution , and therefore a requirement to belong to this “ revolution ” , Time alienates a number of Muslim women who are deeply committed to the religion .
After discussing everything from Obama to text messaging the Qur’an , the article concludes
The soft revolution ’s combination of conservative symbols , like Islamic dress , with contemporary practices , like blogging , may confuse outsiders .
But there are few social movements in the world today that are more important to understand .
She feels that Islamic dress is a conservative symbol , overlooking Muslim women who wear the headscarf and are by no means conservative ( again , no clear definition of such a term ) , but fails to mention that not all Muslims aiming for the goal of balancing modernity with religion wear the “ Islamic dress ” , but are still very much , if not more , part of the evolving face of Islam .
All in all , I am glad that the author thinks Islam , in relation to modern - but - committed Muslims ( of which I consider myself one ) is a very crucial movement to comprehend .
As an outsider , she managed to grapple with the complex strata of some Muslim societies , give or take the condescending tone and a few misrepresentations .
ROBOT DINOSAURS
A high action side - scrolling shooter that can be beaten is just a couple of minutes - full title - " Robot Dinosaurs that Shoot Beams When They Roar " .
Blast your way past the enemy and prepare for a big boss fight .
Instructions
Use the mouse to move and shoot laser beams .
Make sure you have enough dino - power to ROAR with full power !
71
ROBOT DINOSAURS WALKTHROUGH VIDEO
Robot Dinosaurs is an online shooting game developed by Tom Brien , and has been played 774066 times on Bubblebox.com . % of people have voted thumbs up
On the surface , I should like her .
Sarah Palin is 44 , precisely my age .
We were born three months apart .
And like me , she ’s a mom and works full - time .
We should hang out , clink our highball glasses , and salute the kind of kismet that competent women often need to create real achievement .
Except , in her case , the kismet catapulted her to the national stage and into history .
In my case , it occasionally lands me a first - class upgrade .
Sarah and I could talk about stuff that professional Moms our age talk about :
The rush of being in charge ; the need to wear seriously rimmed glasses , even if your eyes do n’t require it ; and techniques for gagging and hogtying that persistent little voice in the back of our heads that suggests our ambition comes at the obvious expense of our kids .
But for some reason , I ca n’t warm up to her .
And last Thursday , when she stood on stage in St. Louis and faced off against Joe Biden in the vice - presidential debate , I studied her face on the small screen and understood why .
I know Sarah Palin .
I went to school with her .
And then , with a small shock of recognition , I saw who she was … and realized : I hated her in junior high .
In school , her name was Pam .
When I met her , we were 7th graders .
She had feathered brown hair that bounced around her shoulders as she walked down the hall , surveying her domain , left to right , like the felted nodding - dog dashboard ornament my grandfather had in his car .
Her eyes were hooded with a shade of azure eyeshadow , and her full lips could reveal her horsey teeth in a sweet smile or condescending sneer with equal ease .
Sometimes , her mouth seemed to hold both expressions at once .
I thought Pam had real talent , and I practiced her expressions at home before my bedroom mirror .
We had Study Hall in the auditorium together , which allowed me to study technique from afar .
We had assigned seats in the auditorium , and prescribed rules about talking , and facing forward , and chewing gum .
All during 7th grade , Pam flouted the rules , changed seats , chewed gum , sat in the back between two boys , whispering and cocking her head close to them with an intimacy I found exciting .
When one of the teachers would call her on any of it , she ’d fix them with a certain look , widen her eyes , and conjure up that sweet , apologetic , toothy smile .
And , somehow , she always got away with it .
She had everyone fooled –the teachers , administrators , the janitors who scraped her gum off of the bottom of the folding seats–and it was astonishing .
Like them , I was transfixed , in total awe and wonder at her celebrity .
One time , though , she caught me studying her in my absentminded way , and she stared back at me pointedly , narrowing her eyes and raising her clenched fist to her chin , vibrating it in my direction , as if to warn me about getting too close .
It took me a few days to peek in her direction again .
That winter , I had a brand new yellow ski parka .
The color of a ripe banana , it was hip - length , with a cool belt that fastened snugly at the waist with a brass T - buckle .
Unlike most of my clothes–which either came from an older girl who lived in my neighborhood or from a discount store with cheap brands –the coat was new and it was fashionable .
In school , it became my anti-anxiety parka : I wore it constantly as a sort of armor as I walked from class to class , sweating through my day .
The only time I took it off , in fact , was when I walked into the auditorium .
Miss Dolan , an exacting English teacher who demanded that both the rules of school and the rules of conjugating Latin verbs be followed with the same precision , despised it when kids wore hats or jackets in school .
It was n’t worth protesting , even if I had a voice that spoke above a whisper .
It was best just to peel off the offending clothing and park it where she pointed , on one of the last two rows as we entered the auditorium .
We could collect them an hour later , on the way out .
One day , I walked into study hall and noticed with a quick rush of pleasure and embarrassment that Pam had the same yellow jacket I did .
Since my strategy at that point of my life was to attract as little attention as possible , sharing a wardrobe with a popular girl was n’t a good way to fly below the radar , I thought .
But then I reconsidered : in a way I could n’t quite pinpoint , it was validating .
A few weeks later , I noticed that Pam ’s coat had a huge blue stain on it , as if a pen had leaked in her pocket .
And a few days later , when the bell rang in study hall and we filed as usual along the narrow aisles to the door , I paused to collect my coat .
But it was n’t in the usual spot where I ’d left it .
I cast around , confused that it was n’t there , a panic beginning to bubble in my gut .
“ C’mon , ” my friend Denise said , tugging at my arm .
And when I did n’t budge , it was Denise who flagged down Miss Dolan and explained what had happened : I could n’t find my coat , which I always folded in half and placed exactly on the same seat .
Miss Dolan set her iron blue eyes on me , “ Is that right ? ” she sniffed , with a slight suspicion .
I nodded mutely , and pointed at the backside of the yellow coat in the front of the line : Pam .
Miss Dolan shouted above our heads .
“ Pam ! ” she barked .
“ Are you sure that ’s your jacket ? ”
Pam turned to Miss Dolan and there it was : the sweetest , most dazzling smile you ’ll ever see .
All her teeth were bared , but she did n’t seem threatening .
Instead , she seemed so heartbreakingly cute and friendly , really , that I felt a flicker of something inside , and I tapped at Miss Dolan .
“ It ’s okay … ” I started to whisper .
I do n’t think she heard me , though , because at that moment Pam piped up loudly .
“ Oh , this is mine , ” she assured our teacher , nodding .
“ We have the same one . ”
Then she pointed at a spot behind me , “ That must be hers . ”
Miss Dolan stooped to retrieve an identical yellow parka from the floor .
As she held it up I could see the indigo stain on the right pocket .
She shoved it toward me , depositing it into my arms , and waved us through the doors .
“ All right ?
All right , ” she pronounced , in the manner of someone who was used to seeing issues without nuance , in black and white , good and bad , right and wrong .
“ Out you go . ”
I did n’t mind , really .
All I could think was , She noticed we had the same coat .
It would be a while before I ’d see it otherwise .
In The Nation last week , Linda Hirshman called Sarah Palin a “ Mean Girl , ” the kind of girl Rosalind Wiseman terms a “ Queen Bee ” in her chilling 2002 book about tweenagers , Queen Bees & Wannabees .
Like the name suggests , the Queen Bee is the royalty of the middle school , a larger - than - life figure who ( unlike an actual queen bee ) packs a barbed stinger , and wields it at will .
I picked Hirshman ’s story out of one of the 358,000 results you get if you Google “ Sarah Palin Mean Girl . ”
Hirshman likened Sarah ’s shenanigans onstage at the Vice - Presidential debate to a kind of staged performance art piece of The Rules , Ellen Fein ’s and Sherry Schneider ’s controversial 1995 book that , as Hirshman put it , had upended 30 years of feminist teaching .
“ Forget all that equality and intelligence stuff , ‘ The Rules ’ advised .
Who wants to be Hillary Clinton ?
Men are simple , attracted to sexual symbols and bright , shiny objects .
If you want them , they argued , you must sport long hair and wear sexy , attention - getting clothes , ” Hirshman writes .
She points out that the suit Palin wore for the debate with Joe Biden was “ some amazingly iridescent material , and she sported an eye - popping sparkly rhinestone flag pin .
The governor as the It Girl of the ’90s singles scene . ”
It was n’t just her clothes , of course .
But her flirty demeanor , her “ hey there , Sailor ! ” wink , as Richard Cohen says , and “ all those doggones , references to her working - class status ( net worth in excess of $ 2 million ) , promiscuous use of the word ‘ maverick , ’ repeated mentions of ‘ greed and corruption on Wall Street ’ … and , of course , that manic good cheer . ”
As Amy Poehler said during a recent Saturday ’s “ Saturday Night Live ” sketch , looking over at Tina Fey ’s Sarah Palin , “ When cornered , you have a tendency to become adorable . ”
Adorable , I thought , as I leaned into the screen , scrutinizing her .
She was dazzling .
Heartbreakingly cute .
And friendly .
I had n’t thought about Pam in a long time .
But , suddenly , there she was .
Between the relentless smiles , and widened eyes , the winks , I recognized both the Mean Girl and the old familiar sense of being played .
I felt the lack of anything close to sincerity , or the truth .
And then I recognized her : playing to her spectators to get what she wants , at whatever the cost .
As Hirshman wrote , the real problem is that how a Mean Girl acts “ does not have to reflect what she really believes–or even what she knows . ”
It only has to be effective with the target audience –of 7th grade boys , or junior high Latin teachers , or voters .
I know Sarah Palin because I went to school with her .
And , in fact , most women did .
Then , the Queen Bees or Mean Girls were just that .
Now , they ’re really scary .
This post previously appeared in the Huffington Post .
Owning an island is the ultimate status symbol ; apart from that , these private island kingdoms also afford privacy , peace and tranquility to celebrities who are always in the public eye .
Private islands have become the new craze and every celebrity
worth their salt wants to own one !
Gwyneth Paltrow wanted to experience a secluded life on an island and spent three days on an uninhabited Caribbean island .
Taking with her only three oranges , a sack of rice , mosquito net , aspirin , camera , notebook and some utensils , she later revealed that she now understands why people who get stuck on a Caribbean island never want to return .
BREAKING NEWS : Celine Dion has put her private island up for sale
Asking Price $ 29 Million ~ Sotheby ’s Quebec
Celine Dion – Île Gagnon , Quebec
This one is nothing like other expensive tropical celebrity islands .
This is a little island located in Celine Dion ’s home province of Quebec .
It is unpretentious , in spite of her being one of the highest paid female performers in history .
Located in the Mille Île ’s River , her huge 183,000 sq. ft. French - style chateau is a famous tourist attraction even though people can only get as close as a boat can take them to this heavily fenced mansion .
For details on the sale and photographs of the interior of her mansion see Celine Dion ’s Private Island Mansion Hits the Market for $ 29 Million
Sir Richard Branson – Necker and Moskito Islands , Caribbean Sea ; Makepeace Island , Noosa River ; Island of England , Dubai
Talking of private islands , there is no doubt that Richard Branson is the king .
Necker and Mosquito in the Caribbean Sea belong to Virgin Atlantic owner Richard Branson , the most flamboyant business mogul in Britain .
Both have been transformed into resorts of luxury and indulgence .
Necker Island is a 74 - acre private paradise nestling in its incredible turquoise waters , with coral reefs and pristine white beaches .
The entire island is often rented by the privileged few .
The 120 - acre Caribbean island , Moskito , is a more recent purchase and is just a mile and a half away from Necker .
Plans to bring non-native Lemurs to the island caused a controversy in 2011 .
It cost $ 10 million and they already have buyers for the 7 - 8 luxury homes planned .
For the staff of Virgin , Branson bought Makepeace Island which lies off Australia ’s Queensland coast and the Island of England located in Dubai ’s man -made world .
You can check out their specials and spend your own vacation on Makepeace Island .
Johnny Depp – Little Halls Pond Cay , Bahamas
This Pirate of the Caribbean fell in love with the Bahamas during the filming of “ Pirates of the Caribbean ” and went ahead and bought his own real - life Caribbean paradise getaway for his family in the Bahamas – Little Hall ’s Pond Cay .
This 45 - acre , one mile long isle is a private island and is part of the Exuma archipelago to the south of Bahamas .
It cost him $ 3.6 million and boasts of the world ’s most beautiful reefs , a private harbor , a palm - fringed lagoon , and six pristine white sand beaches .
It is accessible only by a boat , helicopter or seaplane .
Recent news that made headlines was that his island will be run on eco-friendly solar power .
Mel Gibson – Mago Island , Fiji
Australian natives find the tropical islands of Fiji a perfect vacation spot .
Mel Gibson , himself an Australian , joined the list of Fijian island owners when he purchased Mago Island in 2005 for about $ 15 million .
At 5,400 acres and one of the largest private owned islands in the South Pacific .
This island is almost completely secluded and uninhabited and the actor left it in its pristine state except for building a modest residence for his personal use .
David Copperfield – Musha Cay , Bahamas
Magician David Copperfield owns four islands in southern Bahamas valued at $ 50 million .
While the 150 - acre Musha Cay is where he has his most private resort , the three other islands are used as buffers to ensure maximum privacy .
He rents out this island for $ 325,000 per week and celebrities such as John Travolta and Oprah Winfrey have stayed there .
He calls the waters of his island the “ fountain of youth , ” where he says he has discovered that dead leaves or insects near death come alive .
In spite of these claims being met with disbelief , the island is said to be out of this world with breathtaking beauty .
Musha
Cay can be rented for $ 37,500 per day for up to 12 people if you have enough patience to wait for their site to load .
All meals and beverages are included .
With a four day minimum they can afford it .
Aristotle Onassis – Skorpios Island , Greece
Athina Onassis , the granddaughter and sole heir to the Greek shipping magnate Aristotle Onassis fortune , owns the beautiful Greek Isle of Skorpios .
Aristotle and his wife Jackie - O had their wedding on this island in the Lonian Sea .
They set the trend for private islands back in the 1960s .
Aristotle and his children are buried on this island .
Valued at more than $ 200 million , this most - famous island is not yet for sale , but if it is ever on the market , bidders will have to compete with Madonna and Bill Gates who are rumored to be interested .
Leonardo DiCaprio – Blackadore Cay , Belize
Eco advocate Leonardo DiCaprio purchased this sprawling 104 - acre , 202 mile long Belizean island in 2005 for $ 1.75 million .
This beautiful island with white sand beaches , coconut trees , and rocky outcrops is located near the famous Barrier Reef .
It is said that there is no other island in Belize that has the length to install an airstrip .
Leonardo plans to turn his island into a small eco-friendly resort and has teamed up with a hotel resort chain , Four Seasons .
Shakira – Bonds Cay , Bahamas
Nothing less than the sprawling 700 acre island called Bonds Cay satisfies Shakira .
This huge island cost $ 16 million and is under the combined ownership of Shakira , Roger Waters of Pink Floyd , and Spanish pop star Alejandro Sanz .
They have plans to create a hub for art and culture in the form of an artists ’ retreat with a newcomers gallery and resident artists .
Nicholas Cage – Leaf Cay , Bahamas
It was in the year 2006 that Nicholas Cage purchased this Bahamian island for $ 3 million .
He already owned a luxurious home on Paradise Island .
Leaf Cay is part of the Exuma chain of islands and is located near his close friend Johnny Depp ’s private island as well as near an island that is owned by singers Faith Hill and Tim McGraw .
With tropical palms , long sandy beaches and a freshwater pond , this 40 - acres is nothing less than a paradise .
Rumors are ripe that he is planning on selling it for $ 7 million and Leaf Cay is currently listed for sale .
Eddie Murphy – Rooster Cay , Bahamas
Eddie Murphy is one of the highest paid actors , so it is only natural that he owns an unspoiled paradise , Rooster Cay , which is also known as Long Cay .
He bought this little isle in 2007 for $ 15 million and it is just a few minutes away from Nassau .
Speculation is rife as to whether the actor is going to turn this island into a business like many other celebrity island owners or keep it as his private retreat and a love nest for himself and his wife .
The list of celebrities who own private islands is huge .
Malcolm Forbes of Forbes Magazine recently sold his 4.71 sq. miles Laucala island to the owner of Red Bull , Dietrich Mateschitz .
Then there are others like Brad Pitt and Angeline Jolie who bought an island in “ The World , ” Dubai ( a man - made island ) .
Tony Curtis , Claudia Schieffer , Faith Hill , Robin Williams , Gene Hackman , Steven Spielberg are just a few in the long list of private island owners .
Madonna and Richard Gere are said to be on the market looking for Greek islands .
What drives celebrities to buy these islands ?
Robin Leach of “ Lifestyles of the Rich & Famous has his own unique theory .
He feels that since we are surrounded by water during our first nine months , we crave this security throughout our lives and islands provide us that .
None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be used by any State or local government , or any private entity , for any casino or other gambling establishment , aquarium , zoo , golf course , or swimming pool .
– American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 ( or , The Stimulus Bill )
When the oldest zoo in America was planning its 150th anniversary , it probably never thought Congress would compare it to a casino just weeks before the celebration .
Such was the case for the Philadelphia Zoo , which marked its sesquicentennial this past weekend .
The issue is n’t access to the stimulus funds ( though that could n’t hurt ) , but more the implication that , like swimming , golfing , and gambling , zoogoing is nice but not necessary .
So maybe it ’s appropriate that the zoo ’s party was thematically more about looking to its past than to its future .
Chartered in 1859 ( but , because of delays due to the Civil War , not opened until 1874 ) , the institution celebrated its birthday with actors dressed in Victorian costumes , brass bands , and a guy riding the grounds on a penny - farthing bike — the kind with the giant wheel in the front .
Enjoying such a pleasant , early - spring afternoon at the zoo , one would likely be unaware of the precarious state in which the country ’s zoo find themselves today .
Last week , the New York Times reported that many zoos — including those in New York , Chicago , St. Louis , and Baltimore — are cutting staff , programs , and operating hours , and in some cases are even relocating animals , in efforts to lower costs as both endowments and government support fall in the wake of the current economic crisis .
The Governor of New York has announced plans to cut all state funding for zoos , aquariums , and botanical gardens in the 2010 fiscal budget .
The Wildlife Conservation Society — which runs the Bronx , Central Park , Queens , and Prospect Park zoos , along with the New York Aquarium — responded by reaching out to the public through a series of videos in which a porcupine is first “ fired ” by the director of the Bronx Zoo , and then looks for work ( unsuccessfully ) at an unemployment office .
The Philadelphia Zoo is a private non-profit , but its home city has said it will no longer waive the institution ’s water bill , most recently pegged at $ 2.8 million .
Given the reach of the current recession , it ’s perhaps to be expected that zoos and aquariums will see cuts in public financial support .
What is surprising , however , is the depth of those cuts and , more important , the extent to which support of such institutions has come to be seen as frivolous .
This was perhaps most acute in the recent debate over how , exactly , we should spend hundreds of billions of dollars in federal stimulus funds .
One proposal included $ 4.8 million for renovations to the polar bear exhibit at the Roger Williams Park Zoo in Providence , Rhode Island .
When word of the proposal got out , the guano hit the fan .
Critics of the bailout quickly adopted the polar bear exhibit as the symbol of wasteful spending and zoos , casinos , and pools were subsequently ( and explicitly ) cut out of the stimulus bill .
But zoos have had to fight even before the current downtown became obvious in the fall .
Last spring , in debates over a $ 1 billion bond that included funding for a gorilla exhibit at St. Paul ’s Como Park Zoo , Minnesota State ’s House Minority Leader Marty Seifert told members of that body , “ You can pick the school kids of Minnesota or you can pick the gorillas . ”
As reported by Minnesota Public Radio , Seifert continued :
What kind of house could you build for $ 500 thousand ?
A pretty darn nice one .
Hot tubs , bedrooms , brass , granite , garages .
The whole nine yards .
Now I want you think what we ’re doing for the gorillas for a moment .
Eleven million taxpayer hard - earned dollars .
One guesses that Seifert ’s beef was n’t over the value of , say , gorilla conservation versus that of free school lunches , but rather the fact that gorillas would have what he assumed were the animal equivalent of hot tubs , brass , and granite , when most of his constituents did n’t even have the real things .
Such sentiments reflect a shift in the perceived value of zoos since their development in America in the late 19th century .
Inspired by both the animal collections built from royal menageries in Paris and London , as well as by those created by scientific societies throughout Germany , the builders of this country ’s first zoos envisioned their institutions as loci of nature , recreation , and education — an amalgam very popular at the time .
Zoos were deliberately situated between the city , teeming with the detrimental effects of urbanization and industrialization , and the unknown wilderness beyond .
Like libraries , museums , and orchestras , they became symbols of civic pride .
But set often on the pastoral land of a city ’s fringe , a visit to the zoo was also a welcome opportunity to get out - of - doors .
As both a respected cultural institution and a form of park , zoos offered visitors an unparalleled opportunity to be both enlightened and entertained .
A lot of people wonder how much the current economic downtown resembles that of the Great Depression .
One big difference comes in the support of zoos .
In the ’30s , the institutions received significant support from Roosevelt ’s Works Projects Administration .
Artists created advertisements encouraging the public to visit zoos , and new buildings and exhibits sprung up in zoos across the country .
St. Paul ’s Como Park Zoo , for example , came out of the Depression with a bear grotto , monkey island , barn , and main building , thanks to the WPA .
New York ’s funding remained intact during that time , as well : According to the Wildlife Conservation Society , the state has supported the institution every year since 1895 .
What ’s changed ?
For starters , the zoos have .
In the last half of the 20th century , most added conservation to education and entertainment on their lists of priorities .
Long gone are the days when simply seeing a living tiger counted as an enlightening experience in and of itself .
Today , that experience comes packaged with placards , interactive games , docents , videos , and any other number of museum conventions that extol the value of not only appreciating the animal before you , but of acting to save its wild counterparts by choosing products that do n’t contribute to habitat degradation , for example , or buying a membership to support the zoo ’s breeding programs and field work .
Zoos are happy to put forth this image of a kind of Noah ’s Ark for the future , and the public accepts it .
But the notion — often used to defend zoos from their critics — may also be why state and municipal support is falling .
Such local financial support of zoos is discordant with the more global nature of the institutions ’ loftiest goals .
Consider the Philadelphia Zoo .
Its conservation efforts include work on the diamondback terrapin of the region ’s salt marshes , but also on Mexican jaguars , Central American river turtles , African cheetahs , South American river otters , and Asian snow leopards .
When you ’re the mayor of Philadelphia or governor of New York or Minnesota House minority leader , and you ’re trying to keep libraries open and children insured and state troopers paid , the preservation of , say , South African ’s Humboldt penguin can seem a little less pressing .
As far as the zoo ’s other purposes — entertainment and education — well , the first is a no - brainer for financial paring , and the second has already been pruned through the elimination of after - school programs and cuts to state college budgets , among others .
In this way , the multiple purposes of zoos — a trifecta once highly valued — have today made the institutions a target on government balance sheets .
And yet , to say that the zoo is a jack - of - all - trades is not to say it ’s a master of nothing .
The experience of visiting a zoo is a very particular one .
This seems obvious , but I ’m not speaking here of the simple act of seeing an animal that one would only otherwise see in Africa or Asia — though still fascinating , our wonder cannot compete with that of visitors from a time before animal wranglers started showing up on late - night talk shows and zoos started bringing their animals to elementary schools in vans .
On the surface , a day at the zoo can appear fairly routine .
At the Philadelphia Zoo on its birthday , kids ran their fingers over an empty tortoise shell that a volunteer held by that animals ’ exhibit , and laid on the floor of the Bank of America Big Cat Falls ’ theater to watch a film montage of tigers , lions , and cheetahs .
Parents pushed strollers and bought Dippin ’ Dots .
I sat on the edge of Bird Lake and watched children in a paddle boat shaped like a swan try to hit Canada geese while an employee on the dock yelled , “ Ride ’s over ! ”
But there were also multiple opportunities for contemplation of biology — a fact whose spirit would have pleased the zoo ’s founders , if not its form .
At an exhibit of two hornbills , for example , one of the birds hopped to the fence whenever a visitor came to it .
It walked back and forth along the fence with a toy in its long , black beak : a cartoon cat with a stressed - out expression on its face .
In the petting zoo , I saw a squirrel ( one of the only truly wild animals at a zoo ) eat almost an entire ice cream cone that someone had dropped .
A few dozen peacocks invaded the dusty mountain of the prairie dog enclosure ; three of the mammals sat at the end of clear plastic box placed out on the mound , eating peanuts while one of the birds poked its head in to eat some , too .
These two species were not set up through evolution or parental teaching to interact with one another , and yet here they were , sharing nuts .
I do n’t know if this is a good or bad thing , and I know it ’s not the kind of animal encounter the zoo expects one to have , but I think these are some of the more intriguing entrances into both private and shared conversations about the natural world and our place in it .
That , I believe , is a good thing — maybe not enough of one to convince a mayor or a governor or a senator to increase funding for zoos , but one that keeps them relevant nevertheless .
• 27 March 2009
What do they plan on fighting with , peaches ?
Mind you , this comes on yesterday ’s threat by the GOP governor of Texas to secede as well .
Of course , what ’s really going on here is that Republicans are intentionally fanning the flames of violence because they ’ve been out of power for a grand total of 100 days .
They began pushing their followers towards violence during the presidential campaign , and have actually increased the inflammatory language over the past few months .
Culminating , today , with a call for the Department of Homeland Security and the Federal Bureau of Investigation to no longer investigate known domestic terror threats .
The Republican party has a serious problem with extremists , not just in its midst , but among its leadership and its key allies in the faux media ( FOX News ) and its grassroots ( Limbaugh , the blogs , and the religious right ) .
The GOP is quite literally pushing their most extreme followers to violence .
And now that they ’re calling on the government to ignore known terrorist threats , it ’s only a matter of time before something violent happens , and then the Republican party will find itself out of power permanently .
" But sometimes it does n't make sense to put a van out in busy traffic as the deliveries take a lot longer , as well as the impact on the environment .
Waheed Ali , Sadeer Saleem and Mohammed Shakil denied the charge
Three men have been cleared of helping to plan the 7/7 London suicide attacks .
A retrial jury at Kingston Crown Court found them not guilty of conspiring with the 2005 bombers by organising a reconnaissance mission to London .
Waheed Ali , 25 , Sadeer Saleem , 28 , and Mohammed Shakil , 32 , all from Leeds , admitted knowing the bombers - but denied helping them .
Ali and Shakil were found guilty of a second charge of plotting to attend a terrorism training camp in Pakistan .
The men were originally tried in 2008 , but the first jury failed to reach verdicts against them .
Those now found guilty will be sentenced on Wednesday .
The three men are the only people to face any charges in relation to the 7/7 London bombings .
7/7 Investigation in numbers 90,000 phone calls examined 4,700 phone numbers probed 13,000 exhibits 7,000 forensically examined 18,450 statements taken 19,400 documents created
In Pictures : 7/7 investigation During the three - month retrial , the jury heard that the trio , all close friends of the bombers , had been key members of a tight circle around ringleader Mohammad Sidique Khan .
All three , the jury was told , shared a violent jihadist ideology .
Prosecutors in both trials had claimed that the men's movements in London mirrored a scouting trip by the bombers and included sites ultimately attacked .
Neil Flewitt QC had told the trial that the case centred on circumstantial evidence which , he argued , created a compelling picture of guilt .
But the trio maintained throughout the trial - and during tense evidence from the witness box - that they ideologically opposed suicide bombings and had been shocked by the attacks .
Counsel for the men told the jury there was no evidence linking them to the bombings and that they were being tried for guilt by association .
Mr Flewitt said a December 2004 trip to London lay at the heart of the case because the three men , accompanied by two of the eventual suicide attackers , had used it to visit a number of possible targets .
' Witch - hunt '
The prosecution said the group 's movements bore a " striking similarity " to the final targets .
But the men told the jury that the trip had been organised because Waheed Ali was planning to leave the country for militant training in Pakistan .
He and Sadeer Saleem were going to join the future bombers Mohammed Sidique Khan and Shehzad Tanweer , who had already left .
He wanted to say goodbye to his sister , who lived in the capital .
The others , the court heard , had simply gone along for the ride .
Ali and the other two defendants had attacked the trials as a witch - hunt , motivated by a determination to see someone pay for the murders .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The three men acquitted were arrested in 2007 amid the largest criminal investigation yet in the UK .
But the 2008 trial reached a stalemate after almost three weeks of deliberations by the first jury .
After Sadeer Saleem 's release by the court , his solicitor , Imran Khan , read out a statement on his behalf , in which Mr Saleem supported calls by families of the bombing victims for a public inquiry .
We are not looking for people to blame , but we also know that we have not been told the whole truth
Graham Foulkes , father of bombing victim
Reaction to the verdict " I must make it absolutely clear that I had nothing whatsoever to do with the dreadful attacks on 7 July 2005 , which I have always condemned , " he said .
Home Secretary Jacqui Smith said she welcomed the two guilty verdicts .
" It clearly demonstrates the determined stance the UK takes against those suspected of involvement in terrorism , " she said .
Graham Foulkes , whose 22 - year - old son David was killed in the Edgware Road Tube explosion , has called for a public inquiry into the bombings .
He said : " For almost four years we have been asking for an inquiry into what led up to 7/ 7 .
" We are not looking for people to blame , but we also know that we have not been told the whole truth .
" We believe that crucial lessons need to be learned .
If mistakes have been made , they should be put right , not covered up .
This is not a witch - hunt , it is simply about saving lives . "
Community fears
Tens of thousands of police hours have been spent on the four - year investigation - and detectives maintain there are people in the Leeds area who know more that could help them .
The defendants accused the police and media of creating a climate of fear in the Beeston area of Leeds , where they live .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
West Yorkshire Police assistant chief constable John Parkinson said " intensive scrutiny " from police , public and media had put pressure on the residents of Beeston , and also Dewsbury , where some of the 7/7 bombers lived .
He added : " Local people were very supportive of the investigation , both immediately after the event and in the many months that followed .
" The attacks on 7/7 have shown us that we all need to work together if we are to effectively respond to the threat of terrorism . "
Deputy assistant commissioner John McDowall , head of the Metropolitan Police Counter Terrorism Command , called for anyone with information about the attacks to come forward .
" While those directly responsible for the bombings died in the attacks , we remain convinced that others must have been involved in the planning , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Einstein@Home program uses idle time on computers to search for pulsars in tight orbits around other neutron stars or black holes .
These pairs of objects are ideal laboratories for testing the predictions of general relativity ( Illustration : Daniel Cantin / DarwinDimensions / McGill University )
The idle time of hundreds of thousands of computers will be put to work to look for pulsars orbiting black holes or other neutron stars .
The search , part of a distributed computing program called Einstein@Home , could turn up extreme pairs of astrophysical objects that could put general relativity to the most stringent tests yet .
Modelled after SETI@Home , which searches for signals from intelligent extraterrestrial civilisations , Einstein@Home harnesses the idle time on the computers of some 200,000 volunteers to hunt for evidence of gravitational waves .
These ripples in the fabric of space - time are thought to be emitted by dense , moving objects such as spinning neutron stars or colliding black holes according to Einstein ’s general theory of relativity .
But so far no gravitational waves have ever been observed .
Einstein@Home searches for their signals in data from the Laser Interferometer Gravitational wave Observatory ( LIGO ) and the British - German GEO - 600 gravitational wave observatory .
Now , the software has been expanded to comb data from the Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico to look for star systems that boast at least one pulsar – a spinning neutron star that shines bright beams of light from its poles .
Advertisement
Close - knit pairs
Pulsars tend to orbit any partners they have at close distances , where strong gravitational fields are at work .
That makes them ideal laboratories to test a number of predictions of general relativity and potentially reveal deviations from the long - held theory .
So far , just nine pulsars have been found orbiting other neutron stars .
The closest such pair , in which the objects orbit each other every 2.4 hours , was used in 2008 to measure how much a star ’s spin axis wobbles as a result of the gravitational warping of space .
The observation , made over a period of four years , agreed with the prediction of general relativity to within 13 % .
Finding pulsars in even tighter embraces would allow astrophysicists to test the theory with greater precision .
“ The more compact the binary the better , ” says Jim Cordes of Cornell University in Ithaca , New York , a member of a collaboration that has been searching Arecibo data for such pairs .
Best fit
To search for the extreme binaries , Einstein@Home will use a program to examine the lighthouse - like signals of pulsars , whose light beams periodically sweep across the Earth .
If the pulsar is orbiting another star , the wavelengths of its light will be subtly compressed and stretched as it approaches and recedes along our line of sight .
By comparing Arecibo ’s data with a host of simulated neutron star scenarios , computers can find the best fit and determine whether the pulsar has a companion .
So far , Cordes and his colleagues have had no luck finding such pairs with orbital periods shorter than 2.4 hours .
But the team ’s computing power has been limited to discovering pulsars that take 50 minutes or more to orbit their companion .
Increasing the computing time with Einstein@Home would allow more comparisons to be made between the data and the simulations to find the best fit .
This could reveal pulsars that dance around their partners with periods of 11 minutes or perhaps less .
Event horizon
The search could also reveal even more exotic pairings , like a pulsar in orbit around a black hole .
“ That would be a tremendous discovery because we do n’t know of any of those yet , ” Cordes told New Scientist .
“ Then we can use the pulsar to study space - time around the black hole , and if the geometry is right , we might even be able to say something about the event horizon , ” a boundary beyond which no matter or light can escape from the black hole .
Although Einstein@Home was set up to find evidence of gravitational waves , the pulsars it finds will not be detectable by existing gravitational wave experiments , says project leader Bruce Allen of the Albert Einstein Institute in Hannover , Germany .
Present - day detectors are designed to pick up more dramatic ripples in space - time , such as those released when two neutron stars merge .
Uncertain funding
But Allen says the neutron star binaries found by Einstein@Home could be detectable by the proposed European - US space mission LISA , which is expected to detect the effects of tens of thousands of binary systems .
“ Any systems we find in this way would probably become a calibration source for LISA , ” Allen says .
In the meantime , Cordes hopes bringing volunteers into the search will raise visibility for Arecibo , which faces an uncertain future .
The US National Science Foundation ( NSF ) is set to open up a competition to find an organisation to manage the telescope for another five years , beginning in 2010 .
But it is unclear how much funding the agency will offer to run the facility .
“ I think the wild card in all this is how much money NSF is going to offer , ” Cordes says .
“ The fear is that they would n’t put in all that ’s needed , so that whoever does manage it would have to come up with [ the rest ] , ” a prospect that could hamstring the telescope in uncertain economic times .
Authored by : perpetualLurker on Wednesday , April 01 2009 @ 04:13 PM EDT
Corrections in the title , Please !
...... pL........
---
" Clothes make the man .
Naked people have little or no influence on society . " --
Mark Twain
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : perpetualLurker on Wednesday , April 01 2009 @ 04:14 PM EDT
Let 's try this again , with Feeling ... and my ID ....
........ pL........
---
" Clothes make the man .
Naked people have little or no influence on society . " --
Mark Twain
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : perpetualLurker on Wednesday , April 01 2009 @ 04:15 PM EDT
Thank you !
........ pL..........
---
" Clothes make the man .
Naked people have little or no influence on society . " --
Mark Twain
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , April 01 2009 @ 04:35 PM EDT
I can't comment on the kernel license , but I think you make an incorrect statement when you say
If they had upgraded the kernel to GPLv3 , that would have been the end of this kind of Microsoft nonsense .
The reason is : I do n't know ( and honestly I doubt ) that TomTom has a kernel sufficiently recent to have an eventual GPLv3 license : they probably use a kernel version that is older than the GPLv3 .
If I 'm wrong please hit me on the head ( preferably hard ) .
Loïc [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , April 01 2009 @ 04:37 PM EDT
Seriously , did anyone really believe that M$ had changed
their ways ?
All that talk has been PR , plain and simple .
Honorable people and organizations do n't need PR .
Their
actions speak for them .
;-)
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , April 01 2009 @ 05:14 PM EDT
I sent this idea to SFLC , but I 'll post it here , too .
If the agreement between
Microsoft and TomTom allows TomTom to meet its obligations under GPL v2 , then at
least one of the following must be true : there is no code that infringes any of
the named patents that are valid , or , Microsoft has granted TomTom a license to
distribute infringing code without restriction , as required by GPLv2 .
In either
case the effect is the same : there is nothing preventing the code from remaining
in the Linux kernel .
I am not a lawyer , so it is likely I 'm missing something .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , April 01 2009 @ 05:53 PM EDT
Unfortunately a lot of devices , with which Linux systems want to interoperate ,
use FAT .
FAT is everywhere , on every memory stick and thumb drive .
Every
camera , every cellphone , every MP3 player , they all use FAT .
So every system
that wants to share data with those devices has to talk FAT .
I think .
Is there
any way around this ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : gard on Wednesday , April 01 2009 @ 06:12 PM EDT
Hi ,
I understand why the complete kernel can't go GPLv3 until all contributors
consent or GPL v2 parts are rewritten and released under v3 .
But why should the
entire kernel be under a single license ?
So long as the maintainers would agree
to accept GPLv3 code , the v3 license itself does not preclude co-existence with
v2 code ; or , does it ?
A mixed GPL v2 , v3 kernel will have to be released by
acknowledging that parts are under one license and parts under the other .
But
distro - vendors can not sign patent agreements of the Novell kind without losing
their rights to release the GPLv3 parts of the kernel or cover all parts of the
kernel under their agreement .
I am sure I am missing something very obvious
here .
What is it ?
gard [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : ghopper on Wednesday , April 01 2009 @ 06:39 PM EDT
FAT is trivial to replace in these embedded devices .
However , the problem comes
when you want to connect your device to your computer that runs Windows .
Windows does not support very many file systems ( FAT and NTFS are the only ones
that come to mind ) .
Most people do n't want to install some 3rd party device
driver to download pictures from their camera .
If the device does n't speak FAT ,
then Windows will not be able to read it .
None of the device manufacturers want
to invent a new file system that makes their product incompatible with Windows .
( How would that affect sales ? )
Even Apple folded on this one .
An iPod comes formatted with an HFS variant , but
if you want to sync with a PC , you need to reformat it with FAT .
This is n't
because Apple does n't have another file system , it 's because Microsoft refuses
to support anything other than FAT .
Instead , Apple could have written an HFS
filesystem driver for Windows , but would customers have accepted that ?
Seriously , if an embedded device manufacturer wanted to invent a file system ,
they would pick something with better wear - leveling characteristics than FAT .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , April 01 2009 @ 07:25 PM EDT
Both the novell deal and this one promises ms wont sue end users , im kinda
curious as to what realistic chance they would have against an end user that
bought a product that the end user does n't , and cannot posibly know infringes a
patent .
I know it is not very likely to happen anyway , but am still curious about the
possibilities . [ Reply to This | # ]
curious - Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , April 02 2009 @ 01:37 PM EDT
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , April 01 2009 @ 08:02 PM EDT
maybe it 's time for a preemptive suite like red had filed against SCO , force
Microsoft to defend those patents [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : mexaly on Wednesday , April 01 2009 @ 08:28 PM EDT
When do ( es ) the ( se ) FAT patent ( s ) expire ?
1990 was 19 years ago ; there were
floppy disks back then , that had FAT filesystems .
I realize FAT has evolved , and the later versions probably have later patents .
But if there is an old enough patent , or a new FAT - compatible , non-monopoly
filesystem can be created to interoperate with the FAT family , would n't that get
around Microsoft 's death - grip ?
How long before the FAT patents do n't matter anymore ?
Also , how did this issue get killed with GIF ?
It was pretty much the same
picture until the owner of the patent buckled : old , ubiquitous technology that
had so many users that the owner could n't sue them all .
---
IANAL , but I watch actors play lawyers on television .
My thanks go out to PJ and the legal experts that make Groklaw great .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , April 01 2009 @ 08:35 PM EDT
This quest needs to end .
We 've seen now how much Microsoft respects it , so Linux needs to kiss off
Microsoft , too .
If Microsoft wants to interoperate with Linux , they can do so
very easily .
After all , it is acceptable , even under GPL3 , to write proprietary
apps for Linux .
Microsoft should come to us , not the other way around .
Is n't Linux mature enough now to do without FAT , VFAT , or even NTFS ?
Is n't it
time for Linux to make the break now ?
Get it out of the Linux kernel .
Get a new
plan , Stan , and get yourself free .
Corporations can keep just enough Windows around to run their specialty apps .
I
have a feeling that the critical mass of Linux will come .
The specialty app
companies will follow .
This is because Microsoft has an uncanny ability to make enemies .
I doubt that
anyone WANTS to do business with them .
So , in this sense , I think Microsoft may
be Linux 's best recruiter -- and I might even welcome more Microsoft lawsuits ,
just for this reason .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , April 01 2009 @ 10:32 PM EDT
Is it possible to counter sue a group like the SD association for using exFAT in
the next generation format now due to the strings attached issues with
Microsoft , based on the issues over FAT .
It is just another vendor lawsuit
waiting to happen like this one .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : wvhillbilly on Thursday , April 02 2009 @ 12:27 AM EDT
I 'd say getting the FAT out would be a very good idea .
Just think - if everyone
got the FAT out of all FOSS software , and enough people would switch to Linux ,
Microsoft would find themselves shut ** OUT ** instead of their customers locked
in .
Well , a fella can dream , ca n't he ?
---
Trusted computing :
It 's not about , " Can you trust your computer ? "
It 's all about , " Can your computer trust you ? " [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , April 02 2009 @ 12:28 AM EDT
I 'm not a litigation lawyer , but is n't there a concept in litigation where
somebody who has an interest in a case can intervene ?
For example , in the Tom Tom case Microsoft has apparently provided Tom Tom with
a promise not to sue Tom Tom 's customers .
Could n't Tom Tom 's customers move to
intervene in the case and see exactly what this supposed promise consists of ,
since the promise affects THEM ?
Or could n't Linux copyright holders intervene and also seek to have their
interests protected ?
Why is it okay for Microsoft to sue and enter into
settlements with third parties like Tom Tom when the terms of the settlement
very much affect the actual Linux copyright holders ?
Should n't the people this actually affects have a say ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
Why no intervention lawsuits ?
- Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , April 02 2009 @ 09:07 AM EDT
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , April 02 2009 @ 01:29 AM EDT
I would sure love to read it , but will not .
I would have a stroke half way through .
Dennis H .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , April 02 2009 @ 04:45 AM EDT
I 'm keeping mine as GPL2 , thanks all the same .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , April 02 2009 @ 05:45 AM EDT
I 'm sorry - I 'm probably being a bit naive here .
Surely the whole ethos behind the development of the patent system is that ,
unlike copyrights , patents run out in less than 20 - 30 years .
The patent system
was developed primarily to bring technologies into the open .
A secondary
consideration ( and the carrot for companies to look to patent their innovative
ideas ) is that it gives the patent holder protection from copying or the ability
to financially exploit the patent for a LIMITED period .
I would think that , under the British system ( and presupposing it could be
patented ) any patent raised on FAT system " innovations " would have run
out by now .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , April 02 2009 @ 09:22 AM EDT
But let 's face the simple truth .
The Linux kernel guys have a role to play too .
If they had upgraded the kernel to GPLv3 , that would have been the end of this kind of Microsoft nonsense .
If the kernel had gone GPLv3 , what we would have seen is the first real test of that license against a patent attack .
That 's when we find out whether it is a worthwhile improvement to the GPL which would " end this nonsense " , or a Quixotic attempt to nail the fog of the MS / Novell agreement to a wall which would have simply forced TomTom to cave and expensively re-tool to a non-free OS .
All distributers of embedded Linux would have been watching closely .
( The interesting bit would have been when TomTom made their decision and the kernel team had to decide whether it violated the GPLv3 and , if so , what to do ...)
As it is , TomTom have had to promise to remove the FAT functionality , rather than simply pay a license fee because the GPL v2 makes it quite clear that you can't do that .
Score one for GPLv2 .
Now we see how TomTom deal with complaints from people who can't use FAT formatted cards ( from phones , cameras , media players etc. ) in their satnav .
Do they ( a ) persuade the memory card industry to switch to ext4 , ( b ) pay someone to write a proprietary binary - blob , userland FAT implementation that they can license or ( c ) use their grace period to switch to a closed - source OS .
Place your bets .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , April 02 2009 @ 09:51 AM EDT
Since the settlement might have violated the GPL , could n't someone compel the
courts to open it up to a GPL lawyer as a potentially affected party ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , April 02 2009 @ 10:01 AM EDT
Given the agreements Microsoft has signed on OOXML , and the fact that it has pretty clear terms covering possible OOXML patents , bringing in OOXML seems tinged with equal parts tinfoil hat and overreaction .
If Microsoft had brought LFN FAT through a standards body of any sort , that might have made for some comparisons .
But it did n't .
Since LFN FAT was never in a standard , companies that decided to roll the dice and not take a license for something that they knew Microsoft had a patent on deserve what they get .
It 's not like LFN FAT patent snuck up on anyone ; Ravisher was fighting about this years ago .
Moreover , it 's worth noting that the biggest patent holder in the world , IBM , does n't seem to really be worried about this .
Part of it might be that they currently cross license patents with Microsoft and are therefore protected - why should they go out of their way to help competing companies ?
It 's obvious that there are newer filesystems that are better , so go forth and promote them at every turn .
Whining about Microsoft 's decision to make money from selling / protecting products seems like a " no kidding sherlock " effort .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , April 02 2009 @ 10:38 AM EDT
" ... Mono .
Once again .
And OOXML .
Might governmental agencies wish to
particularly take note of OOXML ... "
I recently attended a Linux User Group meeting where the presenter was providing
a presentation on Mono .
He had put his slides together before Microsoft bought
the Tom Tom suit .
One of the slides brought up the Microsoft Patent risk , but Microsoft would not
likely sue for patent violations .
I interrupted the presentation to mention Tom
Tom , and he admitted that was an exception .
Whatever good will had been built up , whatever fears that had been allied by
Microsoft 's Open Source initiative , have been smashed , quashed , destroyed by
this suit .
I do n't know what legal " expert " in Microsoft decided this
would be a good thing to do , but how ever the , er , individual was that person
undid a lot of hard work on the part of some Microsoft people .
Trust Microsoft ?
HA
PJ ,
You asked why develop for the Windows platform .
The sad state of affairs is
that you have to be able to communicate with Windows system .
If we ca n't use
Fat to share with Windows , then we need a way to talk to a Linux FS from
Windows .
One or the other we are stuck with , and so , it appears we need to
develop a Windows product .
( I think one is in the work , or has been developed ,
but I 've not looked for it . )
That still does n't solve the problem Tom Tom has
of having to interface with people who are running Windows on their systems .
Any other product that has to talk to windows , also has that problem .
Just sign me , I HATE MICROSOFT !!!!!!!!!!! [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : DannyB on Thursday , April 02 2009 @ 11:04 AM EDT
Please do not use GPL3 !
says paid Microsoft shills in their plea ,
How can Microsoft steal
or sign a patent deal ?
When you license PLEASE choose BSD .
Somehow we must kill GPL .
We do n't think that it is very swell .
Hippies like it a lot !
It 's a communist plot !
We can't monitize your code to sell !
---
The price of freedom is eternal litigation .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : bjnord on Thursday , April 02 2009 @ 11:12 AM EDT
' As venture capitalist Larry Augustin wrote : " Those of us who have PhDs in
computer disciplines and have studied operating systems and file systems , do n't
see anything particularly innovative in FAT or its extension to support longer
file names , FAT32 . " ...'
Whoops ... the extension to support longer file names is VFAT .
FAT32 is a version
of FAT that supports more clusters , which was needed once larger and larger hard
drives came on the scene and exceeded what FAT could use efficiently .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : TiddlyPom on Thursday , April 02 2009 @ 11:33 AM EDT
I use Linux on a daily basis .
Red Hat Enterprise Linux and CentOS at work .
Ubuntu , Debian and variants thereof anywhere else .
I do not use ( or need to use ) ANY MICROSOFT SOFTWARE on a daily basis and certainly do not do so on my own computers .
I create documents using OpenOffice 3.x and swap them with users running Microsoft Office 2003 / 2007 without problems .
I use GIMP to modify images ( instead of Adobe PhotoShop on the PC ) and CUPS - PDF to render things to PDF ( rather than needing Acrobat Acrobat / Distiller ) .
I use Eclipse and Code : : Blocks to develop code and MySQL to hold my data and read my email using a company SquirrelMail web portal
My portable USB hard drive is formatted as EXT3 ( actually set up as 3 partitions - root , swap and home with a bootable copy of i386 Ubuntu 8.10 on it ) and / home contains a copy of EXT2IFS ( Windows file system driver for EXT2 / EXT3 ) and Explore2fs .
At this point other people can use my flash drive / USB disk under Windows if they want to .
I prefer to boot from this if possible ( as it has OpenOffice and all of my development tools on it ) rather than using Windows but in some cases I boot briefly into Linux just to transfer EXT2IFS to the NTFS volume or Explore2 fs if I cannot install any drivers on the PC ) .
Once installed I ALWAYS use EXT2 / 3 in preference to NTFS or FAT / FAT32
FAT32 is a real pain in the behind anyway as cluster sizes become huge with modern hard drives and not being able to create a single file bigger than 2GB is just plain stupid .
If you use a ' device ' then it should use an unencumbered file system .
EXT2 would work for flash disks ( which is what I use on my USB flash drives ) .
The biggest pain is things like Cameras which use FAT / FAT32 at the moment although they do not NEED long file names and hence cannot be clobbered by Microsoft .
The point I 'm trying to make is that Microsoft Software IS UNNECESSARY , their patented broken standards and bloatware is not worth paying for and the Universe will not collapse without Microsoft Software .
I have heard so many people say that they cannot survive without Microsoft software but when it comes down to it - this is just a fear of the unknown and in the vast majority of cases turns out not to be true .
They have simply been brainwashed by Microsoft .
The thing that will kill Microsoft 's stranglehold on the IT industry is to show as many people as possible that you can simply replace Microsoft software / tools with open source replacements , save lots of money , use less memory / CPU / GPU and still do the sorts of things that you are used to .
Do n't let this TomTom case fool you .
Microsoft has started to feel the the winds of change and knows that its monopoly days are numbered .
Lets help them on their way shall we :)
One last thing - if a loved one wants you to fix a broken Microsoft system - do it in a loving way but TELL THEM NO .
If you give in , you are prolonging their ADDICTION to Microsoft and as with drug addicts this is not helping them .
Suggest switching to open source applications running on Windows first then over to Linux when they are happy with that .
---
Microsoft Software is expensive , bloated , bug - ridden and unnecessary .
Use Open Source Software instead . [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , April 02 2009 @ 12:24 PM
EDT
FAT ( the original system that restricted you to " 8.3 " filenames ) is n't
patented .
The patents in question cover the encoding of long filenames that
VFAT uses , and furthermore if you read the patent claims , every single claim
requires the creation of a new file with a long name .
So a read - only implementation does not infringe , and an implementation that
refuses to create new files whose names are n't in 8.3 format does n't infringe .
Crippling Linux systems so they can no longer read cards from digital cameras ,
when this is completely unnecessary , would be a disaster .
Groklaw 's reputation will also be harmed if this article is n't corrected .
In any case , the patents are wildly overbroad , designed to cover any possible
way of encoding long file names in a system originally designed with length
limits .
If it 's upheld , next Groklaw will be telling us to rip CD - ROM support
out of our Linux systems .
You do know how the Rock Ridge extensions work , do n't
you ?
If not , you 'd better find out .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , April 02 2009 @ 02:52 PM EDT
" But let 's face the simple truth .
The Linux kernel guys have a role to play
too .
If they had upgraded the kernel to GPLv3 , that would have been the end of
this kind of Microsoft nonsense . "
Interesting .
So you do n't hold the FSF responsible in any way ?
Linus asked to be
consulted privately , they said no .
I guess we should wait for The Hurd . [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : rsi on Thursday , April 02 2009 @ 02:55 PM EDT
I am a little confused .
Why could n't TomTom , or anyone else just use FreeDOS to
implement FAT / VFAT/VFAT32 ?
And why has n't Mickey $ oft tried to shut down
FreeDOS , or attempt to force it to pay the M$ Tax ???
Would n't the fact that FreeDOS exists royalty free trump Mickey $ oft in any
Patent Suit ???
I may be missing something .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : sproggit on Thursday , April 02 2009 @ 03:46 PM EDT
I think we need to try and re-think the approach here .
If we look back at the
history of both MS / DOS and the FAT File System , they have some common ancestry .
MS / DOS , which from a Microsoft perspective introduced the FAT file system and
it 's various peculiarities , was really cloned from CP/M .
Lots of good debate in earlier posts in this thread point out that , for a patent
to be granted , it has to be both innovative * and* non-obvious .
Can anyone tell me how Microsoft can claim , with a straight face , that MS / DOS is
both unique and innovative when others had developed this technology before they
did ???
There is no way that this patent would withstand a properly structured
challenge .
It 's clear from all of PJ 's research and the posts of others that
TomTom folded in all probability because Microsoft made it easier for them to
reach a settlement than to fight on .
We might well speculate that such a result was Redmond 's game plan from day one ,
especially if the settlement had a confidentiality clause in it .
Such a term
benefits a corporate bully who wants to use the legal result to encourage others
to follow in TomTom 's footsteps .
PJ and other regulars have made a terrific start here , in terms of building a
body of evidence that can be used to demonstrate the invalidity of the so - called
8 Microsoft FAT patents .
Perhaps we can all help to augment that with more
material , and clearly help other companies who may already be in conversation
with Microsoft .
And for what it 's worth , is n't it about time that companies who file specious
patent claims get sanctioned for deceptive business practices .
Oh , and this may or may not be a related question , but is obtaining monies or
other benefits through false pretenses [ were such to be the case ] a crime ?
I'm
sure there 's something ' not quite cricket ' with such a situation .
Anyone with more specific experience able to clarify ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , April 03 2009 @ 12:19 PM EDT
Doing sports on fresh air is so fun .
Guys have found a working gym somewhere in Russian woods .
via distort303
Enlarge By Charlie Riedel , AP Smokestack emissions rise from the Jeffery Energy Center coal power plant near Emmitt , Kan. , on Jan. 10 .
WASHINGTON  Even as demand for electricity rises , energy companies are delaying or scrapping plans for new coal - burning power plants because of the prospect of restrictions imposed by federal global warming legislation .
Power use in the USA could grow 22 % during the next 20 years , according to the Energy Department .
To help keep the nation 's laptops and TVs humming , dozens of new plants that burn coal — by far the nation 's largest source of electricity — were in the works .
President Obama and many members of Congress vow to cut U.S. emissions of carbon dioxide , the major " greenhouse gas " warming the Earth .
Coal - burning power plants are the USA 's single largest source of carbon dioxide .
Proposed coal plants around the nation face difficulties : • Thursday , Alliant Energy dropped plans to build a coal - burning plant in central Iowa that would have been big enough to power nearly half a million homes and businesses .
The company cited " increasing environmental , legislative and regulatory uncertainty regarding regulation of future greenhouse gas emissions " as part of the reason .
•
Last month , NV Energy announced it would delay the construction of a coal - burning power plant in eastern Nevada until it can install " clean coal " technology to bury the plant 's carbon dioxide .
Such technology wo n't be widely available for a decade or more .
" While uncertainty exists , " NV Energy 's Roberto Denis said of federal regulation , " we basically are standing still . " •
Last month , Southern Montana Electric Generation & Transmission Cooperative halted work on a coal - burning power plant near Great Falls , Mont .
Instead it will build wind turbines and a plant that burns natural gas , even though the combination will not make as much power as the coal plant would have .
•
Also last month , Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm , a Democrat , ordered state regulators not to approve new coal - fired plants until " all feasible and prudent alternatives " had been considered .
Five plants are planned .
The state attorney general and Republican legislators are challenging Granholm 's directive .
•
In December , Peabody Energy said it had dropped a plan announced eight years ago for a coal - burning plant in western Kentucky .
Instead the company will build a plant to convert coal to natural gas , in part because it 's easier to capture carbon dioxide for burial from such a plant , said Peabody 's Vic Svec .
Obama 's election sharpened the trend .
Last month , Lisa Jackson , Obama 's chief of the Environmental Protection Agency , said the agency will reconsider a 2008 decision that the agency lacks the legal authority to regulate carbon dioxide from power plants .
Obama has asked Congress for legislation mandating carbon - dioxide cuts , but it 's not clear whether such a bill will pass , let alone how strict it would be .
" What you have right now is uncertainty , " said Wayne Leonard , CEO of Entergy , a Fortune 500 power company .
" When you look at the risks around the coal plant at this time , it 's very hard to justify . "
Jackson said the nation can't afford to let power companies dangle indefinitely .
" There needs to be some certainty , " Jackson said in an interview with USA TODAY .
" Without legislation to address ( carbon dioxide ) , something 's going to have to give . "
If there is less power from coal , the nation will have to turn to natural gas , which is subject to big price swings , or build nuclear plants , said Revis James of the Electric Power Research Institute , which is funded by the power industry .
" Long term … we 're going to be facing some challenging scenarios , " James said .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
In Russia they have world ’s first Enema Monument .
It is a 800 - pound solid bronze statue , erected in the small town near Stavropol city .
A small historical irony about the recent weird effort to enlist the bombing of Hiroshima in defense of torture ( torture begins with T , Truman begins with T — do n’t you see it ? ) :
Whatever role the bombings played in hastening Japan ’s unconditional surrender , it was probably enhanced by the testimony of captured Air Force First Lieutenant Marcus McDilda .
Though he initially professed to know nothing about the Manhattan Project or the atomic bomb that had been dropped on Hiroshima — because he did n ’t — under torture he “ confessed ” that , contrary to Japanese hopes that the Americans could not possibly have produced more than a few , the United States had hundreds ready for deployment , with Tokyo and Kyoto next on the list of targets .
In this case , of course , that was best for all concerned but it ’s one more reminder that information obtained under duress is not always the most reliable .
Gen Wesley Clark ( ret ) , former Nato supreme allied commander :
Britain is highly respected in the United States , and even on the occasion when much of the American public came to doubt the wisdom of the invasion of Iraq , the support and loyalty of Great Britain has always been appreciated .
Britain did an admirable job in applying the lessons of its considerable experience in peacekeeping and peace operations , and even nation building , to the situation in southern Iraq .
I know that the United States ' officers and soldiers have nothing but the highest respect and admiration for the British military .
Britain 's traditional role has always been to be the strongest power in Europe , and the transatlantic link , and I think Britain 's effective military campaigns in both Iraq and Afghanistan have strengthened that role , solidified its position and given it greater prominence and leadership authority in the world .
The strength of the transatlantic linkage between us and Britain is one of the principle foundations of modern diplomacy and the economic order that we live in .
Jon Soltz , chairman of veterans ' organisation Votevets.org , who served as a US army captain in Iraq :
I do n't think [ the British ] did the thing strategically in the war on terror .
Tony Blair , more than anybody else in the world , had a tremendous amount of credibility if he wanted to stop this thing .
Militarily , the Americans did n't technically need the British with them .
The British role militarily , after the invasion , was minimal .
To start this war off , Tony Blair was in as good a position as anybody in the world to say this is not the right thing for us to do .
Without the perception of the British standing with George Bush it would have been much harder for the United States to kick this thing off .
There are n't that many militaries today that are infrastructurally prepared to fight warfare in the 21st century .
The British military can stand toe - to - toe with the American military in its combat power and the professionalism of the force .
People in Britain need to understand that - how much the American military appreciates the professionalism and expertise .
People see Britain as a poodle of America .
[ But ] we really do think very highly of the British military at a young officer level , because they can fight with us .
There 's no better army in the world to fight with than the UK .
Dr Mustafa Alani , Gulf Research Centre , Dubai , UAE :
The British government 's decision to be the main partner of the US in the invasion of Iraq was a disaster .
It was based on the mistaken belief that it was going to be profitable politically , morally , strategically , and economically .
No consideration was given to the possibility that it could fail , or that the US could marginalise Britain .
It was a tragic case of self - deception to think that Bush would treat the British as equals .
Britain emerged as a full partner in crimes against the Iraqi people , as well as sharing the financial and human cost of those crimes .
But it was a discredited and powerless partner .
Britain had no spare military capacity to carry out its mission in Iraq .
In the area under UK control , criminal groups , militias and Iranian intelligence agents operated under the noses of British forces .
They were overstretched and suffered from a lack of manpower , equipment , authority and clear objectives .
Their mission was hopeless and thankless .
The roundest objects ever built by hand
See that object above , on the right ?
It ’s the most perfectly spherical object ever made by hand .
It ’s only the size of a ping pong ball , but its surfaces are so smooth that were it blown up to the size of Earth , the tallest mountain would be only eight feet high .
It ’s one of four spheres that are current floating in Gravity Probe B , which is possibly the coolest piece of space engineering evah .
Gravity Probe B is an audacious attempt by NASA and Stanford to confirm Einsteinian physics by measuring , with utterly berserk precision , how much Earth ’s enormous mass curves space - time around it .
The Probe is a satellite that contains four chambers of superfluid helium , chilled to a martini - like minus - 271 degrees Celsius .
A sphere — composed of fused quartz — floats inside each chamber and spins rapidly , forming a three - dimensional gyroscope .
They ’re so free of any physical disturbance that they form an almost perfect space - time reference system .
The spheres can detect changes in their positioning as small as 0.5 milliarcseconds — roughly the width of a human hair viewed from 20 miles away .
Heh .
So here ’s how it works :
The Probe is aligned to a distant guide star , IM Pegasi .
According to Newtonian physics , a gyroscope free of any interference ought to point in the same direction for eternity .
So if the spheres inside Gravity Probe B drift away from their orientation to IM Pegasi , they ’re being affected by the Earth ’s space - time pull — and we ’ll be able to measure it and see if it conforms to Einsteinian predictions .
Specifically , the two effects we ’ll be able to see are “ frame dragging ” and the “ geodetic effect ” .
As one scientist described it :
“ If experimental science is an art , then I would look at GP - B as a Renaissance masterpiece , ” says Jeff Kolodziejczak , NASA ’s Project Scientist for GP - B at the Marshall Space Flight Center .
The whole reason I ’m blogging about the Probe now is that it ’s been in orbit for three years , and NASA is finally getting preliminary data out of it .
Apparently the gyroscopes indeed appear to be drifting , though it ’ll take a while to separate the signal from the noise to fully confirm the frame - dragging effect .
In the meantime , if you want to built a papercraft model of the Probe , there are plans here .
I ’ve always wanted to write a humungous magazine feature about Gravity Probe B , because it ’s such a freaky epitome of the wonderful craziness and bulldogged tenacity of scientists .
It was originally proposed 47 years ago (!! ) — but was delayed for decades waiting for funding , waiting for the shuttles to be built to get it aloft , then discovering that , whoops , the shuttles could n’t actually handle that sort of payload , then designing a rocket to finally get it aloft .
They also had wait for all manner of engineering breakthroughs to make those spheres .
But what a metaphorically lovely finale :
The most perfectly round objects ever made by humanity , flying through the void on one of the purest scientific quests ever .
Disqus
Forecasting coal production until 2100
Forecasting coal production until 2100
S. H. Mohr
G. M. Evans
University of Newcastle , Faculty of Engineering and Built Environment , Chemical Engineering , University Drive , Callaghan , NSW 2308 , Australia
Abstract
1 Introduction
~
~
2 Literature Ultimately Recoverable Resources Estimates
~
3 Model Description
The markets to which the model interacts with is chosen .
In the three scenarios for the coal model , the markets chosen are regional / continental and are : Africa , Asia , FSU , Europe , North America , Oceania and South America .
The model works on individual countries and types .
For each country and type , the maximum production of all mines , Mj P is estimated along with the mine - life of all mines Mj L .
All mines are assumed to take 4 years to start up and shut down , along with the ability to have a forced shutdown early and restart later on .
There is also the ability for mines to upgrade , which involves a mine increasing production over 4 years to twice the maximum production for the rest of its working life .
Mj L and Mj P combined with the individual URR , determines the total number of mines Mj T for the country and type .
Figure 1 shows an illustrative example of an individual mine 's production .
An iterative procedure is applied , which has supply and demand interactions applied on a continent level .
This determines when mines come online , if they have a forced shutdown , and if / when they upgrade .
Production for the country is readily determined by adding the production from the individual mines .
D
S
D
M D [ t +1 ] = M D [ t ] ek D [ t ] , where , M D [ 0 ] =M D0 ( 1 )
D0
D
k D [ t ] = k D0 - k 1 æ
è M S [ t ] - M D [ t ] M S [ t ]
ö
ø . ( 2 )
D0
1
D0
D0
S
M S [ t +1 ] =
å
j
Pj [t+1 ] ( 3 )
Mj [ t+1 ] = é Mj T - ( Mj T - Mj[t ] ) e - kj S [ t ] [ ( Pj[t ] ) / ( URRj ) ] ù ( 4 )
S
kj S [ t ] = kj S0 +k 2 æ
è M S [ t ] - M D [ t ] M S [ t ]
ö
ø , ( 5 )
S0
2
S0
U
Mj U [ t +1 ] = é
ê k 3 æ
è M S [ t ] - M D [ t ] M S [ t ]
- k U ö
ø Mj[t ] ù
ú ( 6 )
U
3
M S [ t +1 ] =
å
j
Pj [ t+1 ] =
å
j
Mj [t+1 ]
å
i=1
qji[t+1 ]
1
2
3
U
S0
D0
4 Results and Discussion
4.1 Model Criticism
L
P
S0
U
1
2
3
D
inc
-
dec
5 Conclusion
6 Acknowledgments
Figure 1 : An example of a mines production over time
Figure 2 : Coal production prediction for major producers in Gt/y for a )
The HL scenario b) The R+C scenario c ) The BG scenario
Figure 3 : Coal production prediction for different coal types in Gt/y for a )
The HL scenario b) The R+C scenario c ) The BG scenario
Figure 4 : Coal production prediction for different coal types in EJ/y for a )
The HL scenario b) The R+C scenario c ) The BG scenario
A Coal data analysis
y ( t ) = y p1 er inc ( t - t p1 ) ; t £ t p 1 ( 7 ) y( t ) = y p2 er dec ( t - t p2 ) ; t ³ t p 2 ( 8 )
p1
p1
p2
p2
inc
dec
D
B Tabulated results
Table B1 : The URR estimates for the different scenarios in Gt Table B.2 :
The peak year estimates for various countries and types for the different scenarios aIf production has ﬂat plateau type peak , then the peak year is the ﬁrst year of the plateau , bracket number refers to peak year in an energy basis , otherwise mass basis .
bBracked value is production in EJ/y , otherwise Mt/y. References [ 1 ]
BP 2008 Statistical Review of World Energy , June 2008 , BP website : http://www.bp.com/statisticalreview ( 8/10/2008 ) [ 2 ]
Hubbert M. K. , Exponential Growth as a Transient Phenomenon in Human History .
World Wildlife Fund's Conference , The Fragile Earth : Towards Strategies for Survival , San Francisco , 1976 . [ 3 ]
Laherrere J. , Oil and gas : what future ?
Groningen Annual Energy Convention 2006 .
http://www.oilcrisis.com/Laherrere/groningen.pdf ( 24/09/08 ) [ 4 ]
Zittel W. , Schindler J. , Coal : Resources and Future Production , Energy Watch Group , Paper No. 1/07 , 2007 .
http://www.energywatchgroup.org/fileadmin/global/pdf/EWG_Report_Coal_10-07-2007ms.pdf
( 24/09/08 ) [ 5 ]
World Energy Council , 2007 Survey of Energy Resources , 2007 [ 6 ]
Rutledge D. , Hubbert 's Peak , The Coal Question , and Climate Change , October 2007 : http://rutledge.caltech.edu/
( 2/10/08 ) [ 7 ]
Thielemann T. , Schmidt S. , Gerling J. P. , Lignite and hard coal : Energy suppliers for world needs until the year 2100 - An outlook .
International Journal of Coal Geology 2007 ; 72(1-14 ) [ 8 ]
Kavalov , B. , Peteves S. D. , The Future of Coal .
The Institute for Energy ( IFE ) , prepared for European Commission Joint Research Centre EUR 22744 EN 2007 .
http://ie.jrc.ec.europa.eu/publications/scientific_publications/2007/EUR22744EN.pdf
( 24/09/08 ) [ 9 ]
Minerals U.K. World Mineral Statistics : Years 1913 to 2006 . [ 10 ]
Mitchell B. R. , European Historical Statistics : 1750 - 1975 , Second revised edition , 1981 , The Macmillan Press . [ 11 ]
Mitchell B. R. , International Historical Statistics : Africa and Asia , 1982 , New York University Press . [ 12 ]
Mitchell B. R. , International Historical Statistics : The Americas and Australasia , 1983 , Gale Research Company [ 13 ]
Australian Bureau of Statistics : Yearbooks - 1908 -2008 .
Australian Bureau of Statistics website : http://www.abs.gov.au ( 8/10/08 ) [ 14 ]
Canadian Mineral Industry - Historical Information , Canadian Minerals Yearbooks 1944-1999 , Canadian Mineral Statistics 1886 - 1956 , Natural Resources Canada website http://www.nrcan.gc.ca/mms/cmy/info-hist_e.htm [ 15 ]
Ouptut of Saleable Coal in the Principal Districts of Great Britain and Ireland and the Total Selling Value at Pit , Durham Mining Museum website http://www.dmm.org.uk/stats/toutput.htm ( 8/10/08 ) [ 16 ]
Pollard S. , A New Estimate of British Coal Production , 1750 - 1850 , The Economic History Review , 33 ( 2 ) , pg 212-235 , 1980 [ 17 ]
Milici R. C. , The Coalprod Database : Historical Production Data for the Major Coal - Producing Regions of the Conterminous United States U.S.G.S Open File Report 97-447 [ 18 ]
International Coal Production Tables , EIA website : http://www.eia.doe.gov/emeu/international/coalproduction.html
( 8/10/2008 ) [ 19 ]
World Coal Production , CoalPortal website : http://www.coalportal.com/production_trade_data.cfm?data_type=Production
( 8/10/2008 ) [ 20 ]
The Brunei Coal Mine , The Daily Brunei Resources , Sunday June 11th 2006 , The Daily Brunei Resources website : http://bruneiresources.blogspot.com/2006/06/brunei-coal-mine.html
( 8/10/2008 ) [ 21 ]
Mohr S. , and Evans G. , Demand - Supply Interaction on Future Mining Resource Production : The Coal Model , CSRP'08 Conference , 18 - 19th November 2008 . [ 22 ]
Brandt A. R. , Testing Hubbert , Energy Policy , 35 ( 5 ) , pg 3074 -3088 , 2007 . [ 23 ]
R. Bonskowski , W. D. Watson , F. Freme , Coal Production in the United States - An Historical Overview , EIA website http://www.eia.doe.gov/cneaf/coal/page/coal_production_review.pdf
( 12/11/08 ) [ 24 ]
Baruya P. S. et al. , Coal Online , Coal Resources , IEA Clean Coal Centre , 2003 .
http://www.coalonline.net/site/coalonline/content/home ( 8/10/08 ) [ 25 ] E.I.A. , Country Analysis Briefs , Bangladesh , July 2006 , http://www.eia.doe.gov/cabs/Bangladesh/Coal.html ( 9/10/08 ) [ 26 ] E.I.A . Coal reserves , EIA website : http://www.eia.doe.gov/emeu/international/contents.html ( 9/10/08 ) [ 27 ]
Mongolia : Business Opportunities for 2005 , Special Advertising Section , Fortune Magazine September 19th , 2005 , http://www.timeinc.net/fortune/services/sections/fortune/intl/media/2005_09mongolia.pdf ( 9/20/08 ) [ 28 ]
Vietnam Ministry of Foreign Affairs , Vietnam , Japan discuss minerals policies , Other news , 4th December 2007 , http://www.mofa.gov.vn/en/nr040807104143/nr040807105039/ns071204093549
( 9/10/08 )
File translated from T E X by T T H , version 3.85 .
On 31 Mar 2009 , 09:21 .
A model capable of projecting mineral resources production has been developed .
The model includes supply and demand interactions , and has been applied to all coal producing countries .
A model of worldwide coal production has been developed for 3 scenarios .
The ultimately recoverable resources ( URR ) estimates used in the scenarios ranged from 700 Gt to 1243 Gt .
The model indicates that worldwide coal production will peak between 2010 and 2048 on a mass basis and between 2011 and 2047 on an energy basis .
The Best Guess scenario , assumed a URR of 1144 Gt and peaks in 2034 on a mass basis , and in 2026 on an energy basis .
Coal is widely used in the generation of electricity and in the production of steel , and is considered to be an abundant resource .
In 2006 world production of all coal types was 6.2 Gt/y and the current reserves to production ratio ( R/P ) is 133 years [ 1 ] .
There have been a few estimates of future coal production and all [ 2,3,4 ] have used Hubbert 's bell curve technique .
Hubbert [ 2 ] in 1976 estimated future coal production by applying a bell shaped curve to global production , and predicted it would peak at between 10 - 24 Gt/y in 2100 - 2200 depending on the URR .
Laherrere [ 3 ] in 2004 used a similar approach to obtain a peak production of7.2 Gt/y in 2050 .
The EWG [ 4 ] in 2007 used a modified approach , in that future production was assumed to be a bell shaped production profile was applied to all countries and types , rather than on a global basis and only applied the profile to recent production statistics to obtain a peak production of7.4 Gt/y in 2025 .
The notion that coal is abundant less clear , whilst the R/P ratio and early literature [ 2 ] indicates coal is abundant [ 1 ] , recent studies [ 3,4 ] suggest otherwise .
The reduction in the peak year estimates from Hubbert [ 2 ] ( 2100 - 2200 ) to the most recent analysis from the EWG [ 4 ] ( 2025 ) highlight important differences in the modelling analysis .
Firstly , the discrepancy in the predictions between Hubbert [ 2 ] and Laherrere [ 3 ] ( 2050 ) is due to a lower URR value assumed by Laherrere [ 3 ] ; both modelled production as a bell curve and applied it to global coal production .
For Laherrere [ 3 ] and the EWG [ 4 ] essentially the same URR ( Laherrere [ 3 ] assumes a URR of 600 Gtoe , and the EWG [ 4 ] assume cumulative production plus reserves , obtained from WEC 2007 [ 5 ] with the exception of USA .
On a tonnes basis both equate to a URR of ∼ 1100 - 1200 Gt ) was assumed and a bell curve profile of production estimated , but a difference of 25 years for the peak year was found .
The fundamental difference was that Laherrere [ 3 ] modelled production globally , while the EWG [ 4 ] applied it to each country and type and only used recent production statistics as a basis for analysis .
Theoretically , the sum of countries productions should equal the global value resulting in no significant difference in the peak year .
The reason for the difference is not entirely clear .
The differences in peak coal production year estimates raises a number of questions about the overall modelling approach to coal production ; especially given that the most recent prediction [ 4 ] forecasts that coal production will decline beyond 2025 .
The aim of this study therefore , was to critically examine URR estimates and to develop a coal production model based on a country - by - country analysis , which is not reliant on a bell curve production profile .
The resultant peak year prediction could then be compared to the previous studies .
A review of literature will be presented to determine the coal Ultimately Recoverable Resources ( URR ) estimates .
Peat and oil shale will not be considered as coal ; the data will be split as best as possible into Anthracite , Bituminous , Sub- bituminous and Lignite for each country which had or has coal .
A description of the model developed to predict coal production will be provided .
The results of the model along with a discussion will be presented , followed by a conclusion .
There are very few URR estimates for coal , Hubbert [ 2 ] assumed in 1976 that the coal URR was between 2,000 Gt and 7,600 Gt. Laherrere [ 3 ] in 2004 and EWG [ 4 ] both assumed a coal URR of1100 - 1200 Gt .
In the case of the EWG [ 4 ] , the URR was determined by assuming that WEC 2007 [ 5 ] reserve values combined with cumulative production represented the best estimate of the URR .
Rutledge [ 6 ] estimated the worldwide coal URR to be approximately 660 Gt , using only coal production statistics and the technique of Hubbert Linearisation .
The EWG [ 4 ] consider their URR value as an overestimate of the actual URR , whereas others believe it would be an underestimate [ 7 ] .
The classical view is that the URR estimate from the EWG [ ] would be too low as Thielemann et al 2007 [ 7 ] explains " Every year , coal resources move into reserves as our knowledge of coal deposits improve and new pits or pit sections are developed " .
So by the classical view we would expect the URR from EWG [ 4 ] and Laherrere [ 3 ] to be an underestimate .
However the EWG [ 4 ] and Kavalov [ 8 ] both highlight that reserve and resource estimates have been declining .
Resources have decreased nearly 50 % over the last 25 years [ 4 ] and reserves have decreased by 137 Gt during the last 6 years to now be 847 Gt [ 8 ] .
However the classical theory indicates that reserves and resources should have increased [ 7 ] .
Ultimately since coal resources and reserves have not been following the classical view we can only assume that the EWG [ 4 ] URR estimate is an overestimate .
Three scenarios are analysed in the article .
In the first scenario we estimated worldwide coal URR based on Hubbert 's Linearisation Technique ( denote this scenario HL ) and applied the method to all countries with coal production .
( Coal production statistics used in this article were estimated from a variety of sources [ 1,5,6,9 –20 ] . )
We obtained a URR of 700 Gt from the Hubbert Linearisation Technique , which is very similar to Rutledge 's estimate of 660 Gt , using the same technique [ 6 ] .
The second scenario calculated the URR via the method of adding reserves to cumulative production and this scenario is denoted R+C .
We estimated a URR of 1243 Gt by the R+C method , which is similar to the EWG [ 4 ] and Laherrere [ 3 ] URR value .
The last scenario is our Best Guess estimate of the URR .
The Best Guess scenario , denoted BG , assumes a URR of 1144 Gt. Table indicates the URR for all countries and types , and details where the URR values are determined .
The model has been briefly described previously [ 21 ] .
The modelling philosophy was to try and replicate real world exploitation of a mineral resource .
The model includes supply and demand interactions so that production is influenced by the demand .
The model has production occurring from individual mines , and production can be increased by bringing more mines online or upgrading existing mines .
Outside influences such as wars and depressions can also be factored into the model .
The model has several key steps :
The iterative procedure is explained in some detail here .
The model examined each market ( Asia , Europe etc ) separately , and for each year the total number of the individual mines ' production is added to obtain a production total for each country and type .
For example , assume that we are at year t and in a particular continent and we know the following terms : the intrinsic demand in year t , M[t ] , and the total supply for a continent at year t , M[t ] .
Also for each country and type in the continent we know the amount of coal produced in year t , P[t ] , and the number of mines online , M[t ] , and the activities of the mines ( commenced , shut down , upgraded ) .
We now need to determine the supply and demand for the year t+1 .
The demand M[ t+1 ] for the continent is estimated by equation 1 [ 21 ] .
Where Mis the initial demand , and k[t ] is the demand rate variable , which is described in equation 2 [ 21 ]
Where kis the equilibrium growth rate value , and kis a proportionate constant linking the difference in supply and demand to the demand growth rate .
kranged from 0.035 to 0.1 in value and all except for Asia are constant .
In Asia kchanged from 0.05 to 0.10 in order to account for the rapid development in China and India since the Asian Crisis in 1999 .
The supply of coal in the year t+1 , M[ t+1 ] , is determined by summing the productions in the individual countries and coal types in the year t+1 , P [ t +1 ] as shown in equation 3 [ 21 ] .
The production of coal in a given country and type , P[ t+1 ] , is determined by knowing whether or not there is a disruption in year t.
A disruption is added into the model to take account of effects such as the Great Depression and world wars etc .
If a disruption has been inputed into the model , then some of the mines are brought offline , and hence production is reduced .
If no disruption is present , then the number of new mines brought online or restarted needs to be determined .
The number of mines online M[ t+1 ] is a function of production , P[t ] , and of the supply and demand as shown in equation 4 [ 21 ] .
Where k[t ] is the supply rate variable for the specific country and type , note that initially one mine is online .
The supply rate variable is similar to the demand rate variable and is shown in equation 5 [ 21 ]
Where kis the equilibrium supply rate for the specific country and type and kis a proportionate constant applied to all countries and regions .
The equilibrium supply rate is a constant in almost all cases .
However , in a few key places , events have caused this value to have a step change :
In North America , at the end of the 1960s there was a strong departure from high sulfur USA bituminous coals to lower sulfur coals and this had the effect of stunting USA bituminous coal production , whilst also heavily increasing production from other coal sources .
The second place where kis not a constant is in China , where the rate of growth since 2000 has been considerably higher than was previously the case .
The last component of the iterative procedure is determining how many mines are upgraded each year .
The number of mines upgraded between year t and t+1 , M[ t+1 ] , is determined by equation , and is directly related to the number of mines online and the difference between supply and demand .
Where kis a minimum gap between supply and demand necessary before mines are upgraded , and kis a proportionality constant .
Let q[ t+1 ] denote the production i-th mine in the j - th country and type in the year t+1 .
Since we know when the i-th mine started and its history , we can determine the total supply to the market as :
The constants k , k , k , kare on a continent basis .
Historically , Europe is the only continent where coal production has already peaked and is declining ; Europe peaked in 1988 and production is declining at an average rate of 3 % per year .
The constants were determined by finding the best fit to European production and these values were then used for the other continents and scenarios , all of which have not peaked .
The constant kis determined by fitting to the individual production curve for a given country and type .
The constant kis determined , by observing the historical growth rate for each continent .
The model 's predictions of coal production are shown in three formats .
Figure 2 shows production from the major coal producing countries on a tonnage basis , Figure 3 indicates the production of the different coal types , in tonnes , and Figure 4 has the coal production by coal type in energy units ( EJ ) .
The model indicates world coal production in tonnes will peak between 2010 - 2048 , and in an energy basis , will peak between 2011 and 2047 .
The large range in peak year estimates cannot be narrowed until reliable URR estimates are available .
The URR estimates used in the scenario hopefully reflect the actual URR .
The HL scenario URR , should guarantee an underestimate in the URR , as there are places where coal is known to exist but production is currently insignificant or non-existent - e.g. Alaska .
The R+C scenario URR is assumed to be an overestimate due to the declining official reserves and resources [ 4,8 ] , which are speculated to continue to decline [ 4 ] .
We therefore cautiously believe that the worldwide coal URR is between 700 and 1243 Gt , and that the prediction from the model implies that coal production will peak sometime between 2010 and 2048 , is approximately correct .
Our BG scenario URR of 1144
Gt is a slightly educated guess , and is typically obtained by choosing the HL or R+C scenario URR values for each different country and type .
The BG scenario indicates that coal production will peak in 2034 on a tonnage basis and in 2026 on an energy basis .
Based on the coal URR estimates , the notion that coal is abundant is unlikely , however further work is needed to determine accurate URR estimates .
The model has numerous limitations which will be outlined .
The model required more than 400 constants to be inputted , ( M , Mand kfor all 132 countries and type , as well as k , k , k , k ) .
The number of constants makes application of the model difficult and time consuming .
The assumption that all the maximum mine productions for a given country and type is constant over time is too simplistic , as history indicates maximum mine production rates increased over time in America [ 23 ] .
The iterative approach of the model causes the model to take several hours to run .
It is preferred that external disruptions such as the Great Depression be implemented in demand rather than supply .
Laherrere [ 3 ] and the EWG [ 4 ] using Hubbert 's Theory and a similar URR , produce moderately similar peak year estimates , hence there are questions as to why develop such a complicated model .
There were numerous reasons for why the model was created .
First , Hubbert 's theory assumes production is a symmetric bell curve , yet analysis similar to that done by Brandt [ 22 ] for oil production , indicates that the rate differencer = ris negative with a mean of - 0.019 and a median of - 0.018 , with a standard deviation of 0.059 ( see appendix for more details ) .
Also with Hubbert 's method there is no underlying theory explaining why production ought to follow a symmetric bell curve .
Our model has been developed to attempt to replicate how coal is extracted with production from mines and with supply and demand interactions , as well as external disruptions ( wars , depressions etc ) .
The number of constants required is time - consuming , and work is continuing to develop a normalised approach to readily apply the model to many countries , which could minimise the number of variables used .
Further work is required to produce better models that are more effective and replicate reality more accurately .
A model has been developed which uses supply and demand considerations and this has been used to model worldwide coal production .
The model has been applied to coal , but can be used for any resource where production is derived from mining .
World coal URR value has been estimated at between 700 and 1243 Gt of coal .
The model projects that worldwide coal production will peak between 2010 and 2048 on a tonnage basis , and between 2011 and 2047 on an energy basis .
The notion that coal is widely abundant therefore appears to be unjustified .
Further work is needed to better determine the URR range of coal .
We wish to thank the EIA , and Minerals UK staff as well as Jean Laherrere and Dave Rutledge for their help in acquiring coal production statistics .
Thanks too , to Michelle Buckland for helping to edit this article .
The exponential functions applied to the coal producing countries that have peaked , were :
Where , ( t , y ) is the point where production enters the plateau of production , and ( t , y ) is the point where production exits the production plateau .
The histograms of r , randr are shown in Figure A1 .
Ares I Drogue Parachute
The Ares drogue parachute successfully extracted the main parachute , which enabled the recovery of the 50,000 - pound test drop article .
This is the second drop test of a drogue parachute for the Ares I rocket .
The test took place Feb. 28 , 2009 , at the U.S. Army 's Yuma Proving Ground near Yuma , Ariz .
The Ares I , the first launch vehicle in NASA 's Constellation Program , will send explorers to the International Space Station , the moon and beyond in coming decades .
The drogue parachute is a vital element of the rocket 's deceleration system ; it is designed to slow the rapid descent of the spent first - stage motor that will be jettisoned by the Ares I during its climb to space .
The parachute will permit recovery of the reusable first - stage motor for use on future Ares I flights .
The first - stage solid rocket motor will power the Ares I rocket for the first two minutes of launch .
Read more on the drogue parachute test .
Image Courtesy of U.S. Army Yuma Proving Ground
Mark Sanford Whacks Lindsey Graham Over Libertarianism
Created : May 18 , 2009 15:49 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
The Ron Paul quarters of the GOP are buzzing about Sen. Lindsey Graham ’s ( R - S.C. ) speech to this past weekend ’s state party convention — a combative performance in which he took on conservative activists and Paul supporters .
One heckler yelled out : “ You ’re a hypocrite ! ” Graham snapped back : “ I ’m a winner , pal ! ” When Paul supporters started to boo , Graham took them on :
I am not a libertarian .
If you are , you ’re welcome to vote for me and build this party , but we ’re not going to build this party around libertarian ideas .
After the speech a volunteer from Paul ’s Campaign for Liberty asked Gov. Mark Sanford ( R - S.C. ) about it , and he weighed in against Graham .
There was almost a pejorative comment a moment ago .
Sen .
Graham spoke and said “ I ’m not a libertarian , ” whatever , whatever , as if that ’s an evil word .
Liberty is the hallmark of the American experiment … People say , you know , “ Mark , you ’re kind of libertarian , ” you know , and they say it as if it ’s an evil word , like you ’re a communist or something .
I ’m like :
Throw me in that briar patch …
I ’ve been accused of being a libertarian and I wear it as a badge of honor .
–
TWI is on Twitter .
Please follow us here .
Senior cabinet ministers are privately discussing a plan to scrap the Government 's £ 5bn identity cards programme as part of cuts to public spending , The Independent has learnt .
The ministers believe that some " sacred cows " will have to be sacrificed in the effort to reduce Britain 's debt mountain .
They are raising fresh questions over the future of the ID card programme as the Cabinet faces renewed pressure to find economies beyond a promised £ 9bn in " efficiency savings " .
" My sense is that ID cards will not go ahead , " a senior Cabinet Minister said .
" We have to find savings somewhere , and it would be better to shelve schemes like this that are n't popular . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
A ComRes poll for The Independent today finds 55 per cent of voters favour public spending cuts to reduce Britain 's debts , against 38 per cent who want taxes to be increased .
It also finds that the Tory lead over Labour has widened from 12 to 19 points since the Budget .
Issuing ID cards will cost more than £ 5 bn over the next decade while scrapping the scheme now would leave the taxpayer with a relatively small compensation bill to pay .
Cabinet sceptics are preparing to use the public spending crunch to push for the scheme to be abandoned before the first cards are issued to British nationals this winter .
David Cameron , the Conservative leader , has said the programme will be scrapped if his party wins the election expected to take place in May 2010 .
But Gordon Brown has so far proved immovable on the issue , with Jacqui Smith , the Home Secretary , insisting last month that the Government was " on track " to introduce ID cards .
However , there is a growing recognition among ministers that after Alistair Darling , the Chancellor , signalled severe spending cuts in the Budget , some " big ticket " projects will have to be scrapped to help reduce the national deficit .
The Home Office is widely considered to be particularly vulnerable to cuts .
Stephen Byers , the Blairite former cabinet minister , has become the first senior Labour figure to acknowledge that ID cards may have to be shelved .
He also suggested the expensive planned replacement of the Trident nuclear missile system be abandoned .
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
ID cards were championed by Tony Blair and by David Blunkett when he was the Home Secretary .
Mr Brown was initially hostile to the scheme because of its cost but he became an enthusiastic convert , arguing that it would tackle terrorism , organised crime , illegal immigration and identity fraud .
The first ID cards for British citizens will be issued to some airport workers by the end of the year .
A widespread roll - out of the scheme is scheduled to begin in 2011 .
Foreign nationals have already received the first cards .
The Home Office puts the cost of introducing ID cards for Britons at £ 4.7bn over the next decade and the additional cost of introducing them for foreign nationals at £ 326 m .
There would be a further unspecified cost to Whitehall departments for accessing the biometric database that will underpin the cards .
The Government has just signed contracts worth £ 750 m to set up the scheme , one to upgrade passport application systems and the other to set up the database .
The contract for the ID cards themselves will be awarded later this year .
Ms Smith has told MPs that cancelling the contracts would cost the Government " in the region of £ 40 m in the early years " .
The £ 25 bn replacement for Trident is the most high - profile major Government project that is at risk , but the cabinet source predicted that it would be saved because of the impact that its cancellation would have on jobs , principally at Barrow - in - Furness , where the submarines are built .
The Trident replacement was designed for the Cold War to penetrate well - defended targets in the Soviet Union or China , and opponents say it has been made obsolete by the new threat of nuclear attack from rogue states lacking sophisticated defences .
" There is a case for shelving Trident Two , but the number of jobs that go with it is just too great , " said the Cabinet source .
" I just ca n't see us cancelling a Trident replacement now . "
Vince Cable , the Liberal Democrats Treasury spokesman , said last week that he believed ID cards and Trident were " sacred cows " that would have to go as part of cuts in public spending .
Dave Arneson , the man who first created the Dungeons & Dragons roleplaying game alongside Gary Gygax , passed Tuesday night , his family announced via email .
It may not directly relate to the world of electronic videogames , but it 's impossible to ignore the influence Arneson 's work has had on the gaming developers we all hold so dear .
Not only did D&D force gamers to think creatively and reason their way to safety , it 's also the single greatest source of high fantasy creatures and ideas since Lord of the Rings author J.R.R.
Tolkien .
I attempted to come up with any fantasy title that does n't somehow lift from D&D , and after 20 minutes of contemplation , I 'm still drawing a blank .
Sadly , this news follows the passing of Gary Gygax in 2008 .
We offer our greatest condolences to Arneson 's family and loved ones , and would like to thank the man for making the world a much more interesting place during his time here .
Correction : Gary Gygax passed away in March of 2008 , not 2009 .
We apologize for any confusion .
Image : Wikimedia Commons
See Also :
A naked woman walks into a bar… and Cosmo asks the patrons to list everything that ’s wrong with her body .
And you thought Cosmo ’s coverlines were bad .
They got nothing on this story , in which Cosmo invited eight bar patrons to deconstruct a normal , healthy woman ’s naked body .
Comments included :
Rod :
Um , she ’s not very athletic .
Emily : … she ’s got cellulite and she could be more toned .
Claudia :
Her thighs … could do with being a little more toned and shapely .
CJ : [ Her bum is ] a bit untoned and has cellulite .
It ’s not really rounded enough .
Ally : I ’ve got a similar problem to her with the double bump - you know , there ’s one bump where the hips are and then there ’s another bump where the thighs are .
Jim :
The front [ of her thighs ] is a little bit deceptive , as the back is n’t as toned .
Rod :
It ’s got the makings of a good one .
If she went running for an hour a day it ’d be perfect .
It does n’t take much to tone up , but most girls think that exercising will make them butch , so they eat really healthily and then do n’t do any exercise .
And some positive stuff too , but you get my point .
To some extent , I ’m perplexed that Cosmo would publish such an insecurity - breeding article in these body - image - conscious times ( former Cosmo editor Mia Freedman is even part of a government taskforce designed to deal with the issue ) .
But I also know that these types of articles are like catnip for many women - no matter how much they piss you off , you ca n’t help but read them .
Still , it ’s not a cover story , so I ’m not convinced it was put in there to increase sales .
Two things struck me about this article .
The first was the stratospheric beauty standards referred to .
This - and I know it should n’t matter - was a woman who by most people ’s standards and under normal circumstances ( not naked , not placed under a microscope by Cosmo ) would be considered “ hot ” … albeit normal enough that the average Cosmo reader would be able to identify with her .
Yet here these equally normal ( and yes , attractive ) people were , identifying her every flaw as if she was a magazine photo waiting to be airbrushed into “ perfection ” .
Because , uh , pretty much every woman has cellulite on her ass .
And as a fellow hourglass - shaped woman - who does a lot of exercise - I can vouch that “ daily runs ” ai n’t going to give her the body of Jessica Alba .
Because as we learned once and for all last year , not even Jessica Alba has the body of Jessica Alba .
I got the sense that the constant use of the word “ toning ” referred not to the effects of working out , but to the effects of Photoshop .
The second thing was that I doubt that most of the people interviewed would have torn her apart in the same way if they saw her in a regular situation .
If she was their friend or their lover , I do n’t think they ’d give a shit that the backs of her thighs were n’t quite as toned as the front .
The obvious internal response to an article like this is “ oh crap , I wonder what they ’d say if they saw me ? ” but the truth is , most people probably are n’t spending that much time looking at or thinking about you .
Largely because Cosmo is n’t holding a digital recorder to their lips asking for their thoughts ( and you ’ve got to wonder about anyone who ’d agree to participate in this story , anyway ) .
The situation is n’t just highly objectifying , it ’s also highly artificial .
Or maybe not .
At the International Women ’s Day forum I spoke at a couple of weeks ago , a number of women in the audience said they regularly mentally deconstructed and tore apart other women ’s appearances - not just in magazines but on the street .
Not because they genuinely believed the other women looked bad , but because making judgments about what was “ wrong ” with them made them feel better about their own insecurities .
My own street - perving tends to be more about admiring good outfits ( although I will confess to “ meh ” - ing at the overrated - particularly the self - overrated ) , but I wonder if that ’s the common experience …
Brainstorming sessions are designed to be a way for people to throw out ideas , no matter how outlandish , in the hopes that some kernel within them can be adapted and modified into something useful .
When it came to ideas on how to win World War II , those brainstorming sessions could get out of hand , and ideas that lacked the devil 's advocacy could actually go into production .
One such idea from Ed Salinger of the Office of Strategic Services ( OSS ) proposed to harness the concept of kitsune , the folklore of shapeshifting trickster foxes , to scare the Japanese with a literal portent of doom .
The whole idea rested on the assumption that Japanese people of the 1940s were superstitious and gullible enough to fall for it .
When it came to the question of how to create fake kitsune , the OSS dreamt up a gaggle of ideas .
First , OSS personnel fashioned fox - shaped balloons to fly over Japanese villages and scare the citizens below .
They also asked a whistle company to create an instrument that simulated fox sounds .
In a memo to the OSS Planning Staff , Salinger said , “ These whistles can be used in combat and a sufficient number of these should create an eerie sound of the kind calculated to meet the Japanese superstition . ”
In addition to the balloons and whistles , the OSS hired another company to create artificial fox odors .
Salinger thought that Japanese citizens would somehow recognize this scent — just as he thought that they would recognize a rare fox sound — and cower in fear .
But despite Salinger ’s best efforts , the balloons , whistles , and odors were abandoned as impractical before being deployed .
Instead , the OSS reverted to Salinger ’s original plan : Catch live foxes in China and Australia , spray - paint them with glowing paint , and release them throughout Japanese villages .
What could possibly go wrong ?
When Operation Fantasia went into production , they found out .
Read about the effort the US put into fabricating supernatural foxes at Smithsonian .
( Image credit : Utagawa Kuniyoshi )
By Steve Schifferes
Economics reporter , BBC News
The global economy is set to decline by 1.3 % in 2009 , in the first global recession since World War II , the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) says .
In January , the IMF had predicted world output would increase by 0.5 % in 2009 .
It now projects that the UK will see its economy shrink by 4.1 % in 2009 , and by a further 0.4 % in 2010 .
But other major economies are predicted to shrink even more , with Germany declining by 5.6 % , Japan by 6.2 % , and Italy by 4.4 % in 2009 .
The prospects for the advanced economies are not much brighter in 2010 , with an overall forecast of zero growth .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The IMF says this represents " by far the deepest post - World War II recession " with an actual decline in output in countries making up 75 % of the world economy .
Currently , output is falling by an " unprecedented " 7.5 % annual rate in the rich countries in the last quarter of 2008 , and the IMF expects the same rate of decline in the first quarter of this year .
Only a recovery in developing and emerging market countries will propel the world economy back into positive growth in 2010 , albeit at a relatively weak level of 1.9 % .
The prospects for world trade are even gloomier , with the IMF now forecasting world trade volumes to decline by 11 % in 2009 , and barely grow at all in 2010 .
After 60 years as the engine of world growth , the sharp fall in trade is now hitting many of the leading exporting nations , particularly in Asia .
Gloomy UK
The IMF says that " the recession is expected to be ... quite severe in the United Kingdom , which is being hit by the end of the boom in real estate and financial services " .
ECONOMIC GROWTH FORECAST 2009 UK : - 4.1 % US : - 2.8 % Germany : - 5.6 % France : - 3.0 % Japan : - 6.2 % source : IMF
It is predicting that UK unemployment will rise to 9.2 % by the end of 2010 , compared to 6.7 % at the moment .
And it is warning that the UK budget deficit will rise to 11 % of GDP , " reflecting mainly automatic stabilisers and asset - price related revenue shortfalls rather than discretionary stimulus " .
The UK is also facing the cost of paying for the banking bail - outs , which the IMF estimated in an earlier report at 9.4 % of GDP , or £ 130bn , after correcting an earlier figure of £ 200 bn .
Financial problems
At the heart of the crisis is the continuing overhang of losses in the financial sector , which the IMF now estimates at $ 4tn , four times higher than it projected just one year ago .
And it warns that the current outlook is " exceptionally uncertain , with risks still weighting on the downside . "
It says the main risk is that " policies may be insufficient to arrest the negative feedback between deteriorating financial conditions and weakening economies in the face of limited public support for policy actions . "
Developed economies such as Japan , the US and UK are in recession Among the risks are that rising household and corporate debt cause further falls in asset prices and losses by financial institutions .
And it says that any recovery will be slower than in the past .
There will be a smaller financial sector , with financing harder to come by than in the past , especially for developing countries , which will cramp their growth .
And rich countries will face the burden of reducing their budget deficits which have soared during the crisis , at a time when their ageing populations means they will have lower tax revenues .
In addition , households may be reluctant to resume their previous spending habits , as saving rates have risen sharply in the US and the UK .
The IMF says it is important to take urgent action to shore up the banks , and to continue with short - term fiscal stimulus plans , in order to shorten the length of the recession .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It 's hard not to look at an iPhone and wonder whether you could chuck your laptop and use it to do all your work instead .
After all , it offers e-mail , always - on Web access , and an ever increasing roster of applications , many of which have business use in mind .
Add in the fact that laptops are awkward to carry to meetings , and that their batteries never last as long as the work you need to do , and the appeal of replacing a laptop with an iPhone becomes readily apparent .
So in the spirit of finding out how far you can you go relying exclusively on an iPhone for work , I decided to spend a month using an iPhone 3G in place of my laptop wherever possible .
( Read about my similar BlackBerry Bold experiment . )
[ Which mobile device is the best ?
InfoWorld pits the BlackBerry versus the iPhone 3.0 in its mobile deathmatch .
|
Dive deep into the next - gen mobile devices in InfoWorld ’s PDF special report . |
Get the scoop on the new i Phone 3.0 OS . ]
Although the low likelihood of anyone ditching their laptop for an iPhone for work was confirmed , the results were somewhat surprising and definite affirmation that the iPhone ’s large screen , novel gesture - based interface , built - in browser , ability to run apps , and 3G and Wi-Fi networking are n’t just for fun and games anymore .
E-mail : Almost a desktop replacement
The iPhone 3 G ’s version 2 OS is much more attuned to business use than Apple ’s first attempt , now providing native Exchange support , as well as better security and management capabilities .
If you use Exchange server or IMAP ( to access your server folders ) , the iPhone ’s e-mail capabilities are quite good .
Coupled with the device 's far superior ease of connectivity when compared to my laptop , iPhone e-mail quickly transformed me into an e-mail addict in places not previously possible , such as during my bus - and - train commute and pretty much anywhere I was idle .
( As with the BlackBerry Bold , I had to consciously stop checking for messages to attend to other concerns , like my family . )
The iPhone ’s large screen also made e-mails easier to read because I did n’t have to scroll that often .
[ InfoWorld investigates :
Do the iPhone ’s management tools meet the needs of business users ? |
Find out how to deploy the iPhone in business in InfoWorld 's guide . ]
My main frustration with iPhone e-mail is that some senders ’
HTML message templates prevented me from zooming in .
And the iPhone does not let you rotate messages to landscape mode for closer or wider viewing , as I would have expected .
The iPhone ’s support of HTML in e-mails is great -- except when it gets in the way .
As with the BlackBerry Bold , data service did leave my hands idle at times , as I waited through connectivity gaps in the train tunnels now nearly intolerable due to my newfound always - on addiction to messaging .
A trip to New York also alerted me to the difficulty of single - provider coverage , as I had no data service through a whole swath of southern Manhattan , from Wall Street to Chelsea .
( In the United States , the iPhone is available only through AT&T , whose coastal network coverage is inadequate . )
Switching from laptop to iPhone meant getting acquainted with the iPhone ’s on - screen touch keyboard .
At first , the touchpad proved hard to use , and I was constantly tapping the incorrect key .
And relying on the iPhone ’s autocorrect feature made for some wildly wrong substitutions .
Though you can turn this feature off , the iPhone does pay attention to your typing , adjusting its autocorrection over time accordingly , making it a valuable tool in the long run .
I also grew to like the iPhone ’s caps - lock function and its ability to display special keyboards for symbols and accented letters -- no finger contortions or shortcut memorization required .
So after all that buildup , the results are meaningless ?
Bank stocks may have been on a tear lately , but the government is still concerned about the fragility of banks .
And the new worry is that this latest effort to instill confidence may undermine it instead .
When the stress test was first conceived , it was never clear whether the results would be made public .
But within days of the government ’s announcing the test , lawyers inside the banks started to point out that , ahem , this may be material information , which means by law they have to disclose it to shareholders .
( The drama over whether the Treasury Department had prevented Bank of America from disclosing the problems at Merrill Lynch was an added nudge . )
Now the results are going to be disclosed next Monday , though how much information will be made public is still hazy .
Some senior Wall Street bankers say they are beginning to worry that the results could cause a run on the weakest banks , no matter how forcefully the government cautions the public that the results have nothing to do with the viability of the bank .
The broader sense of panic may have died down , but it ’s not dead .
“ I do n’t want to be alarmist , but I ’m worried next Monday could feel like September all over again , ” said a chief executive I spoke with late last week who runs one of the 19 banks that underwent a stress test .
Apparently Sarah Palin has allowed a peak into her plans for 2012 to become part of the public record .
Today at Halcro.com they have posted an email from a legislative leader that says , in part :
This was an email I received this morning from a legislative leader :
Here ’s the scoop on the Big Stim funding .
Until 24 hours before her press conference , the Governor was going to accept most everything , and reject a few items that we all pretty much agreed were not acceptable .
Most of the Big Stim money is really pretty benign and does not require unsustainable new permanent programs .
The issue became a big tug of war for control of the Gov between folks in state government and Sara PAC .
Sara PAC won , literally hours before the announcement was made .
Alaska was sacrificed again to the godless pagan illusions of her national ambitions .
I realize that Sarah Palin 's run at the Presidency is still quite a ways off but I also feel , as a Republican , that she is such a danger to our country that every mistake she makes should be noted for future use .
This appears to be one of those times and yet the only lead to Halcro 's article I could find was at Andrew Sullivan 's The Daily Dish .
To me this constitutes proof that she is willing to sell out the good people of Alaska for her own ends .
While many have made this charge it has been done so without proof or her fingerprints .
I think the Democratic Party should be all over this especially in light of her being " Appalled " at Obama 's Special Olympics remark .
As a Republican who has voted for the past 32 years I found myself supporting Obama in the past election for many reasons not the least being the McCain / Palin ticket .... and the last 8 years but I really feel that Palin is the ticket to continue to pull Republicans over to Obama as so many of us are truly frightened at the thought of her in power .
I 've been waking up at 4 AM every morning for the past few months for some reason .
I do n't have to worry about how long it takes me to get ready .
I would have to say that this guy is n't ready for work by my standards .
No shower , he did n't fix his hair , I need to shave every morning , and he brushed his teeth before he ate ..
Do people actually do that ?
I find it makes my food taste like crap , and then my teeth are dirty again .
I usually just skip breakfast if I 'm running late .
Or I 'll just grab a piece of fruit .
Clothes Strictly Forbidden Nudist Hotel Planned in Germany
Clothes will be strictly forbidden on the premises of Germany 's first hotel for nudists , which will open shortly in the southwestern Black Forest region .
How To Submit Your Screenplay Query Letter To Agents
I ’ve started to receive a good number of emails from new writers with questions .
I ’ll be posting the email exchanges as I think other aspiring writer ’s can benefit from them .
If you have a question please let me know : info@sellingyourscreenplay.com
( Note : Please keep in mind that this is an informal email exchange so please pardon spelling and grammar mistakes ) .
Branden wrote :
My name is Branden and I have finished a screenplay that I spent a year and a half working on .
I ’m still not sure if agents or studio executives can believe that it will be a plausible story to be made but I ’m going to ask you what you think and if you think there ’s a way I can make it sound more interesting .
It ’s about a man named Mr. Lee Burrows , who is a middle school ancient history teacher obsessed with the Roman Empire .
While being a teacher , he is also the leader and founder of an underground dog fighting ring that he slowly turns into his own version of the Roman Coliseum .
Midway through the story , he gets a new next door neighbor who is the founder and leader of an extremist animal rights movement based on Keith Mann ’s animal rights movement in England .
We soon find out that this man is also a closeted child molester and begins to prey on the children of the town including one of Lee Burrow ’s students .
The story is a drama comedy and is hopefully breaking new ground in terms of its topics .
Ashley Scott Meyers responded :
Well …
I think it actually sounds pretty compelling .
You certainly have a lot going on in your story .
You should write up a query letter and a 1 page synopsis and start doing a test to see if you can find any interest .
Did you read my post about writing query letters ?
That ’s a good place to start .
Branden wrote :
Thank you for responding to my e-mail and the positive response to the story .
I have been reading most of your posts on your site and I think it ’s the best advice I ’ve read from anyone ’s website .
I have friends who write and I will refer them to your website too .
I have been reading the query letter section and how to get your screenplay to production companies and this is all helping .
I have written five drafts of my query letter so far and I sent out 15 so far to agents from the WGA website .
I have gotten no responses yet .
I see you say to send out 100’s and I will have to do that then .
I will also have to re-write my query letters because my loglines are like a synopsis because it ’s two paragraphs I take to tell them the story .
I read on another website you need one paragraph and I could n’t get my story to just one .
This could be why I ’m not getting responses or maybe it ’s because I have been writing to agencies that do n’t work with unpublished writers .
They used to have the agencies on the WGA website that tell you if they work with unpublished writers or not , but they changed it so now you do n’t know who you can or ca n’t write to .
Anyway , thank you so much for responding to my e-mail .
I may try to write to production companies too .
One question I have is , how important is it having the names of the agents in the letter ?
Some of the agencies I have found do n’t have agent ’s names .
Does it make a big difference ?
Ashley Scott Meyers wrote :
It sounds like you ’re doing many of the right things .
Before you spend a lot of time submitting to agents read my post “ How do you get an agent for your screenplay ?
( And why you do n’t need one ! ) “ .
15 letters is n’t enough to really get an idea if you ’re on the right track or not .
However my first impression is that you ’re probably not so take some time and go back to really hone your query letter , log line and synopsis .
Check out these posts :
You do need to pair your logline down to a sentence or two – less than a full paragraph .
And it should really be something that quickly piques the interest of the reader so that they want to read the full ( 1 page or less ) synopsis .
You ’re not trying to tell your entire story in a couple of sentences all you ’re trying to do is get people interested enough in your basic idea as to get them to read your short synopsis .
In my experience submitting to agents is far less fruitful than submitting directly to producers and production companies .
So the percentages I quote in my submitting your screenplay post might be a bit lower if you ’re submitting to agents .
I would n’t worry too much about trying to find agencies that supposedly will accept unsolicited material .
In my experience if you find that information it ’s often inaccurate and a lot of the companies who say they wo n’t , will and a lot of the companies who say they will , wo n’t .
So just pick some and submit .
If you can get a specific name to include on your query letter that should help tremendously .
I recommend calling the agency and talking to whomever answers the phone .
Ask them if there are any junior agents who are accepting new clients .
They ’ll probably say “ no ” but maybe not .
If they give you a name write it down and address your query to them or better yet try and pitch your idea right over the phone ( telemarketing skills required ! ) .
If you buy the HCD ’s Hollywood Representation Directory it will list actual names of people who work at the agencies and sometimes list their job title , too .
This can be a bit dicey , however , as it wo n’t always be clear exactly who are the junior literary agents but it might give you a bit of a clue .
I think even if you address it to the wrong person that ’s probably better than addressing it to no one .
In fact I think that could be why out of the 15 letters you sent you have n’t gotten anything back from any of them .
A letter addressed to no one probably was received by a receptionist and tossed away without even being considered .
Ashley
Ever since it became clear that running a P2P links site is not a crime in Spain , music anti-piracy group SGAE have threatened civil action .
Yesterday the admin of two P2P sites had a home visit by members of SGAE , who took advantage of the admin 's legal naivety and conducted a search of his property without a suitable warrant .
Allow us to introduce computer science student , Juan Jose Carrasco Colonel .
The 26 year - old resident of Bonar , Spain , lives with his parents and brother .
He also ran two eD2 k file - sharing link sites – Elitemula and Etmusica – which were recently shuttered after a court order was served on the site ’s host .
Yesterday things took a turn for the sinister .
At around 12:00 noon and after a sleepless night , Juan heard a knock at his door and upon answering it he saw five people standing there who gave no other explanation who they were , other than they were from the court .
They gave Juan documentation that he did n’t fully comprehend and gave him the impression that they had a warrant to enter his home and make an inspection of his computers and hard drives .
It appears they came looking for the stats from Elitemula and Etmusica which reflect the downloads of music made via links on those sites between September and December 2007 .
Juan explains , “ They entered my house and I called them to show them where the computers were in the house .
I showed them my personal laptop , but they insisted on seeing them all , including my brother ’s . ”
This was n’t enough for the unexpected visitors who proceeded to enter every room in the house and even opened up some cardboard boxes in Juan ’s bedroom which merely contained personal family belongings .
“ A man who identified himself as a ‘ computer expert ’ reviewed the contents of my personal computers and then tried to access my brother ’s computer , ” Juan explained .
However , since the laptop was password protected the ‘ expert ’ prompted Juan to provide the password , which he could n’t since he did n’t know it .
After a telephone call to Juan ’s brother which understandably worried him , he handed over the password which allowed the ‘ expert ’ to make a detailed investigation of the laptop .
They went on to examine several other hard drives .
After the five individuals had been inside for two hours , Juan finally managed to get lawyer David Bravo on the telephone who , along with Javier de la Cueva , recently defended P2P developer Pablo Soto .
David asked Juan to read out the order which supposedly allowed these individuals to enter his home and search it .
Over the telephone , David Bravo confirmed that the text of the order did not authorize entry to Juan ’s house or examination of hardware held there .
Understandably concerned , Juan asked David to demand that the five people in his home identify themselves .
The first man was a lawyer for Spanish music rights / anti-piracy group SGAE , the second a SGAE computer expert , another a clerk and others unidentified .
At this point David Bravo told Juan to order the individuals out of his home and demanded that they leave all of his property intact .
After a long conversation where the SGAE lawyer tried to convince that seizure of hard drives was allowed , David Bravo urged him to leave Juan ’s home immediately .
David Bravo gave Juan instructions on how to proceed and offered to appear before the courts as a witness to what had happened .
Javier de la Cueva , David ’s partner , told Torrent Freak that he will be representing Juan .
In the end the five left Juan ’s house and left the hard drives behind , although Juan voluntarily allowed them to take a laptop .
As soon as we have more on this story we will publish an update .
The initial results of our screen reader survey are now available – http://webaim.org/projects/screenreadersurvey/
With over 1100 responses ( thank you to all that participated ! ) , the data provides a load of useful information about screen reader user demographics and preferences .
Some of the results were about what we expected , but some of them very much surprised us .
We are already re-thinking some of our long - standing philosophies about alternative text – particularly for decorative - type images .
We understand that the survey design was not perfect and that this may not truly represent all screen reader users , but we believe the results can be very informative for developers wanting to create accessible web content .
Here ’s a small sampling of a few findings :
The most common screen readers used are JAWS ( 74 % ) , Window - Eyes ( 23 % ) , NVDA ( 8 % ) , and VoiceOver ( 6 % ) .
74.6 % of screen reader users upgrade to the newest version within one year .
12 % of respondents use a screen reader on a mobile phone .
76 % of users always or often navigating by headings .
36 % never or seldom use text - only versions of web pages .
71.5 % of screen reader users reported that Flash is very or somewhat difficult .
There is much , MUCH more to be learned about this diverse group of screen reader users at our survey results page .
If you have feedback or questions about the survey , please post them here .
We will be posting more in - depth analysis and details on the free - form text responses in the near future .
We anticipate doing more of these types of surveys – if you have recommendations or questions you would like answers to , please let us know .
Bicycle Maintenance Ebook
Online down - loadable Ebook for the average cyclist or the newly inspired bicycle mechanic apprentice .
Taking 10 Volts Straight to the Face
YouTube star plans to electrically copy expressions from one face to another
The Chilling Effect of IQ Taboos
William Saletan aptly summarizes the research on the genetic and environmental sources of variability in IQ scores .
It ’s refreshing to read someone so balanced on a topic where no one feels neutrally , and no one is dispassionate .
Having said this , one can quibble with his take on some of the evidence .
For example , the claim that the average sub-Saharan IQ is only 70 is based on two reviews that have been criticized .
Everything in this field gets criticized , of course , but this particular criticism is quite compelling .
I think the true sub -Saharan IQ is much closer to 85 , and one can begin to see that is not a bad IQ score for children living in austere rural conditions , with poor or nonexistent schools , heavy parasite infestation , and malnutrition .
I am not blaming Saletan , because his synopsis accurately reflects what those two reviews claim and what many intelligence researchers have parroted .
I am pointing out that the reviews are wrong .
My best guess is that the black - white gap in IQ has been converging in the U.S. by around 3 - 4 points and African IQs will show much larger gains as sub-Saharan countries experience modernization and the things that go with it ( e.g. , higher quality mandatory schooling ) .
James Watson may be the most illustrious scholar to have his career ended because of his reckless language on this topic , but he is far from alone , as proponents of racial differences in underlying intelligence have been physically threatened , censured and in a number of cases had their appointments revoked ( for examples , see Gottfredson , 2005 ; Ellis , 2001 ; Hunt , 1999 ) .
Watson opined that “ all our policies are based on the fact that their [ African ] intelligence is the same as ours whereas all the testing says not really , ” going on to state that although he hoped that everybody was equal , “ people who had to deal with black employees find this is not true . ”
He instantly plummeted from the A - list Nobelist to the outcast who was removed from his post as the Chancellor of Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory .
In the aftermath he was excoriated roundly in the media as well as in the corridors of the academy .
Saletan defends Watson on the grounds that the research supports his claim .
I have a very different worry : Namely , the fear of being labeled racist , the enmity of colleagues and students , and occasional reprimands that threaten advancement and tenure revocation , can be sufficient to muzzle those who do not accept racial equivalence in intelligence .
As Gottfredson ( 2005 ) remarked :
… the farther one goes into forbidden territory , the more numerous and more severe the sanctions become : first the looks of disapproval and occasional accusations of racism , then greater difficulty getting promoted , funding , or papers published , and eventually being shunned , persecuted , or fired .
( p. 159 )
I personally believe that IQ scores do not reflect the range of cognitive complexity captured by the label “ intelligence ” , and that any racial differences in IQ scores are due to differing ecological challenges faced by white and black Americans , not to genetic or other biological differences .
I also believe that current racial gaps in IQ scores can close over time ( and have been closing over time ) .
I am fortunate that these are my views because they are politically correct and garner me praise , speaking and writing invitations , and book adoptions at the same time those who disagree with me are demeaned , ostracized , and in some cases threatened with tenure revocation even though their science is as reasonable as mine .
Do n’t get me wrong , I think their positions are incorrect and I have relished aiming my pen at what I regard to be their leaps of logic and flawed analysis .
But they deeply believe that I am wrong .
The problem is that I can tell my side far more easily than they are permitted to tell theirs , through invitations to speak at meetings , to contribute chapters and articles , etc. .
This offends my sense of fairness and cannot be good for science .
I think Saletan would agree with me on this .
References
Ellis , F. ( 2001 ) , ‘ Race and IQ ’ , in Derek Jones , ed. , Censorship : A World Encyclopedia , vol 3 , Fitzroy Dearborn Publishers , 2008 - 2010 ) .
Gottfredson , L. S. ( 2005 ) Suppressing intelligence research .
In Destructive trends in mental health : the well - intentioned path to harm , ed. R. H. Wright & N. A. Cummings , pp. 155–86 .
Routledge .
Hunt , M. ( 1999 )
The new know - nothings :
The political foes of the scientific study of human nature .
Transaction Press .
We invite our customers to submit photos and video of themselves wearing our products .
We look for photos and video that best represent our products and label and best exemplify our motto " Swimsuits for the Uninhibited . "
If your photos or video are selected , you will receive a $ 100 gift certificate which can be redeemed at MalibuStrings.com .
Rules Models must be over 18 years of age .
By submitting pictures or other material to MalibuStrings.com you acknowledge acceptance of the site terms and conditions as outlined in our Terms of Use .
We reserve the right to reject submissions without further explanation .
Pictures that are not used will be deleted .
You are free to submit photos more than once .
You will receive $ 100 gift certificate each time your photos or video are selected .
Photo Guidelines
Our competition is dedicated to our customers who best exemplify our motto " Swimsuits for the Uninhibited . "
We are looking for photos taken in public at a beach or other tropical locale .
We prefer photography that is natural and not manufactured .
How to Send Your Photos
You can upload your files directly to us by using the Highttail.com box below or by sending us photos via WeTransfer.com .
After you upload your photos please e-mail us at [ email protected ] to confirm delivery of your photos and to give us the story to go along with the photos .
If you are unable to use the Hightail.com file upload service on our site , or send us photos via WeTransfer.com , you can email photos in JPG format to : [ email protected ] .
If you are e-mailing us photos , it is best to send photos a couple ( 5 or 6 ) at a time .
The image size should be at least 1200 x 800 pixels , the higher the quality of image the better .
Do not use high compression on your jpegs .
We are able to compress the photos and preserve the quality of the photo on our end .
We will post up to 100 pictures , so send as many high quality photos as possible .
We ask for a minimum of 10 - 15 photos for submission .
Also make sure to include a brief story about when and where the photos were taken and if you would like to post an e-mail address with your submission .
The majority of our contributors create special e-mail accounts for such a purpose .
Lastly , if you have a slow Internet connection , you can send your photos or video on a CD or DVD by mail to : Malibu String Bikini Company
21521 Blythe St
Canoga Park , CA 91304
USA
So what exactly am I doing on Capitol Hill ?
I ’m at a congressional briefing , which would n’t be entirely out of the ordinary , except that I ’m not taking notes and not planning to beat up on anyone .
I ’m the keynote speaker .
Yes , friends , the republic is in trouble .
I ’ve been asked here to share what I ’ve learned since meeting Nathaniel Anthony Ayers , a former Juilliard student who has taught me about this nation ’s triumphs and failures in helping those who battle mental illness and end up homeless .
Advertisement
I ’m well aware that Capitol Hill briefings are a dime a dozen and that public policy is not likely to be greatly influenced by my testimony .
But I was invited here by officials from the Corp. for Supportive Housing , the National Alliance on Mental Illness , the National Alliance to End Homelessness and other agencies .
My instinct was to decline the offer .
It ’s not in my nature as a journalist to become personally involved in a story .
But that struck me as too convenient an excuse for avoiding my civic duty .
There ’s a new administration now and stimulus money needing to be spent .
Maybe there ’s finally hope for more programs to help the Nathaniels of the world .
So here I am , Mr. Lopez goes to Washington , and just as I ’m beginning to experience an unwelcome sense of self - importance , I ’m told the actual congressional representatives are in recess and out of town .
Advertisement
What ?
You mean they skipped out just as I got here and sent their minions to hear me ?
I swallow my pride and look out on a few dozen congressional staffers , policy wonks and service providers .
I ’ve been given 15 minutes .
I confess to listeners that I ’m not the expert on housing and mental illness that my fellow panelists are , but I have a story .
I tell them about Mr. Ayers , who lost nearly everything at the age of 20 to schizophrenia .
By the time I met him four years ago , he had been living on the streets for decades , with little to keep him going but his love of music .
In helping him find a home at Lamp Community in Los Angeles , I learned firsthand how permanent supportive housing is not only the humane approach , but often the cost - effective one too .
Advertisement
Lamp has rescued hundreds of people from lives of despair and saved taxpayers the cost of churning them endlessly through emergency rooms , criminal courts and prisons .
The homeless population is growing across the country because of the recession and returning veterans who are physically and mentally wounded .
It ’s not that we do n’t know how to help them rebuild their lives , I tell my audience , but that we have n’t provided nearly enough support for alternative courts and for programs like Lamp .
And so vets sleep in Santa Monica parks , not far from abandoned VA barracks ; L.A. County Jail serves as a mental institution ; and there ’s a waiting list at Lamp and other agencies with good track records but limited funds .
On behalf of Mr. Ayers , I urge my audience to support a better way of dealing with society ’s neediest , then step aside so the professionals can speak .
Advertisement
Bob Carolla of the National Alliance on Mental Illness talks about how , while working as an aide to former Sen. George Mitchell ( D - Maine ) , he was overcome by debilitating depression and found himself in handcuffs near the Capitol .
“ No one is immune from mental illness , ” he says .
Hyacinth King , a business school graduate , tells how schizophrenia left her homeless until Project HOME in Philadelphia gave her back her life , including a job as both an advocate and computer specialist , and a home with enough support services to help her thrive .
Deborah DeSantis , chief executive of the Corp. for Supportive Housing , lists a number of cities that have reduced homeless populations and asks congressional staffers to go back to their bosses and tell them how it was done .
Advertisement
“ Study after study shows we ’re going to save money by putting people into permanent supportive housing , ” she says .
DeSantis and other speakers have a specific request :
They want a budget allocation of $ 2.2 billion this year in the Housing and Urban Development Department ’s McKinney - Vento grants .
That would be an increase of about $ 500 million over this year ’s funding , and it would pay for 15,000 new supportive housing units .
They also are arguing for $ 120 million to support programs that help keep formerly homeless people from ending up back on the pavement .
And what are the chances these pleas will be answered ?
Advertisement
Gil Duran , a spokesman for Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D - Calif. ) , tells me the senator “ supports these programs ” and “ will continue to work to ensure that California cities get the help they need . ”
But it remains to be seen whether President Obama ’s budget will include the necessary funds .
A staffer for Rep. Henry Waxman ( D - Beverly Hills ) tells me that given the current fiscal crisis , it would help convince doubters in Congress if there were more hard evidence that supportive housing can save money over the long term .
I leave it to one of my fellow panel members to make that case .
Sister Mary Scullion of Philadelphia is convinced beyond a doubt that with a combination of public investment and private support , investing in permanent supportive housing is humane and cost - effective .
The last time I visited Sister Mary in Philadelphia , she took me to a formerly devastated neighborhood that has been rebuilt by Project HOME , which she co-founded two decades ago .
When I asked who did all the work , Sister Mary said , “ our people , ” meaning formerly homeless , mentally ill people who were given homes and jobs rebuilding the neighborhood .
Advertisement
Sister Mary is the last speaker at the Capitol Hill briefing and no doubt the most compelling .
If Congress can find $ 80 billion to bail out the inept insurance giant AIG , she says , surely it can come up with $ 2.2 billion for supportive housing .
As for the request for $ 120 million in support services , Scullion adds , that was roughly what AIG paid in executive bonuses .
“ I ’m not kidding , ” Sister Mary says as I scribble in my notebook , happy to be back on the other side of the podium .
--
Advertisement
steve.lopez@latimes.com
Glass Fire Update : Weary Firefighters Battle Flames Near Angwin ; Fire Weather Warning Issued ; Winds , Soaring Temperatures
In Forecast The Glass Fire grew to more than 46,600 acres as flames roared through the steep , rugged canyons near Angwin early Wednesday while an army of weary firefighters , on the brink from exhaustion nearly two months of intense firefights in Northern California , battled to keep the blaze from spilling over Highway 29 .
' That Was Quite The Sharp Jolt ' ; Early Morning Quake Jolts Berkeley Residents AwakeA 2.7 magnitude earthquake on the Hayward Fault in the Berkeley Hills early Wednesday delivered a wake - up call to local residents but caused no damage .
Glass Fire Update : Cal Fire Expands Evacuation Order For Area West Of State Routes 29 And 128 In Napa CountyCal Fire on Tuesday night issued an immediate evacuation order in Napa County for all areas west of State Routes 29 and 128 ( Foothill Boulevard ) to the county line , between Diamond Mountain Road and Petrified Forest Road .
Suspect Arrested For Shooting Up Petaluma Motel RoomsA 52 - year - old Lodi man has been arrested after he allegedly riddled his Petaluma motel room with bullet holes , authorities said early Wednesday .
Glass Fire Update : ' Fire Fatigue ' Is A Real Thing For People Living Under Constant Threat Of EvacuationsFor all the talk of Sonoma Strong , Wine Country Strong , residents here say the fatigue of the fires is real .
Glass Fire Update : Roads Closed , Outages , Foul Air : Wine Country Businesses Spared By Flames Suffer Huge Economic HitThe Glass Fire in Napa County is having a profound impact on local wineries and those who depend on the visitors they attract .
Some have been devastated by it , while most have been untouched .
Still , everyone is being affected by it .
Reopening : Indoor Dining At 25 Percent Capacity Can Resume
In San FranciscoSan
Francisco became the first county to move to the state ’s orange tier , meaning restaurants and other indoor businesses can reopen with restrictions .
Zogg Fire Update : Deadly Blaze In Shasta And Tehama Counties Grows To Over 50,000 AcresThe Zogg Fire in Shasta and Tehama counties continued to grow overnight , topping 40,000 acres as of Tuesday morning , according to authorities .
Parents Question Plan For In - Person Classes In Open Letter To Palo Alto School DistrictIn advance of Tuesday ’s vote by the Palo Alto Unified School District to resume in - person classes , district leaders have received an open letter signed by hundreds of parents , and also the results of a new parent - led survey .
How Heroku Works
This is a high - level , technical description of how Heroku works .
It ties together many of the concepts you ’ll encounter while writing , configuring , deploying and running applications on the Heroku platform .
Performing one of the Getting Started tutorials will make the concepts in this documentation more concrete .
Read this document sequentially : in order to tell a coherent story , it incrementally unveils and refines the concepts describing the platform .
The final section ties all the definitions together , providing a deploy - time and runtime - view of Heroku .
Defining an application
Heroku lets you deploy , run and manage applications written in Ruby , Node.js , Java , Python , Clojure , Scala , Go and PHP .
An application is a collection of source code written in one of these languages , perhaps a framework , and some dependency description that instructs a build system as to which additional dependencies are needed in order to build and run the application .
Terminology ( Preliminary ) : Applications consist of your source code and a description of any dependencies .
Dependency mechanisms vary across languages : in Ruby you use a Gemfile , in Python a requirements .
txt , in Node .js a package .
json , in Java a pom.xml and so on .
The source code for your application , together with the dependency file , should provide enough information for the Heroku platform to build your application , to produce something that can be executed .
Knowing what to execute
You do n’t need to make many changes to an application in order to run it on Heroku .
One requirement is informing the platform as to which parts of your application are runnable .
If you ’re using some established framework , Heroku can figure it out .
For example , in Ruby on Rails , it ’s typically rails server , in Django it ’s python < app >/ manage .py runserver and in Node.js it ’s the main field in package .
json .
Terminology : Procfiles list process types - named commands that you may want executed .
For other applications , you may need to explicitly declare what can be executed .
You do this in a text file that accompanies your source code - a Procfile .
Each line declares a process type - a named command that can be executed against your built application .
For example , your Procfile may look like this :
web : java - jar lib / foobar .jar $ PORT queue : java - jar lib/ queue-processor.jar
This file declares a web process type and provides the command that needs to be executed in order to run it ( in this case , java - jar lib / foobar . jar $ PORT ) .
It also declares a queue process type , and its corresponding command .
The earlier definition of an application can now be refined to include this single additional Procfile .
Terminology : Applications consist of your source code , a description of any dependencies , and a Procfile .
Heroku is a polyglot platform – it lets you build , run and scale applications in a similar manner across all the languages – utilizing the dependencies and Procfile .
The Procfile exposes an architectural aspect of your application ( in the above example there are two entry points to the application ) and this architecture lets you , for example , scale each part independently .
An excellent guide to architecture principles that work well for applications running on Heroku can be found in Architecting Applications for Heroku .
Deploying applications
Git is a powerful , distributed version control system that many developers use to manage and version source code .
The Heroku platform uses
Git as the primary means for deploying applications ( there are other ways to transport your source code to Heroku , including via an API ) .
When you create an application on Heroku , it associates a new Git remote , typically named heroku , with the local Git repository for your application .
As a result , deploying code is just the familiar git push , but to the heroku remote instead :
$ git push heroku master
Terminology : Deploying applications involves sending the application to Heroku using either Git , GitHub , or via an API .
There are many other ways of deploying applications too .
For example , you can enable GitHub integration so that each new pull request is associated with its own new application , which enables all sorts of continuous integration scenarios .
Or you can use the Heroku API to build and release apps .
Deployment then , is about moving your application from your local system to Heroku - and Heroku provides several ways in which apps can be deployed .
Building applications
When the Heroku platform receives the application source , it initiates a build of the source application .
The build mechanism is typically language specific , but follows the same pattern , typically retrieving the specified dependencies , and creating any necessary assets ( whether as simple as processing style sheets or as complex as compiling code ) .
Advanced : Buildpacks lie behind the slug compilation process .
Buildpacks take your application , its dependencies , and the language runtime , and produce slugs .
They ’re open source - enabling you to extend Heroku to other languages and frameworks .
For example , when the build system receives a Rails application , it may fetch all the dependencies specified in the Gemfile , as well as generate files based on the asset pipeline .
A Java application may fetch binary library dependencies using Maven , compile the source code together with those libraries , and produce a JAR file to execute .
The source code for your application , together with the fetched dependencies and output of the build phase such as generated assets or compiled code , as well as the language and framework , are assembled into a slug .
Terminology : A slug is a bundle of your source , fetched dependencies , the language runtime , and compiled / generated output of the build system - ready for execution .
These slugs are a fundamental aspect of what happens during application execution - they contain your compiled , assembled application - ready to run - together with the instructions ( the Procfile ) of what you may want to execute .
Running applications on dynos
Heroku executes applications by running a command you specified in the Procfile , on a dyno that ’s been preloaded with your prepared slug ( in fact , with your release , which extends your slug and a few items not yet defined : config vars and add - ons ) .
Think of a running dyno as a lightweight , secure , virtualized Unix container that contains your application slug in its file system .
Terminology : Dynos are isolated , virtualized Unix containers , that provide the environment required to run an application .
Generally , if you deploy an application for the first time , Heroku will run 1 web dyno automatically .
In other words , it will boot a dyno , load it with your slug , and execute the command you ’ve associated with the web process type in your Procfile .
You have control over how many dynos are running at any given time .
Given the Procfile example earlier , you can start 5 dynos , 3 for the web and 2 for the queue process types , as follows :
$ heroku ps:scale web=3 queue=2
When you deploy a new version of an application , all of the currently executing dynos are killed , and new ones ( with the new release ) are started to replace them - preserving the existing dyno formation .
Terminology : Your application ’s dyno formation is the total number of currently - executing dynos , divided between the various process types you have scaled .
To understand what ’s executing , you just need to know what dynos are running which process types :
$ heroku ps == web : ' java lib/foobar.jar $ PORT ' web.1 : up 2013/02/07 18:59:17 ( ~ 13 m ago ) web.2 : up 2013/02/07 18:52:08 ( ~ 20 m ago ) web.3 : up 2013/02/07 18:31:14 ( ~ 41 m ago ) == queue : `java lib/ queue-processor.jar` queue.1 : up 2013/02/07 18:40:48 ( ~ 32 m ago ) queue .2 : up 2013/02/07 18:40:48 ( ~ 32 m ago )
Dynos then , are an important means of scaling your application .
In this example , the application is well architected to allow for the independent scaling of web and queue worker dynos .
Config vars
An application ’s configuration is everything that is likely to vary between environments ( staging , production , developer environments , etc. ) .
This includes backing services such as databases , credentials , or environment variables that provide some specific information to your application .
Heroku lets you run your application with a customizable configuration - the configuration sits outside of your application code and can be changed independently of it .
The configuration for an application is stored in config vars .
For example , here ’s how to configure an encryption key for an application :
$ heroku config:set ENCRYPTION_KEY=my_secret_launch_codes
Adding config vars and restarting demoapp ... done , v14 ENCRYPTION_KEY : my_secret_launch_codes
Terminology : Config vars contain customizable configuration data that can be changed independently of your source code .
The configuration is exposed to a running application via environment variables .
At runtime , all of the config vars are exposed as environment variables - so they can be easily extracted programmatically .
A Ruby application deployed with the above config var can access it by calling ENV[ " ENCRYPTION_KEY " ] .
All dynos in an application will have access to the exact same set of config vars at runtime .
Releases
Earlier , this article stated that to run your application on a dyno , the Heroku platform loaded the dyno with your most recent slug .
This needs to be refined : in fact it loads it with the slug and any config variables you have assigned to the application .
The combination of slug and configuration is called a release .
Terminology ( Preliminary ) : Releases are an append - only ledger of slugs and config vars .
All releases are automatically persisted in an append - only ledger , making managing your application , and different releases , a cinch .
Use the heroku releases command to see the audit trail of release deploys :
$ heroku releases == demoapp Releases v103 Deploy 582fc95 jon@heroku.com
2013/01/31 12:15:35 v102 Deploy 990d916 jon@heroku.com
2013/01/31 12:01:12
The number next to the deploy message , for example 582fc95 , corresponds to the commit hash of the repository you deployed to Heroku .
Every time you deploy a new version of an application , a new slug is created and release is generated .
As Heroku contains a store of the previous releases of your application , it ’s very easy to rollback and deploy a previous release :
$ heroku releases : rollback v102 Rolling back demoapp ... done , v102 $ heroku releases == demoapp Releases v104 Rollback to v102 jon@heroku.com 2013/01/31 14:11:33 ( ~15s ago ) v103 Deploy 582fc95 jon@heroku.com
2013/01/31 12:15:35 v102 Deploy 990d916 jon@heroku.com
2013/01/31 12:01:12
Making a material change to your application , whether it ’s changing the source or configuration , results in a new release being created .
A release then , is the mechanism behind how Heroku lets you modify the configuration of your application ( the config vars ) independently of the application source ( stored in the slug ) - the release binds them together .
Whenever you change a set of config vars associated with your application , a new release will be generated .
Dyno manager
Part of the Heroku platform , the dyno manager , is responsible for keeping dynos running .
For example , dynos are cycled at least once per day , or whenever the dyno manager detects a fault in the running application ( such as out of memory exceptions ) or problems with the underlying hardware that requires the dyno be moved to a new physical location .
Terminology :
The dyno manager of the Heroku platform is responsible for managing dynos across all applications running on Heroku .
This dyno cycling happens transparently and automatically on a regular basis , and is logged .
Terminology : Applications that use the free dyno type will sleep .
When a sleeping application receives HTTP traffic , it will be awakened - causing a delay of a few seconds .
Using one of the other dyno types will avoid sleeping .
Because Heroku manages and runs applications , there ’s no need to manage operating systems or other internal system configuration .
One - off dynos can be run with their input / output attached to your local terminal .
These can also be used to carry out admin tasks that modify the state of shared resources , for example database configuration - perhaps periodically through a scheduler .
Terminology : One - off
Dynos are temporary dynos that can run with their input / output attached to your local terminal .
They ’re loaded with your latest release .
Here ’s the simplest way to create and attach to a one - off dyno :
$ heroku run bash Running `bash` attached to terminal ... up , run .8963 ~ $ ls
This will spin up a new dyno , loaded with your release , and then run the bash command - which will provide you with a Unix shell ( remember that dynos are effectively isolated virtualized Unix containers ) .
Once you ’ve terminated your session , or after a period of inactivity , the dyno will be removed .
Changes to the filesystem on one dyno are not propagated to other dynos and are not persisted across deploys and dyno restarts .
A better and more scalable approach is to use a shared resource such as a database or queue .
Terminology : Each dyno gets its own ephemeral filesystem - with a fresh copy of the most recent release .
It can be used as temporary scratchpad , but changes to the filesystem are not reflected to other dynos .
The ephemeral nature of the file system in a dyno can be demonstrated with the above command .
If you create a one - off dyno by running heroku run bash , the Unix shell on the dyno , and then create a file on that dyno , and then terminate your session - the change is lost .
All dynos , even those in the same application , are isolated - and after the session is terminated the dyno will be killed .
New dynos are always created from a slug , not from the state of other dynos .
Add-ons
Applications typically make use of add - ons to provide backing services such as databases , queueing & caching systems , storage , email services and more .
Add-ons are provided as services by Heroku and third parties - there ’s a large marketplace of add - ons you can choose from .
Heroku treats these add - ons as attached resources : provisioning an add - on is a matter of choosing one from the add - on marketplace , and attaching it to your application .
For example , here is how to add the Heroku Redis backing store add - on to an application :
$ heroku addons : create heroku-redis: hobby - dev
Dynos do not share file state , and so add - ons that provide some kind of storage are typically used as a means of communication between dynos in an application .
For example , Redis or Postgres could be used as the backing mechanism in a queue ; then dynos of the web process type can push job requests onto the queue , and dynos of the queue process type can pull jobs requests from the queue .
The add - on service provider is responsible for the service - and the interface to your application is often provided through a config var .
In this example , a REDIS_URL will be automatically added to your application when you provision the add-on .
You can write code that connects to the service through the URL , for example :
uri = URI.parse ( ENV [" REDIS_URL " ] ) REDIS = Redis.new ( : host => uri.host , : port => uri.port , : password => uri.password )
Terminology : Add-ons are third party , specialized , value - added cloud services that can be easily attached to an application , extending its functionality .
Add-ons are associated with an application , much like config vars - and so the earlier definition of a release needs to be refined .
A release of your applications is not just your slug and config vars ; it ’s your slug , config vars as well as the set of provisioned add - ons .
Terminology : Releases are an append - only ledger of slugs , config vars and add - ons .
Heroku maintains an append - only ledger of releases you make .
Much like config vars , whenever you add , remove or change an add - on , a new release is created .
Logging and monitoring
Heroku treats logs as streams of time - stamped events , and collates the stream of logs produced from all of the processes running in all dynos , and the Heroku platform components , into the Logplex - a high - performance , real - time system for log delivery .
It ’s easy to examine the logs across all the platform components and dynos :
$ heroku logs 2013-02- 11T15:19:10+00:00 heroku[ router ] : at =info method=GET
path=/articles/custom-domains host=mydemoapp.heroku.com fwd=74.58.173.188 dyno=web.1 queue=0 wait=0ms connect=0ms service=1452ms status=200 bytes=5783 2013-02-11T15:19:10+00:00 app[web.2 ] : Started GET " / " for 1.169.38.175 at 2013-02-11 15:19:10 +0000 2013-02-11T15:19:10+00:00 app[web.1 ] : Started GET " / " for 2.161.132.15 at 2013-02-11 15:20:10 +0000
Here you see 3 timestamped log entries , the first from Heroku ’s router , the last two from two dynos running the web process type .
Terminology : Logplex automatically collates log entries from all the running dynos of your app , as well as other components such as the routers , providing a single source of activity .
You can also dive into the logs from just a single dyno , and keep the channel open , listening for further events :
$ heroku logs -- ps web .
1 -- tail 2013-02-11T15:19:10+00:00 app[web.1 ] : Started GET " / " for 1.169.38.175 at 2013-02-11 15:19:10 +0000
Logplex keeps a limited buffer of log entries solely for performance reasons .
To persist them , and action events such as email notification on exception , use a Logging Add - on , which ties into log drains - an API for receiving the output from Logplex .
HTTP routing
Depending on your dyno formation , some of your dynos will be running the command associated with the web process type , and some will be running other commands associated with other process types .
The dynos that run process types named web are different in one way from all other dynos - they will receive HTTP traffic .
Heroku ’s HTTP routers distribute incoming requests for your application across your running web dynos .
So scaling an app ’s capacity to handle web traffic involves scaling the number of web dynos :
$ heroku ps: scale web+5
A random selection algorithm is used for HTTP request load balancing across web dynos - and this routing handles both HTTP and HTTPS traffic .
It also supports multiple simultaneous connections , as well as timeout handling .
Tying it all together
The concepts explained here can be divided into two buckets : those that involve the development and deployment of an application , and those that involve the runtime operation of the Heroku platform and the application after it ’s deployed .
The following two sections recapitulate the main components of the platform , separating them into these two buckets .
Deploy
Applications consist of your source code , a description of any dependencies , and a Procfile .
Procfiles list process types - named commands that you may want executed .
Deploying applications involves sending the application to Heroku using either Git , GitHub , or via an API .
Buildpacks lie behind the slug compilation process .
Buildpacks take your application , its dependencies , and the language runtime , and produce slugs .
A slug is a bundle of your source , fetched dependencies , the language runtime , and compiled / generated output of the build system - ready for execution .
Config vars contain customizable configuration data that can be changed independently of your source code .
The configuration is exposed to a running application via environment variables .
Add-ons are third party , specialized , value - added cloud services that can be easily attached to an application , extending its functionality .
A release is a combination of a slug ( your application ) , config vars and add - ons .
Heroku maintains an append - only ledger of releases you make .
Runtime
Dynos are isolated , virtualized Unix containers , that provide the environment required to run an application .
Your application ’s dyno formation is the total number of currently - executing dynos , divided between the various process types you have scaled .
The dyno manager is responsible for managing dynos across all applications running on Heroku .
Applications that use the free dyno type will sleep after 30 minutes of inactivity .
Scaling to multiple web dynos , or a different dyno type , will avoid this .
One - off
Dynos are temporary dynos that run with their input / output attached to your local terminal .
They ’re loaded with your latest release .
Each dyno gets its own ephemeral filesystem - with a fresh copy of the most recent release .
It can be used as temporary scratchpad , but changes to the filesystem are not reflected to other dynos .
Logplex automatically collates log entries from all the running dynos of your app , as well as other components such as the routers , providing a single source of activity .
Scaling an application involves varying the number of dynos of each process type .
Next steps
The new Acropolis Museum has opened right next door to the ancient Acropolis in Athens , Greece .
It is a wonder to see the magnificent contrast between the old and the new structures .
The Museum was designed by architect Bernard Tschumi , who used both natural light and movement elements in his design .
You will see the difference in materials that he used in building , ranging from the glass walls to marble .
The museum was built to hold the ancient archaeological findings related to the Acropolis Hill , spanning 2500 years and will include the expected return , from the British Museum , of the Elgin Marbles .
Bernard said that “ It is a museum inside the city , so we would like to be able to combine the most up - to - date technology and ancient materials ” .
The Acropolis Museum is expected to be fully opened for visitors in May , 2009 .
I hope you enjoy these pictures of the completed Acropolis Museum and are tempted to visit it one day .
On another note , you should try Corfu holidays , the place is located within country of Greece .
Disclaimer :
All the images are copyright of their respected owners and creators .
This post is about just to show their awesome works and inspiration to the world .
Please contact us if anyone want to remove their works .
Category : Arts and Culture , Featured
LDC 0.9.1
Downloads
Announcement
The release 0.9.1 of LDC , the LLVM based compiler for the D programming language , contains the following major improvements :
lots of bug fixes
x86 -64 support is mature
inline asm improved ( we now define D_Inline_Asm )
cross-compilation support
uses boehm - gc during compilation ( x86 -32 only )
D specific optimizations : turn GC allocations to allocas if possible simplify or remove certain calls to D runtime functions
The command line interface of LDC now has added options in line with other LLVM based tools .
Please use the ldmd wrapper if you want a drop - in replacement for DMD .
( 0.9.1 equals r1419 ; based on DMD v1.045 and LLVM 2.6svn rev 71386 )
I was an atheist before I heard the Cowboys released Terrell Owens .
Now I believe in God .
And here are the top fifteen reasons the Cowboys did it .
Oh T.O. , we hardly knew ye .
No wait , that ’s not right …
15 . Cowboys finally realized , “ Hey , is n’t he that guy who … ”
14 . Wanted to test Owens ’ suicide story .
13 . New stadium ran out of Popcorn .
12 . ‘ Straight Cash Homey ’ , oh wait , wrong Prima Donna .
11 . Heard Plaxico
Burress might be available , were looking for more ‘ street cred ’
10 .
Owens wanted to make his own team with Adam “ Pac - Man ” Jones and Michael Vick .
9. Jason Witten was tired of sharing Tony Romo ‘s love .
8. Owens is ready to start his illustrious NBA career .
7 . It was Ed Werder ’s Birthday .
6. Producers of ‘ Hard Knocks ’ wanted more drama .
5. Heard Redskins were out of cap space , wanted to see Dan Snyder have a ‘ hissy fit ’ .
4 . He signed up for the next season of Dancing with the Stars .
3 . He went Bitch on them
2. Roy Williams is just as good at dropping passes
1. Jerry Jones entered a crazy contest .
Your move Al Davis .
Want more T.O. goodness ?
Check out Over / Under with Terrell Owens .
New player promotion
All players who register a Real Money account at Platinum Play will receive a New Player Bonus of $ /€800 on each of their first three deposits .
Monthly casino promotions
Platinum Play makes sure that its players are entertained and rewarded all year round by offering them monthly promotions .
These promotions include the opportunity to win cash prizes such as Free Spins and deposit matches , as well as real - world prizes such as cruises and cars .
Luciano Rios , 30 , of Croydon , has been charged with homicide by vehicle and related offenses for a destructive night of driving that began to take its toll when a 49 - year - old man tried to cross Erie Avenue about 20 feet away from its intersection with 20th Street , police said .
Associate Professor Tom Waite and doctoral candidate Anthony D'Orazio .
Photo courtesy of Ohio State University .
Photographer Jo McCulty .
According to most biological theories of evolution , individual members of a group tend to gravitate towards specialist tasks .
These models describe some societies very well , such as ant and bee colonies where distinct worker and soldier classes exist and individuals are either one or the other , but not both .
These classes serve the ongoing survival of the society .
However , new research by scientists at Ohio State University suggests that societal duties do not need to be assigned by a division of labour ( DoL ) where every individual has a specific role .
Researchers Anthony D'Orazio and Tom Waite argue that generalists have a definite role to play and that this holds true for environments as varied as a single cell , an ocean colony of sea anemones or even a small cookie business .
The research appears online in the Journal of Theoretical Biology .
D'Orazio and Waite initially became interested in DoL models as they tried to understand a colony of sea anemones that conventional DoL models do not describe well .
The anemones are members of a clonal aggregation , which means that each member is genetically identical to the next .
Despite this , the brainless sea anemones exhibit two distinct behaviours — they are either warriors or reproducers — and surprisingly , conventional DoL models can not predict when each type of behaviour will occur .
They also cannot account for the observed fact that the anemones can switch roles , sometimes seemingly randomly .
D'Orazio said , " Sea anemones are simple , and yet we see complex behaviour with them .
If you put them in a lab , sometimes they attack , sometimes they do n't .
Sometimes they attack and run away .
Sometimes they do nothing but attack .
Sometimes they get attacked and do n't defend themselves .
For something that you would think would be so simple , it 's much more complex .
Behaviour can't be predicted even in this one group . "
The model developed by D'Orazio and Waite relaxed two assumptions of existing DoL theory :
The inefficiency of a worker , who is not specialised to the task , was made less costly ;
Generalists were allowed to make mistakes without substantial penalty .
By relaxing the first assumption , the researchers showed that generalists , despite paying some extra costs , can coexist with specialists .
Relaxing the second assumption showed that this coexistence can hold even when generalists often perform the wrong task .
They conclude that error - prone generalists persist most commonly in situations in which their mistakes do little to jeopardize group success .
The researchers based their model on the way wasps construct nests .
Successful construction depends on the completion of two separate tasks : water or pulp collection ( task one ) , and nest building ( task two ) .
Each task is either completed by a specialist or a generalist , with task one needing to be completed before task two can begin — you can't build a nest without material .
In the model , a group is successful if at least one agent completes task one and another completes task two .
The completion of the task influences the fitness of the individuals — a factor determining how well they reproduce and pass on their type to the next generation .
Successful completion of a task increases the fitness of an agent by conveying a benefit b , whilst there is a cost c associated with undertaking a task .
Specialists always complete their tasks but pay a small cost in doing so depending on the task , whilst generalists pay an extra cost Δ on top of this .
Generalists flexibly decide which job to do , although they only decide the correct task to do part of the time .
This brings about an additional cost and is included as an extra factor ζ.
In discrete time , the frequency p of agent type i in the next generation t+1 , with fitness ω , is given by :
Fitness is defined as :
where Δ equals zero for specialists , and for generalists is a value between one and zero .
ζ equals one for specialists and is less than one for generalists , where zero represents when generalists always make the wrong decision .
A group of agents with a low fitness level leads to a smaller population of that agent relative to the whole population at the next generation .
The researches ran this equation for each agent type through to equilibrium points at which the number of individuals with each role had stabilized , or the society had died out .
They found that incomplete DoL can emerge in societies even when generalists make mistakes and pay extra costs for their multitasking capacity .
" What this modelling showed me is that there are conditions under which it actually helps to have some generalists , especially for fairly small groups , some individuals that you might think of as Jacks - or Jills - of - all - trades or multitaskers , " said Waite .
" You might actually have to pay them more and they might often do the wrong task , but if you do n't have them , this whole notion of specialisation leading to greater economic productivity might actually be wrong . "
The researchers use the example of a small cookie business to illustrate the point that specialisation does not necessarily lead to greater economic success .
Imagine that a business employs three workers who are all specialists - two cookie makers and one cookie seller .
If the seller happens to be sick , the business must shut down for the day as the other employees can not undertake the seller role .
To solve this problem , the business could hire a fourth person , but that could be quite expensive and they may find their role redundant .
Another possibility is to keep the three employees but train one of them in both tasks .
In this scenario , you may lose some time and money when training them , and they may make some mistakes in completing both roles , but you safeguard yourself against the situation where one specialist is incapable of performing its role .
These results go against some long held beliefs , even going back to Greek philosopher Plato , who argued that societies require specialisation to be productive and efficient .
However , D'Orazio thinks that , at least for biological purposes , the new model will set a standard for future work .
Over the last several years the patent allowance rate has fallen from about 70 % of applications becoming patents to a low of 42 % of patent applications becoming issued patents .
During this same time the Patent Office has continued to proclaim that quality has risen , which everyone in the industry knows to be false .
The real tragedy is that the Supreme Court was supposed to have solved the problem of stupid patents with its decision in KSR v. Teleflex .
I am not a fan of the Supreme Court ’s ruling because obviousness is now based on common sense , which means we might as well be back to the requirement that an invention display a “ flash of creative genius , ” which was specifically legislated out of the patent laws in 1952 .
But if the Patent Office really has achieved unprecedented quality , and the Supreme Court has staked the deck against those inventions that are just ordinary , uninspired and not new , then we should not have stupid patents issued any more , right ?
Think again !
At a time when many start - up companies cannot get patents issued and are unable to attract investors , not much has changed on the silly invention front .
From time to time it is fun to take a look at some issued U.S. patents and consider what , if any , effect the Supreme Court ’s decision in KSR v. Teleflex has on what the Patent Office is now issuing .
At least as far as the Patent Office is concerned the uproar surrounding the KSR decision seems to be much ado about nothing , or perhaps I should say insofar as silly patents are concerned KSR and alleged quality reforms at the USPTO has done little regarding silly patents .
Take this patent , U.S. Patent No. 7,263.754 , for example , which issued on September 4 , 2007 .
It is for a Truck sleeper , which covers a method for making a longer truck sleeper unit .
Then there is the upright vacuum cleaner , US Patent No. 7,313,845 , which issued on January 1 , 2008 .
Put aside for the moment that while we were all recovering from holiday celebrations that the Patent Office issued a patent on a national holiday .
How is this invention not within the common sense of , well everyone ?
If you read the patent and dissect the claims it seems that the inventive contribution to the field is that this particular vacuum cleaner has 2 power switches .
How about garments having inside out appearance , US Patent No. 7,350,242 , which issued April 1 , 2008 .
Yes , that is April Fools Day in 2008 .
You just ca n’t make this stuff up !
Reality is far stranger than fiction could ever dream .
What about a food container and bib , US Patent No. 7,360,256 , which issued April 22 , 2008 .
One of my personal favorites is a carry - out food container , US Patent No. 7,451,889 , which was issued on November 28 , 2008 .
It seems the innovation here is that the piece of wax paper is pre-attached to the container .
So if you take a well known carry - out food container and attach a piece of wax paper you could be infringing .
This is offensive beyond words , particularly given that real innovations and inventions are held hostage at the Patent Office and never receive patents .
Another personal favorite of mine is the finger mounted insect dissuasion device and method of use , US Patent No. 7,484,328 , which issued on February 3 , 2009 .
In light of the Supreme Court ’s decision in KSR can anyone tell me how any of these are patentable ?
Are n’t all of them obvious ?
How is it possible that these are not within the common sense knowledge base of someone of skill in the art ?
How are these not obvious to try , which after many years of not being the appropriate test is unfortunately the test that the Board of Patent Appeals and Interferences applies .
I do n’t mean to beat up the Board , I think that they are right .
As a result of KSR the test should be is an invention obvious to try , and if it is then no patent should be awarded .
But why did n’t the Patent Office apply KSR or quality review in these cases ?
If these patents are awarded then patents should be awarded based on every application , otherwise there is an equal protection argument because similarly situated applicants are being treated differently , and that is unconstitutional .
does anyone agree that as cool as this is ummm at what point is it just a waste of money by google .... i swear google is like a REALLLLLLY rich child
NASA / ESA Hubble Space Telescope images of the three galaxies studied by a team of astronomers who try to understand how galaxies formed when the Universe was half its current age ( upper panels ) .
The same galaxies were then studied with the FLAMES / GIRAFFE instrument on ESO ’s Very Large Telescope ( VLT ) to probe the motions of gas in these objects ( lower panels ) .
Parts which are red are moving away from us , while those that are blue are moving towards us .
Distant galaxies once represented mere specks of light inthe sky .
But astronomers are now using Hubble and Europe 's Very Large Telescope ( VLT ) to obtain detailed 3 - D views of galaxies dating back as far as sixbillion years .
The HubbleSpace Telescope can scope out the structure of faraway galaxies , while the European Southern Observatory 's VLT can use a spectrograph to reveal themotions of galactic gases .
The combined 3 - D view of ancient galaxies halfwayacross the known universe allows astronomers to trace mass and orbitsrelatively accurately .
" This unique combination of Hubble and the VLTallows us to model distant galaxies almost as nicely as we can close ones , " said Francois Hammer , an astronomer with the Paris Observatory in Meudon , France .
An international team has targeted about one hundredremote galaxies for 3 - Dreconstruction , starting with results for three galaxies viewed by bothHubble and VLT 's spectrograph , also known as FLAMES / GIRAFFE .
One galaxy presented a mystery when FLAMES / GIRAFFEspotted its region of ionized gas , composed of atoms that have been stripped ofone or more electrons .
However , Hubble failed to detect any stars after 11 daysof peering at the region .
" Clearly this unusual galaxy has some hidden secrets , ? said Mathieu Puech , another astronomer at the Paris Observatory .
Computersimulations suggest that the super - heated region resulted from a collisionbetween two gas - rich spiral galaxies , making it too hot for stars to form .
A second galaxy has become enshrouded in dust , with areddish disc surrounding a bluish central region .
That could mark the firstexample of a disk rebuilt after a major galactic merger .
" The models indicate that gas and stars could bespiraling inwards rapidly , " Hammer noted .
The third galaxy contained a very blue , elongatedstructure made up of young , huge stars .
Such a result could have arisen from anunequalcollision between galaxies of different masses , according to simulations .
" The next step will then be to compare this withcloser galaxies , and so , piece together a picture of the evolution of galaxiesover the past six to eight billion years , that is , over half the age of the Universe , ?Hammer said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A man who lost his sight 30 years ago says he can now see flashes of light after being fitted with a bionic eye .
Ron , 73 , had the experimental surgery seven months ago at London 's Moorfield 's eye hospital .
He says he can now follow white lines on the road , and even sort socks , using the bionic eye , known as Argus II .
It uses a camera and video processor mounted on sunglasses to send captured images wirelessly to a tiny receiver on the outside of the eye .
My one ambition at the moment is to be able to go out on a nice , clear evening and be able to pick up the moon
Ron
In turn , the receiver passes on the data via a tiny cable to an array of electrodes which sit on the retina - the layer of specialised cells that normally respond to light found at the back of the eye .
When these electrodes are stimulated they send messages along the optic nerve to the brain , which is able to perceive patterns of light and dark spots corresponding to which electrodes have been stimulated .
The hope is that patients will learn to interpret the visual patterns produced into meaningful images .
The bionic eye has been developed by US company Second Sight .
So far 18 patients across the world , including three at Moorfields , have been fitted with the device .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme
It is designed to help people , like Ron , who have been made blind through retinitis pigmentosa , a group of inherited eye diseases that cause degeneration of the retina .
The disease progresses over a number of years , normally after people have been diagnosed when they are children .
It is estimated between 20,000 to 25,000 are affected in the UK .
Encouraging progress Ron , who has not revealed his surname , told the BBC : " For 30 years I 've seen absolutely nothing at all , it 's all been black , but now light is coming through .
Suddenly to be able to see light again is truly wonderful .
" I can actually sort out white socks , grey socks and black socks . "
" My one ambition at the moment is to be able to go out on a nice , clear evening and be able to pick up the moon . "
Ron 's wife Tracy is also hugely encouraged by the progress he has made .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
She said : " He can do a lot more now than he could before , doing the washing , being able to tell white from a coloured item .
" I 've taught him how to use the washing machine and away he goes .
It 's just the ironing next . "
Consultant retinal surgeon Lyndon da Cruz , who carried out Ron 's operation said the patients were starting to get meaningful visual stimuli from the technology .
He said : " We are very encouraged by the trial 's progress so far .
" The implants have been stable and functioning for six months , with consistent visual perceptions generated by the device .
" The trial remains inspiring in terms of presenting a very real and tangible step forward in treating patients with total vision loss .
" But with more than two years of the trial left to run , these are early days and continued testing will be crucial in determining the success of the new technology . "
Gregoire Cosendai , of Second Sight , is convinced the technology will prove to be invaluable - but also admits there is still much work to be done .
He said : " We are trying to see what level of vision we can provide with this .
" Theoretically , the people should be able to have reasonably good level of vision .
" We are not there yet , but what we are trying to see how best they can use it in their normal life . " •
Ron 's progress will be featured on a BBC Inside Out documentary in the London area at 1930 GMT on 4 March .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Stocks snapped a five - day losing skid as hopes for a new stimulus package in China prompted traders to buy industrial and commodities stocks .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 149.82 points , or 2.2 % , to end at 6875.84 .
Caterpillar , a major exporter to China , surged 13 % and Alcoa climbed 13 % .
Chevron and Exxon Mobil climbed as crude - oil prices settled above $ 45 a barrel .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 Index rose 16.53 , or 2.4 % , to 712.86 , as its energy and basic - materials sectors jumped .
Analyst ...
In Richmond , VA at Washington and Lee University , a missing library book entitled " History of the War in the Peninsula and in the South of France From the Year 1807 to the Year 1814 , " that was stolen during the Civil War , was returned , nearly 145 years after it was stolen .
The 1842 book was originally taken when Union soldier C. S. Gates snatched the book in 1864 .
The theft occurred when the Army of West Virginia troops raided the college and looted items from the school and surrounding area .
At some point , Gates had written inside of the book " This book was taken from the Military Institute at Lexington Virginia in June 1864 when General Hunter was on his Lynchburg raid .
The Institution was burned by the order of General Hunter .
The remains of General Stonewall Jackson rest in the cemetery at this place . "
Confederate General Robert E. Lee later became the president of Washington College after the war ended in 1865 and the school was renamed Washington and Lee University .
The book was returned by Mike Dau of Illinois , who had inherited the book through an estate of his former college friends that were somehow related to Gates .
It 's a good thing the library did n't charge an overdue book fee .
In the late 1990s Kim brought a team of Italian pizza chefs to North Korea to instruct his army officers how to make pizza , a luxury which is now being offered to a tiny elite able to afford such luxuries in a country that cannot feed many of its 24 million inhabitants .
By Jonathan Blake
BBC News , New York
Mr Clinton said the changes should be a model for other buildings
One of the world 's most famous skyscrapers - the Empire State building in New York - is going green .
A project is underway to reduce the amount of energy used in the building by more than a third , saving millions of dollars a year .
This green makeover is part of a $ 500 m ( £ 340 m ) refit which the building 's owners hope will attract bigger companies paying higher rents .
Former President Bill Clinton 's Climate Initiative has helped fund the project .
Mr Clinton and New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg say the changes should be a model for other buildings around the world to follow .
Some 13,000 people use the Empire State Building every day - including the many visitors to the world famous landmark 's observatory .
The work will include a layer of film added to each of the 102 - storey building 's 6,500 windows , insulation behind radiators and improved lighting , ventilation and air conditioning .
People working in the building will be able to use the internet to monitor how much energy is being used , and where .
The plan is to cut the amount of energy used by 38 % per year , saving $ 4.4 m .
Apollo Ariane Ariane 5 Arianespace Atlas V Cassini Crew Dragon CRS Cygnus Dawn Delta II Dragon Enceladus ESA Falcon 9 HST ICESat - 2 ISS JAXA JPL Jupiter JWST LEO LRO Mars Mars - 2020 Moon NASA News Orbital Orbital Sciences Orion Progress Roscosmos Rosetta Saturn SDO Soyuz SpaceX Sun TESS Tethys Titan ULA Vega Astronomy ( 267 )
Book Reviews ( 7 )
Cassini Images ( 76 )
Earth Science ( 97 )
Events ( 15 )
International Space Station ( 140 )
Launchers ( 215 )
Lunar Explorers ( 40 )
Maintenance ( 1 )
Mars Explorers ( 66 )
Microsatellites ( 12 )
Not Just Science ( 4 )
Q&A ( 11 )
Robotic Exploration ( 231 )
Robotics ( 27 )
School Ain't Over ( 69 )
SciFi Movie Plots ( 1 )
Space Elevator ( 1 )
Space Exploration ( 559 )
Space Telescopes ( 98 )
Space Tourism ( 3 )
Spacecraft Design ( 158 )
Supply Chain ( 2 )
Sustainability ( 27 )
The Best Of ( 62 )
True North Strong ( 13 )
Videos ( 1,307 )
WP Cumulus Flash tag cloud by Roy Tanck requires Flash Player 9 or better .
Die " Allianz der deutschen Wissenschaftsorganisationen " , der unter anderem die Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft ( DFG ) , die Max - Planck - Gesellschaft ( MPG ) , die Leibniz - Gemeinschaft ( WGL ) und der Deutsche Akademische Austauschdienst ( DAAD ) angehören , hat die von Schriftstellern und Verlagen vorgebrachte Kritik an ihren Open - Access - Bestrebungen scharf zurückgewiesen .
In einem Anfang der Woche veröffentlichten " Heidelberger Appell für Publikationsfreiheit und die Wahrung der Urheberrechte " hatten Autoren und Verlage gefordert , dass das " für Literatur , Kunst und Wissenschaft fundamentale Urheberrecht " künftig stärker geschützt werden müsse – wobei sich die Kritik insbesondere an Internet - Plattformen wie Google Books und YouTube richtete , wo nach Ansicht der Unterzeichner urheberrechtlich geschützte Werke und geistiges Eigentum " in ungeahntem Umfang und ohne strafrechtliche Konsequenzen " illegal veröffentlicht werden .
Der Allianz der deutschen Wissenschaftsorganisationen warfen die Verfasser aber im gleichen Atemzug vor , sie propagiere in Deutschland " weitreichende Eingriffe in die Presse - und Publikationsfreiheit , deren Folgen grundgesetzwidrig wären " .
Konkret geht es hier um die Initiative " Digitale Information " , in deren Rahmen die Spitzenorganisationen der Wissenschaft ihre Aktivitäten im Bereich der wissenschaftlichen Informationssysteme bis zum Jahr 2012 besser koordinieren und ausbauen wollen .
Die " Allianz " macht sich dabei unter anderem für den Open - Access - Gedanken stark , der das Ziel verfolgt , " das weltweite Wissen in digitaler Form ohne finanzielle , technische oder rechtliche Barrieren zugänglich zu machen " .
So soll etwa das bisherige wissenschaftliche Publikationswesen teilweise auf entgeltfrei nutzbare Open - Access - Zeitschriften umgestellt werden .
Während die Allianz der Wissenschaftsorganisationen argumentiert , dies gelte ausschließlich für Forschungsergebnisse , die durch den Einsatz öffentlicher Mittel und damit zum Nutzen der Forschung und Gesellschaft insgesamt erarbeitet wurden , sehen die Unterzeichner des Heidelberger Appells darin eine " Untergrabung des Grundrechts der Freiheit von Forschung und Lehre " , die nicht hingenommen werden könne .
Es müsse auch künftig " der Entscheidung von Schriftstellern , Künstlern , Wissenschaftlern , kurz : allen Kreativen freigestellt bleiben , ob und wo ihre Werke veröffentlicht werden sollen " .
Jeder Zwang , jede Nötigung zur Publikation in einer bestimmten Form sei " ebenso inakzeptabel wie die politische Toleranz gegenüber Raubkopien " , wie sie Google derzeit massenhaft herstelle .
In ihrer Stellungnahme ( PDF - Datei ) " Open Access und Urheberrecht : Kein Eingriff in die Publikationsfreiheit " wehrt sich die Allianz der deutschen Wissenschaftsorganisationen nun gegen die " inakzeptable Unterstellung " , sie wolle " die Freiheit zur Veröffentlichung in grundgesetzwidriger Weise beschneiden " .
Keinesfalls , heißt es , fordere die Allianz eine Open - Access - Publikation belletristischer Schriften , aus deren Verwertung Autoren ihren Lebensunterhalt beziehen .
" Dies zu suggerieren , ist irreführend . "
Auch die bei den Wissenschaftsorganisationen beschäftigten oder von ihnen geförderten Wissenschaftlerinnen und Wissenschaftler seien frei in der Wahl ihrer primären Publikationsformen .
Allerdings werde erwartet , " dass die Autoren der Gesellschaft , die ihre Forschung durch Steuermittel möglich macht , einen einfachen Zugang zu ihren Publikationen eröffnen , der zudem die öffentliche Hand möglichst wenig finanziell belastet " .
Wo dies primär nicht durch die Veröffentlichung in einem Open - Access - Medium geschehen könne , sollten die Autoren ihre Publikationen über sogenannte Open - Access - Repositorien ( Publikationsserver ) verfügbar machen , wo immer dies rechtlich möglich sei , heißt es weiter .
Der Großteil gerade der international agierenden Verlage gestatte dies schon heute .
Die Allianz weist auch darauf hin , dass die Umstellung des wissenschaftlichen Publikationswesens mit einer " Umschichtung von Mitteln " einhergehe , die neue " Open- Access - kompatible Geschäftsmodelle " ermöglichen würden .
Diese Angebote würden bereits von Verlagen aufgegriffen .
Open Access sei dabei für viele " ein funktionierendes Geschäftsmodell " .
Alle Richtlinien , mit denen Wissenschaftler in Deutschland oder in anderen Staaten zu Open - Access - kompatiblem Publizieren aufgefordert werden , " verknüpfen das Open - Access - Publizieren mit dem geltenden Urheberrecht " , resümieren die Allianz - Mitglieder . ( pmz )
From the ' beastie vs. tux ' files :
The first Beta for FreeBSD 7.2 has been released , updating network drivers as well as some threading libraries .
The FreeBSD 7.2 release is the first point upgrade since the 7.1 release which became generally available in January of this year .
The final release of FreeBSD 7.2 is currently scheduled for the first week of May .
The bigger push at FreeBSD from where I sit is the FreeBSD 8 release which is set for release later this year .
" We 're very excited about FreeBSD 8.0 , due out later this year , which includes support for a virtualized network stack , which will allow FreeBSD jails to have their own routing , firewalls , VPNs , etc , " FreeBSD core team member Robert Watson told me earlier this year .
" This is exciting for our ISP users , but also appliance vendors , research community , etc .
Another similarly exciting feature is support for 802.11 Virtual Access Points , which allow a single radio to be used for many different 802.11 SSIDs , a feature that will be important to hobbyist use of FreeBSD to companies building commercial access point products . "
Beyond its own development efforts , FreeBSD also might soon benefit from the Debian Linux community as well .
Debian users will soon be able to choose to use a FreeBSD kernel ( instead of a Linux kernel ) .
I 'm not sure why a Debian user would choose to use a FreeBSD kernel , and no doubt at this early stage this is still experimental , but it is interesting .
By enabling its users to choose FreeBSD , Debian could well open up its large development community to FreeBSD and in so doing expand the base of FreeBSD itself .
Then again , it could just be a ' neat ' feature that is interesting to try out , but does n't actually serve a productive purpose .
Time will tell .
In his new book , James Lovelock fears that humanity faces widespread death and mass migration as Earth 's systems become further unbalanced by climate change , explains Andrew Watson .
The Vanishing Face of Gaia : A Final Warning James Lovelock Allen Lane / Basic Books : 2009 . 192 pp./ 288 pp. £ 20/$25 9780465015498 9781846141850 | ISBN : 978-0-4650-1549-8
He Knew He Was Right : The Irrepressible Life of James Lovelock and Gaia John Gribbin &
Mary Gribbin Allen Lane / Princeton University Press : 2009 .
256 pp/272 pp. £ 20/$ 24.95 9780691137506 9781846140167 | ISBN : 978-0-6911-3750-6
In James Lovelock 's early books , the face of Gaia is one of beauty .
Whether or not he meant it that way , many readers saw Gaia not just as a metaphor for the self - regulating Earth system of Lovelock 's theory , but as a wise and bountiful goddess guiding Earth to keep conditions comfortable for life .
Originally writing that the system sought an “ optimum ” state , in hindsight , he says he wishes he 'd avoided that loaded word because it stoked the fury of critics who accused him of promoting pseudoscience .
James Lovelock 's writing is ' like listening to the BBC announcing the end of the world ' .
Credit : T. CUFF / ALAMY
Late Gaia , by contrast , is barely recognizable as the same deity .
In his new book , The Vanishing Face Of Gaia , as in his previous The Revenge of Gaia ( Allen Lane , 2006 ) , she is old , vengeful and dangerous — Medusa , perhaps , rather than Ceres .
And her anger is directed at us , the plague of apes who have appropriated Earth 's resources to satisfy our endless greed .
Lovelock writes wonderfully well .
With the authority of age — he is in his ninetieth year — his voice is that of an elder statesman .
Using a wider and older vocabulary than most writers today , he sets his reference points deep in mid-twentieth - century Britain .
The result is mellifluous and fluent , reminiscent of the rounded vowels of an earlier generation of radio announcers , while his message is arresting and disturbing .
It is like listening to the BBC announcing the end of the world .
In their authorized biography of Lovelock , writers John and Mary Gribbin give chapter and verse on the remarkable career of this largely self - made scientist .
He Knew he was Right ( US title James Lovelock : In Search of Gaia ) has a more conventional tone than Lovelock 's own writing .
It is a good read about an eventful life , but there is little here that cannot be found in Lovelock 's autobiography Homage to Gaia ( Oxford University Press , 2000 ) .
The Gribbins ' book is useful — it puts Lovelock 's work in the context of other pioneers of what is now known as Earth - systems science , including the geochemist Vladimir Vernadsky and environmentalist Rachel Carson .
However , the science is not up - to - date in some important aspects , which is a missed opportunity .
In The Vanishing Face Of Gaia , Lovelock argues that model projections of the climate a century ahead are of little use .
The models of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) extrapolate from a smooth trend of warming , yet the real climate system , complex and fully coupled to the biology of land and ocean , is unlikely to change in this simple way .
It is more likely to flip from one state to another , with non-linear tipping points that the IPCC models are too simplistic to capture .
Lovelock fears that the climate will shift to a new and considerably hotter regime , and that once underway , this shift will be irreversible .
This view is not officially sanctioned ' IPCC - speak ' , but he is fully within the envelope of scientific consensus when he warns of the possibility of rapid and irreversible change .
Other climate scientists — notably Wally Broecker ( see Nature 328 , 123–126 ; 1987 ) — have said much the same for a long time , although Lovelock uses more graphic language and his popular voice will carry further .
Palaeoclimate records show that rapid flips have happened before , so this must be a strong possibility for the future if we continue to force up the levels of greenhouse gases at the current rate .
What is controversial is Lovelock 's vision for humanity : rapid climate change will lead to the deaths of most people on the planet , and to mass migrations to those places that are still habitable .
He does not spell out exactly how this might happen , but is convinced a hotter Earth will be able to sustain only a few per cent of the current human population .
The implication is that Gaia and human society are close to a cliff - edge , and could unravel rapidly and catastrophically .
The controversy lies less in the climatology and more in the sociology .
How will societies behave in the face of such change ?
Will we pull together with a wartime spirit , or will we fragment , fight and kill one another over Gaia 's carcass ?
Lovelock is on softer ground here .
His only special qualification for discussing human behaviour is his longevity — having lived through the Second World War , he knows what people sometimes do to one another during evil times .
Lovelock 's vision of sudden and imminent collapse is apocalyptic , but for our long - term future and that of the planet it might be preferable to some of the alternatives .
Suppose , for instance , that our profligate ways and expanding population are sustained for the rest of this century , but at a huge cost — the complete loss of all the natural ecosystems of the world .
Most of us , living in cities and insulated from the natural environment , would barely notice until it was too late to do anything about it .
This is what many politicians , economists and industrialists seem to want — their mantra of unceasing economic growth implies that we should take for ourselves all Gaia 's resources and squeeze from them the maximum short - term gain , leaving nothing for the future .
Following this vision , we will need to transform the entire planet into a factory farm to feed our 10 billion or 15 billion mouths .
There will be no room on this giant spherical feedlot for anything but ourselves and our half - dozen species of domestic plants and animals .
Gaia , the natural Earth system , will have disappeared .
As for the underpinning biogeochemical cycles , the best we can hope is that we can manage them ourselves , taking over the heavy responsibility for keeping Earth habitable , which Gaia once did for us automatically .
The more likely outcome is that we would barely manage them at all .
In that case , we would face a sequence of global environmental crises and a steady degradation of the planetary environment that would eventually kill just as many of us as a sudden collapse .
Given that , perhaps we had better hope that Lovelock is right , and Gaia does for us — or most of us — before we do for her .
Author information Affiliations Andrew Watson is a professor at the School of Environmental Sciences , University of East Anglia , Norwich NR4 7TJ , UK .
a.watson@uea.ac.uk Andrew Watson Authors Andrew Watson View author publications
You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar
Additional information Watch Oliver Morton 's interview with James Lovelock at http://www.nature.com/nature/videoarchive .
Rights and permissions Reprints and Permissions
The website of the Australian Classification Board was hacked this evening .
The identity of the individual or group responsible is unknown .
At 8:19 PM AEST the front page reads :
Welcome to the Classification Website
This site contains information about the boards that have the right to CONTROL YOUR FREEDOMZ .
The Classification Board has the right to not just classify content ( the name is an ELABORATE TRICK ) , but also the right to DECIDE WHAT IS AND ISNT APPROPRIATE and BAN CONTENT FROM THE PUBLIC .
We are part of an ELABORATE DECEPTION from CHINA to CONTROL AND SHEEPIFY the NATION , to PROTECT THE CHILDREN .
All opposers must HATE CHILDREN , and therefore must be KILLED WITH A LARGE MELONS during the PROSECUTION PARTIES IN SEPTEMBER .
Come join our ALIEN SPACE PARTY .
I condemn this attack .
Hacking a website does nothing to bring about social change .
Those who believe it does are mistaken .
These attacks can potentially damage the hard work done by those campaigning to reduce censorship .
Description
The Tower is a defence game .
You stack up defensive blocks and use spells to protect your main heart block .
I suggest normal difficulty first , if you find that too hard after a few goes trying out different strategies maybe drop back to easy .
Rich mode is just for mucking around at the start to build a tower however you want .
Only play this after you 've played the game properly .
General Tips -
- Flying wo n't attack your heart if it's not in line with them , but will pose a threat if you build high .
So be careful .
- Cannons work better the higher they are .
There range & accuracy is based on there height as you will see .
- Try to use a bit of everything , do n't stick to just defensive , or just offensive .
You could call this game a " Tower Defence " but it really is n't at the same time :P a little twist on the genre in a way you 'll see :)
IDEALISTIC youngsters demanding their country 's faster integration with Europe were a rarity even before the Moldovan authorities beat and jailed hundreds , and killed two , after a spree of protests against electoral fraud .
But the limp European Union reaction to the crackdown will not encourage others to follow in their footsteps .
Few emerge with credit from the protests .
Some participants rioted , storming and burning public buildings .
The opposition parties loosely linked to the protesters are a lightweight lot with some questionable leaders .
What unites them is anger over alleged ballot - rigging in the April 5th parliamentary election .
The ruling Communists ( in reality , a centre - right party ) would probably have won even without bullying their rivals , skewing media coverage and inflating voter lists .
With half the vote , they took 60 of the 101 seats in the unicameral parliament .
This week , the government began an election recount .
Although the government consists mainly of competent technocrats , the crisis has shown that real power lies with President Vladimir Voronin , who is due to step down soon , and his cronies .
The official reaction was striking , both in its brutality and in the contempt it showed for the EU , a large donor to Moldova , Europe 's poorest country .
The authorities barred Western diplomats from visiting detainees .
A limited UN - led investigation of 90 people in one jail found evidence of severe beatings and “ inhuman ” conditions .
The corpse of Valeriu Boboc , a 23 - year - old protester , was returned to his parents covered in bruises ; the authorities say he was poisoned .
A Moldovan journalist , Natalia Morar , is under house arrest .
Amnesty International is championing her cause .
On April 15th Mr Voronin called unconvincingly for an amnesty for the protesters .
In fact he blames foreigners , particularly Romania , which before the war included most of present - day Moldova .
A vocal minority in Moldova wants reunification , partly for nationalist reasons and partly to speed up progress towards entry into the EU .
The Romanian president , Traian Basescu , has ordered an acceleration in the issue of passports to Moldovans .
The mutual hatred between him and Mr Voronin ( who sees dual citizenship with Romania as treason ) is intense .
Moldova has brought in visas for Romanians , expelled the Romanian ambassador and stopped Romanian journalists entering the country .
The ( Latvian - born ) director of the National Democratic Institute , an American outfit , faces deportation .
Reuters
Protester , with a plant
The EU is quietly trying to act as an intermediary , but some diplomats say its intervention could make things worse .
Russia is dangling a deal over Moldova 's most industrialised region , Transdniestria , whose separatist regime it sponsors .
This is meant to encourage Mr Voronin to lean east .
Against this background , Moldova 's pro-Western camp finds the EU 's reaction to the attack on the protesters spineless .
The feeble international response to the behaviour of the Moldovan authorities contrasts with events in another ex-Soviet republic , Georgia .
Opposition demonstrators there have been demanding the resignation of President Mikheil Saakashvili .
Having blundered in a heavy - handed crackdown against similar protests in November 2007 , the Georgians handled this week 's demonstrations with punctilious attention to outside opinion .
That cuts little ice with the opposition , which believes that Mr Saakashvili is authoritarian , nepotistic and incompetent .
The main evidence for this last charge is his disastrous war with Russia last summer .
But by ex-Soviet standards , Georgia 's economy is strong and its political system free and open .
The Georgian opposition has several heavyweight ex-allies of Mr Saakashvili .
They include a former speaker of parliament , Nino Burjanadze , a former foreign minister , Salome Zourabichvili , and a former ambassador to the United Nations , Irakli Alasania .
Even if they squabble , that is a galaxy of talent compared with Moldova .
Many of Georgia 's foreign well - wishers are fed up with the erratic behaviour of the president .
But for now at least most Georgians prefer imperfect stability to revolutionary upheaval .
This page is obsolete , see LaptopTestingTeam for more details .
How to make a Laptop Testing Report
Laptop testing is not that hard .
You just need a laptop and time to test .
Here are the steps you need to follow :
Install or run a live CD of the most current point release of the development version of Ubuntu ( http://cdimage.ubuntu.com/releases/ ) .
Check on LaptopTestingTeam if there is already a report for your laptop .
If there is hit the upper left edit link and add your WikiName to the testing page .
Then see if you have anything different , or can add to the existing report * .
Otherwise ...
Create a new page for your test results .
If you own a Toshiba Tecra M2 , then the new page is named https://wiki.ubuntu.com/LaptopTestingTeam/ToshibaTecraM2 .
You can create the new page by typing the address in your browser and then following it .
Choose the LaptopTestingTeamTemplate
Add an entry to the table on LaptopTestingTeam , or on your manufacturers sub-page .
The vintage should give a rough idea of the date the laptop was originally on sale or purchased .
Just the year is fine .
If you do n't already have a page connected to your WikiName now is the time to make one , use the premade template called Homepage .
Make sure there 's a way people can contact you .
Now you 're ready to fill out the testing report .
If you need help , see the info below and the LaptopTestingTeam / FAQ .
Do n't file any bugs at http://launchpad.net yet .
Fill out all the information in a new column of your report .
File bugs for anything that does n't work , find debugging tips in the LaptopTestingTeam / FAQ and remember to mention if the problem was not in the stable version .
When a new point release for the development version comes out , install that and correct any information .
File new bugs for items that are now broken and remember to close any bugs for things that now work .
Remember that LaptopTestingTeam / FAQ can help with common problems and questions .
Please add anything that could help others reporting bugs .
Once you 've done all that , sit back and take a break !
Thanks for helping Ubuntu run on your laptop .
The Ubuntu Laptop Team
* Please add a new column to the existing report if there is none for your current major version :
If the existing columns are " Dapper " and " Edgy ( current development version ) " , and your version is Feisty , please make the column headers correspond to " Dapper " , " Edgy ( pre-release version ) " , " Feisty " .
The rest of this page supplements the LaptopTestingTeamTemplate .
Testing Tips
These are questions to help you test .
Please fill out the table , as seen on LaptopTestingTeamTemplate .
Install
Did the installer complete without errors ?
Basic Hardware Test
Does X start correctly ?
After installation is complete , a graphical login window should appear
Is X running at the correct resolution ?
The X desktop should be sharp and clear .
System / Preferences / Screen Resolution should default to the resolution of the screen
3 - D Acceleration : Does glxinfo return the line " direct rendering : Yes " ?
Start a terminal and type the following : glxinfo | grep rendering
This will print either " direct rendering : Yes " or " direct rendering : No "
Does the wired ethernet work ?
Can you browse the internet when plugged into the wired ethernet port ?
Does the wireless card work ?
Can you browse the internet when near a wireless access point ?
Does the trackpad work ?
Does it move the mouse pointer ?
Does the right hand side emulate a mouse scroll wheel ?
Does the trackpoint work ?
Advanced Hardware Test
Does the modem work ?
Right click on the panel and select add to panel .
Choose " Modem monitor " and click OK .
Right click and select properties .
Enter the password .
Click add , and choose modem ( PPP ) .
Enter a phone number on the next screen .
Enter username and password .
Apply the changes and then select Activate from the phone applet menu .
Does the machine dial out correctly ?
Does the sound work ?
A good initial indication is if a sound was played on GNOME login .
Start a terminal and type the following : speaker - test Here any noise from the speakers ?
Have multi-channel sound card .
Try multi-channel ( 4.1,5.1 etc. ) sound test : speaker - test -c 6 - D surround51 Got any error ?
Hear sound from all speakers ?
Do n't forget putting sound card in multi- channel mode ( alsamixer ) and increasing volume of all channels .
A sample audio file which will be played out of the box by totem can be found here :
http://www.xiph.org/vorbis/listen/41_30secOgg-q0.ogg
Does pressing the volume hotkeys raise , lower and mute volume ?
This may or may not result in a dialog appearing on screen showing the current volume
Do the brightness keys alter the screen brightness ?
Brightness up should raise the screen brightness , and down should lower it .
On machines with light sensors , the hotkey should enable and disable this .
Does the video display hotkey switch the external display on and off ?
Without rebooting the machine , connect a monitor to the external display .
Press the display key .
Does a picture appear on the monitor ?
Is it correct ?
Does the wireless button enable and disable wireless ?
When enabled , the wireless monitor applet in the top right of the screen should show a signal .
When disabled , it should not .
Do application buttons ( mail , help , web ) launch appropriate applications ?
Pressing application buttons should launch an application , or bring it to the front if it is already running .
Is the machine discoverable from a mobile phone with bluetooth ?
On the phone , select " Discover devices " .
See if the computer is listed .
If an infra red phone is placed in front of the infra red port , does its address appear in / proc / net / irda / discovery ?
Ensure that infra-red is switched on on the phone .
Place it in front of the infrared port .
From a terminal , type cat / proc / net / irda / discovery and see if it contains a line referring to the phone
Does attaching a docking station result in all of the hardware appearing correctly under Ubuntu ?
Do USB ports on the docking station work ?
Does the video out on the docking station work ?
Do any removable media devices in the docking station work ?
If the docking station contains a battery , does it show up correctly ?
Does removing the docking station result in correct behaviour ?
If the docking station is removed , does Ubuntu carry on running ?
If the docking station is reattached , does the docking station still work ?
Does the PCMCIA / CardBus port work ?
If you have a PCMCIA / CardBus card to try with , is the device picked up ?
The lights on the device should light up .
Does the firewire work ?
If you have a device to try with , plug in a firewire device and see if it is detected .
Do the USB ports work ?
Plug in a USB device , does it work ?
Using something simple for testing like a mouse is good .
Note :
For the above tests , if the usability of the device is not apparently , you may wish to refer to the ' dmesg ' command , or the " Device Manager " located under System -> Administration to see if the device is listed .
Power Management Test
Does pressing the sleep button cause the machine to sleep ?
After a few seconds , the machine 's screen should go blank and the sleep light come on
Does the machine then wake up correctly ?
After a few seconds , the machine should wake up .
Moving the mouse should result in a screen unlock box appearing .
Does the keyboard still work after resume ?
Does the network still work after resume ?
Do USB devices work correctly ?
Does the audio still work correctly ?
Does pressing the hibernate button cause the machine to hibernate ?
( Not all machines have hibernate buttons )
The screen should go blank .
Some time later , the machine should switch off .
Does the machine then wake up correctly ?
Pressing the power button should result in the machine waking up .
After a while , moving the mouse should result in a screen unlock box appearing .
Does the keyboard still work after resume ?
Does the network still work after resume ?
Do USB devices work correctly ?
Does the audio still work correctly ?
Does performing these actions from the logout menu behave identically ?
Does repeating the entire process , having already done one suspend perform the same ( i.e. suspending more than once ) ?
Is CPU frequency scaling supported ?
Start a terminal and type the following : sudo invoke - rc.d powernowd restart
It should not print " CPU frequency scaling not supported " .
Questions
I am surprised that there is n't a piece of software added to the distribution to ease the task of hardware testing , especially when Linspire had one available in Linspire 5.0 , Linspire 5.1 and Freespire 1.0 ( all based on pure Debian ) .
The program is called Linspire Hardware Compatability Tool , and it claims the ability to test the following items : Graphics , Audio , Modem , PCMCIA , USB , Writer ( ? ) , TVCard , Network , FireWire , & Wireless .
After the program runs , it generates a rather lengthy diagnostic report for technical types to work with .
Equally surprising is that this software has n't shown up ( as far as I can see ) on the new CNR.com Web Site for Linspire 6.0 , Freespire 2.0 , ( both based on Ubuntu / Kubuntu 7.04 ) and even Ubuntu / Kubuntu 7.04 .
[ kenyon_karl ( at ) mail.com ]
Links to source code [ from CNR service ] los-precertui_0.1.7-0.0.50.linspire0.1.dsc
http://www.linspire.com/download_package_source.php?filename=los-precertui_0.1.7-0.0.0.50.linspire0.1.dsc&url=http://10.0.0.84:80/cnrPackageServer.php?fileLocation=/linspire/pkgsrv/pool-src%2Flos%2Flos-precertui/los-precertui_0.1.7-0.0.0.50.linspire0.1.dsc los-precertui_0.1.7-0.0.50.linspire0.1.tar.gz
http://www.linspire.com/download_package_source.php?filename=los-precertui_0.1.7-0.0.0.50.linspire0.1.tar.gz&url=http://10.0.0.84:80/cnrPackageServer.php?fileLocation=/linspire/pkgsrv/pool-src%2Flos%2Flos-precertui/los-precertui_0.1.7-0.0.0.50.linspire0.1.tar.gz
I found a partial answer in the Kubuntu hardware database program which CLAIMS to send a complete technical listing of my hardware to a Ubuntu database server .
It also obviously tested by sound card , video , keyboard , and mouse , but all other tests were veiled .
I was also unable to obtain verification ( via the built in query ) that the database was properly written to the server .
Note that I have added the database record number to the testing record for use in bug chasing and the like , and thus suggest that an entry be built into the laptop testing template !
[ kenyon_karl ( at ) mail.com ]
Another comment , can a foolproof means be found of adding columns to these tables ?
Perhaps Wiki has a gizmo that I do n't know about because I am such a beginner .
[ kenyon_karl ( at ) mail.com ]
The process described provides answers to questions that do n't exist in the template , what should we do with those answers ?
PaulSladen :
For the moment , please add any that you notice not working to the Current Issues sections at the top .
Longer - term , these can be worked into the main LaptopTestingTeamTemplate .
Should we record changes in the development version ( ie .
I just installed Colony - 3 and a number of things are broken over Colony - 2 ) ?
PaulSladen : Yes , these are regressions ( things that used to work but do n't work any more .
They are more important to track down as soon as possible .
This should be reported immediately to https://launchpad.net/malone to hopefully allow the particular change that caused the breakage to be identified .
Users are more likely to get upset at features that used to work and now do n't over features new features that they have n't discovered yet .
Can we put up some sort of recommended laptop page ?
Take the results of all the test laptops and produce a list of Perfect / Near Perfect / Good / OK / Poor / Bad / Terrible laptops so anyone who might maybe be looking at purchasing a laptop would have a nice point of reference .
I know this might defeat the idea of bringing RAD support for all , but someone looking to spend £ 500 + might just want to start higher up the ladder in terms of compatibility .
I 'd like to second this request .
Instead of simply having a Perfect / Near Perfect / etc. page , it seems to me the best thing would be to use the data more powerfully still .
For example , I 'd like to buy a laptop with working sleep -- it would be awesome if I could get a list of all laptops that had been confirmed to have working sleep in Ubuntu .
In fact , I 'm thinking of making a quick script to do this for myself anyway -- would there be a good place to post the result if I did this ?
Obviously it would have to be rerun periodically , which is unfortunate , but still , it might be helpful ... -- ThomasMHinkle Okay , I 've written said script -- here it is : LaptopTestingDataScraper . -- ThomasMHinkle
I 've got a Samsung Laptop called X20 1730III , there is an article for SamsungX20 .
There are minor hardware differences between 1730III and 1730V for example .
Shall I create a new article for different versions or just add extra notes at the relevant points in the existing article ?
-- LukasDrude I second this question -- GuillaumeDuveau
I want to update a laptop testing survey that contain testing survey related to old Ubuntu version ( i.e. : Dapper and Breezy ) what should I do ?
Should I add extra column to the testing result table ( i.e. :
So the wiki page will have 4 column , Dapper , Breezy , Edgy , Feisty ) or should I drop the column related to old version ( i.e. :
So the wiki page will have always 2 column : current stable and current development ) ?
-- StefanoLenzi
Please do n't drop old columns as long as there is a probability that someone uses that version and thus is interested in the information .
Adding a new column is the appropriate way to go .
when I try sudo invoke - rc.d powernowd restart I get invoke : command not found is that command no longer included ( could n't find it via the package manager either ) .
-- LetterRip joosteto : the command is " invoke - rc.d " without spaces ; you probably typed " invoke - rc.d " .
Failing that , you could try : /etc/init.d/ powernowd restart
when I try sudo invoke - rc.d powernowd restart ( Kubuntu 9.04 ) I get invoke - rc.d : unknown initscript , /etc / init.d / powernowd not found .
Tried locate / find powernowd but there is no such file on my laptop .
Any ideas ? -- Untitled
CategoryHardware CategoryLaptop
For the past few days I ’ve been in Qatar doing a joint demonstration of Ushahidi with Ken Banks of FrontlineSMS at the ICTD conference .
One of the interesting projects that I ran across was ResearchICTAfrica.net , who have been doing a study on mobile phone access and usage in Africa .
They did over 22,000 surveys in 17 countries to compile this report .
Some takeaways :
Lower levels of ICT access and usage in Africa can be attributed to weak telecommunications infrastructure , generally low economic activity , irregular electricity and a lack of human resources .
Income and education vastly enhances mobile adoption ( over gender , age or social networks ) .
Mobile expenditure is inelastic , meaning higher income individuals spend a smaller proportion of their income .
Charts
There are a number of interesting charts within the paper .
One of which shows the elasticity of usage depending upon income ( top 25 % of the population vs bottom 75 % ) .
Personally , I was fascinated to see a study on the average expected cost of a mobile handset .
I ’ve got a PDF version of the report here .
Like this conference , it ’s mired in academic language , but it ’s an incredibly informative and useful report if you can get past that :
ResearchICTAfrica Report – ICTD 2009 [ PDF ]
( sidenote : the academics here at this conference could use a course in communications , it ’s often difficult to decipher what they ’re actually trying to say… ) .
LONDON , April 19 ( UPI ) --
British scientists say they have developed a stem procedure that will reverse the most common cause of blindness , age - related macular degeneration .
The procedure , pioneered by the Institute of Ophthalmology at University College London and Moorfields eye hospital , involves replacing a layer of degenerated eye cells with new ones obtained from embryonic stem cells , The Sunday Times of London reported .
Advertisement
The newspaper said pharmaceutical research company Pfizer this week will announce financial backing to bring the therapy to patients .
" This is a huge step forward for patients , " Tom Bremridge , chief executive of the Macular Disease Society , told The Sunday Times .
" We are extremely pleased that the big guns have become involved , because , once this treatment is validated , it will be made available to a huge volume of patients . "
More than 500,000 Britons are affected by age - related macular degeneration and that number will increase significantly as people live longer , observers say .
Newswise —
A biennial report released today by a team of experts that advises California 's governor suggests that climate changes are poised to affect virtually every sector of the state 's economy and most of its ecosystems .
Significant impacts will likely occur under even moderate scenarios of global greenhouse emissions and associated climate change , but without action , severe and costly climate change impacts are possible across the state .
The state Climate Action Team ( CAT ) report uses updated , comprehensive scientific research to outline environmental and economic climate impacts .
Its authors include Dan Cayan , a climate scientist at Scripps Institution of Oceanography , UC San Diego , and a member of the CAT steering team .
A broad collaboration of scientists , mostly from state academic and government agencies , provided a large set of technical papers that form the underpinnings for much of the CAT report .
Assessments include the impacts of sea level rise , higher temperatures , increased wildfires , decreased water supplies , increased energy demand , among others , on the state 's environment , industries and economic prosperity .
Each of the papers has undergone peer review by technical experts in private , public and governmental entities .
Impacts of climate change to California 's coast , agriculture , forest and communities have been known and studied for years ; however the studies that support the CAT report suggest that actual greenhouse gas emissions are outstripping 2006 projections .
Of particular interest are the several papers focusing on the impacts of a rise in sea levels to coastal communities and increased potential of wildfires to residential areas .
" The Climate Action Team plays an essential role in the implementation of the state 's climate initiatives and is guided by these important technical studies to ensure policy decisions are based on sound science , " said Linda Adams , Secretary for Environmental Protection and Chair of the state 's CAT .
" Any delay in fighting global warming would be detrimental to our economic stability " costing us billions of dollars and dampening the state 's most important economic sectors .
Taking immediate action on climate change is essential to slow the projected rate of warming .
We also need to make smarter decisions in order to anticipate and adapt to the changes . "
" This report represents one of the most valuable products that the environmental research community can deliver to the people of California , " said Scripps Director Tony Haymet .
" Institutionalizing a process that provides an ongoing , biennial assessment of the state 's climate is a great credit to the farsightedness of California government and to the leadership of Dan and the rest of the steering team . "
The CAT report , now available for public comment , synthesizes 37 research papers written by world - class scientists from prominent universities and research institutions .
Three additional papers are still undergoing peer reviews and will be considered for inclusion in the final report later this summer .
The reports were funded , in part , through the California Energy Commission 's Public Interest Energy Research ( PIER ) program and represent the most comprehensive and detailed scientific information to date on climate change impacts to California .
" The assessment finds an even stronger set of vulnerabilities to climate change than we found two years ago , " said Cayan , a climate researcher for the U.S. Geological Survey in addition to Scripps .
" This underscores the need for careful , continued monitoring of the natural and societal environment in California and heightens the imperative to sharpen our modeling tools to provide regional projections that can be evaluated by state policymakers and other decision - makers . "
The research papers also serve as the scientific foundation on which the state is developing its first Climate Adaptation Strategy ( CAS ) .
A chapter of the CAT report previews this work .
Understanding that adaptation and mitigation must complement each other in the fight against climate change , Gov. Schwarzenegger signed a directive in November 2008 tasking the Natural Resources Agency with developing a CAS .
When complete , this comprehensive effort will improve coordination within state government and more effectively plan for climate impacts from sea level rise , increased temperatures , shifting precipitation and extreme weather events .
" Delay in preparing for climate change is not an option , " said Energy Commission Vice Chair James Boyd .
" Based on the best and most current science , these new scenarios used in the CAT report will help California plan and manage against the potential impacts of a changing climate . "
Key Findings :
" ¢ Water Supply Impacts :
A group of researchers at UC Davis investigated the effect of potential climate - induced reductions in water supply to the agricultural sector .
One of their findings is that the lack of water would result in reductions in irrigated crop area contributing to the loss of agricultural lands in the Central Valley .
Under the particular climate change scenario investigated , the researchers also found that changes in yields ( mostly negative ) and changes in water availability could result in gross revenues losses of up to $ 3 billion by year 2050 .
( Source : Effect of Climate Change on Field Crop Production in the Central Valley of California ; California Perennial Crops in a Changing Climate ; Estimating the Economic Impacts of Agricultural Yield Related Changes for California )
" ¢ Electricity Demand Impacts :
To estimate potential impacts of climate change on electricity demand for the residential sector , researchers at UC Berkeley used a comprehensive household level billing data set for California .
This highly detailed study found much larger effects of climate change on electricity demand than previous studies .
Statewide electricity demand may increase by up to 55 percent by the end of the century .
However , policies aimed at reducing the weather sensitivity of demand can play a large role in reducing future electricity demand .
( Source : Impact of Climate Change on Residential Electricity Consumption )
" ¢ Wildfire Risks : Scientists at UC Merced and Pardee RAND Graduate School performed a novel analysis of wildfire risk in California .
They estimated that wildfire risk would increase throughout the end of the century .
Average annual monetary impacts due to home loss may plausibly to be on the order of 2 billion dollars per year by mid-century and up to $ 14 billion per year by the end of the century .
( Source : Climate Change , Growth , and California Wildfire ; Potential Effects of Climate Change on Residential Wildfire Risk in California )
" ¢ Ecosystem Impacts : The Nature Conservancy 's research has determined that California 's historic ranching culture , and a source of local , grass - fed beef , is at significant risk from climate change .
( Source : The Impact of Climate Change on California 's Ecosystem Services )
To view each of the draft papers and a list of authors , visit http://www.climatechange.ca.gov/publications/cat/.
About the California Climate Action Team ( CAT ) : The CAT plays an essential role in the state 's efforts to combat climate change .
The CAT supports the implementation of the Scoping Plan " the state 's roadmap to reach the greenhouse gas reduction goals required in the Global Warming Solutions Act of 2006 , or AB 32 .
This plan calls for ambitious but achievable reduction in California 's carbon footprint " toward a clean energy future .
The CAT also supports the development of a statewide adaptation strategy to help anticipate and respond to the potential environmental and economic impacts of climate change .
The CAT is made up of representatives from 16 state departments and agencies including : Air Resources Board ; Business , Transportation and Housing Agency ; California Department of Transportation ; California Environmental Protection Agency ; California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection ; California Department of Food and Agriculture ; California Energy Commission ; California Integrated Waste Management Board ; California Public Utilities Commission ; Department of Water Resources ; Governor 's Office of Planning and Research ; Department of Public Health ; Natural Resources Agency ; State and Consumer Services Agency — Department of General Services ; Department of Parks and Recreation ; and the State Water Resources Control Board .
About the Public Interest Energy Research ( PIER ) Program : The Energy Commission 's Public Interest Energy Research ( PIER ) program supports public interest energy research and development that helps improve the quality of life in California by bringing environmentally safe , affordable and reliable energy services and products to the marketplace .
The program leads the state in funding coordinated science programs with the best information in the world , particularly for climate impacts .
Note to broadcast and cable producers : UC San Diego provides an on -campus satellite uplink facility for live or pre-recorded television interviews .
Please phone or e-mail the media contact listed above to arrange an interview .
Scripps Institution of Oceanography : scripps.ucsd.edu
Scripps Institution of Oceanography , at UC San Diego , is one of the oldest , largest and most important centers for global science research and education in the world .
The National Research Council has ranked Scripps first in faculty quality among oceanography programs nationwide .
Now in its second century of discovery , the scientific scope of the institution has grown to include biological , physical , chemical , geological , geophysical and atmospheric studies of the earth as a system .
Hundreds of research programs covering a wide range of scientific areas are under way today in 65 countries .
The institution has a staff of about 1,300 , and annual expenditures of approximately $ 155 million from federal , state and private sources .
Scripps operates one of the largest U.S. academic fleets with four oceanographic research ships and one research platform for worldwide exploration .
The New Star was pursued out of port in Nakhodka in the Siberian Far East on Sunday by a Russian naval vessel which believed it was involved in smuggling .
The pursuing ship fired at least 500 rounds , forcing it to turn back to port , but it sank on the way .
" Animals are such agreeable friends - they ask no questions , they pass no criticisms . "
~ George Eliot
Photo by Tambako the Jaguar
I saw this photo on HuffPo the other day , and I thought - Wah ?
Black on black touching of hair ???
It looks like the folks at TWC are bad losers .
They are now considering dropping the planned rollout of DOCSIS 3.0 high speed citing that it was part of their plan for consumption based billing .
Advertisement
In other words , if they are not going to get the blood money they planned from CBB , they might not feel the need to roll out wideband ( even though they are not implicitly tied ) .
Alex Dudley , VP of public relations for Time Warner explains via his twitter feed :
@gigastacey it was scheduled as part of cbb trial , but we all know how you feel about that .
@netpro2k
It does n't ... just that the rollout was scheduled with the trial and now all of it is on hold .
@ Stryph Biggest cost is actually bandwidth allocation .
Obviously , if they are concerned about another major public backlash , they had damn well better come through with this .
As a TWC customer , I will definitely be one of those people shaking my fist .
[ PCMag ]
53 Delicious Italian Desserts
From rich tiramisu to fruity shortcake , we ’ve rounded up these Italian desserts for you to sink your teeth into .
Several studios are currently engaged in legal action against Australian ISP iiNet .
They accuse iiNet of failing to take steps to stop its subscribers from sharing files by disconnecting them from the Internet .
Now anti-piracy group AFACT says iiNet should just admit its customers are pirates , and stop wasting the court 's time .
Several studios including Village Roadshow , Universal Pictures , Warner Bros Entertainment , Paramount Pictures , Sony Pictures Entertainment , Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation , Disney Enterprises , Inc. and the Seven Network ( Australia ’s top free - to - air broadcaster ) , announced last year that they were to sue Australian ISP iiNet for copyright infringement .
The studios , under the umbrella group AFACT , stated that iiNet “ failed to take reasonable steps , including enforcing its own terms and conditions , to prevent known unauthorized use of copies of the companies ’ films and TV programs by iiNet ’s customers via its network . ”
AFACT had demanded disconnection for alleged infringers but iiNet refused .
According to AFACT , since iiNet knew that its subscribers were infringing copyright , it too was breaching copyright by “ authorizing ” the infringements .
Legal action followed .
Just recently AFACT was forced to drop some of the charges against iiNet , withdrawing the claim that the ISP was the primary copyright infringer and directly responsible when it refused to disconnect alleged pirates within its subscriber base .
The allegation , know as “ conversion ” , is that iiNet interfered with the studio’s “ right of possession ” , a breach of their rights .
AFACT tried to convince Federal Court Judge Justice Dennis Cowdroy that iiNet was guilty of “ conversion ” but he disagreed , kicked out the claim and ordered the studios to pay iiNet ’s costs for that element .
The remaining claim against iiNet is that the ISP is liable for the copyright infringing actions of its subscribers , something it denies .
However , AFACT are increasing the pressure on iiNet to again admit that its customers are pirates , something it tried to do earlier .
They say that since they have lots of evidence that iiNet ’s subscribers are pirates , iiNet should just admit it and stop wasting the court ’s time .
“ AFACT has presented evidence of tens of thousands of instances of copyright infringement by iiNet ’s users , ” said a spokesperson for the anti-piracy group .
He claimed that iiNet had already accepted the validity of that evidence adding , “ To make those acknowledgements and not accept that those customers are engaged in copyright infringement is simply a tactic by iiNet designed to delay and frustrate the running of the case . ”
iiNet chief Michael Malone disagreed , saying that it ’s not up to iiNet to admit anything , it ’s up to AFACT and the studios to bring the evidence .
“ If they come and say that a person is committing piracy , it ’s their obligation to prove that , ” he said .
The case is due to return to court 9th June 2009 .
Let me preface by saying that I am in no way making fun of the situation , the people that were killed or the brave men and women that performed the rescue operation .
I am making fun of the fact that it is 2000 - and - fucking - 9 and THERE ARE STILL ACTUAL PIRATES !
How does this happen ?
How are their people alive on this planet that make their living pillaging and hoarding booty and such ?
Do they have wenches ?
Peg legs ?
Peg boys ?
It really does seem too ridiculous to NOT have come crawling out of the internet .
Question time :
What meme should come to life next , and how will it manifest in the real world ?
WASHINGTON --
The Obama administration plans to create a new military command to coordinate the defense of Pentagon computer networks and improve U.S. offensive capabilities in cyberwarfare , according to current and former officials familiar with the plans .
The initiative will reshape the military 's efforts to protect its networks from attacks by hackers , especially those from countries such as China and Russia .
The new command will be unveiled within the next few weeks , Pentagon officials said .
The ...
Voters in a small town in the US state of Missouri have re-elected their popular mayor to a fourth term , several weeks after he died of a heart attack .
Harry Stonebraker died at the age of 69 in March - after ballot papers had been printed and absentee voting in the town of Winfield had begun .
He won by a landslide , securing 90 % of the vote in the 723 - population town .
Winfield will appoint a temporary mayor to serve until a special election is held in April 2010 .
Lincoln County Clerk Elaine Luck likened the outcome to Missouri's US Senate race in 2000 , which was won by Democrat Mel Carnahan who had died in a plane crash weeks earlier .
She said Harry Stonebraker was a popular mayor who had helped lead the community after flooding in 2008 damaged dozens of homes and large tracts of farmland .
" I figured he'd win because he seemed to get even more popular after he died , just like Carnahan , " she was quoted by the Associated Press as saying .
Mr Stonebraker was a life - long resident of the Winfield area , some 50 miles ( 80 km ) north - west of St Louis .
He was a retired construction superintendent who had nearly completed his third two - year term as mayor , AP said .
Some Canadians who booked Mexican holidays through the now - collapsed Conquest Vacations Inc. faced ugly ordeals with hotel managers Thursday who demanded they shell out thousands of dollars or face the police .
At a resort on the Mayan Rivera , 250 Canadian vacationers , including Sarah Sayffi , were threatened with eviction from paradise because the tour company did n't pay their hotel bills .
The problems started Wednesday , when Conquest suddenly announced it was shutting its doors , blaming fierce competition and a faltering economy .
" Conquest is to blame .
I 'm pissed , " Sayffi , told CBC News by phone .
" They let it go all the way to the very last possible moment .
Like , all these poor people ?
They knew they were going to get screwed over and they did n't care .
They wanted to make every last cent . "
Resorts demand cash
The resort demanded $ 1,000 from each Conquest guest .
Sayffi's mother , Heather Jackson , wired her the money and is furious with Conquest .
" I just do n't know how they sleep at night , " Jackson told CBC News .
" The morals — I just do n't understand how they can send young people … to other countries and they 're trusting that they 're going to have a great holiday and what happens ?
This is what happens , that they 're stranded there . "
In Cancun , 28 Canadians staying at the Golden Parnassus resort clashed with hotel security guards as they tried to leave the premises after disputing their bill , according to Christopher Lee , who has been staying at Golden Parnassus hotel since last Thursday .
He said pushing and shoving ensued and that security blocked an elderly Manitoba man and his daughter from leaving the premises after they refused to pay for their vacation a second time .
He said the conflict escalated to a point that the hotel would n't let others leave for the airport until they paid their bills .
" If we tried to leave they would physically push us back into the building , " Lee told The Canadian Press in a telephone interview .
Police called in
Four local police officers were called in by the hotel staff and the Canadians were forced to pay , he said .
A reservations manager at the hotel disputed the claim that police were involved , and said the hotel is trying to compromise , even though she said it has n't received money from Conquest .
" We 're talking with all the guests right now and we tell them that we 're going to [ give them ] a special rate , " said Elizabeth Ruiz from the Golden Parnassus hotel .
Lee said he ended up paying $ 700 US to the hotel , on top of the $ 1,300 he had already paid to Conquest .
Similar stories were being heard from other vacationers in Mexico on Thursday as the fallout from the Conquest collapse rippled through popular sunshine resorts .
Lee , Jackson and the others will have to apply for refunds through provincial travel insurance funds once they get back home .
Industry analysts said Conquest — which had been Canada 's smallest tour operator with just four per cent of market share — was conquered by much bigger companies in a recent price war .
Have you ever wanted to be a freelance web developer ?
Whether you 're working for the man or developing as a hobby , there are some tried and tested tips you can use to ease yourself into the life of a freelance web developer - even if you only do it part - time .
By working with many and varied clients , your web dev and business skills will grow at a rapid pace .
If everything goes right , you should be able to make a good living doing something you love .
So today we 're going to go over how to actually become a freelance web developer , and all that goes with it .
Just Starting Out
Starting is an incredibly hard thing to do for many web developers who do n't have any clients .
The most important thing to remember is that without clients , you do n't have a business .
It 's quite easy to get caught up in things like building a portfolio site , playing with invoicing tools , and other semi-important tasks .
So it 's most important that you just start working with people and getting bids .
I 've found that starting in a niche area is the best way to begin building a successful freelancing business .
For example , my specialty is working with content management systems like Drupal and Wordpress .
Starting out I only tried to find work within those fields , so that I could become an expert in customizing content management systems .
If you 're a designer , you might try becoming an expert in a design niche as well .
Ecommerce design , blog design , Twitter backgrounds , you name it .
Becoming a leader in a niche means that you 'll be in higher demand .
Higher demand for your services means that you can be choosier about your clients , charge more , and ultimately have a better freelancing experience .
You Don't Need to Know It All
If you 're afraid of not knowing what you 're doing right out of the gate , take heart .
You do n't even have to know a lot about a programming language in order to make a bid on a project .
You can learn how to do it along the way .
Do n't be afraid to work on a project if you do n't know exactly how to finish it .
That 's what our good friend Mr. Google is there for .
However , you have to make sure that you can deliver what 's been asked .
Just do n't let not knowing a little bit discourage you from trying .
Web developers do most of their best learning when they 've stepped outside their comfort zone .
Experience Working With Clients
Thanks to services like Jobs .
FSw , Elance , Upwork or even RentACoder , you can quickly start bidding and working on projects without having a portfolio .
It 's important to just dive in and start getting experience wherever you can find it .
Experience with the language (s ) you 'll be working in , but most importantly , experience working with clients .
Working with clients is one of the hardest parts of the job .
Some clients are wonderful , others are awful .
Learning how to find great clients and how to talk to them is a fine skill even the world 's most gifted coders will only develop with practice .
Communication
Communication is an often overlooked aspect of freelance work .
Good communication can make the difference in snagging a bid , finishing a project on time , and ultimately keeping the client happy .
If you take the time to keep your client in the loop , they 'll be appreciative of the transparency .
Even if you 're letting them know that the deliverable is going to be a bit late .
Communication is a critical piece of the freelance world that many often overlook .
It 's nearly impossible to communicate too much with a client .
Bidding
When you 're just starting out , bid as low as you can handle .
I know it 's hard to imagine that your time is n't worth much , but until you get some experience under your belt , it really is n't .
This time period of one month , two or three , is an investment in being able to charge more later on .
The goal is n't to make a lot of money at the start , but rather to just get experience as a web developer .
In the beginning stages , experience is a hundred times more valuable than your hourly rate .
You 'll soon be able to raise your rates with glowing testimonials and excellent work to showcase .
Learning Discipline
Another huge aspect of learning how to become a freelance web developer is learning how to be a disciplined web developer .
Many developers start out programming in " blitzes " of work , where they slack off for a few days and then start pulling all - nighters close to the deadline .
Not only will you produce shoddy work , it 's also not a sustainable work cycle .
Learning how to discipline your work schedule is incredibly important for someone wanting to become a full - time freelancer .
I have a simple system where I make sure that I work X billable hours a day .
When I 've hit my quota for the day , I get to do whatever I want .
But I force myself to work until I 've hit that quota .
This has made my workday much less stressful , as I always know how much I have to work to pay the bills .
Being Honest With Yourself and the Client
There 's a strong temptation to take an overly ambitious timeframe on a project .
However , you 've got to account for Murphy 's Law .
Projects nearly always take longer than you think they will .
If you 're not being realistic with how long a project might take , you 're only making it harder on yourself when it comes time to talk to the client .
A client would rather you overshoot the amount of time the project will take and finish it on time ( or early ! ) , as opposed to hearing that the project is going to take a lot longer than you initially thought .
Being honest with the client also means that you might have to tell them no .
They might want something added to the site that is , well , ridiculous .
It 's your job to " let them down easily " .
Any reasonable client would much rather hear that you think it 's a waste of your time and their money than blindly going along with their ideas .
Remember , you 're the expert .
They 're paying you .
If you 're honest with them , they 'll respect your opinion and your authority .
In fact , they 'll appreciate it .
You just have to remember to be tactful and honest while telling them .
If you 're looking out for the client 's well being , they 'll look out for you .
The Mighty Testimonial
Testimonials are gold to the freelance developer .
Imagine a scenario where instead of spending your precious time bidding on projects and looking for work , people are looking for you .
They 're emailing you to see if you 're available to lend your expertise and build them a site .
It 's simple :
The more people that love your work , the more recommendations you 'll get .
There is nothing more powerful than a happy customer .
You 'll find that the more projects that you do , the more referrals you 'll receive from satisfied customers .
Eventually clients will make a way to your door , just based on your reputation .
The Portfolio
A portfolio is an important part of web development .
You 'll find that many of your prospective clients will want to see your portfolio , and any chance you can show off your work , the better .
Collis has an excellent tutorial on how to set up a portfolio site , and it really does n't take that long to put one together .
However , not having a great portfolio is n't the end of the world either .
I have n't built one yet for my own projects , and while many people have asked to see one , I 've never lost a bid for not having one .
Your reputation is much more valuable .
How to Bill Your Clients
Billing is a mysterious part of freelance work .
Billing Tools
Billing clients is a tricky part of being a web developer .
I 've found it 's best to use software or an online service like Freshbooks to handle the client billing .
Desktop applications are great for invoicing as well .
They typically give a little more functionality than online invoicing systems , and all of your data is private and secure on your own computer , if that 's an issue for you .
I use Mac software called Billings to manage my invoices and time tracking , but there are many other options available as well .
Whatever solution you use , make sure that it does all of the nitpicky client work so that you can keep your focus on the most important stuff : learning and working with clients .
Payment Options
There are numerous ways to bill clients .
Some people just wait until the project is finished and send a final bill .
Others ask for a ratio up - front ( ie. 50 % up front , 50 % upon completion ) .
I usually ask new clients for a certain amount of payment up front , just to make sure I do n't get burned .
For example , I 'll probably ask a client for half of the estimate up front before I start working , and then the other half upon completion .
If I 've worked with the client before or I know them personally , I might just send a bill when the project is done .
Another thing to think about when billing is the scope of the project .
If it 's a massive project , I might bill at weekly or bi-weekly intervals .
I usually give the clients updates on how many hours I 've worked and what to expect on the bill .
( Are we seeing yet how valuable communication is with client work ? )
Whatever the method , make sure that you and your client are crystal clear on the billing arrangements .
That 's the most important part .
Nobody likes to be surprised when it comes to money .
Marketing Your Services
I 've seen some people put tons of money into marketing and advertising .
I 'm going to let you in on a little secret :
Save your money .
Programs like banner ads , Adsense and other " scattershot " approaches to advertising your business do n't really work .
And here 's why .
Like we said before , the best form of advertising is a testimonial or recommendation .
But there 's another way to generate leads , and it is almost as effective : teaching .
There is no better way to showcase your talents and command of a subject than by teaching .
People want proof that you 're an expert , and the best way to do that is to start teaching .
If you start teaching , you 'll show that you 're an expert .
Say a searcher found an article that Nettuts + writer Richard wrote on learning ExpressionEngine .
The article clearly showcased Richard 's knowledge on ExpressionEngine .
Would you rather hire a nobody to develop your EE site ?
Or would you rather hire someone who has already demonstrated a strong command of EE ?
Aside from generating more leads , you 'll also start to gather a following .
People follow experts on places like Twitter or blogs .
There are tons of designers and web developers out there who have gathered strong followings on the web , and as a result their work has skyrocketed .
They can charge more because it 's simple supply and demand .
Twitter is an excellent way to :
Start giving back to the community and teaching and Generate a following
Another excellent way to showcase your talent is to start blogging and teaching .
Write about topics related to web development and your niche .
The best marketing a freelance worker can do is to give value and teach .
If you can do these things , you 'll never have a shortage of work and can often charge your dream rates because people trust you and see you as an expert .
What Should You Charge ?
There are a few different methods when it comes to determining rates .
I believe that if you 're just starting out , it 's best to charge a lower rate until you really figure out what 's going on .
Once you 've gotten experience working with clients , billing , and winning bids , than you can raise your rates .
But here 's something else that I 've learned when it comes to rates .
Often people associate your rates with the quality of work you 'll provide .
For example , if you 're bidding against a freelancer that charges $ 100 / hour , and you only charge $ 10 / hour , the potential client might believe that the other guy is 10 times better than you and give him the bid .
He 's associating your price with value , even though you might be just as talented as the other bidder .
I know this sounds crazy , but once you get some experience under your belt , you might win more bids charging higher rates .
It all depends on who the client is .
However , clients that are willing to pay more for better service and quality are more likely to be better clients .
I do n't necessarily recommend you radically change your pricing overnight , but experiment with your hourly wage and how it affects how many bids you 're getting .
You might be surprised .
Rates all depend on your personal profile and how specialized your service is .
If you 're creating cookie - cutter templates or sites , you might not be able to charge as much .
If you 've become a leader in a niche area of web development , than you can certainly charge more for your services .
It all depends on the service that you 're providing .
Wrapping It Up
I know we 've covered a lot in this article , but if there 's one really important thing that you should remember when you 're just starting out it 's this :
Experience working with clients is the most important part of getting started .
Billing software , portfolios , blogs , Twitter and everything else are important , but the most critical part of freelancing is learning how to work with clients and building relationships .
Everything else should take a backseat to diving in and getting to work !
Extra Resources
Another useful tutorial to consider is our guide on how to How To Use WordPress Plugins .
It 's a tangentially related , but something that 's equally handy to know !
Grower is so much better .
Your dick can be bigger than a showers , and you do n't have to deal with as much flopping around and ****.
Seriously , running in gym shorts is a pain enough .
I can't imagine it with my erect size .
Oh and btw ( No Homo )
Bolivia ’s Chacaltaya Glacier was once the highest ski resort in the world .
It has been in existence for more than 18,000 years but one day it officially vanished .
The start of the meltdown can be traced to mid-1980s .
However , the rate of thaw tripled in the last 10 years as a result of accelerated climate change .
In 1998 a leading glaciologist , Dr. Ramirez , predicted the complete disappearance of Chacaltaya Glacier by 2015 .
This tallied with the 2007 research finding of the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change which predicts the total disappearance of most of Latin America ’s tropical glaciers between 2020 and 2030 – unfortunately , that prediction has come 6 years earlier .
Living in a big city is not an attractive thing for everyone .
However , for those who are open to it , may it be because of a need for employment , or for other reasons , there is no doubt that urban living offer some unique perks .
San Antonio continues to draw in residents every year .
What can be expected here ?
Well , there ’s the food , the energy , the ambiance , the arts , and several other interesting things .
While there are some drawbacks such as the annoying traffic , high cost for housing , and expensive parking , San Antonio will certainly be able to give that amazing feel .
Of course , if you are not interested in that all - urban - type - of - living , there are suburbs and neighborhoods that you can choose from .
In this list , let us take a look at the 10
According to the Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) , the the Global Positioning System ( GPS ) could degrade significantly as early as next year .
The GAO report says that the existing GPS satellites are aging and need to be replaced , but new satellites are years late and hundreds of millions of dollars over budget .
For this reason , the constellation of 31 GPS satellites has a chance of falling below the minimum number needed ( 24 satellites ) to provide the required accuracy for military uses starting in 2010 .
Normally , the trials and tribulations of the GPS system might not be considered a climate issue , given that most people only know about the everyday items that use GPS signals – smart phones and car navigation systems for starters .
But GPS is used for thousands of lesser known applications .
For example , many telecommunications central offices use GPS receivers as the master clock that enables them to efficiently transmit data and voice communications across the country .
And survey equipment uses GPS to plot road locations and elevation .
GPS is also used to track the 3000 Argo ocean probes that monitor temperature and salinity in the global ocean , and the movement of glaciers on Greenland and the amount of post - glacial isostatic rebound are both measured by very accurate GPS receivers .
A less accurate GPS system would make these measurements less accurate as well , possibly resulting in related climate science data ( on sea level rise , ocean heat content , etc. ) becomming less reliable .
In a Twitter “ press conference , ” Air Force spokesman Col .
Dave Buckman downplayed the risks found by the GAO .
According to the IDG article , Col. Buckman said that it was “ very unlikely ” that users would even notice the reduction in accuracy .
That may be true for the average person driving a car around town , but scientific users , like military users , need position to be as accurately determined as possible , especially for things like glaciers that move ( generally ) very slowly , or for sea level rise where the changes could be millimeters per year .
— — —-
Secretary Chu suggests white roofs to combat climate disruption
According to The Independent , Energy Secretary Steven Chu suggested that buildings have their roofs painted white in order to reduce climate disruption .
The rationale is simple – white reflects energy .
A white roof would reduce the amount of solar energy absorbed by the building , improving its energy efficiency by reducing the amoung of electricity required to cool the building .
Less air conditioning means fewer carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) emissions from fossil fuel power plants .
In addition , white roofs ( and lightly colored walls and streets ) would increase the amount of energy reflected from the surface back into space .
This is called “ albedo , ” and the more energy is reflected , the less is absorbed and kept within the Earth ’s climate system .
In fact , as the Carbo mentioned back in 2008 , the albedo effect is huge – the energy reflected alone could save the equivalent of 44 billion tons CO 2 .
The Independent article quotes Sec. Chu as saying it would be like removing every car in the world from the road for 11 years .
This idea is relatively intuitive to anyone who owns a dark - colored car or who uses a windshield sun shade – dark - colored cars or cars without the sun shade get much hotter in the summer sun than light - colored and / or shaded cars do .
But there ’s another beneficial side effect too – light colors not only reflect energy from the sun back out into space , but also reflect the building ’s own energy back into the building .
As a result , lightly - colored buildings will not only need less energy for cooling in the summer , but they ’ll also need less energy for heating in the winter .
All that for the cost of a couple million coats of paint .
— — —-
Ecuador wants cash to leave carbon underground
Oil is carbon that has n’t been burned yet .
At least , that ’s the argument that the government of Ecuador is making .
According to the Washington Post , Ecuador is trying to get carbon market credit for leaving the 410 million tons of CO 2 in the ground instead of extracting it and selling it ( in the form of 850 million barrels of oil ) on the oil market .
While there has been some discussion around the Web that paying nations and companies to leave fossil fuels in the ground might be a viable method to quickly reduce CO 2 emissions , the Post reports that the Ecuador proposal is the first of its kind .
This partly due to the fact that the Kyoto Protocol specifically prohibits claiming energy reserves left untouched as a carbon credit .
The Post quotes Ecuadoran environmentalist Roque Sevílla as saying Ecuadorans hope that the Copenhagen meeting this December might loosen the rules and allow the Ecuador proposal to become a “ pilot project . ”
There is one major problem , however .
The land above the oil reserves is a National Park and is supposedly already protected from drilling .
This means that Ecuador is asking to be paid for not extracting oil that should n’t be extracted in the first place , and this could be considered fraudulent .
As such , the Ecuadoran proposal may fail even if carbon credit payments for fossil fuels not extracted are approved in Copenhagen .
Time will tell .
— — —-
Subsidies , quotas warping “ renewable ” definition
What do the following things all have in common : trash pellets , nuclear reactors , coal mining waste , and microwaved tires ?
According to the NYTimes , depending on what state you ’re in , they ’re all considered as renewable as solar power or wind energy .
According to the article , companies are lobbying the state and federal governments to include their particular energy source in the definition of what is renewable .
“ A banana is renewable — you can grow them forever , ” said Bob Eisenbud , a vice president for government affairs at Waste Management , which receives about 10 percent of its annual revenues of $ 13.3 billion from waste and landfill energy generation .
“ A banana that goes into garbage and gets burned , ” he added , is “ a renewable resource and producing renewable energy . ”
But is it really ?
The article says that many environmentalists disagree with Waste Management ’s characterization , or with the inclusion of other sources of energy that emit CO 2 via burning something .
The environmentalists have a point .
Burning tires that have been microwaved in an effort to make them burn more efficiently is a great idea because millions of tires take up huge amounts of space and can harbor insects that are vectors for disease ( especially mosquitoes ) .
But tires are petroleum products , a carbon - intensive fossil fuel , and so burning tires is n’t a whole lot different from burning oil directly .
Similarly , converting waste to electricity and burning it reduces the waste stream , but is solid waste a “ renewable resource ” or a byproduct of modern civilization ?
I ’m personally inclined to say “ byproduct , ” at least until you consider landfill gas emissions ( mostly methane ) .
However , when carbon capitalism finally comes along , landfill emissions of methane will become ~ 20 x more expensive than the CO 2 emitted from burning the methane , so the methane “ renewable ” question will likely take care of itself .
The NYTimes article points out that the problem of defining “ renewable ” goes beyond whether burning waste should qualify or not .
Hydropower is certainly renewable , but it ’s already heavily subsidized by the government .
So should the government give hydropower utilities even more money than they ’re already getting ?
Graham Mathews , a lobbyist representing Covanta Energy , summarized the first part of this problem for the NYTimes article by saying “ Energy policy is balkanized by region , and that dictates the debate .
The politics become incredibly complicated . ”
In essence , since there is no federal law defining what is and , just as importantly , what is not “ renewable , ” state politics will define what does and does not qualify for federal credits and what technologies apply to state renewable electricity standards .
But Senator Jeff Bingaman ( D - NM ) , chairman of the Senate energy committee , said that defining too many questionable technologies as “ renewable ” throws the numbers “ way out of whack , ” and then “ the whole purpose of the renewable electricity standard is defeated . ”
I ’m sure that companies lobbying for including nuclear or coal mine waste as “ renewable ” would never want to defeat a renewable electricity standard ….
Reddit Email 0 Shares
The Obama - Netanyahu talks were clearly a train wreck for Israel ’s far rightwing Likud Party .
The talks went on nearly twice as long as scheduled , suggesting a lot of bumps in the road .
The two seemed to me stiff in their body language afterward , and they clearly did not agree on virtually anything important .
Both finessed the disagreement by appealing to vague generalities and invoking the long term .
Obama wants to negotiate with Iran regarding its civilian nuclear enrichment research program , but stressed that his patience is not infinite .
Netanyahu , of course , wants military action against Iran on a short timetable .
Netanyahu ’s hysteria about Iran is a piece of misdirection intended to sidestep the issue of Israel ’s own nuclear arsenal .
Iran is a signatory to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation treaty , and allows regular inspections by the International Atomic Energy Agency , even if the latter is not completely satisfied with Iran ’s transparency .
Israel just thumbed its nose at the NPT .
Israel would only have the moral high ground in demanding that Iran cease enrichment research if it gave up its own some 150 warheads .
Obama wants Netanyahu to commit to supporting a two - state solution to be implemented in the near future .
Netanyahu absolutely refused .
He did say he is willing to “ talk ” to the Palestinians , though it is unclear why that would be a productive thing to do if he is die - hard against giving them the only thing they want .
Rabbi Michael Lerner makes this point eloquently and at some length .
Admittedly Netanyahu ’s hands are in some ways tied by members of parliament from his own party , who reject the whole notion of a Palestinian state .
Netanyahu said he did not want to rule the Palestinians .
That is an evasion .
If he wo n’t give them a state , then they remain citizens of no state and inevitably Israel “ rules ” them in the sense of making the important decisions about how they live their lives .
The Likud Party does n’t want the Palestinians , just their land and resources .
That demand is actually what makes the Palestinian issue different and more horrific than other ethnic - national problems in the world .
There are peoples imagining themselves as nations and working to assert a sub-nationalism .
But virtually none of them lacks citizenship in a state .
The Tibetans and others that are sometimes cited in this regard are not citizenship - less , even if they think they have the wrong citizenship .
Palestinians have no citizenship at all , and all important decisions are made for them by their Israeli colonial masters .
Sri Lanka , which claims to have just defeated the Tamil Tigers , was fighting to keep the minority Tamils ( who speak a Dravidian language and are typically Hindus ) as citizens of Sri Lanka , which is dominated by Sinhalese - speaking Buddhists .
( The conflict is also in part about the wealthier Tamils wanting more autonomy from the poorer Sinhalese , and about a Marxist guerrilla group ironically representing this minority bourgeois demand ; i.e. it is n’t just ethno - religious . )
As brutal as the Sri Lankan campaign was , it does not leave the Tamils at the end of the day without basic rights of citizenship in a state , which is the condition of the Palestinians– who are therefore the most oppressed people in the world .
Netanyahu wants the Palestinians to acknowledge that Israel is a “ Jewish state . ” I do n’t understand this demand .
Israel is not a Jewish state , it is a multi-cultural state , with about half a million non-Jewish Russians and Ukrainians and 20 % of its population is Arab .
If “ Jewish ” is meant religiously , then observant Jews are actually a minority of the population in Israel .
If “ Jewish ” is meant racially , then it is a particularly shameful demand .
It is like demanding either that the US be recognized as a “ Christian ” country or as a “ white ” country .
Obama was ill - advised to use the diction , himself .
As for Netanyahu ’s gift to Obama of Mark Twain ’s travelogue to nineteenth - century Ottoman Palestine , that was kind of an ideological attack on solid historiography .
End / ( Not Continued )
Anti-Zionist Orthodox Jews in the United States , Canada and England burned the flag of the so - called state of ' Israel " to protest the actions and existence of the Zionist state which is totally contrary to traditional Jewish teaching and beliefs .
This event has been taking place annually during the Jewish Holiday period of " Purim " .
OSLO ( Reuters ) - A giant fossil sea monster found in the Arctic and known as “ Predator X ” had a bite that would make T - Rex look feeble , scientists said Monday .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
The 50 ft ( 15 meter ) long Jurassic era marine reptile had a crushing 33,000 lbs ( 15 tonnes ) per square inch bite force , the Natural History Museum of Oslo University said of the new find on the Norwegian Arctic archipelago of Svalbard .
“ With a skull that ’s more than 10 feet long you ’d expect the bite to be powerful but this is off the scale , ” said Joern Hurum , an associate professor of vertebrate paleontology at the museum who led the international excavation in 2008 .
“ It ’s much more powerful than T - Rex , ” he said of the pliosaur reptile that would have been a top marine predator .
Tyrannosaurus Rex was a top land carnivore among dinosaurs .
The scientists reconstructed the predator ’s head and estimated the force by comparing it with the similarly - shaped jaws of alligators in a park in Florida .
“ The calculation is one of the largest bite forces ever calculated for any creature , ” the Museum said of the bite , estimated with the help of evolutionary biologist Greg Erickson from Florida State University .
Predator X ’s bite was more than 10 times more powerful than any modern animal and four times the bite of a T - Rex , it said of the fossil , reckoned at 147 million years old .
Alligators , crocodiles and sharks all now have fearsome bites .
The teeth of the pliosaur , belonging to a new species , were a foot ( 30 cms ) long .
The scientists reconstructed the reptile from a partial skull and 20,000 fragments of skeleton .
The pliosaur , estimated to have weighed 45 tonnes , was similar to but had more massive bones than another fossil sea monster found on Svalbard in 2007 , also estimated at 50 feet long and the largest pliosaur to date .
“ It ’s not complete enough to say it ’s really bigger than 15 meters , ” Hurum said of the new fossil .
Hurum had said of the first fossil pliosaur that it was big enough to chomp on a small car .
He said the bite estimates for the latest fossil forced a rethink .
“ This one is more like it could crush a Hummer , ” he said .
referring to General Motors ’ large sport utility vehicle .
Among other findings were that the pliosaur had a small thin brain shaped like that of a great white shark , according to scans by Patrick Druckenmiller of the University of Alaska .
Pliosaurs preyed upon squid - like animals , fish , and other marine reptiles .
Predator X had four huge flippers to propel itself along , perhaps using just two at cruising speeds and the others for a burst of speed .
-- For Reuters latest environment blogs click on : blogs.reuters.com/environment/
All is good .
All is good .
All is good .
All is good .
All is good .
All is good .
All is good .
All is good .
All is good .
All is good .
All is good .
All is good .
All is good .
All is good .
All is good .
All is good .
All is good .
All is good .
All is good .
All is good .
All is good .
All is good .
All is good .
Advertisement
All is good .
Infowars
March 23 , 2009
YouTube has deleted ChangeDaChannel ’s honors formerly attached to Alex Jones ’ high quality encode of The Obama Deception in a crass effort to knock the film ’s ratings down , an obvious effort by Google ’s YouTube to make sure people remain unaware of and do not watch the video .
In essence — and not unlike the old Soviet Union — YouTube is acting as a political police goon squad for the establishment , attempting to make sure as few people as possible see this important documentary .
YouTube and Google Video are notorious for censoring and fudging view results on Alex Jones films and other films including Loose Change and NufffRespect ’s hugely popular Question Your Reality video .
For more on the mechanics behind Google ’s censorship , see Google Censorship — How It Works .
It is important that The Obama Deception get out to as many people as possible and that is why Alex has allowed the film to be posted on the internet .
ChangeDaChannel has the best high quality encode of the film and this needs to go viral .
Please watch the film below and order your copy of the DVD today .
Now that Obama ’s drones are on the street and going door - to - door in order to high pressure you into supporting the banker scam that will indenture our former republic to the international bankers for generations to come , it is vitally important you get a copy of this film , make copies , and pass them out to your family and neighbors so they will be ready to respond when Obama ’s little Maoists come knocking on your door .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
See also : 2009 - The Year Of Hackage and A Plea For Cabal - install
—
I ’m finally getting Turbinado updated for GHC 6.10 and I owe a huge debt to the cabal - install team ( my preferred currency for debt payment is beer ) .
Turbinado is a bitch to install by hand because it depends on specific version of various packages .
One minor rev off and everything explodes .
So I ’ve been bouncing between 3 machines working on Turbinado and trying to get the build cleaned up .
Once cabal - install is installed , it ’s a simple “ cabal install ” to get all dependencies downloaded and built .
Much better than setting up a local packages directory , downloading 10 packages , trying to get the install order figured out and trying to remember which of the 10 packages is installed or not .
It ’s fantastic that GHC is finally getting a package and build manager .
If you have n’t played with cabal - install , you should :
darcs get -- partial http://darcs.haskell.org/cabal-install/ cd cabal - install sh bootstrap.sh ln -s ~/.cabal/bin/cabal ~/bin/ cabal ### or somewhere else useful cabal update
My only want for cabal - install is for it to install executables somewhere more useful than ~/.cabal .
But that ’s a minor gripe …
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
05/28/2009
NOM Spelling FAIL
by Jeremy Hooper
This is the final frame of NOM's new New York marriage ad ( debuting today on NY TV ) :
And we 're the ones who threaten school kids ?!?!
**UPDATE : OMG , we did n't even catch it until commenter Carolyn Marie Fugit pointed it out .
But if you look at the above again , you will also see that they wrote " same " twice !
** UPDATE2 : They 've put out a new version of their ad that corrects the word " marriage . "
However , they left the " same same . "
Your thoughts
How can they be taken anywhere near seriously anymore ?
Come on , a ' protector ' of marriage should at least be able to spell the word !
Oh wait !
Maybe we 've all been fighting them on the wrong thing all along !
They 're against marraige equality , not marriage equality !!
Posted by : Chris | May 28 , 2009 11:28:49 AM
Jeremy , I just HAD to steal it to put on my blog cause this is just TOO DAMN FUNNY not to .
I gave you full credit for it though ;
p
Posted by : a. mcewen | May 28 , 2009 12:05:20 PM
haha i love how you monitor these people and come up with this stuff .
so simple , yet brilliant .
http://queersunited.blogspot.com
Posted by : queerunity | May 28 , 2009 12:10:57 PM
Thanks for posting this .
It made my day . :)
Posted by : JeremyJames | May 28 , 2009 12:50:57 PM
We 're also suppose to say no to same same sex marriage .
Twice the same !
Posted by : Carolyn Marie Fugit | May 28 , 2009 1:55:28 PM
If they 're against same same marriage , does that mean they 're for opposite opposite marriage , which would be gay marriage ?
Posted by : kim | May 28 , 2009 2:22:21 PM
NOM are sick hateful people , but is a typo really news ?
Come on now folks .
Posted by : William | May 28 , 2009 3:07:34 PM
" but is a typo really news ?
Come on now folks . "
That they have now disseminated not one , but two versions on a much ballyhooed ad that both feature glaring typos ?
It 's not " news " and nobody claimed it was .
But it 's funny and gay - centric , which is a big part of what we do around here , William .
Posted by : G - A - Y | May 28 , 2009 3:14:53 PM
Oh , I love to see them fail .
I hope they blew their entire ad budget on this shit .
Thanks for the laugh !
Posted by : GreenEyedLilo | May 28 , 2009 5:18:00 PM
Maggie Gallagher is a cunt .
Posted by : Sharon | May 29 , 2009 12:34:11 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
OTTAWA – Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's Conservatives are losing ground to the Liberals and New Democrats in provinces that will hold the key to electoral victory , a new poll suggests .
The Canadian Press Harris - Decima survey indicates the Liberals maintained a slim , three - point lead over the Tories nationally .
But the Tories yielded political turf in Quebec , Ontario and British Columbia – the provinces most likely to determine the outcome of the next election .
" Nationally , the numbers appear to be quite stable , " said Jeff Walker , senior vice - president of Harris - Decima .
But he added : " Gaining votes matters most where parties can increase their number of seats and the Liberals are gaining where they need seats , whereas the Conservatives are not . "
Nationally , the Liberals were at 32 per cent , the Tories at 29 per cent , the NDP at 16 , the Greens at 11 , and the Bloc Quebecois at nine .
But in Ontario , which accounts for one - third of the seats in the House of Commons , the Conservatives were nine points behind the Liberals , with 31 per cent and 40 per cent respectively .
The NDP had 15 per cent support and the Greens 14 per cent .
In Quebec , the Tories fell to a distant third , with 12 per cent support compared to 40 per cent for the Bloc , 31 per cent for the Liberals , nine per cent for the NDP and five per cent for the Greens .
In B.C. , the Tories slipped into a second - place tie with the Liberals ( 26 per cent each ) , while the NDP pulled into a slim lead with 29 per cent support .
The Greens had 16 per cent .
In Atlantic Canada , the Liberals continued to maintain a strong advantage , with 41 per cent , compared to 27 per cent for the Tories , 25 per cent for the NDP and six per cent for the Greens .
The only bright spot for the Conservatives was in the Prairies , where they already hold all but seven seats and , thus , have little to gain .
In Alberta , the poll suggests the Tories continued to dominate with 55 per cent support , compared to 19 per cent for the Liberals , 14 per cent for the Greens and 10 per cent for the NDP .
In Manitoba - Saskatchewan , the poll pegged Conservative support at 46 per cent , to 23 per cent for the Liberals , 16 per cent for the NDP and 11 per cent for the Greens .
Walker said the Tories ' slide in key battleground provinces can be traced in large part to a loss of support among women voters , particularly those in large urban centres .
" This is the audience who 's actually moving .
Men are n't moving very much .
They pretty much know who they 're voting for , " Walker said .
The poll suggests 34 per cent of female respondents supported the Liberals , versus 28 per cent for the Tories .
Among urban women , Liberals enjoyed an 11 - point advantage , 37 per cent to 26 per cent for the Tories .
The survey of just over 2,000 respondents was conducted April 8 - 19 .
The national portion is considered accurate within 2.2 percentage points , 19 times in 20 .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Provincial findings have higher margins of error : 3.8 percentage points for the Ontario results ; 4.4 points for Quebec ; 6.1 points for B.C. ; 6.8 points for the Atlantic ; 6.9 points for Alberta ; and 6.9 points for Manitoba - Saskatchewan .
More information on the survey can be found at www.harrisdecima.com.
Read more about :
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
See Eugene Richards ’ related photo essay here .
hidalgo , mexico , 1999 .
Though the sun is beginning to filter in through the barred windows , it ’s damp and cold in the men ’s ward at Fernando Ocaranza Psychiatric Hospital — no more than 50 degrees .
Around the edges of the common room are tangled nests of men lying together in heaps , trying to stay warm .
Others shuffle busily back and forth , as if they have a destination in mind .
In the middle of the floor , running half the length of the ward , is a pool of urine .
Attendants prod a group of 15 or 20 naked men down a hallway into a shower room .
The patients moan and shiver as a worker bathes them .
Then they are herded back along the drafty hall , still dripping wet , and forced to compete with one another for items of clothing : shirts that cover only their shoulders , pants so large they have to be held up .
A few pull on dresses , since women ’s clothing has been mixed in with the men ’s during washing .
At the other end of the hospital , in the female ward , frail , heavily medicated women shudder beneath fluorescent fixtures .
An elderly lady who I think might have Alzheimer ’s is tied to a wheelchair , her arms wrapped around herself .
When I ask who she is , the attendant answers that she does n’t know “ the old one ’s ” name , only that she ’s been here a very long time .
This was the first of many trips .
Over the last decade , I ’ve crossed the globe as a volunteer photographer for Mental Disability Rights International , an advocacy group dedicated to improving conditions in psychiatric hospitals worldwide .
The kinds of cruelty I witnessed in Hidalgo , I ’ve since seen in Kosovo , Hungary , Argentina , Armenia , and Paraguay .
Overcrowded , cash - strapped mental health facilities in the United States are bad enough , but the conditions in the Third World are truly nightmarish .
Patients are bathed in ice water ; some are kept in rooms with no lights , while others are wrapped in straitjackets 20 hours a day .
Rapes go unpunished .
As of 2005 , 25 percent of countries — including China , Thailand , El Salvador , Turkey , and Vietnam — had no laws protecting psychiatric patients , while as of 2002 , laws in 15 percent of countries had n’t changed for at least 40 years .
It ’s as if there ’s a kind of worldwide agreement that once people are classified as mentally disabled or mentally ill , you can do things to them that you ’d otherwise never do .
Before arriving at the Neuro - Psychiatric Hospital in Asunción , Paraguay , in 2003 , I had heard rumors of an autistic teenage boy named Jorge locked in a tiny cell somewhere inside the facility .
I follow one of the workers along a dark corridor to a six - by - nine - foot isolation area with a hole in the floor for a toilet , a piece of foam for a bed , and bars through which food is passed .
Jorge , naked , crouches in the front part of the enclosure .
When we move closer , he reaches for our hands , throats , and faces , laughing and making loud , guttural noises .
Said to have been abandoned by his family , Jorge has been held for four years in this dank cell .
For two hours every other day , Jorge is let out , barefoot , into an outside enclosure where the ground is covered with broken glass .
The attendants do n’t speak to him ; instead , they look the other way .
I see a similar situation at a private group home a mile from the hospital , where a 13 - year - old boy lives in a cage barely big enough for a dog .
An epileptic since birth , he ’s on so many sedatives that he drools constantly .
Socks on his hands prevent him from sucking on fingers that were burned in a fire .
In so many photographs of the disenfranchised , subjects are shot to look wise and dignified , as if there is something ennobling about suffering .
We like these images for their optimism — all that serenity makes the squalor more palatable .
But all too often , when people are locked up , they lose their dignity .
Psychiatric patients rarely look transcendent — mostly , they seem frightened , vacant , miserable .
But shooting honest , brutal images presents another problem :
That can be too much to bear .
We peer in at the patients behind the iron bars and wonder if it might actually be safer with them in there .
Once you meet the patients , they ’re not so easy to push out of your mind .
If you go into the children ’s ward , you ’ll hear kids screaming , banging their heads against the wall .
Those could be your children .
That ’s the part I ca n’t show you .
( Richards photographed this project with the generous help of Mental Disability Rights International . )
WASHINGTON , March 16 ( Reuters ) - U.S. President Barack Obama expressed outrage on Monday over insurance giant AIG ’s payment of millions of dollars in bonuses to employees from taxpayer bailout funds and said he had asked Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner to pursue all legal avenues to block them .
“ Under these circumstances , it ’s hard to understand how derivative traders at AIG warranted any bonuses , much less $ 165 million in extra pay , ” Obama said in remarks prepared for delivery at an event at the White House .
“ How do they justify this outrage to the taxpayers who are keeping the company afloat ? ”
“ This is a corporation that finds itself in financial distress due to recklessness and greed , ” he added .
Now that the street sweepers across the country have 86'd the signs and banners leftover from the tax - day tea parties , one is left to ask the unanswered question : what would have happened if anything had actually happened ?
Yes , seeing a few thousand people dressed up as revolutionaries , a costumed Thomas Paine on YouTube , and the like was entertaining , but at the same time totally ineffective and completely forgotten on April 16 , 2009 .
Much in the same way that the national excitement of Ron Paul ’s Revolution which was fun to watch but was never able to translate into actual votes , or even a close third place finish .
In the most Liberty minded state , New Hampshire , with its motto of Live Free or Die , Paul came in 5th place with just over 18,000 votes , less than 9 % of the total .
Even though he ran as a Republican , his message was definitely Libertarian .
At the very least , his campaign should have launched a surge in the number of registered voters in the Libertarian Party with the result of propelling Libertarian candidates into office across the country .
But , as in past elections , not one Libertarian was elected to , or has ever been elected to any Congressional seat in the more than three decades since David Nolan founded the LP .
One could always blame the results on media ’s lack of coverage of third parties , but with the increasing influence of the Internet and recent influx of political cable coverage , that does n’t seem to be the case .
One would think that those who were advocates of Liberty who consider themselves revolutionaries , would jump off the Republican and Democrat band wagons and race to join the Party of Principle .
Libertarians who could actually work for freedom from Government that everyone publically claims to want and yet in the privacy of the voting booth , chicken out and vote the party line .
I use the term chicken because in spite of decades of political dissent , at the end of the day true freedom and liberty is a very frightening concept .
Freedom means not only individual Liberty , but also individual responsibility as well .
Those of us who have raised , or have been teenagers at some time in our lives , have revolted against parental authority , yet once we leave home and enter the world of adulthood , most fail miserably .
In many cases , we find that having rules and structure in our lives , even those we revolt against and do not wish to obey , is much easier than having none at all .
Freedom is a frightening concept .
For a majority of individuals , it is easier to be a follower than a leader , and while some may disagree with the course that leader chooses to take , few would chose to leave the flock and go off on their own .
The idiom ' better the devil you know than the devil you do n't ' means that it is often better to deal with someone or something you are familiar with and know , even if they are not ideal , than take a risk with an unknown person or thing .
And although most know the definition of liberty few are comfortable with the actual concept .
So it ’s no great mystery that while we all were entertained by the Ron Paul revolution , his campaign ’s money bombs , the huge banners and supporters , when the smoke cleared and the votes were counted , the devils we knew of the Democrats and Republicans were elected in record numbers in every major race .
A true revolution comes about when people not only have something to fight against , but something to fight for and a solid plan to achieve that objective .
After the last signature dried on the Declaration of Independence , I ’m sure a small voice in the back of the room whispered ;
What do we do now ?
After the Civil War was over and the slaves were freed , I ’m certain there were more than a few voices in the cotton fields who also wondered what do we do now ?
Liberty and freedom from taxes and government intrusion can only be achieved when there is an alternative in place .
If we reduce or even eliminate taxes altogether , what is the plan to pay for those services the taxes pay for ?
If the Campaign for Liberty achieves its goal , and we are all set free by oppressive government laws , the masses will cry out What do we do now ?
and the response will be silence .
Until there is an intelligent and realistic answer to that question , and individuals who have the strength and the courage to not only lead , but to inspire voters to follow , all the cries for revolution will never be much more than noise and an occasional sound bite on Fox news .
Until the American public is willing to accept the responsibility that comes with true liberty we will only have the devils we know and the government we have .
[ digg- reddit- me ]
In other periods of history , opponents of a state would assassinate leaders to force changes in policy .
The leader was invested with such power that removing him or her from his position would create an opportunity to change a government ’s policies and overall posture towards the world .
Today , although assassination is still a tool , the focus of opponents of the state – who are mainly identified as terrorists today – is to attack the Rule of Law .
The Rule of Law – the primacy of laws over all individuals , including those in power , a principle which prevents authoritarianism , the arbitrary use of power , and anarchy – is perhaps the most valuable and vulnerable asset a state can have .
Without it , there can be no democratic discourse or free elections and no free market .
Yet the Rule of Law is especially vulnerable as it relies upon a wide range of institutions and conditions – all of are required to achieve the public trust needed : an independent judiciary ; a professional police corps ; a relative peace ; the transparency of laws and law - making ; the right of every individual to be given a fair hearing if they are being held by the state ; a sense of basic justice within the society .
A single rogue cop , a corrupt judge , or an unjust law undermines the Rule of Law – and if it is not well - established , can destroy it .
Reading about Mexico and Pakistan – the two major nations the U.S. Joint Forces Command listed as major nations that could suddenly collapse in the next year – one is confronted again and again with what each has in common : the Rule of Law is being deliberately subverted by major groups within these nations .
If either nation is not able to maintain some semblance of the Rule fo Law within it ’s borders , they will have effectively collapsed .
In Mexico , the Rule of Law has been undermined for years but is perhaps now finally reaching a tipping point .
As Marc Lacey reported in the New York Times :
The cartels bring in billions of dollars more than the Mexican government spends to defeat them , and they spend their wealth to bolster their ranks with an untold number of politicians , judges , prison guards and police officers — so many police officers , in fact , that entire forces in cities across Mexico have been disbanded and rebuilt from scratch .
Steve Fainaru and William Booth reported in the Washington Post that :
The government is attempting to vet and retrain 450,000 officers , most at the state and municipal levels , employing lie detectors , drug tests , psychological profiling and financial reviews to weed out corruption and incompetence .
Nearly half of the 56,000 officers vetted so far have failed .
Police corruption is clearly endemic in Mexico .
It is for this reason that President Felipe Calderón has tasked the military with taking on the drug cartels – and it is also for this reason that many local police forces are now run by former military officers .
But as the Lacey article makes clear , even the military is compromised – both from within by informants paid off by the cartels – and by the army - sized force of former soldiers that works for the cartels :
Although Mexico ’s military is regarded as significantly less corrupt than the country ’s police forces , defense officials estimate that 100,000 soldiers have quit to join the cartels over the past seven years .
As evidence that Mexico is even more compromised , Lacey reports that :
The reach of the drug kingpins has even the army fearful .
Many soldiers cover their faces while on patrol to avoid being identified and singled out by the drug cartels .
The army also recently began allowing soldiers to grow their hair longer , because military - style crew cuts were believed to be putting off - duty soldiers at risk .
Sam Quinones writing for Foreign Policy described how thoroughly Mexico had changed in the past decade , recounting anecdotes about the flagrancy of the cartels ’ violation of laws .
Mayor José Reyes Ferriz of Ciudad Juárez lives across the border in Texas because he is not safe in the town he was elected to govern .
The cartels have brought Mexico almost to a breaking point because they have undermined the Rule of Law through large portions of the country .
The law is obviously a barrier to their illegal activities .
Fainaru and Booth reported a senior advisor to President Calderón explained the motivation behind the desire to use the military to attempt to combat the cartels :
The executions , the decapitations , the confrontations between the drug gangs .
There was a perception in society of lawlessness , that there was no state .
This perception is enough to destroy a nation – which is why the Mexican government has taken such drastic measures to combat it .
At the same time , the steps taken by President Calderón – using the military – have themselves undermined the Rule of Law .
As Monte Alejandro Rubido , a senior public security official explained the tradeoff :
It can be traumatic to have the army in control of public security , but I am convinced that we do n’t have a better alternative , even with all the risks that it implies .
It is good that Calderón realizes that there is a tradeoff .
His judgment remains that this is the least worst option – and his goal is one that we in America must share – the restoration of the Rule of Law in our neighbor .
Similarly , in Pakistan , the Rule of Law has been undermined by the central government – as former President Musharaff disbanded the Supreme Court , as President Zardari refused to restore Chief Justice Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry for a time and seemed to use the Court for partisan purposes – while at the same time , the Rule of Law is being directly attacked by the religious extremists who have now taken to attacking police academies .
The Rule of Law is a nation ’s most valuable asset – and unfortunately it is also most vulnerable .
It faces threats from government overreaction , from rogue forces within the government , from unjust laws , from corruption , and from extremists who violently oppose the state itself .
Mexico and Pakistan are becoming destabilized because large groups are attacking the Rule of Law – and each government ’s own reaction to these groups additionally undermines the Rule of Law .
Like Loading ...
( CNN ) -- Details emerged Wednesday from the first government - to - government talks between the two Koreas in more than a year .
A South Korean delegation arrives at a transit office in Paju , South Korea , near the Demilitarized Zone .
Tuesday 's talks ended quickly -- after 22 minutes -- South Korea 's Unification Ministry said .
The two sides were to discuss business deals tied to the Kaesung Industrial Complex in North Korea , which is run by both nations .
The talks broke off after the North Korean delegation refused to discuss the release of a detained South Korean worker , saying he was not on the agenda , according to South Korean officials .
The South Korean delegation was not able to meet the worker , or learn whether he would be formally charged with a crime , the Unification Ministry said .
The employee of Hyundai Asan Corp. has been accused of criticizing North Korea 's political system and trying to persuade a local worker to defect , according to the Yonhap news agency .
Pyongyang has held him at the industrial complex since March 30 , the news agency said .
The South Korea delegation said it would take " stern action that could lead to serious consequences , " if the matter were not resolved .
The brief meeting between North and South follows the recent test launch of a long - range rocket by North Korea .
The launch was condemned by the U.N. Security Council as a violation of a resolution banning ballistic missile testing .
North Korea later expelled U.S. nuclear experts and U.N. nuclear inspectors , ended six - party talks and said it would reactivate all its nuclear facilities .
The six - party talks -- involving China , Japan , North Korea , Russia , South Korea and the United States -- are aimed at disarming the North of nuclear weapons .
CNN 's Sohn Jie- Ae contributed to this report .
All About North Korea • South Korea
A Kansas - based church known for celebrating at the funerals of American soldiers killed in war plans to protest the staging of the musical “ Rent ” at an Orange County high school Friday .
The Westboro Baptist Church intends to picket at Corona del Mar High as classes let out and as audience members arrive for the play .
Counter - protesters also plan to attend .
The staging of “ Rent , ” a story of struggling artists in New York City including characters who are gay and diagnosed with AIDS , has created months of controversy at the affluent school .
It was nearly canceled , a fact cited in an ACLU lawsuit against the district alleging that the campus is homophobic and sexist .
Westboro Baptist Church believes end times are imminent and President Obama is the antichrist , said Shirley Phelps - Roper , daughter of the church ’s leader .
The church has been named a hate group by the Southern Poverty Law Center .
Advertisement
Phelps - Roper said eight people will travel to California to participate in the protest .
The organization announced the planned protest on its website earlier this month , describing the play as a “ lying , maudlin piece of propaganda ” and saying that those who “ enable ” such projects are “ worthy of death . ”
“ God hates [ gay people ] and [ their ] enablers ; ergo , God hates Corona del Mar High School ! ” the website said .
Church members show up at soldiers ’ funerals , contending that they are purposefully killed by God because America is accepting of homosexuality .
Advertisement
The Orange County Equality Coalition , which supports gay and lesbian rights , plans to support the teenage actors .
“ These courageous students have really been through the wringer , ” said B.J. Davis , chairwoman of the coalition ’s board .
“ It ’s our way of trying to stand up and say your community stands behind you . ”
Newport Beach police are developing staffing plans .
The controversy may have resulted in one bright spot : Tickets reportedly are selling briskly .
The play opens today .
Advertisement
--
seema.mehta@latimes.com
2009 -04-01 - Thomas Bächler
Recently the developers have been discussing the possibility of adding some additional optimizations to our i686 port to improve multimedia support .
This would involve reducing the compatibility with older systems .
As some of you may have heard ( [ 1 ] , Google translation [ 2 ] ) , this discussion has resulted in the decision to focus exclusively on the x86_64 port .
The overall opinion of the developers is that the x86_64 port is now complete enough to justify this decision and that this is in keeping with Arch 's philosophy of supporting current generation hardware .
The x86_64 architecture has been available since 2002 ( compared to i686 which is from 1995 ) , and we believe most of our i686 users have x86_64 compatible hardware .
An official time - line for the deprecation of the i686 port has not been established , but an official announcement needs to be made , as the decision has already been leaked to the ArchLinux - BR community .
However , it is likely that major updates ( GNOME , KDE , Xorg , etc ) will not be built for i686 in the immediate future .
Users will still be able to build packages for i686 packages using ABS .
As most of the architecture specific patches are for x86_64 , this should be relatively pain free .
[ 1 ]
http://groups.google.com/group/archlinux-br/browse_thread/thread/d1b6075adf9eba2d
[ 2 ]
http://translate.google.com/translate?prev=_t&hl=en&ie=UTF-8&u=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.google.com%2Fgroup%2Farchlinux-br%2Fbrowse_thread%2Fthread%2Fd1b6075adf9eba2d&sl=pt&tl=en&history_state0=
Mr. Courtney said that the agency had raided only a fraction of the thousands of marijuana dispensaries now operating and that agents had used discretion to go after only the worst offenders .
Image Jars of medical marijuana .
Federal officials are curbing raids .
Credit ... Michal Czerwonka for The New York Times
Thom Mrozek , a spokesman for the United States attorney in Los Angeles , said his office had prosecuted only four medical marijuana dispensary cases since the passage of Proposition 215 , a 1996 ballot measure that made California the first state to legalize medical marijuana .
That measure set off a decade - long fight over several legal issues .
The case of Charles Lynch , a dispensary operator whose business was raided on the same day as Mr. Duncan ’s , was the most prominent .
Mr. Lynch was convicted and will be sentenced on Monday in federal court .
He faces a minimum of five years in federal prison for charges that included selling to a minor under the age of 21 .
Mr. Lynch ’s lawyers argued that he violated no state laws while operating his dispensary and said that by registering with the local Chamber of Commerce and paying taxes , he was working to abide by the law .
Mr. Mrozek said Mr. Lynch had broken local and federal laws .
“ Charles Lynch might be the last man to go to jail for medical marijuana , ” Mr. Duncan said .
A Justice Department official said the situation of marijuana dispensary operators already in the criminal justice system would be decided case by case .
Mark Agrast , a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress , a liberal - leaning research group in Washington , said Mr. Holder ’s statement indicated a more pragmatic and less ideological approach to drug enforcement .
“ This is an example of recognizing the limited resources they have , so they have to make decisions about the soundest use of available resources , ” Mr. Agrast said .
April 9 , 2009  --
A top British counter - terrorism official has resigned after he was photographed yesterday carrying a top secret document regarding an ongoing investigation into suspected al Qaeda " driven attack planning within the UK " in plain view .
The embarrassing blunder caused an uproar in England , and authorities rushed to arrest 12 men under the Terrorism Act in the now compromised terrorism investigation .
In a statement , the assistant commissioner at the center of the scandal , Bob Quick , acknowledged that he may have compromised the operation , adding , " I deeply regret the disruption caused to colleagues undertaking the operation and remain grateful for the way in which they adapted quickly and professionally to a revised timescale . "
Sources tell ABC
News the planned large - scale attack was imminent , with definite ties to al Qaeda .
The Daily Mail reported that Quick was resigning with a pension of over $ 110,000 British pounds ( over $ 160,000 ) .
The BBC and other British news outlets had published photographs of Quick as he was heading to a meeting at 10 Downing Street , in which he can be seen carrying a document labeled " Secret " and which contained details about an upcoming terrorist operation .
British Raids Result in 12 Arrests
Several hundred officers were involved in raids resulting in the arrests of the 12 men , who ranged in age from a teenager to a 41 - year - old man , according to the Greater Manchester Police , who were also conducting searches at eight locations .
Eleven of the men arrested were Pakistani - born nationals in Britain on student visas , while the other was from the UK .
" Although the operation is ongoing , this phase is still in its very early stages , so the information we can release about it is limited , " said Detective Chief Superintendent Tony Porter , head of the North West CTU .
According to the British newspaper " The Telegraph " the exposed " briefing note " contained details of the locations and manner of the intended arrests , names of senior officers in charge of the operation and the " media strategy " once the suspects were rounded up .
Scotland Yard Official Regrets Mistake
British defense press officials sent an urgent note to all major British media alerting them " a media agency may be offering a photograph which contains highly sensitive information about a current counter - terrorist operation " and urging them not to publish details of the operation without seeking " advice " , but the damage was done .
A Scotland Yard spokesman later told reporters the top counter terrorism official had apologized to his colleagues .
" Assistant Commissioner Quick accepts he made a mistake on leaving a sensitive document in open view and deeply regrets it . "
Click Here for the Investigative Homepage .
I have ever examined many 4ss in the world , i traveled to Europe , Asia , America , I found out that the most beautiful 4ss is in Argentina
A weekly comic strip , covering politics , pop culture , and the absurd .
Shitty Jobs for Shitty Times
Ethnic Stereotype Debunker - " You 're an excellent driver , and your penis is enormous ! "
Royal Taco Eater -
" Your taco is safe your majesty .
Safe , and delicious . "
Blogger Trapper - " I done got me a big 'un .
HuffPo's gonna aggregate the shit out of him ! "
Tattoo Ghostwriter - " I want it to say how much I love Tammy , but also show how dope her tits are . "
Motel Condom Rental Agent
Death Coach =
" Why do n't you fucking die already ? ! "
Reality - Based Ghost Hunter - " Help !
My house is haunted ! "
" No it 's not .
Ghosts do n't exist . "
Migrant Manscaper
Alexander Artemenko starts a game he calls “ Do you a have printer.css ?
I do ! ” in which you rat out your blog friends for not printing nicely .
When I saw it , I was surprised at some of the blogs he mentions that do n’t print well , because this is a well - established technique .
I ’ve had a print stylesheet for a while , so I smugly considered myself to be in the GOOD category .
When I tried my site though , I saw that my print stylesheet was a little neglected .
Although I was n’t offering up sidebar and comment forms for printing , some unneeded graphical elements had snuck in .
And my recently overhauled home page was kind of a wreck on paper , since I not only had forgotten to accommodate it in my print stylesheet , I had forgotten to link to my print stylesheet from there at all !
So I fixed everything and all is well again .
There are good resources for how to do print CSS , but it ’s not difficult .
If you have the CSS chops to have designed your pages in the first place , this will be a breeze .
First , create a new empty CSS file , call it printstyle.css .
Link to it in the < head > section of your page :
< link rel = ' stylesheet ' href = ' printstyle.css ' type = ' text / css ' media = ' print ' >
Then visit your page , and select Print Preview in your browser .
How does it look ?
There ’s probably stuff you want to fix .
Simply add style rules to printstyle.css to correct whatever is wrong .
For example , You ’ll probably have entire sections of your page you do n’t want to print at all .
Give them a display : none rule .
Narrow columns can be fixed with width : 100 % .
Fancy positioning can be undone with float : none or position : static .
Garish styling can be set back to black and white .
You may find you need to select sections of your pages differently than you had to for the screen .
For instance , my home page has inline CSS since it ’s unique on my site , but it shares the printstyle.css stylesheet , so I added an id to the body tag ( < body id =” mainpage ” > ) so that I could write print CSS rules that applied only to the home page .
When you are done , you ’ll have a printable page that looks like you meant for your stuff to be printed , not the usual web printing experience of mostly - blank pages and ads all over the place , complemented with taunting input forms that ca n’t be filled in .
Printing well is one of those nice touches web designers often overlook , but it ’s not difficult at all , and will pleasantly surprise your printing readers when they put your content through their printer and end up with something they can actually use .
I ’m not going to pick on ten blogs I read .
My checklist looks like this :
In fact , I think a better game is to pick a blogger in the BAD category , and suggest fixes to get them going .
For example , Simon Willison ’s main problem is that his content is in a overflow : hidden div , which makes it both pop onto a page of its own , and be clipped to that page , giving you three pages out of your printer : two blank except for navigation , and one with only the start of the content .
This would go a long way to making Simon printable :
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The United States is boycotting a U.N. conference on racism next week over a document that " singles out " Israel in its criticism and conflicts with the nation 's " commitment to unfettered free speech , " the U.S. State Department said Saturday .
The Congressional Black Caucus criticized the boycott , saying President Obama 's decision " set the cause back . "
The Obama administration made the decision not to attend the Durban Review Conference in Geneva " with regret , " a State Department statement said .
Two months ago , the administration had warned that it would boycott the conference if changes were not made to the document to be adopted by the conference .
In recent weeks , discussions over the document have fueled several revisions , but the changes to the language did n't meet U.S. expectations , the statement said .
The current draft is " significantly improved , " but " it now seems certain these remaining concerns will not be addressed in the document to be adopted by the conference next week . "
State Department officials say the document contains language that reaffirms the Durban Declaration and Programme of Actions from the 2001 conference in Durban , South Africa , which the United States has said it wo n't support .
The 2001 document " prejudges key issues that can only be resolved in negotiations between the Israelis and Palestinians , " the statement said .
Australia also said it would boycott the conference .
Foreign Minister Stephen Smith said the 2001 document unfairly " singled out " Israel .
" " Regrettably , we cannot be confident that the Review Conference will not again be used as a platform to air offensive views , including anti-Semitic views , " he said .
Disagreements over the Middle East and slavery that year had threatened to derail the conference goal of creating a global blueprint for fighting discrimination .
At the time , Israel had said it was disappointed so much of the conference had focused on its relations with Palestinians .
The Obama administration also said recent additions to the document regarding " incitement " contradict the United States ' stance on free speech .
Still , the United States " will continue to work assiduously " with all nations " to combat bigotry and end discrimination , " the statement said .
Meanwhile , the Congressional Black Caucus said it was " deeply dismayed " by the decision made by the nation 's first African - African president , saying it was inconsistent with administration policies .
" Had the United States sent a high - level delegation reflecting the richness and diversity of our country , it would have sent a powerful message to the world that we 're ready to lead by example , " the statement said .
" Instead , the administration opted to boycott the conference , a decision that does not advance the cause of combating racism and intolerance , but rather sets the cause back . "
CNN 's Scott Spoerry contributed to this report .
All About Racism and Bigotry • Israel • U.S. Department of State • Middle East Conflict • U.S. Congressional Black Caucus
During the past 400 years much good and bad has befallen the folk of the Banded Folkdoms and set - backs , whilst at times ill - boding and dreadful , have not stopped them from going forth and showing themselves to be world leaders in so many fields , such as starfaring , healcraft and witcraft .
Åtte snikskytter spre seg rundt huset og dekte alle balkonger og innganger .
Eight snipers spread ( themselves ) around the house and covered all balconies and entrances .
Eight sneakshooters
( snipers )
spread themselves round the house and decked
( covered )
all balconies and ingoings
( entrances )
.
impossible
unmightly
miserable
sorrowly
coast
searim
discover
onfind
degenerate
misborn
Let 's say you just started learning Norwegian and your textbook has given you this sentence to decipher .
After doing your best to do it yourself , you turn the page to check the answer , which is : That 's a good translation when reading a book translated from Norwegian into English .
But wait a second , this is a textbook for the student of Norwegian , is it not ?
What if this was the English translation instead ?
The second translation is clearly the better one for a student of the language , given that the objective of this textbook is to help the student learn the language as quickly as possible .
The prevalence of Latin and French vocabulary in English is a bit of a crutch for English speakers when they embark on the study of another Germanic language , whereas speakers of other Germanic languages usually have an easier time learning other Germanic languages .
That 's why the general consensus among Norwegians for example is that German is an easier language to learn than Spanish , whereas for those in the US and even Canada the opposite would be true .
But there is one way to give the English speaker a leg up in learning a Germanic language , and that 's by using Anglish .
What is Anglish ?
There are different definitions of just what constitutes Anglish , but it 's basically a modified form of English that uses as many Germanic words as possible .
That means replacing words likewithwithwithwith , andwith ( misborn actually sounds like a much harsher insult than degenerate , BTW ) .
The end result looks something like this :
Deutchland ( English : Germany ) is a folkdom in north middle Europe , often grouped with Western Europe for eretidly and Kithship rows .
The rikeupheld name is the Bandish Folkdom of Deutchland ( High Deutch : Bundesrepublik Deutschland ) .
It has 80,000,000 folk and has the third largest wealthhood in the world .
The most spoken tongue is High Deutch from the south of the country .
In the north Saxon parts they have Low - Duetsch and Frisian , siblings and the roots of our own English .
Big towns inclose Berlin ( the headtown ) , Bonn , Munich , Stuttgart , Koeln , Bremen , Hamburg , Karlsruhe , Nuremberg and Dresden .
Most folk of the land dwell in these towns .
Deutchland is cleft into thirteen shires and three bandish towns : Baden - Württemberg , Bayern , Berlin , Brandenburg , Bremen , Hamburg , Hessen , Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Niedersachsen , Nordrhein - Westfalen , Rheinland - Pfalz , Saarland , Sachsen , Sachsen - Anhalt , Schleswig - Holstein , Thüringen .
opgeven
aufgeben
overleven
überleben
overleve
Berichtigung
rettelse
Anglish is therefore a modified version of English that carries a much larger share of Germanic cognates than modern English , but at the same time is almost perfectly legible even to those who have never seen it before ; in short , it 's a partial restoration of the advantage English speakers used to have when learning other Germanic languages .
Some examples of this commonality can be seen in this page , and here are a few : relinquish - offgive ( from OE ofgiefan ) , cf. Dutch , Germansurvive - overlive ( from OE oferlibban ) , cf. Dutch , German , Norwegiancorrection - righting ( from OE rihting ) , cf. German , NorwegianConsidering that to truly learn a language takes years in any case , there is a lot to be gained from the creation of textbooks for Germanic languages that first teach the student to read Anglish , and after that then proceed to learn the chosen Germanic language with the explanations now written in Anglish instead of English .
In this situation when English can already be written almost entirely comprehensibly using more Germanic vocabulary , there really is no reason to keep on using a large amount of Latinate vocabulary , as it is quite out of place and does n't help the student at all .
You would still naturally want to keep using modern English in textbooks used by aspiring translators and interpreters , as these people have already learned the language to an extent that the cognates are now a distraction , and they need to be able to quickly switch from one language to another ... but the vast majority of language students do not reach this level for quite some time , if ever .
The only roadblock in creating these textbooks would be a standardization of the type of Anglish to use .
It would probably be best to create three varieties of the language ( yet still quite similar ) : one for West Germanic languages ( German , Dutch , Frisian , Afrikaans ) , another for Scandinavian languages , and a final one for Icelandic and Faroese , which have the most " pure " Germanic wordstock of them all .
Thus , the Anglish used to learn the first two groups would refer to anthropology as anthropology since even these Germanic languages use the Greek loanword , but for Icelandic it would refer to it as manlore , since that is a proposed Anglish word that corresponds better with the Icelandic mannfræði .
The same would go with meteorology , which would be unchanged except in the Icelandic textbook where it would be referred to as weatherlore ( veðurfræði ) .
Sound like a pie in the sky idea ?
It 's not .
It 's just one example of a controlled natural language , a phenomenon that already exists .
ASD Simplified Technical English is an example of this in the aerospace industry , where only a certain kind of English can be used to avoid ambiguity when giving intructions to people , especially those that do n't speak English as a first language .
Anglish would simply be another controlled natural language used for a single task - the learning of other Germanic languages for students with an English - only background .
The only thing Anglish needs is an agreed upon standardized form , and then it 'll be ready for use .
MOSCOW  Russia officially ended what it called its counterterrorism operation in the southern region of Chechnya on Thursday with an announcement that carried symbolic weight as the end of a decade of Muslim separatist battles for independence .
The announcement also underscored the success of Chechnya ’s strongman president , Ramzan A. Kadyrov , in establishing a fragile stability that has , among other things , allowed rebuilding to begin in Grozny , the obliterated capital .
But critics charge that the peace has been achieved through campaigns of unsparing brutality that have included human rights violations .
Russia ’s National Antiterrorist Committee said in a statement that the decision was made “ to guarantee conditions for the further normalization of the situation in the republic and for the development of its social and economic spheres . ”
The committee did not mention troop withdrawals , though Russian officials said they would now have more legal leeway to scale down the number of federal military and security forces .
While the violence in Chechnya has declined , it seemed likely that many troops and security forces could remain for some time .
Just two days after Sweden 's new anti-piracy law came into force , two men have been arrested for sharing copyrighted files and administering a rip -box .
The arrests were part of an international operation headed by Europol , and the suspects are alleged to be part of an international network .
Yesterday we reported that , after the Intellectual Property Rights Enforcement Directive ( IPRED ) came into force earlier this week , Swedish Internet traffic dropped by 30 % .
Now , just a day later , the first file - sharing related arrests have been announced .
While the investigation was probably finished before IPRED , it might affect the penalties , if the two are found guilty .
Two men , both aged 29 , are alleged to have shared copyright infringing files .
The police seized their computers and other equipment in the city of Skövde , according to an Aftonbladet report .
Fredrik Ingblad , the prosecutor assigned to the case said in a response to the arrests , “ The two people in Sweden are suspected of having been part of an international network that have made a large amount of movies available . ”
When the prosecutor refers to an ‘ international network ’ he means the Scene .
So far he has provided no information on how many files were shared .
In addition to sharing copyrighted works , the two are also suspected of operating a so called ‘ rip box ’ , a high powered computer where movies can be quickly decoded and ripped into the appropriate format .
The prosecutor further said that the case was part of an international police operation against illegal file - sharing , codenamed Operation Carbonite .
The operation is headed by Europol and law enforcement agencies from the USA , UK , The Netherlands , Belgium and Sweden are involved .
The two were questioned at a local police station , but at this point it is not known how they responded to the accusations .
They will be questioned further , and if IFPI operating manager Lars Gustafsson is to be believed , this is only one of many file - sharing related cases this year .
Editor 's note : Nathaniel Frank is author of " Unfriendly Fire : How the Gay Ban Undermines the Military and Weakens America " and is senior research fellow at the Palm Center , a think tank at the University of California , Santa Barbara , that has focused on gender , sexuality and the military .
He also teaches on the adjunct faculty at New York University .
Nathaniel Frank says there 's no evidence that letting gays serve openly would harm the military .
( CNN ) --
This week , four senior retired officers wrote an op -ed in The Washington Post predicting " grave harm " to the military if President Obama moves forward with his vow to let gays serve openly .
" Our experience , " they wrote , " and that of more than 1,000 retired flag and general officers , " suggest that lifting the ban would harm unit cohesion , recruitment and retention , and would ultimately " break the All - Volunteer Force . "
The argument is an old one , and was an effective canard in defeating President Clinton 's move to lift the ban in 1993 .
But it has never been rooted in fact or evidence , and the effort of these officers to defeat equal treatment this time around will face mountains of opposing data and a dramatically changed cultural landscape .
The officers who oppose openly gay service do not base their arguments on any new information .
In addition to their own experience -- an impressive credential that 's nevertheless too vague to hang an argument on -- the officers rely on a single poll .
They cite an unscientific survey -- it does not draw from a representative sampling but from newspaper subscribers -- indicating that 58 percent of the military oppose lifting the ban and that , if it 's lifted , 24 percent claim they will leave or consider leaving after their tour ends .
But it 's naïve at best , and disingenuous at worst , to confuse this opinion survey with a sound prediction of actual behavior .
When both Britain and Canada proposed lifting their gay bans in the 1990s , similar opinion surveys found much higher numbers -- about two - thirds in both cases -- claiming they , too , would leave .
In each case , no more than three departures were attributed to the policy change .
Three .
In fact , the evidence showing that openly gay service works is overwhelming .
Since 1957 , when the U.S. military began doing its own studies on gays in the military , every last bit of research has shown that openly gay service works .
Studies of foreign militaries include a 1993 Government Accountability Office study of allied nations that found that " the presence of homosexuals in the military is not an issue and has not created problems in the functioning of military units " ; a 1994 assessment by the U.S. Army Research Institute for the Behavioral and Social Sciences finding that predicted negative consequences of ending gay exclusion in the Canadian Forces never materialized ; the 2000 assessment of the British Ministry of Defense , calling its new policy of equal treatment " a solid achievement " with " no discernible impact " on recruitment or other critical variables ; and four academic studies conducted by the Palm Center , where I work , finding that lifting bans in Britain , Israel , Canada and Australia had no negative impact on military readiness , including on recruitment and retention .
The officers writing in The Washington Post question the relevance of foreign militaries to this debate , mocking the idea that the U.S. military " must emulate Denmark , the Netherlands and Canada . "
But they failed to note that 24 of our closest allies let gays serve openly , including Britain , whose combat - tested soldiers and sailors serve shoulder to shoulder with U.S. forces .
While our military and culture are unique in the world , it 's an astonishing vote of no-confidence in American troops to say that they are not capable of doing what 24 other militaries have done successfully .
Ours is a professional , disciplined fighting force , and the assertion that a diverse military would lack order and discipline is , as Rep. Patrick Murphy , an Iraq War veteran , has said , " an insult " to him and the entire U.S. military .
But it 's not just foreign militaries that provide real evidence on gay service .
A majority of U.S. troops know of , or suspect , gays in their units , giving the lie to the most basic assumption underlying the gay ban : that openly gay service could never work .
After all , gays are already serving , and serving openly , without causing problems .
Yet despite the law 's failure to keep many open gays out , the ban 's persistence means that gay troops are subject to random dismissals and are often unable to access military support services for fear of being found out and fired .
Even extensive research by our own military has concluded the gay ban is unnecessary , including a large 1993 study by the RAND Corporation -- a think tank created by the military itself -- and two official military studies -- a 1989 study by the Defense Personnel Security Research Center and the Navy 's 1957 Crittenden report -- which all found sexual orientation is irrelevant to military performance .
Indeed , neither the military nor anyone else has ever turned up a shred of evidence tying openly gay service to impairment of the military .
When the officers ' claims are pitted against the wealth of actual facts and research on this issue , they are shown for what they really are : fear and intolerance , rooted in a world that 's largely disappeared .
Indeed , the vast majority of these retired officers , including the authors of this week 's op - ed , retired before the current " do n't ask , do n't tell " policy even began in 1994 .
Their military is not the same as today's , where three - quarters of troops are " personally comfortable " with gays and lesbians , and " do n't ask , do n't tell " is considered " a joke . "
These officers attribute current efforts to lift the ban to " gay rights activists , " when in fact , according to consistent polling , four - fifths of the American public favors repeal , including majorities of Republicans , conservatives and even churchgoers .
It also includes many retired officers who did serve under , and used to support , the current policy , such as Gen.
John Shalikashvili , former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , who sees the ban as a threat to military readiness .
The officers say there is " no compelling national security reason " to accept the " risks " of lifting the ban , which they say include the likely loss of " experienced personnel who are not easily replaced . "
But under current policy , more than 800 " mission - critical specialists " have been fired just because they 're gay , including more than 60 Arabic linguists .
Due to the military 's overall struggle to meet its recruiting goals , it has had to lower standards and admit convicted felons .
Kicking out capable troops while replacing them with ex-convicts is not a recipe for good order and discipline .
Forcing soldiers to lie to each other is not good for morale or cohesion .
Drumming out Arabic linguists at a time when we do n't have enough to translate what our enemies are saying is bad , not good , for national security .
If these officers care more about our nation than about preserving an embalmed military culture , they 'll cease and desist .
The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of Nathaniel Frank
All About GLBT Issues • U.S. Armed Forces Activities • United Kingdom
In the 17th century , when groups of men plundered the seas in ships filled with rats and scurvy , they agreed on a code to keep themselves civilly uncivil .
I propose the same for BitTorrent .
Advertisement
My code is n't necessarily the code for everyone .
But it is the code for my ship , my computer , my slow - ass DSL connection that can't steal anything worth a damn anyway .
Here is the code that I live by .
Advertisement
Article One
Every man shall upload half of what he downloads , with the saints filling in the rest .
It 's like tossing back a tiny fish so that it may grow into a great whale ... only so we can hunt said whale and feast on its blubber during a later voyage .
Article Two
TV is to be downloaded , movies are to be attended when a man returns to shore .
If ye are n't a Neilsen family , what you watch does n't matter for ratings anyway .
Since advertisers pay by rating , it 's a theft - less crime .
Movies , on the other hand , do see profits of gold and jewels .
So support independent / foreign film in the theaters , and save the action flicks with high production values and many beautiful explosions for the big screen , too .
Hollywood romantic comedies ?
They are for plundering ( in secret ) .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 " 8 K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Article Three
A man shall steal as much music as he needs to quench his thirst , assuming that he supports the band by attending concerts and buying t- shirts .
One should always buy the work of an indie label , however , if the music is deemed pleasant after the new moon , it 's time for purchasing .
Article Four
Ye would n't be a pirate if ye did n't download Photoshop .
But for the office , such manners are frowned upon .
Make your employer pay so that others may play .
And if a man spends his life building a $ 10 app , that man has earned his $ 10 .
Toss him a coin should you requisition his services .
Advertisement
Article Five
Pornography can keep a man company at sea , but always avoid that dealing with husbandry .
Girlfriend sharing is OK , assuming the missus knows she 's on the Bay .
( We 're pirates , not douchebags . )
Article Six
JK Rowling 's booty is apt for plundering , but her 's is a rare case indeed .
If a book be in the library and tis in stock , one could make an argument to download for free .
But our conscience dictates that we buy some books to keep good writers in print .
Advertisement
Article Seven
If at any time a man should download a virus , that man must notify the message board immediately .
If at any time a man should actively upload a virus , no retributive measure shall be deemed too brutal .
An arse becomes fair game for a hook .
Article Eight
After you try it , if you really like it and can afford to do so , buy it .
Advertisement
As I said , these are the pirating rules that I live by .
They might not be right for every sea , but they 've served me just fine for many a year .
What be your pirate code ?
TV Judge Greg Mathis and filmmaker Matty Rich are teaming up to create a game for PC , PS3 and Xbox 360 called Mathis “ Detroit ” Street Judge .
The game is expected to be reminiscent of Grand Theft Auto – but with prison rape .
Huh ?
Mathis says his goal as a judge , and as a gamer , is to introduce consequences to today ’s youth , and the best way to do that , is through videogames .
“ The main difference between our game and Grand Theft Auto is that players will have to deal with the justice system and consequences for their actions , ” said Mathis .
“ When you go to prison , you gain credibility when you come back on the streets .
On the other hand , when you go to prison you can also be raped .
So take your chances .
We may see young people who make the wrong choice and go to prison and are assaulted repeatedly ( in this game ) . ”
The third - person , open - world shooter takes place in the rough end of Detroit , where players assume the role of ex-convict La-Ron Washington .
La-Ron has two strikes against him and if he messes up again , Judge Mathis will throw the book at him – if the Detroit underworld does n’t get to him first .
Subscribe to the VG247 newsletter
Get all the best bits of VG247 delivered to your inbox every Friday !
Enable JavaScript to sign up to our newsletter
“ Videogames allow you to obtain the fulfillment of [ a violent ] lifestyle without being in it , ” he added .
Loads more through the link .
