Dallas police officer indicted in fatal Sam's Club robbery Dallas police officer indicted in fatal robbery
He is accused of participating in a shooting at a Sam's Club
DALLAS — A Dallas police officer was indicted Monday on an aggravated robbery charge , accused of participating in a June robbery at a Sam's Club where he worked off - duty as a security guard .
Officer Alph Coleman was working , but in his police uniform , when he told investigators that a man held a pistol to his head inside a Sam's Club store and forced him against his will toward the accounting office .
A telephone number listed under Coleman 's name was disconnected Monday night .
The robbery failed when employees barricaded themselves inside a storage room , police said .
Coleman had said he was walked outside the store , pushed to the ground and heard two gunshots .
Coleman fired three times at the suspect , according to a Dallas police report .
The suspect fled and was not caught , and Coleman was hospitalized with a shoulder injury .
Police said they determined Coleman was not telling the truth and have phone records showing Coleman and the getaway driver had talked shortly before the robbery .
Floyd Gibson Jr. , 37 , and Christopher Johnson , 26 , were also indicted on aggravated robbery charges .
Gibson and Cecil Rosemond , 35 , were indicted on a charge of conspiracy to commit robbery .
Coleman , a four - year employee , has been on administrative leave .
Police said he has no history of disciplinary actions .
A decision will be made on whether to fire Coleman once an administrative investigation is completed , The Dallas Morning News reported Monday in its online edition .
NB : This is a reposting of an article written by Robert two years ago on how winter gasoline differs from summer gasoline , and why this tends to make winter gasoline less expensive than summer gasoline .
We also now have a lot of reports of gasoline outages due to short supply following Hurricanes Gustav and Ike .
Feel free to discuss those in this thread or scroll down to the refinery / pipeline / gas shortages thread .
Gas stations sell a special , more expensive fuel blend during the summer to cut down on smog during hot months .
Stations nationwide will start selling a less - expensive winter fuel blend Friday , which could lead to even lower prices , analysts said .
Every year in late summer , you will start hearing references in the media about the conversion to winter gasoline , such as the following ( originally in the Bradenton Herald , but the link is long dead ) :
A Primer on Gasoline Blending
Gasoline is composed of many different hydrocarbons .
Crude oil enters a refinery , and is processed through various units before being blended into gasoline .
A refinery may have a fluid catalytic cracker ( FCC ) , an alkylate unit , and a reformer , each of which produces gasoline blending components .
Alkylate gasoline , for example , is valuable because it has a very high octane , and can be used to produce high - octane ( and higher value ) blends .
Light straight run gasoline is the least processed stream .
It is cheap to produce , but it has a low octane .
The person specifying the gasoline blends has to mix all of the components together to meet the product specifications .
There are two very important ( although not the only ) specifications that need to be met for each gasoline blend .
The gasoline needs to have the proper octane , and it needs to have the proper Reid vapor pressure , or RVP .
While the octane of a particular grade is constant throughout the year , the RVP spec changes as cooler weather sets in .
The RVP is the vapor pressure of the gasoline blend when the temperature is 100 degrees F. Normal atmospheric pressure varies , but is usually around 14.7 lbs per square inch ( psi ) .
Atmospheric pressure is caused by the weight of the air over our heads .
If a liquid has a vapor pressure of greater than local atmospheric pressure , that liquid boils .
For example , when you heat a pot of water , the vapor pressure increases until it reaches atmospheric pressure .
At that point , the water begins to boil .
In the summer , when temperatures can exceed 100 degrees F in many locations , it is important that the RVP of gasoline is well below 14.7 .
Otherwise , it can pressure up your gas tanks and gas cans , and it can boil in open containers .
Gas that is boiled off ends up in the atmosphere , and contributes to air pollution .
Therefore , the EPA has declared that summer gasoline blends may not exceed 7.8 psi in some locations , and 9.0 psi in others .
A typical summer gasoline blend might consist of 40 % FCC gas , 25 % straight run gas , 15 % alkylate , 18 % reformate , and 2 % butane .
The RVP of the gasoline blend depends on how much of each component is in the blend , and what the RVP is of each component .
Butane is a relatively inexpensive ingredient in gasoline , but it has the highest vapor pressure at around 52 psi .
In a gasoline blend , each component contributes a fraction to the overall RVP .
In the case of butane , if there is 10 % butane in the blend , it will contribute around 5.2 psi ( 10 % of 52 psi ) to the overall blend .
( In reality , it is slightly more complicated than this , because some components interact with each other which can affect the expected RVP ) .
This means that in the summer , the butane fraction must be very low in the gasoline , or the overall RVP of the blend will be too high .
That is the primary difference between winter and summer gasoline blends .
Why Prices Fall in the Fall
Winter gasoline blends are phased in as the weather gets cooler .
September 15th is the date of the first increase in RVP , and in some areas the allowed RVP eventually increases to 15 psi .
This has two implications for gasoline prices every fall .
First , as noted , butane is a cheaper blending component than most of the other ingredients .
That makes fall and winter gasoline cheaper to produce .
But the increased ability to add butane also means that gasoline supplies effectively increase as the RVP requirement increases .
Not only that , but this all takes place after summer driving season , when demand typically falls off .
On the other hand , refiners usually draw down inventories of summer gasoline leading up to September 15th to make room for the changeover , and this can lead to vulnerabilities should hurricanes come into play ( as they did this year ) .
These factors normally combine each year to reduce gasoline prices in the fall ( even in non-election years ) .
The RVP is stepped back down to summer levels starting in the spring , and this usually causes prices to increase .
But lest you think of buying cheap winter gasoline and storing it until spring or summer , remember that it will pressure up as the weather heats up , and the contained butane will start to vaporize out of the mix .
And that 's why gasoline prices generally fall back in the fall , and spring forward in the spring .
ED : This post originally ran September 15 , 2006 .
Republicans are in trouble , so it ’s time to bash the gays .
As I wrote last night , now that McCain is in serious danger of losing , he and Palin are going for broke and doing everything to they can to move far to the right .
When Republicans are cornered , they revert to their old ugly selves :
Bigotry .
Intolerance .
Divisiveness .
Hate .
Fear .
The GOP has embraced a base that is , well , pretty base .
John McCain and the party leadership in Washington seem to think that the die - hard voters of the party , the 23 percenters who still think George Bush is doing a chipper job , respond well to a message based on blatant lies and seething hatred .
What does that say about the GOP base ?
What does it say about McCain ’s impression of them ?
McCain ’s campaign of hate has now seeped into the lower races ( probably by intent ) .
First up : Liddy Dole .
Elizabeth
Dole is a hater .
And , she does n’t deserve to be in the United States Senate .
Kay Hagan can beat her – Kay Hagan IS beating her .
But with two weeks ago , we can still lose this race – you ’d better believe the GOP does n’t want a “ Dole ” to lose .
Please click the box to the left and donate to Dole ’s opponent , Kay Hagan .
We ’ve set a modest goal of $ 10,000 .
I know you guys can do it – we did it two years ago for a number of candidates .
Let ’s open our hearts and our pocketbooks and help crush the Republicans , especially the homophobes like Liddy Dole .
Last week , Dole was blasted by the Fayetteville Observer in an editorial titled , “ Dole ’s new ads set the low mark in negative political campaigning . ”
Now , in this election climate , you have to go pretty damn low to set the low mark .
This excerpt gives a taste of where Liddy went :
Her ads are not only an attack on Hagan but on homosexuals , suggesting that homosexuals are predatory .
Imagine if she had said all heterosexuals are rapists ?
We understand Dole ’s desperation .
The polls show she ’s trailing Hagan , and she ’s dipping into her own pocket to support her campaign .
But jumping into the deep end of the slime pool is no way to catch up .
Dole ’s ad ends by saying that Hagan ca n’t be trusted to defend North Carolina values .
Sen .
Dole seems to have forgotten that one of the things we value here in North Carolina is civil behavior toward our neighbors , no matter their race , religion , gender , political or sexual preference .
Okay , I would n’t have used the terms “ homosexual ” and “ sexual preference , ” but , this is Fayetteville and you get the drift .
Kay Hagan is leading in the polls right now .
But , she ’s facing an onslaught of negative attack ads from Dole and the National Republican Senatorial Committee , which Liddy used to run .
Hagan needs to raise some extra funds to run her new ad during Liddy ’s favorite t.v. show , Law and Order .
We ’ve set up an ActBlue page for Hagan .
Let ’s help Hagan fund the new ad — and send a message to Liddy Dole that hate does n’t work .
The athlete is making his professional comeback in conjunction with an effort to raise cancer awareness
Lance Armstrong is hopping back on his bike – and returning to professional cycling , the athlete officially confirmed in a video blog posted on Tuesday .
Get push notifications with news , features and more .
“ After long talks with my kids , the rest of my family and a close group of friends , I have decided to return to professional cycling in 2009 , ” Armstrong , 36 , said in his video announcement .
The announcement comes after speculation that Armstrong would return to the Tour de France .
According to the athlete , who is a cancer survivor , he ’s making his professional comeback in conjunction with a new effort to raise awareness of the “ global cancer burden . ”
“ It ’s now time to address cancer on a global level , ” he said in a statement .
This is an abandoned army base on the sea coastline near the Murmansk city .
It looks like it stays abandoned for quite a while and was built back in 1946 to protect Russian Northern coastline from somebody who might come without peace .
via fortification.ru
Amid economic meltdown and on the eve of being sucked into a black hole , it was perhaps unusual to see a London exhibition opening featuring on the BBC's News at Ten .
Then again , Tate Britain 's centenary retrospective of Francis Bacon , which opens to the public tomorrow , has been widely anticipated as a major art highlight of the year .
Irish - born artist Bacon , widely regarded as one of the greatest painters of the 20th century , is known for his giant canvasses spilling out nightmarish visions and contorted bodies in their raw and fleshy glory .
The Tate retrospective , arranged broadly chronologically , brings together approximately 70 of the most important paintings from the artist 's turbulent life , including his portraits of Pope Innocent X and celebrated triptychs such as Three Studies for a Crucifixion .
The exhibition will travel to the Prado in Madrid and the Metropolitan Museum in New York next year .
For Rachel Campbell - Johnston , writing in the Times , Bacon is " quite simply the most extraordinary , powerful and compelling of painters …
His images short - circuit our appreciative processes .
They arrive straight through the nervous system and hijack the soul . "
Campbell 's high point of the five - star show is the " gallery dedicated to images of crucifixions , including three triptychs …
In Three Studies for a Crucifixion , 1962 , man is butchered like an animal on the cross of his life .
The raw brutality of pain is overpowering . "
She is less impressed , however , with a room devoted to archive material found in Bacon 's studio .
This collection of source material - including preparatory sketches , photographs of close friends , film stills and images of violence , animals , athletes and medical examinations - was revealed posthumously when Bacon 's studio was painstakingly dismantled and relocated piece by piece to a Dublin gallery .
It now sheds light on some of his working methods and dramatically dispels Bacon 's self - mythologies about the spontaneous nature of his own work .
For Campbell - Johnston , it is " better to ignore those irritating wall texts and pass over the tatty memorabilia as a mere sideshow .
Let the paintings do their work . "
She also highlights a theme that troubles nearly all the critics : Bacon 's monumental legacy and fame .
There are almost " too many great paintings " on show , she writes .
Overfamiliarity is also the subject of Fisun Güner 's five - star review in Metro .
The retrospective is " excellent " but Güner immediately highlights the " jaw - dropping " incongruity of Bacon 's Van Gogh series of paintings made in north Africa in the late 1950s .
Notably , Study for a Portrait of Van Gogh VI - a " riot of neon - bright streaks " - is used by the Tate on some of the exhibition memorabilia : " Perhaps they want to entice us with something less familiar , amid so much that is almost too intimately known , " writes Güner .
The Independent 's Tom Lubbock agrees : " [ Bacon ] now looks simply like an icon of general British culture .
He 's a familiar .
You talk about Bacon as you talk about The Beatles or Monty Python . "
Lubbock 's review goes on to focus on the artist 's shameless , showbiz approach to his art , calling him a " vulgar entertainer " whose art was rooted in shape - shifting theatricality : " The art of Bacon is a variety bill .
It 's a hall of mirrors , a crooked house , a peep show , a ghost train , a circus , a limbo dance , a stand - up act , a piece of conjuring … Bacon is a magician , a quick - change artist . "
The Guardian's art critic , Adrian Searle , admits to being an adolescent fan ( " the grisly aspects of Bacon 's art appeal to the teenage mind " ) but after looking at the artist for 40 years , he is still troubled by the " myth , rumour and anecdote about his life [ that ] have come to dominate discussion of his art " .
Searle writes : " Bacon fakes his boneless anatomies , and has the ingenuity to make us believe them , too .
I vacillate between admiration and dismissal ... Bacon was a pasticheur , a mimic .
He ended up imitating himself .
This retrospective … is as uneven and overstretched as the artist himself was " .
He concludes : " I still ask myself if he was the real deal . "
Thoracic vertebra of juvenile common dolphin from Vanguard cave ( Images : Clive Finlayson , Gibraltar Museum )
Views of caves in which the finds were made .
Left to right : Bennett ’s , Gorham ’s , Vanguard ( Images : Clive Finlayson , Gibraltar Museum )
They may not have used clubs , but Neanderthals hunted seals too .
Anthropologists have discovered ancient seal bones showing signs of butchery , as well as some dolphin remains , in two caves in Gibraltar .
The discovery bolsters the image of Neanderthals as intelligent and adaptable hunters , rather than knuckle - dragging brutes , says Clive Finlayson of the Gibraltar Museum .
Finlayson was part of an international team of anthropologists who discovered and analysed the marine mammal bones .
Advertisement
“ Neanderthals could not have been that stupid and dumb , ” he says .
“ These people probably had a pretty good knowledge of the seasons and when to go hunting . ”
Finlayson and his colleague Yolanda Fernández - Jalvo , of Madrid ’s National Museum of Natural Sciences , discovered the bones in two cliff - base caves overlooking the Atlantic Ocean : Gorham ’s cave and Vanguard cave .
The sites , dating to around 40,000 years ago , also contain signs of hearths , tool - making and the remains of molluscs , boars and bears .
Yet the bones of seals and two species of dolphins are a something of a mystery , Finlayson says .
The seal bones , at least , have cut marks indicating they were butchered .
“ We can pretty confidently say they ’re eating them , ” he says .
But the dolphin bones show no signs butchery , perhaps because the Neanderthals hunted them for fat .
‘ Mixed economy ’
Even more mysterious is how Neanderthals managed to capture seals and dolphins , says Erik Trinkaus , a human palaeontologist at Washington University in St Louis , who was not involved in the study .
“ Seals have a very good escape mechanism .
It ’s called swimming , ” he says .
Neanderthals may have hunted young seals during the breeding season , when they were more likely to be found near land , while beached dolphins would have been easy prey for the spear - wielding hunters .
“ We ’re not good in the water .
These are large , and I imagine to them , delicious animals with lots of fat content , ” adds Pat Shipman , a palaeoanthropologist at Pennsylvania State University in University Park .
The variety of animals found in the caves might also explain why coastal - dwelling Neanderthals in the Iberian Peninsula survived long after their inland brethren went extinct .
“ What I think this shows is that they had a mixed economy , ” Finlayson says .
“ If you had series of years with droughts and there was a shortage of deer or goats , you had fallbacks . ”
Journal reference : Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( DOI : 10.1073/pnas.0805474105 )
Evolution – Learn more about the struggle to survive in our comprehensive special report .
Human Evolution – Follow the incredible story in our comprehensive special report .
If any of the mortgages went bad  and , it turned out , many did  the bonds at the bottom of the pecking order would suffer losses first , followed by the next lowest , and so on up the chain .
By one measure , the Bear Stearns Alt - A Trust 2006 - 7 has performed well :
It has suffered losses of about 1.6 percent .
Of those loans , 778 have been paid off or moved through the foreclosure process .
But by many other measures , it ’s a toxic portfolio .
Of the 2,093 loans that remain , 23 percent are delinquent or in foreclosure , according to Bloomberg News data .
Initially rated triple - A , the most senior of the securities were downgraded to near junk bond status last week .
Valuing mortgage bonds , even the safest variety , requires guesstimates :
How many homeowners will fall behind on their mortgages ?
If the bank forecloses , what will the homes sell for ?
Investments like the Bear Stearns securities are almost certain to lose value as long as home prices keep falling .
“ Under the current circumstances it ’s likely that you are going to take a loss on these loans , ” said Chandrajit Bhattacharya , a mortgage strategist at Credit Suisse , the investment bank .
The Bear Stearns bonds are just one example of the kind of assets the government could buy , and they are by no means the most complicated of the lot .
Wall Street took bonds like those of Bear Stearns and bundled and rebundled them into even trickier investments known as collateralized debt obligations , or C.D.O. ’s
“ No two pieces of paper are the same , ” said Mr. Feltus of Pioneer Investments .
On Wall Street , many of these C.D.O. ’s have been selling for pennies on the dollar , if they are selling at all .
In July , Merrill Lynch , struggling to bolster its finances , sold $ 31 billion of tricky mortgage - linked investments for 22 cents on the dollar .
Last November , Citadel , a large hedge fund in Chicago , bought $ 3 billion of mortgage securities and other investments for 27 cents on the dollar .
But Citigroup , the financial giant , values similar investments on its books at 61 cents on the dollar .
Citigroup says its C.D.O. ’s are relatively high quality because they were created before lending standards weakened in 2006 .
A big challenge for Treasury officials will be deciding whether to buy the troubled investments near the values at which the banks hold them on their books .
That would help minimize losses for financial institutions .
Driving a hard bargain , however , would protect taxpayers .
Tags
[" Monetary Theory and the Trade Cycle , " published in 1933 , was translated from the German by N. Kaldor and H.M. Croome .
The Mises Institute has updated punctuation and spelling .
The entire essay is included in Prices and Production and Other Works : On Money , the Business Cycle , and the Gold Standard , available in the Mises Store as part of the Crisis Book Kit . ]
Preface by F.A. Hayek
The German essay , [ 1 ] of which the following is a translation , represents an expanded version of a paper [ 2 ] prepared for the meeting of the Verein für Sozialpolitik , [ 3 ] held in Zurich in September 1928 , and of some remarks contributed to the discussion at that meeting .
Although , in revising the translation , I have made numerous minor alterations and additions ( mainly confined to the footnotes ) , the general course of the argument has been left unchanged .
The book , therefore , still shows signs of the particular aim with which it was written .
In submitting it to a public different from that for which it was originally intended , a few words of explanation are , perhaps , required .
In Germany , somewhat in contrast to the situation in English - speaking countries , monetary explanations of the trade cycle were always , or at least until quite recently , regarded with some mistrust .
One of the aims of this study — one on which an English reader may feel that I have wasted unnecessary energy — was to justify the monetary approach to these problems .
But I hope that this more explicit statement of the role of the monetary factor will not be found quite useless , for it is not only a justification of the monetary approach but also a refutation of some oversimplified monetary explanations that are widely accepted .
In order to save the sound elements in the monetary theories of the trade cycle , I had to attempt , in particular , to refute certain theories that have led to the belief that , by stabilizing the general price level , all the disturbing monetary causes would be eliminated .
Although , since this book was written , this belief has been somewhat rudely shaken by the crisis of 1929 , I hope that a systematic examination of its foundations will still be found useful .
The critique of the program of the " stabilizers , " which is in many ways the central theme of this book , has now occupied me for many years , and since I deal here only with some special problems that have grown mainly out of these studies , I may perhaps be permitted to refer below to other publications , in which I have partly dealt with certain further theoretical problems and partly attempted to use these considerations for the elucidation of contemporary phenomena . [ 4 ]
In particular , my Prices and Production , originally published in England , should be considered as an essential complement to the present publication .
While I have here emphasized the monetary causes that start the cyclical fluctuations , I have , in that later publication , concentrated on the successive changes in the real structure of production , which constitute those fluctuations .
This essential complement of my theory seems to me to be the more important since , in consequence of actual economic developments , the over - simplified monetary explanations have gained undeserved prominence in recent times .
And since , in all my English publications , I have purposely refrained from combining purely theoretical considerations with discussions of current events , it may be useful to add here one or two remarks on the bearing of those considerations on the problems of today .
It is a curious fact that the general disinclination to explain the past boom by monetary factors has been quickly replaced by an even greater readiness to hold the present working of our monetary organization exclusively responsible for our present plight .
And the same stabilizers who believed that nothing was wrong with the boom and that it might last indefinitely because prices did not rise , now believe that everything could be set right again if only we would use the weapons of monetary policy to prevent prices from falling .
The same superficial view , which sees no other harmful effect of a credit expansion but the rise of the price level , now believes that our only difficulty is a fall in the price level , caused by credit contraction .
There can , of course , be little doubt that , at the present time , a deflationary process is going on and that an indefinite continuation of that deflation would do inestimable harm .
But this does not , by any means , necessarily mean that the deflation is the original cause of our difficulties or that we could overcome these difficulties by compensating for the deflationary tendencies , at present operative in our economic system , by forcing more money into circulation .
There is no reason to assume that the crisis was started by a deliberate deflationary action on the part of the monetary authorities , or that the deflation itself is anything but a secondary phenomenon , a process induced by the maladjustments of industry left over from the boom .
If , however , the deflation is not a cause but an effect of the unprofitableness of industry , then it is surely vain to hope that by reversing the deflationary process , we can regain lasting prosperity .
Far from following a deflationary policy , central banks , particularly in the United States , have been making earlier and more far - reaching efforts than have ever been undertaken before to combat the depression by a policy of credit expansion — with the result that the depression has lasted longer and has become more severe than any preceding one .
What we need is a readjustment of those elements in the structure of production and of prices that existed before the deflation began and which then made it unprofitable for industry to borrow .
But , instead of furthering the inevitable liquidation of the maladjustments brought about by the boom during the last three years , all conceivable means have been used to prevent that readjustment from taking place ; and one of these means , which has been repeatedly tried though without success , from the earliest to the most recent stages of depression , has been this deliberate policy of credit expansion .
It is very probable that the much discussed rigidities , which had already grown up in many parts of the modern economic system before 1929 , would , in any case , have made the process of readjustment much slower and more painful .
It is also probable that these very resistances to readjustment would have set up a severe deflationary process that would finally have overcome those rigidities .
To what extent , under the given situation of a relatively rigid price and wage system , this deflationary process is perhaps not only inevitable but is even the quickest way of bringing about the required result , is a very difficult question , about which , on the basis of our present knowledge , I should be afraid to make any definite pronouncement .
It seems certain , however , that we shall merely make matters worse if we aim at curing the deflationary symptoms and , at the same time ( by the erection of trade barriers and other forms of state intervention ) do our best to increase rather than to decrease the fundamental maladjustments .
More than that : while the advantages of such a course are , to say the least , uncertain , the new dangers it creates are great .
To combat the depression by a forced credit expansion is to attempt to cure the evil by the very means which brought it about ; because we are suffering from a misdirection of production , we want to create further misdirection — a procedure that can only lead to a much more severe crisis as soon as the credit expansion comes to an end .
It would not be the first experiment of this kind that has been made .
We should merely be repeating , on a much larger scale , the course followed by the Federal Reserve system in 1927 , an experiment that Mr. A.C. Miller , the only economist on the Federal Reserve Board and at the same time its oldest member , has rightly characterized as " the greatest and boldest operation ever undertaken by the Federal reserve system , " an operation that " resulted in one of the most costly errors committed by it or any other banking system in the last 75 years . "
It is probably to this experiment , together with the attempts to prevent liquidation once the crisis had come , that we owe the exceptional severity and duration of the depression .
We must not forget that , for the last six or eight years , monetary policy all over the world has followed the advice of the stabilizers .
It is high time that their influence , which has already done harm enough , should be overthrown .
We cannot hope for the overthrow of this alluringly simple theory until its theoretical basis is definitely refuted and something better substituted for it .
The opponents of the stabilization program still labor — and probably always will labor — under the disadvantage that they have no equally simple and clear - cut rule to propose ; perhaps no rule at all that will satisfy the eagerness of those who hope to cure all evils by authoritative action .
But whatever may be our hope for the future , the one thing of which we must be painfully aware at the present time — a fact that no writer on these problems should fail to impress upon his readers — is how little we really know of the forces that we are trying to influence by deliberate management ; so little indeed that it must remain an open question whether we would try if we knew more .
Friedrich A. Hayek
The London School of Economics June 1932
Lecture I : The Problem of the Trade Cycle
i
Any attempt either to forecast the trend of economic development , or to influence it by measures based on an examination of existing conditions , must presuppose certain quite definite conceptions as to the necessary course of economic phenomena .
Empirical studies , whether they are undertaken with such practical aims in view , or whether they are confined merely to the amplification with the aid of special statistical devices of our knowledge of the course of particular phases of trade fluctuations , can at best afford merely a verification of existing theories ; they cannot in themselves provide new insight into the causes or the necessity of the trade cycle .
This view has been stated very forcibly by Professor A. Lowe . [ 5 ]
" Our insight into the theoretical interconnections of economic cycles , and into the structural laws of circulation , " he says , " has not been enriched at all by descriptive work or calculations of correlations . "
We can entirely agree with him , moreover , when he goes on to say that " to expect an immediate furtherance of theory from an increase in empirical insight is to misunderstand the logical relationship between theory and empirical research . "
The reason for this is clear .
The means of perception employed in statistics are not the same as those employed in economic theory ; and it is therefore impossible to fit regularities established by the former into the structure of economic laws prescribed by the latter .
We cannot superimpose upon the system of fundamental propositions comprised in the theory of equilibrium , a trade cycle theory resting on unrelated logical foundations .
All the phenomena observed in cyclical fluctuations , particularly price formation and its influence on the direction and the volume of production , have already been explained by the theory of equilibrium ; they can only be integrated as an explanation of the totality of economic events by means of fundamentally similar constructions .
Trade cycle theory itself is only expected to explain how certain prices are determined , and to state their influence on production and consumption ; and the determining conditions of these phenomena are already given by elementary theory .
Its special task arises from the fact that these phenomena show empirically observed movements for the explanation of which the methods of equilibrium theory are as yet inadequate .
One need not go so far as to say that a successful solution could be reached only in conjunction with a positive explanation of elementary phenomena ; but no further proof is needed that such a solution can only be achieved in association with , or by means of , a theory that explains how certain prices or certain uses of given goods are determined at all .
It is not only that we lack theories that fulfill this condition and that fall outside the category best described as " equilibrium theories " [ 6 ] — theories that are characterized by taking the logic of economic action as their starting point ; the point is rather that statistical method is fundamentally unsuited to this purpose .
Just as no statistical investigation can prove that a given change in demand must necessarily be followed by a certain change in price , so no statistical method can explain why all economic phenomena present that regular wave - like appearance we observe in cyclical fluctuations .
This can be explained only by widening the assumptions on which our deductions are based , so that cyclical fluctuations would follow from these as a necessary consequence , just as the general propositions of the theory of price followed from the narrower assumptions of equilibrium theory .
But even these new assumptions cannot be established by statistical investigation .
The statistical approach , unlike deductive inference , leaves the conditions under which established economic relations hold good fundamentally undetermined ; and similarly , the objects to which they relate cannot be determined as unequivocally as by theory .
Empirically established relations between various economic phenomena continue to present a problem to theory until the necessity for their interconnections can be demonstrated independently of any statistical evidence .
[ 7 ]
The concepts on which such an explanation is based will be quite different from those by which statistical interconnections are demonstrated ; they can be reached independently .
Moreover , the corroboration of statistical evidence provides , in itself , no proof of correctness .
A priori we cannot expect from statistics anything more than the stimulus provided by the indication of new problems .
In thus emphasizing the fact that trade cycle theory , while it may serve as a basis for statistical research , can never itself be established by the latter , it is by no means desired to deprecate the value of the empirical method .
On the contrary , there can be no doubt that trade cycle theory can only gain full practical importance through exact measurement of the actual course of the phenomena it describes .
But before we can examine the question of the true importance of statistics to theory , it must be clearly recognized that the use of statistics can never consist in a deepening of our theoretical insight .
ii
Even as a means of verification , the statistical examination of the cycles has only a very limited value for trade cycle theory .
For the latter — as for any other economic theory — there are only two criteria of correctness .
Firstly , it must be deduced with unexceptionable logic from the fundamental notions of the theoretical system ; and secondly , it must explain by a purely deductive method those phenomena with all their peculiarities that we observe in the actual cycles . [ 8 ]
Such a theory could only be " false " either through an inadequacy in its logic or because the phenomena it explains do not correspond with the observed facts .
If , however , the theory is logically sound , and if it leads to an explanation of the given phenomena as a necessary consequence of these general conditions of economic activity , then the best that statistical investigation can do is to show that there still remains an unexplained residue of processes .
It could never prove that the determining relationships are of a different character from those maintained by the theory . [ 9 ]
It might be shown , for instance , by statistical investigation that a general rise in prices is followed by an expansion of production , and a general fall in prices by a diminution of production ; but this would not necessarily mean that theory should regard the movement of price as an independent cause of movements of production .
So long as a theory could explain the regular occurrence of this parallelism in any other way , it could not be disproved by statistics , even if it maintained that the connection between the two phenomena was of a precisely opposite nature . [ 10 ]
It is therefore only in a negative sense that it is possible to verify theory by statistics .
Either statistics can demonstrate that there are phenomena the theory does not sufficiently explain , or it is unable to discover such phenomena .
It can not be expected to confirm the theory in a positive sense .
The possibility is completely ruled out by what has been said above , since it would presuppose an assertion of necessary interconnections , such as statistics cannot make .
There is no reason to be surprised , therefore , that although nearly all modern trade cycle theories use statistical material as corroboration , it is only where a given theory fails to explain all the observed phenomena that this statistical evidence can be used to judge its merits .
iii
Thus it is not by enriching or by checking theoretical analysis that economic statistics gain their real importance .
This lies elsewhere .
The proper task of statistics is to give us accurate information about the events that fall within the province of theory , and so to enable us not only to connect two consecutive events as cause and effect , a posteriori , but to grasp existing conditions completely enough for forecasts of the future and , eventually , appropriate action , to become possible .
It is only through this possibility of forecasts of systematic action that theory gains practical importance . [ 11 ]
A theory might , for instance , enable us to infer from the comparative movements of certain prices and quantities an imminent change in the direction of those movements : but we should have little use for such a theory if we were unable to ascertain the actual movements of the phenomena in question .
With regard to certain phenomena having an important bearing on the trade cycle , our position is a peculiar one .
We can deduce from general insight how the majority of people will behave under certain conditions ; but the actual behavior of these masses at a given moment , and therefore the conditions to which our theoretical conclusions must be applied , can only be ascertained by the use of complicated statistical methods .
This is especially true when a phenomenon is influenced by a number of partly known circumstances , such as , e.g. , seasonal changes .
Here very complicated statistical investigations are needed to ascertain whether these circumstances whose presence indicates the applicability of theoretical conclusions were in fact operative .
Often statistical analysis may detect phenomena that have , as yet , no theoretical explanation , and which therefore necessitate either an extension of theoretical speculation or a search for new determining conditions .
But the explanation of the phenomena thus detected , if it is to serve as a basis for forecasts of the future , must in every case utilize other methods than statistically observed regularities ; and the observed phenomena will have to be deduced from the theoretical system , independently of empirical detection .
The dependence of statistical research on preexisting theoretical explanation hardly needs further emphasis .
This holds good not only as regards the practical utilization of its results , but also in the course of its working , in which it must look to theory for guidance in selecting and delimiting the phenomena to be investigated .
The oft - repeated assertion that statistical examination of the trade cycle should be undertaken without any theoretical prejudice is therefore always based on self - deception . [ 12 ]
On the whole , one can say without exaggeration that the practical value of statistical research depends primarily upon the soundness of the theoretical conceptions on which it is based .
To decide upon the most important problems of the trade cycle remains the task of theory ; and whether the money and labor so freely expended on statistical research in late years will be repaid by the expected success depends primarily on whether the development of theoretical understanding keeps pace with the exploration of the facts .
For we must not deceive ourselves : not only do we now lack a theory that is generally accepted by economists , but we do not even possess one that could be formulated in such an unexceptionable way , and worked out in such detail , as eventually to command such acceptance .
A series of important interconnections have been established and some principles of the greatest significance expounded ; but no one has yet undertaken the decisive step that creates a complete theory by using one of these principles to incorporate all the known phenomena into the existing system in a satisfactory way .
To realize this , of course , does not hinder us from pursuing either economic research or economic policy ; but then we must always remember that we are acting on certain theoretical assumptions whose correctness has not yet been satisfactorily established .
The " practical man " habitually acts on theories that he does not consciously realize ; and in most cases this means that his theories are fallacious .
Using a theory consciously , on the other hand , always results in some new attempt to clear up the interrelations that it assumes , and to bring it into harmony with which theoretical assumptions ; that is , it results in the pursuit of theory for its own sake .
iv
The value of business forecasting depends upon correct theoretical concepts ; hence there can , at the present time , be no more important task in this field than the bridging of the gulf that divides monetary from non-monetary theories . [ 13 ]
This gulf leads to differences of opinion in the front rank of economists ; and is also the characteristic line of division between trade cycle theory in Germany and in America — where business forecasting originated .
Such an analysis of the relation between these two main trends seems to me especially important because of the peculiar position of the monetary theories .
Largely through the fault of some of their best - known advocates in Germany , monetary explanations became discredited , and their essentials have , moreover , been much misunderstood ; while , on the other hand , the reaction against them forms the main reason for the prevailing skepticism as to the possibility of any economic theory of the trade cycle — a skepticism that may seriously retard the development of theoretical research . [ 14 ]
There is a fundamental difficulty inherent in all trade cycle theories that take as their starting point an empirically ascertained disturbance of the equilibrium of the various branches of production .
This difficulty arises because , in stating the effects of that disturbance , they have to make use of the logic of equilibrium theory . [ 15 ]
Yet this logic , properly followed through , can do no more than demonstrate that such disturbances of equilibrium can come only from outside — i.e. , that they represent a change in the economic data — and that the economic system always reacts to such changes by its well - known methods of adaptation , i.e. , by the formation of a new equilibrium .
No tendency towards the special expansion of certain branches of production , however plausibly adduced , no chance shift in demand , in distribution or in productivity , could adequately explain , within the framework of this theoretical system , why a general " disproportionality " between supply and demand should arise .
For the essential means of explanation in static theory — which is , at the same time , the indispensable assumption for the explanation of particular price variations — is the assumption that prices supply an automatic mechanism for equilibrating supply and demand .
The next section will deal with these difficulties in more detail : a mere hint should therefore be sufficient at this point .
At the moment we have only to draw attention to the fact that the problem before us cannot be solved by examining the effect of a certain cause within the framework , and by the methods , of equilibrium theory .
Any theory that limits itself to the explanation of empirically observed interconnections by the methods of elementary theory necessarily contains a self - contradiction .
For trade cycle theory cannot aim at the adaptation of the adjusting mechanism of static theory to a special case ; this scheme of explanation must itself be extended so as to explain how such discrepancies between supply and demand can ever arise .
The obvious , and ( to my mind ) the only possible way out of this dilemma , is to explain the difference between the course of events described by static theory ( which only permits movements towards an equilibrium , and which is deduced by directly contrasting the supply of and the demand for goods ) and the actual course of events , by the fact that , with the introduction of money ( or strictly speaking with the introduction of indirect exchange ) , a new determining cause is introduced .
Money being a commodity that , unlike all others , is incapable of finally satisfying demand , its introduction does away with the rigid interdependence and self - sufficiency of the " closed " system of equilibrium , and makes possible movements that would be excluded from the latter .
Here we have a starting point that fulfils the essential conditions for any satisfactory theory of the trade cycle .
It shows , in a purely deductive way , the possibility and the necessity of movements that do not at any given moment tend towards a situation that , in the absence of changes in the economic " data , " could continue indefinitely .
It shows that , on the contrary , these movements lead to such a " disproportionality " between certain parts of the system that the given situation cannot continue .
But while it seems that it was a sound instinct that led economists to begin by looking on the monetary side for an explanation of cyclical fluctuations , it also seems probable that the one - sided development of the theory of money has , as yet , prevented any satisfactory solution to the problem being found .
Monetary theories of the trade cycle succeeded in giving prominence to the right questions and , in many cases , made important contributions towards their solution ; but the reason why an unassailable solution has not yet been put forward seems to reside in the fact that all the adherents of the monetary theory of the trade cycle have sought an explanation either exclusively or predominantly in the superficial phenomena of changes in the value of money , while failing to pursue the far more profound and fundamental effects of the process by which money is introduced into the economic system , as distinct from its effect on prices in general .
Nor did they follow up the consequences of the fundamental diversity between a money economy and the pure barter economy that is assumed in static theory . [ 16 ]
v
Naturally it cannot be the business of this essay to remove all defects and deficiencies from the monetary theories of the trade cycle , or to develop a complete and unassailable theory .
In these pages I shall only attempt to show the general significance for this theory of the monetary starting point , and to refute the most important objections raised against the monetary explanation by proving that certain rightly exposed deficiencies of some monetary theories do not necessarily follow from the monetary approach .
All that is wanted , therefore , is , first , a proof , using as our examples some of the best - known non-monetary theories , that the " real " explanations adduced by them do not , in themselves , suffice to build up a complete and consistent theory ; secondly , a demonstration that the existing monetary theories contain the germ of a true explanation , although all suffer , more or less , from that oversimplification of the problem which results from reducing all cyclical fluctuations to fluctuations in the value of money ; finally that the monetary starting point makes it possible , in fact , to show deductively the inevitability of fluctuation under the existing monetary system and , indeed , under almost any other that can be imagined .
It will be shown , in particular , that the Wicksell - Mises theory of the effects of a divergence between the " natural " and the money rate of interest already contains the most important elements of an explanation , and has only to be freed from any direct reference to a purely imaginary " general money value " ( as has already been partly done by Prof. Mises ) in order to form the basis of a trade cycle theory sufficing for a deductive explanation of all the elements in the trade cycle .
Lecture II : Non-Monetary Theories of the Trade Cycle
i
Any attempt at a general proof , within the compass of a short essay , of the assertion that non-monetary theories of the trade cycle inevitably suffer from a fundamental deficiency , appears to be confronted with an insuperable obstacle by reason of the very multiplicity of such theories .
If it were necessary for our purpose to show that every one of the numerous disequilibrating forces which have been made starting points for trade cycle theories was , in fact , non-existent , then the conditions of our success would , indeed , be impossible of fulfillment ; for not only would it be almost impossible to deal with all extant theories but no conclusive answer could result , seeing that we should still have to reckon with a new and hitherto unrefuted crop of such theories in the future .
Moreover the existence of most of the interconnections elaborated by the various trade cycle theories can hardly be denied , and our task is rather their coordination in a unified logical structure than the development of entirely new and different trains of thought .
In fact , it is by no means necessary to question the material correctness of the individual interconnections emphasized in the various non-monetary theories in order to show that they do not afford a sufficient explanation .
As has already been indicated in the first chapter , none of them is able to overcome the contradiction between the course of economic events as described by them and the fundamental ideas of the theoretical system which they have to utilize in order to explain that course .
It will , therefore , be sufficient to show , by examination of some of the best - known theories , that they do not answer this fundamental question ; nor can they ever do so by their present methods and by reference to the circumstances they now regard as relevant to trade cycle theory .
When , however , the question is answered on different lines , viz. , by reference to monetary circumstances , it can be shown that the elements of explanation adduced by different theories lose their independent importance and fall into a subordinate position as necessary consequences of the monetary cause .
It is rather difficult to select the main types of trade cycle theory for this purpose , since we have no theoretically satisfactory classification .
The latest attempts at such classifications , by Mr. W.M. Persons , [ 17 ] Professor W.C. Mitchell , [ 18 ] and Mr. A.H. Hansen , [ 19 ] show that the usual division , which relies on external features and hardly touches the solution of fundamental problems , gives far too wide a scope for arbitrary decisions .
As Professor Löwe [ 20 ] has correctly emphasized ( and as should be obvious from what has been said above ) the only classification that could be really unobjectionable would be one that proceeded according to the manner in which such theories explain the absence of the " normal course " of economic events , as presented by static theory .
In fact , the various theories — as we shall hope to show later — make no attempt whatever to do this .
As there is , therefore , no classification that would serve our purpose , our choice must be more or less arbitrary ; but by choosing some of the best - known theories and exemplifying the train of thought to which our objection particularly applies , we should be able to make the general validity of the latter sufficiently clear .
The task is made rather easier by the fact that there does exist today , on at least one point , a far - reaching agreement among the different theories .
They all regard the emergence of a disproportionality among the various productive groups , and in particular the excessive production of capital goods , as the first and main thing to be explained .
The development of theory owes a real debt to statistical research in that , today , there is at least no substantial disagreement as to the thing to be explained .
There is , however , a point to be emphasized here .
The modern habit of going beyond the actual crisis and seeking to explain the entire cycle , suffers inherently from the danger of paying less and less attention to the crucial problem .
In particular , the attempt to give the object of the theory as neutral a name as possible ( such as " industrial fluctuations " or " cyclical movements of industry " ) threatens to drive the real theoretical problem more into the background than was the case in the old theory of crisis .
The simple fact that economic development does not go on quite uniformly , but that periods of relatively rapid change alternate with periods of relative stagnation , does not in itself constitute a problem .
It is sufficiently explained by the adjustment of the economic system to irregular changes in the data — changes whose occurrence we always have to assume and which cannot be further explained by economic science .
The real problem presented to economic theory is :
Why does n't this adjustment come about smoothly and continuously , just as a new equilibrium is formed after every change in the data ?
Why is there this temporary possibility of developments leading away from equilibrium and finally , without any changes in data , necessitating a change in the economic trend ?
The phenomena of the upward trend of the cycle and of the culminating boom constitute a problem only because they inevitably bring about a slump in sales — i.e. , a falling - off of economic activity — which is not occasioned by any corresponding change in the original economic data .
ii
The prevailing disproportionality theories are in agreement in one respect .
They all see the cause of the slump in the fact that , during the boom , for various reasons , the productive apparatus is expanded more than is warranted by the corresponding flow of consumption ; there finally appears a scarcity of finished consumption goods , thus causing a rise in the price of such goods relatively to the price of production goods ( which amounts to the same thing as a rise in the rate of interest ) so that it becomes unprofitable to employ the enlarged productive apparatus or , in many cases , even to complete it .
At present there is hardly a recognized theory that does not give this idea , which we only sketch for the moment , [ 21 ] a decisive place in its argument , and we should therefore be well advised to begin by seeing how the various theories try to deal with the phenomenon in question .
Apart from the monetary theories , which , as will be shown later , can only be considered satisfactory if they explain that phenomenon , there are two groups of explanations that can be entirely disregarded .
In the first place there is nothing to be gained from an examination of those theories that seek to explain cyclical fluctuations by corresponding cyclical changes in certain external circumstances , while merely using the unquestionable methods of equilibrium theory to explain the economic phenomena that follow from these changes .
To decide on the correctness of these theories is beyond the competence of economics .
In the second place , it is best , for the moment , to exclude from consideration those theories whose argument depends so entirely on the assumption of monetary changes that when the latter are excluded no systematic explanation is left .
This category includes Professor J. Schumpeter , [ 22 ] Professor E. Lederer , [ 23 ] and Professor G. Cassel , [ 24 ] and to a certain extent Professor W.C. Mitchell and Professor J. Lescure . [ 25 ]
We shall have to consider later , with regard to this category , how far it is theoretically permissible to treat these monetary interconnections as determining conditions on the same footing as the other phenomena used in explanation .
It is , of course , impossible at this point to go into the peculiarities of all types of theory , as worked out by their respective authors .
We must leave out of account the forms in which the various explanations are presented , and confine ourselves to certain underlying types of theory that recur in a number of different guises .
Inevitably , this treatment of contemporary theories must fail to do full justice to the intellectual merits exemplified in each ; but for the purposes of this chapter — that is , to show the fundamental objections to which all non-monetary theories of the trade cycle are open — this somewhat cursory and imperfect treatment may be enough .
We may begin our demonstration by pointing out that all those forms of disproportionality theory with which we have to deal here rest on the existence of quite irregular fluctuations of " economic data " ( that is , the external determining circumstances of the economic system , including human needs and abilities ) .
From this assumption , they try to explain in one way or another that the fluctuations in consumption or some other element in the economic system occasioned by these changes are followed by relatively greater changes in the production of production goods . [ 26 ]
These wide fluctuations in the industries making production goods bring about a disproportionality between them and the consumption industries to such an extent that a reversal of the movement becomes necessary .
It is not , therefore , the simple fact of fluctuation in the production of capital goods ( which is certainly inevitable in the course of economic growth ) which has to be explained .
The real problem is the growth of excessive fluctuations in the capital goods industries out of the inevitable and irregular fluctuations of the rest of the economic system , and the disproportional development , arising from these , of the two main branches of production .
We can distinguish three main types of non-monetary theories explaining the exaggerated effect of given fluctuations on capital goods industries .
The most common , at the moment , are those explanations that try to show that , on account of the technique of production , an increase in the demand for consumption goods , whether expected or actual , tends to bring about a relatively larger increase in the production of goods of a higher order , either generally or in a certain group of these goods .
Hardly less common , and differing only in appearance , are explanations that seek to derive these augmented fluctuations from special circumstances ( non-monetary in character ) arising in the field of savings and investment .
Finally , as a third group , we must mention certain psychological theories , which , for the most part , have however no pretension to rank as independent explanations and which merely reinforce other arguments , and are open to the same objections as the two other main types .
iii
We shall mention only the most important of our objections to the first type , which is the easiest to discuss from this point of view .
It is common to so many economists that it is hardly necessary to mention particular representatives .
The simplest way of deductively explaining excessive fluctuations in the production of capital goods is by reference to the long period of time that is necessary , under modern conditions , for preparing the fixed capital goods that enable the expansion of the productive process to take place . [ 27 ]
According to a widely held view , this circumstance alone is enough to make every increase in the sales of consumption goods , whether brought about by an intensification of demand or by a fall in the costs of production , capable of bringing about a more - than - proportional increase in the production of intermediary goods .
This is explained either by the individual producer 's ignorance of what his competitors are doing , or — as is common in American writings — by the " cumulative effect " of each change in the sale of consumption goods on the higher stages of production .
Owing to circumstances that will be explained later , the leading idea in all these types of explanation is that the long period that , with the present technique of production , elapses between the beginning of a productive process and the arrival of its final product at the market , prevents the gradual adjustment of production to changes in demand through the agency of prices and makes it possible , from time to time , for an excessively large supply to be thrown on the market .
This idea is supported by another , which however , can be independently and more widely applied ; that is , that every change in demand , from the moment of its appearance , propagates itself cumulatively through all the grades of production , from the lowest to the highest .
This cumulative effect arises because at each stage , besides the change that would be appropriate to the actual shift in demand , another change arises from the adjustment of stocks and of productive apparatus to the alteration in market conditions . [ 28 ]
An increase in the demand for consumption goods will not merely call forth a proportional increase in the demand for goods of a higher order : the latter will also be increased by the amount needed to raise current stocks to a proportional level , and , finally , by the further amount by which the requirements for producing new means of production exceed those for keeping the existing means of production intact .
( For instance , an extension of 10 percent , in one particular year , in the machinery of a factory that normally renews 10 percent of its machinery annually , causes an increase of 100 percent in the production of machinery — i.e. , a given increase in the demand for consumption goods occasions a tenfold increase in the production of production goods . )
This idea is offered as an adequate reason not only for the relatively greater fluctuations in production goods industries but also for their excessive expansion in periods of boom .
Similarly , the extensive use of durable capital equipment in the modern economy is often singled out for responsibility . [ 29 ]
Industries using heavy equipment are prone to excessive expansion in boom periods because small increments in this equipment are impossible ; expansion must necessarily take place by sudden jerks .
Once the new equipment is available , on the other hand , the volume of production has little influence on total costs , which go on even if no production takes place at all .
New inventions and new needs , however , although they are often adduced as explaining the accelerated and excessive growth of capital goods industries , cannot be dealt with on the same footing .
They only represent a special group of the many possible causes from which the cumulative processes described above may originate .
iv
There is virtually no doubt that all these interconnections , and many others that are given prominence in various trade cycle theories and which similarly tend to disturb economic equilibrium , do actually exist ; and any trade cycle theory that claims to be comprehensively worked out must take them into consideration .
But none of them get over the real difficulty — namely : why do the forces tending to restore equilibrium become temporarily ineffective and why do they only come into action again when it is too late ?
They all try to explain this phenomenon by a further , usually tacit , assumption , which one of the advocates of these theories , Mr. C.O. Hardy , [ 30 ] has himself put forward as their common idea , by which , in my opinion , he brings out with the utmost clarity their fundamental weakness .
He states that all those theories that are based on the length of the production period under modern technical conditions agree in regarding these conditions as a source of difficulty to producers in adjusting production to the state of the market ; producing , as they must , for a future period , the market possibilities of which are necessarily unknown to them .
He then emphasizes that in general it is the task of the price mechanism to adjust supply to demand ; he thinks , however , that this mechanism is imperfect , if a long period has to lapse between production and the arrival of the product at the market , because " prices and orders give information concerning the prospective state of demand compared with the known facts of the present and future supply , but they give no clue to the changes in supply which they themselves are likely to cause . " [ 31 ]
He tries to show how periodic over - and underproduction may result from an increase in demand acting as an incentive to increased production .
He here states explicitly what others assume tacitly , and thus his exposition completely gives away the question - begging nature of all such arguments .
For he holds that under free competition , in the case considered , more and more people try to profit by the favorable situation , all ignoring one another 's preparations , and " no force intervenes to check the continual increase in production until it reflects itself in declining orders and falling prices . " [ 32 ]
In this statement ( according to which the price mechanism comes into action only when the products come on to the market , while , until then , producers can regulate the extent of their production solely according to the estimated total volume of demand ) the fundamental error that can be shown to recur in all these theories is plainly revealed .
It arises from a misconception of the deliberations that regulate the entrepreneur 's actions and of the significance of the price mechanism .
If the entrepreneur really had to guide his decisions exclusively by his knowledge of the quantitative increase in the total demand for his product , and if the success of economic activity were really always dependent on that knowledge , no very complicated circumstances would be needed to produce constant disturbances in the relation between supply and demand .
But the entrepreneur in a capitalist economy is not — as many economists seem to assume — in the same situation as the dictator of a socialist economy .
The protagonists of this view seem to overlook the fact that production is generally guided not by any knowledge of the actual size of the total demand , but by the price to be obtained in the market .
In the modern exchange economy , the entrepreneur does not produce with a view to satisfying a certain demand — even if that phrase is sometimes used — but on the basis of a calculation of profitability ; and it is just that calculation that will equilibrate supply and demand .
He is not in the least concerned with the amount by which , in a given case , the total amount demanded will alter ; he only looks at the price he can expect to get after the change in question has taken place .
None of the theories under discussion explains why these expectations should generally prove incorrect .
( To deduce their incorrectness from the fact that overproduction , arising from false expectations , causes prices to fall , would be mere argument in a circle . )
Nor can this generalization be theoretically established by any other method .
For so long , at least , as disturbing monetary influences are not operating , we have to assume that the price that entrepreneurs expect to result from a change in demand or from a change in the conditions of production will more or less coincide with the equilibrium price .
For the entrepreneur , from his knowledge of the conditions of production and the market , will generally be in a position to estimate the price that will rule after the changes have taken place , as distinct from the quantitative changes in the total volume of demand .
One can only say , as to this prospective price of the product concerned , that it is just as likely to be lower than the equilibrium price as to be higher and that , on the average , it should more or less coincide , since there is no reason to assume that deviations will take place only in one direction .
But this prospective price only represents one factor determining the extent of production .
The other factor , no less important but all too often overlooked , is the price the producer has to pay for raw materials , labor power , tools and borrowed capital — i.e. , his costs .
These prices , taken together , determine the extent of production for all producers operating under conditions of competition ; and the producer 's decisions as to his production must be guided not only by changes in expectations as to the price of his product , but also by changes in his costs .
To show how the interplay of these prices keeps supply and demand , production and consumption , in equilibrium , is the main object of pure economics , and the analysis can not be repeated here in detail .
It is , however , the task of trade cycle theory to show under what conditions a break may occur in that tendency towards equilibrium which is described in pure analysis — i.e. , why prices , in contradiction to the conclusions of static theory , do not bring about such changes in the quantities produced as would correspond to an equilibrium situation .
In order to show that the theories under discussion do not solve this problem , and only as far as is necessary for this purpose , we shall now study the most important of the interconnections which bring about equilibrium under the assumptions of static theory .
v
We may attempt this task by asking what kind of reactions will be brought about by the original change in the economic data that is supposed to cause the excessive extension of the production of capital goods , and how , in such cases , a new equilibrium can result .
Whether the original impetus comes from the demand side or the supply side , the assumption from which we have to start is always a price — or rather an expected price — that renders it profitable under the new conditions to extend production .
As stated above , we can assume — since none of the theories in question give any reason to the contrary — that this expected price will approximate to the new equilibrium price .
We can assume , that is , that if the impetus is a fall in unit costs , the producer will consider the effects of an increased supply ; if the impetus is an increase in demand , he will consider the increase in the cost per unit following the increase in the quantity produced .
The existence of a general misconception in this respect would require a special explanation , and unless this is to rest on a circular argument , it can only be accounted for by a monetary explanation , which we cannot consider at this point .
Now the length of time required to produce modern means of production cannot induce a tendency to an excessive extension of the productive apparatus ; or , more accurately , any such tendency is bound to be effectively eliminated by the increase in price of the factors of production .
Thus we cannot give a sufficient explanation for the occurrence of the disproportionality in these terms .
This becomes obvious as soon as we drop the assumption that the price mechanism begins to function only from the moment at which the increased supply comes on the market , and consider that whenever the price obtainable for the finished product is correctly estimated , the adjustment of the prices of factors of production must ensure that the amount produced is limited to what can be sold at remunerative prices .
The mere existence of a lengthy production period cannot be held to impair the working of the price mechanism , so long , at any rate , as no additional reason can be given for the occurrence of a general miscalculation in the same direction concerning the effect of the original change in data on the prices of the products .
We must next inquire what truth there is in the alleged tendency towards a cumulative propagation of the effect of every increase ( or decrease ) of demand from the lower to the higher stages of production .
The arguments given below against this frequently adduced theory must serve at the same time to refute all other theories based on similar technical considerations , for space will not permit us to go into every one of these , and the reader can be trusted to apply the same reasoning as is employed in this demonstration to all similar explanations — such as those based on the necessary discontinuity of the extension of productive apparatus .
Does the cumulative effect of every increase in demand represent a new price - determining factor , as a result of which prices , and therefore quantities produced , will be different from those needed to achieve equilibrium ?
Is the regulating effect of prices on the extent of production really suspended by the fact that when turnover increases merchants try to increase stocks , and manufacturers to extend production ?
If the increase in the prices of production goods were the only counterbalancing factor to set against the increase in the demand for these goods , it would still be possible for more investments to be undertaken than would prove permanently profitable .
According to the view we are considering , there will be an increase in the quantity of factors of production demanded at any price , as compared with the equilibrium situation , and therefore it would appear possible that at every price at which producers still think they can profitably make use of this quantity , investments will be undertaken to an unwarrantable extent .
This way of stating the position , however , entirely overlooks the fact that every attempt to extend the productive apparatus must necessarily bring about , besides the rise in factor prices , a further checking force : viz. , a rise in the rate of interest .
This greatly strengthens the effect of the rise in factor prices .
It makes a greater margin between factor prices and product prices necessary just when this margin threatens to diminish .
The maintenance of equilibrium is thus further secured .
For we must not forget that not only the volume of current production , but also the size at any given moment of the productive apparatus ( including stocks , which cannot be omitted ) is regulated through prices , and especially — apart from the above - mentioned prices for goods and services — by the price paid for the use of capital , that is , interest .
Whatever particular explanation of interest we may accept , all contemporary theories agree in regarding the function of interest as one of equalizing the supply of capital and the demand arising in various branches of production .
Until some special reason can be adduced why it should not fulfill this function in any given case , we have to assume , in accordance with the fundamental thesis of static theory , that it always keeps the supply of capital goods in equilibrium with that of consumption goods .
This assumption is just as indispensable , and just as inevitable , as a starting point , as the main assumption that the supply of and demand for any kind of goods will be equilibrated by movements in the prices of those goods .
In our case , when we are considering a tendency to enlarge the productive apparatus and the size of stocks , this function must be performed in such a way as to increase the rate of interest , and hence the necessary margin of profit between the price of the products and that of the means of production .
This , however , automatically excludes that part of the increase in the demand for productive goods , which would have been satisfied despite the increase in their prices if the rise in the rate of interest had not taken place .
None of the various trade cycle theories based on some alleged peculiarity of the technique of production can even begin to explain why the equilibrium position , determined by the various above - mentioned processes of price formation , should be reached at a different point from where it would be without these peculiarities .
Now as regards the prices of goods and services used for productive purposes , there seems to be no reason why they should not fulfill their function of equilibrating supply and demand .
For supply and demand are here in direct relation with one another , so that any discrepancy which may arise between them , at a given price must , directly and immediately , lead to a change in that price .
Only when we come to consider the second group of prices ( those paid for borrowed capital or , in other words , interest ) is it conceivable that disturbances might creep in , since , in this case , price formation does not act directly , by equalizing the marginal demand for and supply of capital goods , but indirectly , through its effect on money capital , whose supply need not correspond to that of real capital .
But the process by which divergences can arise between these two is left unexplained by all the theories with which we have hitherto dealt .
Yet before going on to see how far interest may present such a breach in the strict system of equilibrium as may serve to explain cyclical disturbances , we must briefly examine the explanation offered by the second important group of non-monetary theories , which attempt to explain the origin of periodical disturbances of equilibrium purely through the phenomena arising out of the accumulation and investment of saving . [ 33 ]
vi
The earlier versions of these theories start from the groundless and inadmissible assumption that unused savings are accumulated for a time and then suddenly invested , thus causing the productive apparatus to be extended in jerks .
Such versions can be passed over without further analysis .
For one thing , it is impossible to give any plausible explanation why unused savings should accumulate for a time ; [ 34 ] for another thing , even if such an explanation were forthcoming , it would provide no clue to the disproportional development in the production of capital goods .
The fact that the mere existence of fluctuations in saving activity does not in itself explain this problem is realized ( in contrast to many other economists ) by the most distinguished exponent of these theories , Prof. A. Spiethoff .
This is plain from his negative answer to the analogous question , whether in a barter economy an increase in saving can create the necessary conditions for depression . [ 35 ]
Indeed , it is difficult to see how spontaneous variations in the volume of saving ( which are not themselves open to further economic explanation , and must therefore be regarded as changes of data ) within the limits in which they are actually observed can possibly create the typical disturbances with which trade cycle theory is concerned . [ 36 ]
Where , then , according to these theories , may we find the reason for this genesis of disequilibrating disturbances in the processes of saving and investment ?
We will keep to the basis of Spiethoff 's theory , which is certainly the most complete of its kind .
We may disregard his simple reference to the " complexity of capital relations , " for it does not in itself provide an explanation .
The main basis of his explanation is to be found in the following sentence : " If capitalists and producers of immediate consumption goods want to keep their production in step with the supply of acquisitive loan capital , these processes should be consciously adjusted to one another . " [ 37 ]
But the creation of acquisitive loan capital ensues independently of the production of intermediate goods and durable capital goods ; and conversely , the latter can be produced without the entrepreneur knowing the extent to which acquisitive capital ( i.e. , savings ) exists and is available for investment ; and thus there is always a danger that one of these processes may lag behind while the other hastens forward .
This reference to the entrepreneur 's ignorance of the situation belongs , however , to that category of explanation that we had to reject earlier .
Instead of showing why prices — and in this case , particularly , the price of capital , which is interest — do not fulfill , or fail to fulfill adequately , their normal function of regulating the volume of production , it unexpectedly overlooks the fact that the extent of production is regulated on the basis not of a knowledge of demand but through price determination .
Assuming that the rate of interest always determines the point to which the available volume of savings enables productive plant to be extended — and it is only by this assumption that we can explain what determines the rate of interest at all — any allegations of a discrepancy between savings and investments must be backed up by a demonstration why , in the given case , interest does not fulfill this function . [ 38 ]
Professor Spiethoff , like most of the theorists of this group , evades this necessary issue — as we shall see later — by introducing another assumption of crucial importance .
It is only by means of this assumption that the causes that he particularly enumerates in his analysis gain significance as an explanation ; and therefore it should not have been treated as a self - evident condition , to be casually mentioned , but as the starting point of the whole theoretical analysis .
vii
Before going into this question , however , we must turn our attention to the importance in trade cycle theory of errors of forecast , and , in connection with these , to a third group of theories that have not been considered up to now : the psychological theories .
Here , as elsewhere in our investigations , we shall only be concerned with those theories that are endogenous — i.e. , which explain the origin of general under - and overestimation from the economic situation itself , and not from some external circumstance such as weather changes , etc .
As we said earlier , fluctuations of economic activity that merely represent an adjustment to corresponding changes in external circumstances present no problem to economic theory .
The various psychological factors cited are only relevant to our analysis in so far as they can cast light on its central problem : that is , how an overestimate of future demand can occasion a development of the productive apparatus so excessive as automatically to lead to a reaction , unprecipitated by other psychological changes .
Those who are familiar with the most distinguished of these theories , that of Professor A.C. Pigou ( which , owing to lack of space , cannot be reproduced here ) [ 39 ] will see at once that the endogenous psychological theories are open to the same objections as the two groups of theories we have already examined .
Professor Pigou does not explain why errors should arise in estimating the effect , on the price of the final product , of an increase in demand or a fall in cost — or , if the estimate is correct , why the readjustment of the prices of means of production should not check the expansion of production at the right point .
No one would deny , of course , that errors can arise as regards the future movements of particular prices .
But it is not permissible to assume without further proof that the equilibrating mechanism of the economic system will begin its work only when the excessively increased product due to these mistaken forecasts actually comes on the market , the disproportional development continuing undisturbed up to that time .
At one point or another , all theories that start to explain cyclical fluctuations by miscalculations or ignorance as regards the economic situation fall into the same error as those naive explanations that base themselves on the " planlessness " of the economic system .
They overlook the fact that , in the exchange economy , production is governed by prices , independently of any knowledge of the whole process on the part of individual producers , so that it is only when the pricing process is itself disturbed that a misdirection of production can occur .
The " wrong " prices , on the other hand , which lead to " wrong " dispositions , cannot in turn be explained by a mistake .
Within the framework of a system of explanations in which , as in all modern economic theory , prices are merely expressions of a necessary tendency towards a state of equilibrium , it is not permissible to reintroduce the old Sismondian idea of the misleading effect of prices on production without first bringing it into line with the fundamental system of explanation .
viii
It is perhaps scarcely necessary to point out that all the objections raised against the non-monetary theories , already cited in our investigations , are justified by one particular assumption that we had to make in order to examine the independent validity of the so - called " real " explanations .
In order to see whether the " real " causes ( whose effect is always emphasized as a proof that monetary changes are not the cause of cyclical fluctuations ) can provide a sufficient explanation of the cycle , it has been necessary to study their operation under conditions of pure barter .
And even if it were impossible to prove fully that , under these conditions , no non-monetary explanation is sufficient , enough has been said , I think , to indicate the general trend of thought which would refute all theories based exclusively on productive , market , financial , or psychological phenomena .
None of these phenomena can help us to dissolve the fundamental equilibrium relationships that form the basis of all economic explanation .
And this dissolution is indispensable if we are to protect ourselves against objections such as those outlined above .
If the various theories comprised in these groups are still able to offer a plausible explanation of cyclical fluctuations , and if their authors do not realize the contradictions involved , this is due to the unconscious importation of an assumption incompatible with a purely ' real ' explanation .
This assumption is adequate to dissolve the rigid reaction - mechanisms of barter - economy , and thus makes possible the processes described ; but for this very reason it should not be treated as a self - evident condition , but as the basis of the explanation itself .
The condition thus tacitly assumed — and one can easily prove that it is in fact assumed in all the theories examined above — is the existence of credit which , within reasonable limits , is always at the entrepreneur 's disposal at an unchanged price .
This , however , assumes the absence of the most important controls that , in the barter economy , keep the extension of the productive apparatus within economically permissible limits .
Once we assume that , even at a single point , the pricing process fails to equilibrate supply and demand , so that over a more or less long period demand may be satisfied at prices at which the available supply is inadequate to meet total demand , then the march of economic events loses its determinateness and a range of indeterminateness appears , within which movements can originate leading away from equilibrium .
And it is rightly assumed , as we shall see later on , that it is precisely the behavior of interest , the price of credit , which makes possible these disturbances in price formation .
We must not , however , overlook the fact that the range of indeterminateness thus created is ' indeterminate ' only in relation to the absolute determinateness of barter economy .
The new price formation , together with the new structure of production determined by it , must in turn conform to certain laws , and the apparent indeterminateness does not imply unfettered mobility of prices and production .
On the contrary , every departure from the original equilibrium position is definitely determined by the new conditioning factor .
But if it is the existence of credit that makes these various disturbances possible , and if the volume and direction of new credit determines the extent of deviations from the equilibrium position , it is clearly not permissible to regard credit as a kind of passive element , and its presence as a self - evident condition .
One must regard it rather as the new determining factor whose appearance causes these deviations and whose effects must form our starting point when deducing all those phenomena that can be observed in cyclical fluctuations .
Only when we have succeeded in doing this can we claim to have explained the phenomena described .
The neglect to derive the appearance of disproportionality from this condition , which must be assumed in order to keep the argument within the framework of equilibrium theory , leads to certain consequences that are best exemplified in the work of Professor Spiethoff .
For , in his theory , all - important interconnections are worked out in the fullest detail and none of the observed phenomena remains unaccounted for .
But he is not able to deduce the various phenomena described from the single factor that , by virtue of its role in disturbing the interrelationships of general equilibrium , should form the basis of his explanation .
At each stage of his exposition he calls in experience to back him up and to show what deviations from the equilibrium position actually occur within the given range of indeterminateness .
Consequently it never becomes clear why these phenomena must always occur as they are described ; and there always remains a possibility that , on some other occasion , they may occur in a different way , or in a different order , without his being able to account for this difference on the basis of his exposition .
In other words the latter , however accurately and pertinently it describes the observed phenomena , does not qualify as a theory in the rigid sense of the word , for it does not set out those conditions in whose presence events must follow a scientifically determined course .
ix
Although there is no doubt that all non-monetary trade cycle theories tacitly assume that the production of capital goods has been made possible by the creation of new credit , and although this condition is often emphasized in the course of the exposition , [ 40 ] no one has yet proved that this circumstance should form the exclusive basis of the explanation .
As far as strict logic is concerned , it would not be impossible for such theories to make use of some other assumption that is capable of dissolving the rigid interrelationships of equilibrium and , therefore , of forming the basis of an exact theoretical analysis .
But once we assume the existence of credit in our explanation , we can attack the problem by seeing how far the objections raised earlier against the validity of the various theories under a barter economy are invalidated when the new assumption is made .
Then we shall also be able to determine whether this assumption has necessarily to be made in the usual form , or whether it only represents a special instance of a far more widely significant extension of the assumptions of elementary theory .
The question we have to ask ourselves is : what new price - determining factor is introduced by the assumption of a credit supply that can be enlarged while other conditions remain unchanged — a factor capable of deflecting the tendency towards the establishment of equilibrium between supply and demand ?
Whether we necessarily accept the answer that , to my mind , is the only possible one depends on whether we agree with a certain basic proposition , which could only be briefly outlined here and whose full proof could only be given within the framework of a complete system of pure economics : namely , the proposition that , in a barter economy , interest forms a sufficient regulator for the proportional development of the production of capital goods and consumption goods , respectively .
If it is admitted that , in the absence of money , interest would effectively prevent any excessive extension of the production of production goods , by keeping it within the limits of the available supply of savings , and that an extension of the stock of capital goods that is based on a voluntary postponement of consumers ' demand into the future can never lead to disproportionate extensions , then it must also necessarily be admitted that disproportional developments in the production of capital goods can arise only through the independence of the supply of free money capital from the accumulation of savings , which in turn arises from the elasticity of the volume of money . [ 41 ]
Every change in the volume of means of circulation is , in fact , an event to be distinguished from all other real causes , for the purpose of theoretical reasoning ; for , unlike all others , it implies a loosening of the interrelationships of equilibrium .
No change in " real " factors , whether in the amount of available means of production , in consumers ' preferences , or elsewhere , can do away with that final identity of total demand and total supply on which every conception of economic equilibrium is based .
A change in the volume of money , on the other hand , represents as it were a one - sided change in demand , which is not counterbalanced by an equivalent change in supply .
Money , being a pure means of exchange , not being wanted by anyone for purposes of consumption , must by its nature always be re-exchanged without ever having entirely fulfilled its purpose ; thus when it is present it loosens that finality and " closedness " of the system which is the fundamental assumption of static theory , and leads to phenomena that the closed system of static equilibrium renders inconceivable . [ 42 ]
Together with the " closedness " of the system there necessarily disappears the interdependence of all its parts , and thus prices become possible which do not operate according to the self - regulating principles of the economic system described by static theory .
On the contrary , these prices may elicit movements that not only do not lead to a new equilibrium position but actually create new disturbances of equilibrium .
In this way , through the inclusion of money among the basic assumptions of exposition , it becomes possible to deduce a priori phenomena such as those observed in cyclical fluctuations .
One instance of these disturbances in the price mechanism , brought about by monetary influences — and the one which is most important from the point of view of trade cycle theory — is that putting out of action of the " interest brake " which is taken for granted by the trade cycle theories examined above .
How far this circumstance forms a sufficient basis for a theory of the trade cycle is a problem of the concrete elaboration of monetary explanation , and will therefore be dealt with in the next chapter , where we shall examine how far existing monetary theories have already tackled those problems that are relevant to a theory of the trade cycle .
x
The purpose of the foregoing chapter was to show that only the assumption of primary monetary changes can fulfill the fundamentally necessary condition of any theoretical explanation of cyclical fluctuations — a condition not fulfilled by any theory based exclusively on " real " processes .
If this is true then at the outset of theoretical exposition , those monetary processes must be recognized as decisive causes .
For we can gain a theoretically unexceptionable explanation of complex phenomena only by first assuming the full activity of the elementary economic interconnections as shown by the equilibrium theory , and then introducing , consciously and successively , just those elements that are capable of relaxing these rigid interrelationships .
All the phenomena that become possible only as a result of this relaxation must then be explained — as consequences of the particular elements , through whose inclusion among the elementary assumptions they become explicable within the framework of general theory .
In place of such a theoretical deduction , we often find an assertion , unfounded on any system , of a far - reaching indeterminacy in the economy .
Paradoxically stated as it is , this thesis is bound to have a devastating effect on theory ; for it involves the sacrifice of any exact theoretical deduction , and the very possibility of a theoretical explanation of economic phenomena is rendered problematic .
Similar objections of a general nature must be leveled against another large group of theories that we have not yet mentioned .
This group pays close attention to the monetary interconnections and expressly emphasizes them as a necessary condition for the occurrence of the processes described .
But they fail to pass from this realization to the necessary conclusion — to make it a starting point for their theoretical elaboration , from which all other particular phenomena have to be deduced .
To this group belongs the theory of Professor J. Schumpeter , and certain " underconsumption theories " [ 43 ] notably that of Professor E. Lederer — and , similarly , the various " realistic " theories : that is , those that renounce any unified theoretical deduction , such as those of Professors G. Cassel , J. Lescure and Wesley Mitchell .
With regard to all these semi-monetary explanations , we must ask whether — once we have been compelled to introduce new assumptions foreign to the static system — it is not the first task of a theoretical investigation to examine all the consequences that must necessarily ensue from this new assumption , and , in so far as any phenomena are thus proved to be logically derivable from the latter , to regard them in the course of the exposition as effects of the new condition introduced .
Only in this way is it possible to incorporate trade cycle theory into the static system that is the basis of all theoretical economics ; and , for this very reason , the monetary elements must be regarded as decisive factors in the explanation of cyclical fluctuations .
The contrast therefore can be reduced to a question of theoretical presentation , and it may even seem , when comparing these theories , that the matter of the express recognition of the monetary starting point is one of purely methodological or even terminological importance , having no bearing on the essential solution of the problem .
But the same procedure that in one case may only lead to a lapse from theoretical elegance , breaking the unity of the theoretical structure , may in another case lead to the introduction of thoroughly faulty reasoning , against which only a rigid systematical procedure provides an effective security .
Lecture III : Monetary Theories of the Trade Cycle
i
The argument of the foregoing chapters has demonstrated the main reason for the necessity of the monetary approach to trade cycle theory .
It arises from the circumstance that the automatic adjustment of supply and demand can only be disturbed when money is introduced into the economic system .
This adjustment must be considered , according to the reasoning that it most clearly expressed in Say 's Théorie des Débouchés , as being always present in a state of natural economy .
Every explanation of the trade cycle that uses the methods of economic theory — which of course is only possible through systematic coordination of the former with the fundamental propositions of the latter — must , therefore , start by considering the influences that emanate from the use of money .
By following up their results it should be possible to demonstrate the total effect on the economic system , and formulate the result into a coordinated whole .
This must be the aim of all theories that set out to explain disturbances in equilibrium , which by their very nature cannot be regarded as immediate consequences of changes in data , but only as arising out of the development of the economic system itself .
For that typical form of disturbance that experience shows to be regularly recurrent , and that can properly be called the trade cycle , the influence of money should be sought in the fact that when the volume of money is elastic , there may exist a lack of rigidity in the relationship between saving and the creation of real capital .
This is a fact that nearly all the theories of the disproportional production of capital goods are agreed in emphasizing .
It is , therefore , the first task of monetary trade cycle theory to show why and how monetary influences directly bring about regular disturbances in just this part of the economic system .
ii
Naturally no attempt will be made at this stage to present such a theory systematically .
This chapter is concerned with one particular task : it attempts to show how far existing monetary theories have already gone towards a satisfactory solution of the problem of the trade cycle , and what corrections are needed in order to invalidate certain objections that , up to the present , have appeared well founded .
It should already be clear that what we expect from a monetary trade cycle theory differs considerably from what most of the monetary trade cycle theories regard as the essential aim of their explanation .
We are in no way concerned to explain the effect of the monetary factor on trade fluctuations through changes in the value of money and variations in the price level — subjects that form the main basis of current monetary theories .
We expect such an explanation to emerge rather from a study of all the changes originating in the monetary field — more especially variations in its quantity — changes that are bound to disturb the equilibrium interrelationships existing in the natural economy , whether the disturbance shows itself in a change in the so - called " general value of money " or not .
Our plea for a monetary approach to all trade cycle theory does not , therefore , imply that henceforward such theories should be exclusively , or even principally , based on those arguments that usually predominate in writings on money , and that set out to explain the general level of prices and alterations in the " value of money . "
On the contrary , monetary theory should not merely be concerned with money for its own sake , but should also study those phenomena that distinguish the money economy from the equilibrium interrelationships of barter economy that must always be assumed by " pure economies . "
It must of course be admitted that many trade cycle theorists regard the importance of monetary theory as residing precisely in its ability to explain the cause of fluctuations by reference to changes in the general price level .
Hence , it is not difficult to understand why certain economists believe that , once they have rejected this view , they have settled once and for all with the monetary explanations of the trade cycle .
It is not surprising that monetary theories of the trade cycle should be rejected by those who , like Professor A. Spiethoff in his well - known work on the quantity theory as " Haussetheorie , " [ 44 ] identify them with the naive quantity theory explanations that derive fluctuations from changes in the price level . [ 45 ]
Against such a conception it can rightly be urged that there are a number of phenomena tending to bring about fluctuations , which certainly do not depend on changes in the value of money , and which can , in fact , exert a disturbing effect on the economic equilibrium without these changes occurring at all .
Again , in spite of many assertions to the contrary , fluctuations in the general price level need not always be ascribed to monetary causes . [ 46 ]
iii
But theories that explain the trade cycle in terms of fluctuations in the general price level must be rejected not only because they fail to show why the monetary factor disturbs the general equilibrium , but also because their fundamental hypothesis is , from a theoretical standpoint , every bit as naive as that of those theories which entirely neglect the influence of money .
They start off with a " normal position " which , however , has nothing to do with the normal position obtaining in the static state ; and they are based on a postulate , the postulate of a constant price level , which , if fulfilled , suffices in itself to break down the interrelationships of equilibrium .
All these theories , indeed , are based on the idea — quite groundless but hitherto virtually unchallenged — that if only the value of money does not change it ceases to exert a direct and independent influence on the economic system .
But this assumption ( which is present , more or less , in the work of all monetary theorists ) , so far from being the necessary starting point for all trade cycle theory , is perhaps the greatest existing hindrance to a successful examination of the course of cyclical fluctuations .
It forces us to assume variations in the effective quantity of money as given .
Such variations , however , always dissolve the equilibrium interrelationships described by static theory ; but they must necessarily be assumed if the value of money is to remain constant despite changes in data ; and therefore they cannot be used to explain deviations from the course of events which static theory lays down .
The only proper starting point for any explanation based on equilibrium theory must be the effect of a change in the volume of money ; for this , in itself , constitutes a new state of affairs , entirely different from that generally treated within the framework of static theory .
In complete contrast to those economic changes conditioned by " real " forces , influencing simultaneously total supply and total demand , changes in the volume of money have , so to speak , a one - sided influence that elicits no reciprocal adjustment in the economic activity of different individuals .
By deflecting a single factor , without simultaneously eliciting corresponding changes in other parts of the system , it dissolves its " closedness , " makes a breach in the rigid reaction mechanism of the system ( which rests on the ultimate identity of supply and demand ) and opens a way for tendencies leading away from the equilibrium position .
As a theory of these one - sided influences , the theory of monetary economy should , therefore , be able to explain the occurrence of phenomena that would be inconceivable in the barter economy , and notably the disproportional developments that give rise to crises . [ 47 ]
A starting point for such explanations should be found in the possibility of alterations in the quantity of money occurring automatically and in the normal course of events , under the present organization of money and credit , without the need for violent or artificial action by any external agency .
iv
Even if a systematic treatment of the trade cycle problem has not yet been forthcoming , it should be noted that , throughout the different attempts at monetary explanation , there runs a secondary idea that is closely allied to that of the direct dependence of fluctuations on changes in the value of money .
It is true that this idea is used merely as a subordinate device of technique to assist in the explanation of fluctuations in the value of money .
But its development included the analysis of the most important elements in the monetary factors chiefly connected with the trade cycle .
This was done in the teaching that began with H. Thornton [ 48 ] and D. Ricardo [ 49 ] and was taken up again by H.D. Macleod , [ 50 ] H. Sidgwick , R. Giffen and J.S. Nicholson , [ 51 ] and finally developed by A. Marshall , [ 52 ] K. Wicksell , [ 53 ] and L. v. Mises , [ 54 ] whose works trace the development of the effects on the structure of production of a rate of interest that alters relatively to the equilibrium rate , as a result of monetary influences .
For the purpose of this review it is unnecessary to go back to the earlier representatives of this group ; it is enough to consider the conceptions of Wicksell and Mises , since both the recent improvements that have been effected and the errors that still subsist can be best examined on the basis of these studies . [ 55 ]
It must be taken for granted that the reader is acquainted with the works of both Wicksell and Mises .
Wicksell , from the outset , [ 56 ] regards the problem as concerning explicitly the average change in the price of goods , which from the theoretical standpoint is quite irrelevant .
He starts from the hypothesis that , in the absence of disturbing monetary influences , the average price level must remain unchanged .
This assumption is based on another , only incidentally expressed , [ 57 ] which is not worked out and which , from the point of view of most of the problems dealt with , is not even permissible : i.e. , the assumption of a stationary state of the economy .
His fundamental thesis is that when the money rate of interest coincides with the natural rate ( i.e. , that rate which exactly balances the demand for loan capital and the supply of savings ) [ 58 ] then money bears a completely neutral relationship to the price of goods , and tends neither to raise nor to lower it .
But , owing to the nature of his basic assumptions , this thesis enables him to show deductively only that every lag of the money rate behind the natural rate must lead to a rise in the general price level , and every increase of the money rate above the natural rate to a fall in general price level .
It is only incidentally , in the course of his analysis of the effects on the price level of a money rate of interest differing from the natural rate that Wicksell touches on the consequences of such a distortion of the natural price formation ( made possible by elasticity in the volume of currency ) on the development of particular branches of production ; and it is this question that is of the most decisive importance to trade cycle theory .
If one were to make a systematic attempt to coordinate these ideas into an explanation of the trade cycle ( dropping , as is essential , the assumption of the stationary state ) a curious contradiction would arise .
On the one hand , we are told that the price level remains unaltered when the money rate of interest is the same as the natural rate ; and , on the other , that the production of capital goods is , at the same time , kept within the limits imposed by the supply of real savings .
One need say no more in order to show that there are cases — certainly all cases of an expanding economy , which are those most relevant to trade cycle theory — in which the rate of interest that equilibrates the supply of real savings and the demand for capital cannot be the rate of interest that also prevents changes in the price level . [ 59 ]
In this case , stability of the price level presupposes changes in the volume of money : but these changes must always lead to a discrepancy between the amount of real savings and the volume of investment .
The rate of interest at which , in an expanding economy , the amount of new money entering circulation is just sufficient to keep the price level stable , is always lower than the rate that would keep the amount of available loan capital equal to the amount simultaneously saved by the public : and thus , despite the stability of the price level , it makes possible a development leading away from the equilibrium position .
But Wicksell does not recognize here a monetary influence tending , independently of changes in the price level , to break down the equilibrium system of barter economics : so long as the stability of the price level is undisturbed , everything appears to him to be in order . [ 60 ]
Obsessed by the notion that the only aim of monetary theory is to explain those phenomena that cause the value of money to alter , he thinks himself justified in neglecting all deviations of the processes of money economy from those of barter economy , so long as they throw no direct light on the determination of the value of money : and thus he shuts the door on the possibility of a general theory covering all the consequences of the phenomena he indicates . [ 61 ]
But although his thesis of a direct relationship between movements in the price level and deviations of the money rate of interest from its natural level , holds good only in a stationary state , and is therefore inadequate for an explanation of cyclical fluctuations , his account of the effects of this deviation on the price structure and the development of the various branches of production constitutes the most important basis for any future monetary trade cycle theory .
But this future theory , unlike that of Wicksell , will have to examine not movements in the general price level but rather those deviations of particular prices from their equilibrium position that were caused by the monetary factor .
v
The investigations of Professor Mises represent a big step forward in this direction , although he still regards the fluctuations in the value of money as the main object of his explanation , and deals with the phenomena of disproportionality only in so far as they can be regarded as consequences — in the widest sense of the term — of these fluctuations .
But Professor Mises 's conception of the intrinsic value of money extends the notion of " fluctuations in money value " far beyond the limits of what this term is commonly understood to mean ; and so he is in a position to describe within the framework , or rather under the name , of a theory of fluctuations in the value of money , all monetary influences on price formation . [ 62 ]
His exposition already contains an account of practically all those effects of a rate of interest altered through monetary influences , which are important for an explanation of the course of the trade cycle .
Thus he describes the disproportionate development of various branches of production and the resulting changes in the income structure .
And yet this presentation of his theory under the guise of a theory of fluctuation in the value of money remains dangerous , partly because it always gives rise to misunderstandings , but mainly because it seems to bring into the foreground a secondary effect of cyclical fluctuations , an effect that generally accompanies the latter but need not necessarily do so .
This is no place to examine the extent to which Professor Mises escapes from this difficulty by using the concept of the inner objective value of money .
For us , the only point of importance is that the effects of an artificially lowered rate of interest , pointed out by Wicksell and Mises , exist whether this same circumstance does or does not eventually react on the general value of money , in the sense of its purchasing power .
Therefore they must be dealt with independently if they are to be properly understood . [ 63 ]
Increases in the volume of circulation , which in an expanding economy serve to prevent a drop in the price level , present a typical instance of a change in the monetary factor calculated to cause a discrepancy between the money and natural rate of interest without affecting the price level .
These changes are consequently neglected , as a rule , in dealing with phenomena of disproportionality ; but they are bound to lead to a distribution of productive resources between capital goods and consumption goods that differs from the equilibrium distribution , just as those changes in the monetary factor that do manifest themselves in changes in the price level .
This case is particularly important , because under contemporary currency systems , the automatic adjustment of the value of money in the form of a flow of precious metals will regularly make available new supplies of purchasing power that will depress the money rate of interest below its natural level . [ 64 ]
Since a stable price level has been regarded as normal hitherto , far too little investigation has been made into the effects of these changes in the volume of money , which necessarily cause a development different from that which would be expected on the basis of static theory and which lead to the establishment of a structure of production incapable of perpetuating itself once the change in the monetary factor has ceased to operate .
Economists have overlooked the fact that the changes in the volume of money , which , in an expanding economy , are necessary to maintain price stability , lead to a new state of affairs foreign to static analysis , so that the development that occurs under a stable price level cannot be regarded as consonant with static laws .
Thus the disturbances described as resulting from changes in the value of money form only a small part of the much wider category of deviations from the static course of events brought about by changes in the volume of money — which may often exist without changes in the value of money , while they may also fail to accompany changes in value of money when the latter occur .
vi
As has been briefly indicated above , most of the objections raised against monetary theories of cyclical fluctuations rest on the mistaken idea that their significant contribution consists in deducing changes in the volume of production from the movement of prices en bloc .
In particular , the very extensive criticism recently leveled by Dr. Burchardt and Professor Lowe against monetary trade cycle theory is based throughout on the idea that this theory must start from the wave - like fluctuations of the price level , which are conditioned mainly by monetary causes ; the rise , as well as the fall , of the price level being brought about by particular new forces originating on the side of money .
It is only through this special assumption , which is also stated explicitly , that Professor Lowe 's systematic presentation of his objections in his latest work [ 65 ] becomes comprehensible ; he is completely misleading when he asserts that , if it is to raise the monetary factor to the rank of a conditio sine qua non of the trade cycle , monetary theory ought to prove that the effectiveness of all non-monetary factors depends on a previous price boom . [ 66 ]
We have already shown that it is not even necessary , in order to ascribe the cause of cyclical fluctuations to monetary changes , to assume that these monetary causes act through changes in the general price level .
It is therefore impossible to maintain that the importance of monetary theories lies solely in an explanation of price cycles . [ 67 ]
But even the essential point in the criticism of Lowe and Burchardt — the assertion that all monetary theories explain the transition from boom to depression not in terms of monetary causes but in terms of other causes super - added to the monetary explanation — rests exclusively on the idea that only general price changes can be recognized as monetary effects .
But general price changes are no essential feature of a monetary theory of the trade cycle ; they are not only unessential , but they would be completely irrelevant if only they were completely " general " — that is , if they affected all prices at the same time and in the same proportion .
The point of real interest to trade cycle theory is the existence of certain deviations in individual price relations occurring because changes in the volume of money appear at certain individual points ; deviations , that is , away from the position that is necessary to maintain the whole system in equilibrium .
Every disturbance of the equilibrium of prices leads necessarily to shifts in the structure of production , which must therefore be regarded as consequences of monetary change , never as additional separate assumptions .
The nature of the changes in the composition of the existing stock of goods , which are effected through such monetary changes , depends of course on the point at which the money is injected into the economic system .
There is no doubt that the emphasis placed on this phenomenon marks the most important advance made by monetary science beyond the elementary truths of the quantity theory .
Monetary theory no longer rests content with determining the final reaction of a given monetary cause on the purchasing power of money , but attempts instead to trace the successive alterations in particular prices , which eventually bring about a change in the whole price system . [ 68 ]
The assumption of a " time lag " between the successive changes in various prices has not been spun out of thin air solely fo
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Negotiations in Congress toward a massive bailout for Wall Street fell into disarray on Thursday night after a contentious White House meeting , with lawmakers later offering conflicting reports about the position of presidential candidate Sen.
John McCain .
The White House meeting -- attended by McCain , Democratic rival Sen. Barack Obama , President George W. Bush and lawmakers from both parties -- “ devolved into a contentious shouting match , ” according to a statement from the McCain campaign .
“ At today ’s cabinet meeting , John McCain did not attack any proposal or endorse any plan , ” the statement said .
Senior Democrats said they came away from the afternoon White House session with the impression that McCain was backing an entirely new Wall Street rescue plan , one differing markedly from a Bush administration proposal under discussion for days .
Massachusetts Democratic Rep. Barney Frank , chairman of the House of Representatives Financial Services Committee and a participant in the White House gathering , said negotiations could be set back by the confusion .
“ House Republicans , in some kind of arrangement with McCain , went off to wherever .
I do n’t know whether they ’re ready to negotiate this .
Their thing was some totally different mortgage insurance plan ... that would clearly delay this for a week or more , ” Frank told reporters .
Frank has played a key role in talks over the Bush administration proposal , which would spend taxpayer money to buy up bad mortgage debt from distressed banks in an effort to free up capital markets clogged with billions of dollars of illiquid securities created during the home price bubble .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
“ We ’re not going to give up , ” Frank said , pledging that Democrats will not bring a bill to the floor that lacks support from both parties .
But he added , “ If the House Republicans continue to reject the president ’s approach , there ’s no bill . ”
Frank said negotiations would continue on Friday , but with no sign that House Republicans would take part .
COUNTER PROPOSAL
Bush ’s plan has met fierce opposition on Capitol Hill .
Democrats have offered a counter - proposal adding provisions to impose more oversight ; boost efforts to prevent foreclosures ; give the government a stake in companies participating in the program ; and limit executive pay of participating companies .
On Thursday , a small group of conservative House Republicans -- including Texas ’ Jeb Hensarling and Virginia ’s Eric Cantor -- offered their own alternative to the Bush proposal .
Focused on mortgage insurance , the one - page alternative plan was presented to reporters at a briefing .
The plan calls for the U.S. government to offer insurance coverage for the roughly half of all mortgage - backed securities that it does not already insure .
The Treasury Department would charge premiums to holders of the securities , under the plan .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
It also called for temporary tax cuts and regulatory relief for businesses .
In addition , financial institutions participating in the proposed program would have to disclose more about their mortgage asset holdings .
Cantor , one of the authors of the plan , said McCain had not endorsed it .
“ This is not part of his campaign , ” he said .
McCain campaign spokesman Tucker Bounds said , “ John McCain has been resolutely on the side of a responsible bipartisan agreement to protect homeowners , taxpayers and Main Street businesses -- he ’s on the side of a responsible solution . ”
Speaking after a meeting of House Democrats where lawmakers were briefed on the White House meeting , California Democratic Rep. Henry Waxman said McCain appeared to have embraced the proposal from Cantor , Hensarling and Wisconsin Rep. Paul Ryan .
“ It seems like ( McCain ) embraced Jeb Hensarling ’s position ...
It ’s a completely different approach , ” Waxman said .
“ It ’s hard to imagine where we go from here . ”
Frank said his committee held a hearing on Wednesday where witnesses included Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke , the two officials who have championed the Bush administration ’s massive bailout plan .
Frank said Hensarling attended the hearing as a committee member , “ but he never mentioned an alternative plan . ”
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said he was “ a little stunned ” when he heard talk at the White House about a completely new plan drawn up by House Republicans .
andhave signed on to star oppositein “ “ , director ‘s remake of his French - language film “ “ , reports Variety .
Sam Riley , 50 Cent , Rourke and Statham will star in the story of a man who steals a mysterious package and gets sucked into an underground gambling ring .
The 2005 film was the feature directorial debut of Géla Babluani .
Twenty - two - year - old Sebastien leads an impoverished life with his immigrant family constantly struggling to support them .
While repairing the roof of a neighbor ’s house , he overhears a conversation about an expected package that promises to make the household rich .
Sensing the opportunity of a lifetime , Sebastien intercepts the package containing a series of specific instructions .
Following the clues , he assumes a false identity and manages to slip through the grasp of the enclosing police as he ventures deeper and deeper into the countryside .
The closer he gets to his destination and the more people he meets along the way , the less he understands about what he is looking for .
Ultimately , he comes face to face with a ring of clandestine gamblers placing bets on the outcome of a multi-player , high stakes tournament of Russian roulette .
The original won the 2006 Sundance Grand Jury Prize and Babluani won best director at the Venice Film Festival .
“ 13 ” will be produced byofofandof the .
The film will begin shooting on November 17th in and around New York City .
Tras el escándalo que se originó luego de que se descubriera que el ex candidato presidencial se había saltado 15 kilómetros en el Maratón de Berlín para después atravesar la línea de meta , éste regresó ayer a la competencia y lo recorrió completo
[ email protected ]
Tras el escándalo que se originó luego de que se descubriera que el ex candidato presidencial Roberto Madrazo se había saltado 15 kilómetros en el Maratón de Berlín para después atravesar la línea de meta , éste regresó ayer a la competencia y lo recorrió completo .
Con un tiempo neto de 3 horas 45 minutos y 10 segundos , atravesó la línea de meta del Maratón de Berlín , el ex candidato presidencial , Roberto Madrazo .
El año anterior , Madrazo fue descubierto haciendo trampa , pues su tiempo de 2 horas 40 mintos despertó sospechas .
Era una marca descomunal para un hombre de 55 años .
Tan sólo 36 minutos por arriba del etiope Haile Gebrselassie , ganador del maratón elite de ese año .
Finalmente se descubrió que el mexicano se había saltado un tramo de 15 kilómetros .
Como resultado , su registro fue removido por completo de la base de datos del maratón .
El tiempo de este año , sin embargo , fue legal y colocó al ex candidato en el lugar 10 mil 182 , en la clasificación general y en el 353 de su categoría , con tiempos parciales que corroboran su participación .
Madrazo corrió parciales de cinco kilómetros en un promedio de 27 minutos .
Gebrselassie , nuevo récord Gebrselassie , quien se rehusó a participar en el maratón de los Juegos Olímpicos Beijing 2008 , al argumentar la mala condición ambiental , se coronó en el Maratón de Berlín con récord mundial .
El etíope cruzó la meta con un tiempo de 2 horas , tres minutos y 59 segundos , con lo que mejoró 28 segundos el tiempo del año pasado .
In 1936 , there was a low - budget movie called Reefer Madness .
It has become a cult classic .
It is online here .
It was produced during Franklin Roosevelt ’s New Deal .
A really accurate movie describing the New Deal would have been called “ Subsidy Madness . ”
Few people saw the connection in 1936 .
Few see it today .
About 95 % of those few who do see it deny it whenever the withdrawal pains begin .
I call them the libertarian cheerleaders .
The addiction to government subsidies is much greater because the results seem more pleasant , the market is far larger , the resistance is minimal , and the result is the same .
Just as with hallucinatory substances , you need ever more government regulation and more fiat money to get the same buzz .
In my September 9 report , “ It ’s a Wonderful Subsidized Life , ” I spoke of the weekend devastation inflicted by Hurricane Hank .
Secretary of the Treasury Henry Paulson announced the end of the semi-private mortgage market in the United States .
You can read my report here ( who won , who lost , who will lose ) .
The investment world cheered on Monday morning .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose by 290 points .
I said in my report , written on Monday afternoon , that the stock market rises for just one day after each weekend bailout .
Sure enough , on Tuesday , the Dow fell by 280 points .
Now comes Lew Rockwell with a terrific essay on why we should stop the bailout .
All of the self - identified libertarians who have rushed to assure us that the bailout was financially necessary , and that the government did the right thing , are once again proving the truth of this slogan :
“ There are no atheists in foxholes , and there are no libertarians in meltdowns . ”
There are a few holdouts .
Rockwell is one of them .
So am I .
That , plus $ 2 , will get you a ride on the New York City subway .
THE ROAD TO ADDICTION
Government intervention is like a hallucinatory drug .
So is fiat money .
The more you get , the more you want .
The buzz wears off sooner , and the highs are lower .
“ More !
More !
I have to get more ! ”
As I said in my previous essay , each government intervention calls forth the next one .
That idea goes back over half a century to an article written by Ludwig von Mises : “ Middle of the Road Policy Leads to Socialism . ”
You can read it here .
Mises made the point that each government intervention distorts the true conditions of supply and demand .
So , the result of the intervention is the opposite of the excuse the government used as a justification for the intervention .
Things get even worse .
The politicians and their hired servants , the bureaucrats , then announce another intervention into the operation of what little remains of the free market .
This time , they assure us , the system really will work better .
This time , it will be different .
But , of course , it is not different .
The reform does not work better .
It moves the market even further away from the true conditions of supply and demand .
It moves even further away from the free society .
Mises said that the results of the intervention are always worse from the point of view of the original justification by the politicians , namely , that the intervention would make things better .
All of the cheerleading from the libertarian camp about how it was a great idea for the government to intervene to stabilize the mortgage market will turn to dust in their mouths .
A year from now , or five years from now , the mortgage market is going to be worse .
But the dust - eaters will convince themselves that it really is caviar .
There will be more intervention by politicians and bureaucrats .
There will be more distortions in the conditions of supply and demand .
Political pressures will be brought on the politicians to continue to subsidize people who cannot afford to buy a home , and who could not possibly get a loan to buy a home in a free market .
Low down payments are still going to be common .
There will be millions more Americans abandoning their homes by walking away or by foreclosure .
There will be more people declaring bankruptcy because they had been lured into the investment , so - called , in housing .
It was not an investment ; it was a high - ticket consumer expense .
Now millions of consumers find that they cannot afford the expense .
So , they are walking away .
There are 1.2 million homes in foreclosure today .
In a year there will be 2 million homes in foreclosure .
Over and over , we see the same pattern : government intervention distorts the free market , which then results in unforeseen negative consequences .
When I say unforeseen , I mean “ unforeseen by the politicians and bureaucrats . ”
Also , “ unforeseen by the libertarian cheerleaders who told the public that it was necessary that the government intervene . ”
The ex-atheists in foxholes are closer to the truth than the ex-libertarians during meltdowns .
There is a God , but there are no successful solutions from government intervention during the meltdown .
The government merely kicks the can down the road again .
The errors increase .
The negative feedback from the market , which would have reduced the errors , is not allowed to function .
Whatever the problem was that the government was attempting to solve escalates .
The next crisis will be worse .
Then , once again , the libertarian cheerleaders will stand behind the government and tell their constituents that it is sad that this was necessary , but there is no question that it was necessary .
These people never learn .
They are not believers in the free market .
They are believers in the mixed economy .
They are Keynesians in drag .
Their cheerleading confuses sensible people whose instincts are correct .
These people believe that taxpayers ’ money should not be used to bail out investors who bought the common stock and preferred stock and the bonds issued by these two gigantic government boondoggles .
They understand that this bailout is one more subsidy to the rich .
In this case , it is a subsidy to the richest of the rich : the central bank of China and the central bank of Japan .
This bailout is a gigantic payoff by the United States Treasury to the idiot bureaucrats who run the central bank of China and the central bank of Japan .
These bureaucrats are mercantilists .
They subsidize exports — a limited sector of their national markets — to foreigners .
They create fiat money and buy U.S. dollar - denominated bonds .
Why ?
To keep their currencies from rising in value and thereby reduce exports .
These two central banks invested in a pair of boondoggles during a period in which the greatest idiot of all , Alan Greenspan , a “ the government must intervene one last time to save the economy ” libertarian , was pumping fiat money into the economy and forcing down interest rates .
Rates on Treasury debt fell .
The idiot Chinese central bankers and the idiot Japanese central bankers bought the bonds of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac because these bonds paid a slightly higher rate of interest than Treasury debt .
They did this , knowing full well that both organizations were not supported by the US government and did not say that they were supported by the US government .
But the idiot bankers bought the bonds nonetheless .
This summer , they were facing default .
But , lo and behold , it was Hurricane Hank to the rescue !
On his own authority , he announced that the United States Treasury will intervene to fund the bankrupt boondoggles to the tune ( initially ) of $ 100 billion per boondoggle .
He correctly assumed that the Democrats in Congress would rush to support his decision , and thereby validate another high bureaucrat who acts on behalf of George W. Bush .
He was correct .
The Democrats in Congress have all said , just as the cheerleading libertarians said , that this intervention is necessary to save the economy .
The Democrats are to Republicans what libertarians are to Keynesians .
They are government intervention cheerleaders in a crisis .
Any voter whose instincts tell him that the Federal government should not bail out rich investors who have made bad investments on the assumption that the government would bail them out becomes the fall guy .
Like all the other taxpayers , he is going to pay the freight to bail out the bad investments of the idiots .
So , as it turns out , the idiots were the smart guys .
It ’s still the same old story .
The idiot buyers of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac bonds knew who they were dealing with .
They were dealing with a corrupt Administration and a corrupt Congress .
A bond of political unity joins together Republicans and Democrats .
This bond is based on moral corruption : the politics of plunder .
Did any Democrat in Congress rush to criticize hurricane Hank ?
Of course not .
The only Senator who openly criticized the whole corrupt deal was a Republican , Jim Bunning .
It took a retired baseball pitcher to recognize a spitball when he saw one .
A SPITBALL FROM PAULSON
The housing market is going to continue to decline .
Prices from the peak in 2005 to the bottom in 2011 will fall by at least 40 % nationally .
In some regions , such as California , Florida , and Nevada , the fall will be even greater .
I think Professor Nuriel Roubini of New York University is probably close to the truth : by the end of 2009 , 40 % of all Americans who live in a home for which there is a mortgage will be underwater .
That is , they will owe more money on their homes than they could sell the homes for after discounts and real estate commissions .
The bailout of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac was justified officially because the government says that there has to be continuity in the mortgage market .
This continuity refers to future sales of homes .
It is an attempt to maintain the high price of homes .
This is supposedly a good idea .
This is a standard government good idea : “ Keep prices higher than they would have been if there had been no government intervention . ”
In other words , it is an attack on consumers .
Virtually all government intervention is an attack on consumers .
It may be an attack on consumers in the majority on behalf of consumers in the minority , but it is nonetheless an attack on consumers .
The government almost always intervenes on behalf of the suppliers , not on behalf of the consumers .
So it is in this case .
The justification has been that there must be orderly markets for homes .
This means keeping sale prices higher than the free market would produce .
Let ’s not kid ourselves .
This bailout is a subsidy to the suppliers of homes .
It is a subsidy to the few surviving homebuilders , to people who own homes , and to people who may want to sell their home to buy an even bigger home later on .
This is an assault on home buyers .
It is an assault on anyone who has saved 20 % down payment and who wants to buy a reasonably priced home , so that his monthly payments will total a little more than what he has to pay in rent .
He wants to move up from renting to home ownership .
But , because about two - thirds of Americans are already home owners , and about half of these are in debt to lenders , and something like 40 % of these indebted people in a year will find that they are underwater , the government intervenes in order to bail them out .
Homeowners vote as a bloc .
Renters tend not to vote as a bloc .
Homeowners understand that they need a subsidy to make their investment pay off .
Thrifty , future - oriented renters do not understand that this subsidy is what keeps them renting .
The government tells voters that this is a pro-ownership intervention .
It is pro-ownership in the sense that it is a bailout of millions of people who were lured into making a hoped - for investment that the free market would have priced out of their price range .
The free market would have required a larger down payment .
It would have established a shorter payoff period .
It would have allowed renters who could afford to buy a home to buy one .
But , instead , the government intervention lowered the terms of entry , and thereby raised the retail price of housing .
We have seen all this before .
This is exactly what is happening with Medicare .
The justification for Medicare today is that a retired person cannot afford medical treatment .
But the main reason why the retired person cannot afford medical treatment is because Medicare for the past 40 years has subsidized physicians and has pushed up the price of medical care .
It has been a gigantic boondoggle for physicians , and it has been done in the name of retired people .
Now the physicians are trapped .
Medicare is going to squeeze them unmercifully .
They were lured into the trap by the promise of government support .
I warned about this in 1977 , and I went on the road to speak to physicians in a dozen different cities .
You can read my essay here .
That speaking trip was organized by Lew Rockwell .
Rockwell knew exactly what was going to happen , and it has happened .
Rockwell knows exactly what is going to happen to the housing market , because it is already happened to the housing market .
ADDICTION
This is addiction .
The government is the junkie .
The government promises to make things easier for the guy who wants to get addicted .
So , tens of millions of Americans got addicted to government handouts .
Only they are not called handouts .
They are called “ the ownership society . ”
The program is a gigantic subsidy to landowners , homebuilders , and Asian central bankers .
It lured the naïve into the debt trap .
The housing market is going to get worse , the taxpayer is going to get billed , and Asian central bankers will eventually be wiped out by Federal Reserve inflation .
That is where all addiction ends .
In the nineteenth century , British and American shippers , such as Warren Delano , Franklin Roosevelt ’s maternal grandfather , addicted millions of Chinese to opium .
Mentally picture an opium den in 1850 .
It is filled with Chinese men puffing on pipes .
Today , the substance is not opium ; it is IOUs .
In 1850 , the local retailer was Chinese , and the supplier was a westerner .
Today , the local retailer is the People ’s Bank of China .
The supplier used to be Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , but Paulson intervened and established the Treasury ’s open monopoly over the supply of the hallucinatory substance .
Someday , China is going to go through withdrawal .
It will be like Frank Sinatra ’s portrayal of withdrawal in The Man with the Golden Arm .
The difference is , this time it will be the nation with the fiat money arm .
Americans are also hooked on IOUs .
Withdrawal symptoms are now evident in the credit markets .
We are going to go through a preliminary version over the next three years : mortgage agreements that go belly - up .
Home owners will mail back the keys to the lenders .
“ Jingle mail , jingle mail , jingle all the way . ”
The bailouts have only just begun .
More deficits loom .
CONCLUSION
Addicts find it painful to go cold turkey , once and for all .
That was Mises ’ point back in 1951 .
He was correct .
Meanwhile , the libertarian junkies who peddle the hard stuff in libertarian communities tell us that one more fix will do it .
One more fix is necessary .
Just one more time .
“ Please !
Please !
Just one more time ! ”
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 20 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2008 LewRockwell.com
When Google released its new ( and first ) browser a few days ago ( Chrome ) , many praised that move or welcomed this new player into the arena , but many others simply were a bit surprised and wondered if a new browser was really needed when this market already features IE , Firefox , Opera , Safari , Konqueror and a plethora of smaller ones .
While IE is still leader , those who are n’t satisfied with it have a good choice of alternatives , especially in Firefox and Opera .
So fasten your seat belt to join me in a ride which will attempt to explain why this browser war could be a threat to Google ’s very foundation and why Chrome is maybe the most important move Google could have done to protect itself .
A ( quick ) dissection of bigG
Given all news we hear , you might think Google does and IS many things , but this is not the bare truth .
Google ’s cash cow is essentially its search engine and , more specifically , its “ AdWords ” advertising division .
That ’s where Google gets most of its money , the same way Microsoft has its cash cows in Windows and Office .
But unlike Microsoft , Google has no ways to channel itself and its products to users in a direct way .
It ’s all about typing that “ www . ” magical sequence in your browser : when you do n’t , you ’re out of Google ’s reach .
That ’s important , even in browser wars .
Someone
might say that I ’m crazy : Google does a LOT of things as we hear in the news everyday .
But that ’s not completely true .
Google is ACTUALLY investing into many things , but as any of us can see , its revenues from all these investments are limited .
True , bigG has a lot of things in place ( GMail , Google Maps , Google Docs – or whatever it ’s named , YouTube , Analytics … you name it ! ) , invests in green energy , builds fiber and wi-fi networks , etc. True .
But let ’s tell ourselves the bare truth : none of those really brings much revenue to Google .
In fact , most of those services ( including , according to what I know , the wi - fi networks they built or they ’re building ) are n’t meant for users to pay to use them .
A few of them ( GMail , YouTube ) can be linked to their advertising division but to be honest it ’s only GMail itself that Google could actually think to sell users .
It might get some cash from Government projects ( for example , building networks or renting them ) but that ’s only a tiny part of their revenues .
If you think I ’m just misinformed , let ’s look at Google 2008 Q1 financial summary they publish at this address :
total revenues for 2008 Q1 were $ 5.19 billions .
Google - owned websites represent 66 % of such revenues ;
Google network ( AdSense ) represents 33 % of total revenues ;
The sum is easy : 99 % of Google revenues come from either advertising on their own websites or from other sites running ads from Google ’s network .
There are no significant revenues from building wi-fi networks or other fancy stuff we read about everyday .
Many people are talking about using YouTube to channel advertising ( and I mean , inside videos , not textual one ) but honestly this is mostly buzz .
Years after its acquisition , Google is still not able to channel advertising inside videos and I doubt it will ever be able .
Sometimes some friend ( of Google , not mine , of course ) journalist writes an article hinting that Google could use YouTube to sell advertising but there ’s no clear sign of it and for a reason :
YouTube is not streaming something you would absolutely want to see but just something that you MIGHT want to see .
That is , it ’s not streaming EXCLUSIVE contents , something you can see on YT only , so it ’s very unlikely that you could swallow advertising in order to see contents .
If there was advertising , those little kids would bring their cellphone movies somewhere else , where they could just show them to their friends without the need to learn why you would need to buy a new Ford .
Other key service for Google is Maps .
As you might know , Maps is free unless you perform an insane number of requests per month .
Free like in beer .
Sure , that ’s a GREAT service ( and I mean GREAT , though Microsoft ’s LiveMaps is very good too ) but do you think Google could sell it ?
If , all of sudden , Google started to ask money to put those maps on your website , in most cases users would simply remove them .
The great bulk of Maps - enabled websites are just pages showing where webmaster is now , though there are a few of very hi-end websites using Maps .
And what about green energy or renewable resources ?
Sun or wind ?
What about fiber or wi-fi networks ?
What about it ’s massive scanning of ancient books to build a digital bibliotheque ?
What about subway paper advertising projects ?
Sometimes you hear something about Google and then… puff … nothing happens for months or years .
I will tell you a secret : reason why Google is not charging for all those services and it ’s investing into basically anything is bigG knows a way to make money out of them without the need for you to pay .
That secret is called “ stock price ” .
Enter the world of “ stock price ”
I ’ll keep this short : do you feel sometimes confused about what you hear about Google ?
Me too .
And everyone is .
Sometimes Google is set to go to space , sometimes it ’s going down into deep oceans , sometimes has satellites , sometimes is building something , sometimes is bulldozing something to build something else , sometimes it ’s scanning all books on Earth , sometimes they just say they ’re making a lot of money .
It ’s a mess .
And that ’s how it ’s meant to be .
For all public companies there ’s a value which is more “ valuable ” than all others : stock price .
As long the price of your stocks is going up , everything is fine .
You might invest billions into making a better ice to sell penguins , that ’s not important as long as that number is going up .
And that number is going up only when people think you ’re about to do something which could be really “ Wow ! ” and they want be part of it to make money out of it as you will probably do .
So people will buy your stocks , stock price will go up and actual value of your company will be bigger .
That means that your company will have more money to do what it wants and you will be , essentially , richer .
By announcing something you will eventually do , people will see that on you ’re on the move and will be eager to buy your stocks not to miss a chance to make some money .
And , as the old saying goes , the less analysts understand about what you ’re doing , the more they will recommend their customers to buy your stocks .
It ’s the Enron way .
Be aware I ’m not stating that Google is going bankrupt .
Refrain from accusing me of that nonsense .
But the scheme is the same for all public companies , everywhere in the World .
In a summary , I ’m stating that the core business of Google is their advertising division .
The bulk of its other activities is to keep stock price up and running and a very few of them are real investments which bigG thinks it could get real money from .
And , while this is not public , of course Google has a financial division whose task is to invest money into financial instruments to get revenues from .
Remember about this as it will be important later .
The only thing Google is not talking about is its search engines and how they can make MORE money out of it .
I wonder …
The “ website - as- application ” paradigm
I was a bit surprised when the comics used to launch Chrome used the “ website - as - application ” paradigm to justify Chrome itself .
I was surprised because that ’s the heart of my article too and I found that funny .
As a summary , Google stated that websites are often not a collection of pages , but most likely they represent an application .
I agree .
Today a smaller part of websites are simply collections of HTML markup .
Most of them , at least most of those developed after 2000 , can be better considered applications as they usually perform complex operations that pure HTML pages would n’t be able to do , most of them are connected to databases and / or other external services .
So I agree about this , I agree 100 % .
The thing here is if HTML / Javascript is the best way to create such applications or if there are other technologies which would be more suitable to be used for that .
And if there are , why is Google heading its own way ?
To understand my point of view , you have to remember what Google really is : a collection of services for business and individuals , all of them served via its magical “ www . ” .
When you do n’t visit Google , bigG is dead like a dodo .
It ’s simply not part of your disconnected life , unlike many of its competitors .
When you ’re on , Google is there and shines .
When you ’re off …
This is the heart of Google ’s bet , whose status we will examine later .
To go back to web applications ( or like many call them , RIAs , Rich Internet Applications ) , even the newbie knows that HTML + Javascript is definitely NOT the best way to implement them .
Rather , it ’s the worst way to do it , but there ’s a very important reason why developers keep getting headaches from HTML instead of moving .
HTML is just markup and everything else which turned it into a foundation for RIAs can be considered an hack to its original goal .
HTML is so popular because it ’s historically been so simple to implement but RIAs today have nothing simple in them , nor is it handy to keep hacking HTML structure in order to support new concepts .
The result is what we have in front of our eyes : loads of painfully slow javascript - based applications which require petabytes of memory to do almost anything .
How many times were we forced to close our tabs because there ’s a damn website eating up all my memory , or all my CPU or both of them ?
How many times you have to wait for tens of seconds to see anything on a webpage just because those scripts are sucking the hell out of your dual core machine ?
It ’s simply inconceivable that machines which can handle millions of polygons when playing your favorite game are then unable to cope with a couple of javascript - based web pages .
That might seem a good go for Google because they used the same arguments to promote Chrome but the bare fact here is HTML +
Javascript is not a good way to code RIAs , nor what we will be using in near future .
That platform is slow , prone to errors , hacks and exploitation ; it ’s not secure enough , it ’s not safe and fault - tolerant enough , it ’s not able to cope with innovation ( if it were , we would be using HTML to watch our favorite YouTube movies and instead we ’re using Flash … ) , it ’s not able to evolve fast enough ( ditto ) , it ’s not able to provide a complex infrastructure modern RIAs need , whatever extension you think and whatever script you load .
Plus , the more complex you want it to be , the more painfully slow it will become .
That platform was n’t simply meant to do that and , as it ’s clear , it wo n’t be able to last long .
And no , Google wo n’t be able to native - compile Javascript and make it blazing fast even if they claim that .
There are technical reasons for that and the only way to do that is to switch to a run-time based environment , the same way Flash , Silverlight and Java do ( and that ’s not actually “ native ” yet as they run VMs ) .
As it ’s obvious , we have better and modern platforms which have been designed and developed with modern RIAs on mind .
We basically have three of them now : Flash ( the most popular ) , Silverlight and Java .
It ’s easy to understand that Google could develop its own technology for that but they did n’t .
And , by releasing Chrome , they promise to make HTML + JavaScript a platform suitable for modern RIAs , to make it blazing fast while still reducing resources it uses , to make it secure , to keep it simple ( even when many webpages today loads hundreds and even thousands of lines of JS - based code ) .
bigG is basically trying to defend JavaScript against anything and anyone and , while to common people their promise seems impossible to keep up , they ’re just asking for an act of faith : trust them against all odds .
And to emphasize that the key problem is JavaScript , Chrome did n’t even care to implement a new rendering engine since they took an open - source one which is used by other browsers ( WebKit ) .
Rendering is not the real problem : most efforts will be dedicated to JS and to improve its performance .
By doing this , Google is just sending out this message : “ Keep coding JS because we will make JS blazing fast and secure and able to cope with everything you need .
Keep investing into JS . ” .
It ’s just that : they want to defend JS .
But why is that ?
Google ’s bet
Since Google was founded , a few years before the first dotcom crash , its bet was about the expansion of the Internet .
For years , Google has been considered the successful model of a Internet - only company , based on extremely innovative services and away from traditional model of “ selling a tangible product ” .
It has been considered the successful model of dotcom and of so - called New Economy .
At that time , the Internet and companies related to it were growing at the speed of light and many predicted that in a few years the network would have been a necessity just like connection to power is .
Everyone was going to be connected to a very very fast Internet backbone , probably by spreading fiber connection almost everywhere , especially in Western countries .
It looked so sure that Google was n’t the only company betting on that ( remember Sun ’s “ The network is the computer ” ? ) .
Pervasive and fast connections : that was the key to Internet - only companies .
The bet was you could be like TV : basically reaching anyone 24hrs per day .
Many predicted the end of traditional computers which could have been replaced by dumb ( or almost dumb ) terminals , whose only task was to connect to the Internet when turned on and download a basic OS which should have provided basic functionalities .
Everything else users could need would come from the Internet .
Many predicted end of traditional OSes and , of course , many predicted end of Windows era ( how many times people and analysts predicted that Microsoft era was going to end ? ) , because the OS needed by those terminals was going to be much lighter and , most of all , it would be possible to download it from the ‘ net once the terminal was on .
Guess what ?
Today , after knowing what happened , it ’s easy to say that bet did n’t materialize ( yet ) .
We still have Microsoft ; we still use Windows .
In essence , it ’s not that Windows proved to be superior to anything else , it ’s just that bet did n’t keep up .
Fiber - based networks , after initial development , faced huge costs and while Google tried to cooperate and also sponsored some projects to build such networks ( I believe they also built themselves a fiber network in the US ) , it soon became clear that building those networks was going to cost huge money even in metropolitan areas and even in biggest cities , let alone building them in less populated areas .
Not to mention how incredibly SLOW was to pose such cables .
Today fiber projects are still alive but they represent a tiny part of the whole and fibers are usually considered good for small tracks in huge metropolitan areas or to secure connections among Governments and institutional places .
xDSL connection are good but those also face a problem in less populated areas .
Moreover , those connection face a lower bandwitdh peak and they tend to saturate very quickly .
They ’re still considered one of the best way to get connected but they ’re not considered a way to keep up the “ pervasive Internet ” bet .
Wi-Fi and other wireless are spreading fast but while they reach good speeds ( in Europe , they ’re starting to sell 7.2 mbit /s connections via HDSPA protocol ) , radio signals are n’t dependable as connection tends to drop where there are many interferences .
Besides , there ’s still a big question mark about such technology as studies are starting to hint they could be dangerous for people ’s health and even bring cancer in some cases .
While this is not proved yet , many are focusing on such researches which could affect mobile phones as well .
Anyway , it ’s proved that mobile phones can cause headaches and other problems to some people .
The reason why I talked about Internet situation is that this directly affects companies like Google , whose bet is still unfulfilled as of today .
In 2008 , if you do n’t type those magical “ www . ” , Google is out of reach .
And that ’s why two important events happened during 2008 , both of which signal that bigG is aware of threat and that it conceded that its bet not only did n’t materialize , but that wo n’t materialize anytime soon and that could be a threat to Google itself .
First one was the Gears release : do n’t underestimate its meaning .
Gears might look like a side technology but it actually is a key technology for Google .
For first time in its history , Google concedes and admits that there needs to be ( and there will be need to be ) “ disconnected ” applications which cannot work on the Internet only and whose data cannot reside on anyone ’s server .
For the first time in its history , Google concedes that traditional OSes are going nowhere soon : they will just stay and they will be part of future applications for at least an amount of time which is so long that Google must develop a strategy to cope with that ( so it wo n’t be 1 , 2 or 4 years … but longer ) .
Do n’t get me wrong : Gears is great stuff .
From a developer perspective , that ’s an amazing technology and would be a MUST if … if developers did n’t have BETTER technologies to achieve the same goals .
At its heart , Gears is a technology to build DESKTOP applications which could work disconnected from the Internet and access the network when present .
It ’s a good technology because it tends to blend differences between desktop and web applications , in a way in which developers can work in both ways .
But Gears could also be used to built desktop applications which do n’t need to connect to the Internet .
The bare truth is that ’s a technology to build HTML + JavaScript based desktop applications when you have technologies like Flash , Silverlight and Java which could do much more , in a easier way and with better results .
Could n’t Google develop a technology like Flash or Silverlight itself too ?
Of course it could but they did n’t .
They ’re still trying to make developers swallow an inferior technology like JS , mixed to a presentation technology based on a lot of hacks like HTML is , instead of moving to something else .
So you will be facing the daunting task of building complex and huge JS - based applications , hard to code and hard to maintain , instead of moving to something better , easier and more powerful .
I think any developer would say his / her prayers when assigned to be part of an effort to build a Office - like applications using JS and HTML while Flash is moving to integrate PDF into its runtime and Silverlight will integrate ( and already had ) XPS into itself and even Google was n’t able to get even closer to a full Office suite with its pile of cash and legions of developers .
Why the hell is that ?
The second notable event was the announcement of Android technology .
This is Google ’s answer to the problem I told you about earlier : if you do n’t type “ www . ” , Google is dead in your life .
While many hinted for a long time that Google was going to release its own OS for desktop PCs , bigG ended up releasing its OS for mobile phones .
And this is perfectly understandable !
They probably learned a lesson while watching Jobs struggle for 8 years with his OS X doll and still requiring iPods to save his ass .
8 years and he still owns … what ?
2 % market - share ?
And I ’m sure Google carefully watched IBM and loads of companies ( including Google itself ) pouring tons of money into Linux just to have a 0.something percent share .
Schmidt correctly understood that ’s a battle you cannot win until you will be able to download your OS at boot - time from the Internet .
But yet , they could n’t afford to let users stay out - of - reach until they typed “ www . ” and they needed a solution for that .
The mobile phone market is still a virgin one , where Windows does n’t rule and where other people are in trouble ( Symbian anyone ? ) .
It ’s a market where billions of terminals get sold every year and where people tend to replace their phones every 1 or 2 years at max .
And best of all , a mobile phone is even more “ personal ” than a personal computer !
Being on those phones means being able to channel their services to users even when they are n’t connected to the Internet .
It means having the ability to get revenues from services you sell BUT ALSO from software you could make .
And best of all , I always have my phone near me .
For example , I ’ve been 15 days in Kenya this August and I did n’t touch my notebook during my holidays but , guess what ? , I always had my phone with me .
But Android and Gears prove that in 2008 , you have to use an OS and / or disconnected applications to channel your company to users and being on the Internet only will not be enough .
Please , note that , as was expected , while the whole Google strategy for the Web is based on HTML +JS , Android features full - fledged applications , which will be compiled to native ( or almost “ native ” , given its VM ) code .
This confirms my view : Google was looking for a mean to channel itself in a disconnected way and found mobile phones , the perfect environment .
Android indirectly acknowledges that HTML +JS is not a good platform for today ’s applications and , if you want to get serious , you have to switch to something better .
So why is Google instead promoting JS in Web and Desktop applications ?
To understand this , we also have to understand why developers keep investing into JS and only marginally into better technologies like Silverlight , Flash , Java , and I mean in RIA context and not in general ( where , for example , . NET and Java are still ruling ) .
Google ’s hidden dirty little secret …
… which is not hidden , nor little and neither a secret but it ’s very dirty !
Let me ask myself : if Silverlight , Flash and Java RIAs are so much better than traditional one , why is n’t everyone switching to such technologies and they still invest into HTML +JS ?
Answer is simple : because modern RIAs cannot be indexed !
As you might have noticed , most websites rely on search engines to drive users to their pages and search engines cannot index Flash , Silverlight or Java content ( yes , they can index a SWF file but that ’s not enough for a RIA ) .
So those websites which do n’t rely on search engines ( because they ’re way too popular to need that ) , will switch to an advanced web application ( you do n’t need a search engine to visit Ford , or Coca - Cola , or Ferrari and so on … ) like Flash .
Those needing users from search engines will stay HTML and try to provide a better experience by using AJAX because they need their pages to be indexed to get more users .
So where ’s the dirty secret ?
Here it is : Google must assure that developers will keep creating RIAs using HTML + JS because that will protect its search engine and , obviously , its advertising division , which is what drives 99 % of Google revenues .
We have no doubts that Google is number 1 in search engines and nobody has doubts that it will stay on the top , unless they commit suicide or … unless rules change .
Ask Microsoft or Yahoo : it ’s not that they cannot create a good search engine : both of them have resources and technologies to do that and I can say both of those search engines are n’t that far from Google perfection .
Yet Google is making loads of money and they are n’t .
Google will stay # 1 for the very same reason for which Windows will stay # 1 : because they ’ve been the first “ good one ” .
And once you are the first good one , you just need to play conservatively and do n’t bet too much in a single move : you will stay on top .
That ’s what happened to Windows and that ’s what will happen to Google SE .
However , should the focus move from HTML to RIAs , the game will reset and positions will blend as Google might be the top player for HTML indexing but things could be different when you start indexing RIAs because then people who control platforms have a very very big advantage .
And Google does n’t have ANY platform to control .
So when a search engine will start indexing RIAs , Google will need to move and do the same but this time other companies wo n’t allow the company years of free ride : they will all start the very same second .
Maybe Google will emerge again but maybe not …
A Google browser to rule them all
So that ’s why Google released Chrome : it must prove that HTML +JS is still a good platform to invest and delay any other framework adoption .
If they can succeed in pushing HTML +JS further , their near future will be bright because of dominance of position .
But if the market happens to move to different platforms , Google will have to struggle to stay on top and , without any platform to control , it wo n’t be easy .
It ’s evident that Chrome ’s release that the browser is all about defending Google current market .
For example , many complained about lack of extensibility and minimalist UI but that ’s not a surprise !
Google does n’t care at all about you investing your time in “ extending ” Chrome … it ’s not Chrome the problem but rather the application in it .
They do n’t want you to provide disconnected code , they want you to code Web applications .
You want to provide something “ fancy ” ?
Do that in JS .
You want to provide some kind of utility ?
Do that in JS .
At max , use Gears to provide disconnected functionalities but stay HTML .
I wo n’t mention , as many emphasized , how difficult it will be to have an ad - blocking extension for Chrome and you can easily understand why .
Take Mozilla and Firefox : Google poured lots of money there and has a strong relationship with FF so one might think Google could have “ influenced ” Mozilla to bring it where Chrome is .
But if they moved to release their own browser was because their priorities were different than Mozilla’s .
And their priority was basically to provide a better JS environment to keep developers investing into JS and HTML .
Look at me , look at me !
I ’m sure there will be a very few people reaching this point .
This article was sooo long and for sure sooo boring .
But for those of you who were so brave to read up until here , I want to play the magician and ( boldly ) anticipate the future with my crystal ball .
Remember when Steve Ballmer said in a interview ( and later , in a memo to MS employees ) that Microsoft might be slow but they have resources and time to be number 1 ?
Well , you might not like him but he ’s no fool ( is n’t he , Steve Jobs ?
How come Exchange support appeared on your iPhones ? ) .
So when he ( humbly ) said that Microsoft lost first search engine war but would emerge in the long run and that they ’re going to change the very whole way you look at search engines , I do n’t think he was boiling his supper .
In my opinion , in 2009 Microsoft will announce a revamped version of Live search engine , which will be able to index RIAs .
They will probably provide an open API that RIAs can use to feed content to index ( and will leave that open not only to Silverlight but to Flash and Java too ) and then use some kind of token value to pass each other , in a way SE can later tell RIA which content user wants to see .
And they for sure embed such new SE platform inside .NET and Silverlight , in a way some indexing can happen in auto - magical way , the very same way ASP .
NET controls can be turned into AJAX - enabled ASP.
NET controls .
Dreams ?
We will see …
If they succeed to do that , they would open a break in Google dominance and , most of all , will weaken JS position in RIAs development , which could open new possibilities for more advanced platforms and , in case of Microsoft , for their Windows Server systems , which are extremely interconnected with .NET and Silverlight .
If that will actually happen in 2009 ( it ’s not a matter of “ if ” , it ’s just when but search engines have to move from where they are now to incorporate new stuff ) , I ’m sure Google will sit down and watch what happens but not for long as they cannot afford to loose a inch .
I ’m sure they ’re full of statistics and if those stats will show that RIA websites will increase beyond current limit , they for sure do a couple of things : first , they will release Android VM for Windows ( and possibly other OSes ) in order to have a platform they can control ; second , they will enable ( because I ’m sure they already considered this option ) their search engine to index RIAs .
As for me , I just hope it will happen in 2009 so I will be able to put a nail into coffin of HTML and move on .
Hell , I ’ve been waiting for this since 1998 …
( Notice : the bulk of this article was written before Google released Chrome .
That event only confirmed my view and this article has been adapted to include that )
The police ANPR database , which the Guardian today reveals will retain information from 50 million road journeys a day for five years , is a system that was never sanctioned or debated in parliament and which threatens the freedom of movement , assembly and protest .
Presented simply as a tool to fight crime and terror by the police , it will become one of the cornerstones of the surveillance state , and will give the police far too much power to track , in real time , the movement of people who may be bound for legitimate demonstrations and protest rallies .
Linked with the government 's proposals to seize all our communications data to be announced in the Queen 's speech this autumn , this move signifies a profound change in our society and an irreversible transfer of power from free individuals to the state .
It is not difficult to imagine how the system will be used in times of industrial and political strife .
We have already seen how police prevented legitimate demonstration during the first years of the Iraq war and have illegally obstructed protests against the arms trade , and are currently harassing accredited press photographers going about their legitimate business .
These are hints of what will come when the police can track the movement of all vehicles , particularly if harsher economic times are accompanied by unrest .
The revelations in the Guardian today come from freedom of information requests made to the Home Office .
In this context it is important to know that the dealings and discussions in Association of Chief Police Officers ( Acpo ) , which has been largely responsible for pushing the ANPR system , remain hidden from public scrutiny .
Because Acpo has limited company status and is not a public body , it does not have to comply with freedom of information laws .
Police officers keep on insisting that these powers will not be abused , but revelations made by another FOI request last week show that the police use surveillance techniques to bully and harass citizens .
In Wales , a team of 11 officers took part in a surveillance operation against a 49 - year - old police dog handler who claimed he was suffering from depression , a fact established by the Police Medical Appeal Board .
Officers from two forces watched his home for months and filmed him at a cost of £ 100,000 .
If the police have such little regard for the rights and privacy of one of their own , it 's difficult to imagine that they will treat the public with any more respect .
The surveillance of all journeys is a very serious move indeed and it tells us a lot about how far Labour has advanced a state of total and unwavering surveillance ; and also how little parliament has done to protect our rights .
It seems incredible that the great issues of control and privacy that are obviously involved in the ANPR system were never discussed in parliament .
That a secretive and unaccountable organisation like ACPO can press ahead behind parliament 's back is a measure of our failed politics , at the very least of the failure of mechanisms of restraint and scrutiny .
In these days of enormous daily distractions – of freakish weather , banks failing and general economic turbulence – it is difficult to concentrate on the programme to convert Britain into a totally controlled and watched state .
But we can all be sure that it is happening under our noses .
The penny has dropped with the Trades Union Congress , which will surely have much to say about the possibility of police watching and intercepting those on their way to take part in legitimate industrial action and protest .
Last week the TUC voted to resist the ID card scheme and consider legal action to uphold civil liberties .
The move came after aviation workers – among the first group to be compelled to register for ID cards – placed a motion before congress .
The motion states :
Congress sees absolutely no value in the scheme or in improvements to security that might flow from this exercise and feels that aviation workers are being used as pawns in a politically led process which might lead to individuals being denied the right to work because they are not registered or chose not to register in the scheme .
This represents a considerable victory for reason and democracy , and the important part is that the vote was not carried simply because the ID card might deny people the right to work .
Broader civil liberties considerations were at the heart of this debate .
With parliament dead from the neck up when it comes to issues of liberty , it is difficult to know how the ANPR surveillance and the equally important proposal to seize data concerning all phone calls , text messages and internet connections , can be resisted .
But resist we must if we are to save our free society .
William Shakespeare ( 1564-1616 ) , ` The Bard of Avon ' , English poet and playwright wrote the famous 154 Sonnets and numerous highly successful oft quoted dramatic works including the tragedy of the Prince of Denmark , Hamlet ;
" Neither a borrower nor a lender be ;
For loan oft loses both itself and friend ,
And borrowing dulls the edge of husbandry .
This above all : to thine ownself be true ,
And it must follow , as the night the day ,
Thou canst not then be false to any man .
Farewell : my blessing season this in thee ! "
-- Lord Polonius , Hamlet Act I , Scene 3
While Shakespeare caused much controversy , he also earned lavish praise and has profoundly impacted the world over in areas of literature , culture , art , theatre , and film and is considered one of the best English language writers ever .
From the Preface of the First Folio ( 1623 ) " To the memory of my beloved , The Author , Mr. William Shakespeare : and what he hath left us " -- Ben Jonson ;
" Thou art a Moniment , without a tombe
And art alive still , while thy Booke doth live ,
And we have wits to read , and praise to give . "
Over the centuries there has been much speculation surrounding various aspects of Shakespeare 's life including his religious affiliation , sexual orientation , sources for collaborations , authorship of and chronology of the plays and sonnets .
Many of the dates of play performances , when they were written , adapted or revised and printed are imprecise .
This biography attempts only to give an overview of his life , while leaving the more learned perspectives to the countless scholars and historians who have devoted their lives to the study and demystification of the man and his works .
England 's celebration of their patron Saint George is on 23 April , which is also the day claimed to be the birth date of Shakespeare .
Although birth and death dates were not recorded in Shakespeare 's time , churches did record baptisms and burials , usually a few days after the actual event .
The infant William was baptised on 26 April 1564 in the parish church Holy Trinity of Stratford upon Avon .
He lived with his fairly well - to - do parents on Henley Street , the first of the four sons born to John Shakespeare ( c1530 -1601 ) and Mary Arden ( c1540-1608 ) , who also had four daughters .
John Shakespeare was a local businessman and also involved in municipal affairs as Alderman and Bailiff , but a decline in his fortunes in his later years surely had an effect on William .
In his younger years Shakespeare attended the Christian Holy Trinity church , the now famous elegant limestone cross shaped cathedral on the banks of the Avon river , studying the Book of Common Prayer and the English Bible .
In 1605 he became lay rector when he paid 440 Pounds towards its upkeep , hence why he is buried in the chancel .
Early on Shakespeare likely attended the Elizabethan theatrical productions of travelling theatre troups , come to Stratford to entertain the local official townsmen , including the Queen 's Men , Worcester 's Men , Leicester 's Men , and Lord Strange 's Men .
There is also the time when Queen Elizabeth herself visited nearby Kenilworth Castle and Shakespeare , said to have been duly impressed by the procession , recreated it in some of his later plays .
Although enrolment registers did not survive , around the age of eleven Shakespeare probably entered the grammar school of Stratford , King 's New School , where he would have studied theatre and acting , as well as Latin literature and history .
When he finished school he might have apprenticed for a time with his father , but there is also mention of his being a school teacher .
The next record of his life is in 1582 , when still a minor at the age of eighteen and requiring his father 's consent , Shakespeare and Anne Hathaway ( 1556 ï ¿ ½1623 ) married in the village of Temple Grafton .
Baptisms of three children were recorded ; Susanna ( 1583 -1649 ) , who went on to marry noted physician John Hall , and twins Judith ( 1585 - 1662 ) who married Richard Quiney , and Hamnet ( 1585 - 1596 ) his only son and heir who died at the age of eleven .
It is not exactly clear what Shakespeare was doing in the first few years after the marriage , but he did go to London and worked at The Globe theatre , possibly as one of the Queen 's Men whose works were harshly anti Catholic in a time of rising Protestantism .
He was writing poems and plays , and his involvement with theatre troupes and acting is disparagingly condemned in a 1592 pamphlet that was distributed in London , attributed to Robert Green the playwright titled " Groats Worth of Witte " haughtily attacking Shakespeare as an " upstart crow " ;
" Yes trust them not : for there is an upstart Crow , beautified with our feathers , that with his Tyger 's hart wrapped in a Player 's hyde , supposes he is as well able to bombast out a blanke verse as the best of you : and beeing an absolute Iohannes fac totum [ Jack - of - all - trades , Master of none ] , is in his owne conceit the onely Shake - scene in a countrey .
O that I might entreate your rare wits to be employed in more profitable courses : & let these Apes imitate your past excellence , and never more acquaint them with your admired inventions . "
By 1593 the plague was haunting London and many who were able fled the teeming city for the cleansing airs of open country .
While it was a time for many upstart theatres , the popular public entertainment of the day , they were often shut down and forbidden to open for stretches of time .
Shakespeare probably spent these dark days travelling between London , Stratford , and the provinces , which gave him time to pen many more plays and sonnets .
Among the first of his known printed works is the comedic and erotically charged Ovidian narrative poem Venus and Adonis ( 1593 ) .
It was wildly popular , dedicated with great esteem to his patron Henry Wriothesly , third earl of Southampton , the young man that some say Shakespeare may have had more than platonic affection for .
It was followed by the much darker The Rape of Lucrece in 1594 , The Passionate Pilgrim in 1599 and the allegorical The Phoenix and the Turtle ( 1601 ) .
At this time of prolific writing , Shakespeare began his association until his death with The Lord Chamberlain 's Men .
With the accession of James I they became the King 's Men , who bought and performed most of Shakespeare 's plays .
The troupe included his friend and actor Richard Burbage .
They performed frequently at court , and in the theatres that Shakespeare was co-owner of including the Blackfriars , The Theatre , and The Globe in London until it burnt down during a performance of King Henry VIII .
It is said that Shakespeare himself acted in a number of roles including the ghost in Hamlet and Old Adam in As You Like It .
In the late 1590s he bought ` New Place ' on Chapel Street in Stratford , one of his many real estate investments .
Shakespeare wrote most of his plays as `quarto texts ' , that being on a sheet of paper folded four ways .
A few of his plays were printed in his lifetime , though they appeared more voluminously after his death , sometimes plagiarised and often changed at the whim of the printer .
First Folio would be the first collection of his dramatic works , a massive undertaking to compile thirty - six plays from the quarto texts , playbooks , transcriptions , and the memories of actors .
The approximately nine hundred page manuscript took about two years to complete and was printed in 1623 as Mr. William Shakespeares Comedies , Histories , & Tragedies .
It also featured on the frontispiece the famous engraved portrait of Shakespeare said to be by Martin Droeshout ( 1601 - c1651 ) .
Under the favour of the court The Kings '
Men became the eminent company of the day .
Most likely Anne and the children lived in Stratford while Shakespeare spent his time travelling between Stratford and London , dealing with business affairs and writing and acting .
In 1616 his daughter Judith married Quiney who subsequently admitted to fornication with Margaret Wheeler , and Shakespeare took steps to bequeath a sum to Judith in her own name .
William Shakespeare died on 23 April 1616 , according to his monument , and lies buried in the chancel of the Holy Trinity Church in Stratford upon Avon .
While there is little known of her life , Anne Hathaway outlived her husband by seven years , dying in 1623 and is buried beside him .
It is not clear as to how or why Shakespeare died , but in 1664 the reverend John Ward , vicar of Stratford recorded that " Shakespeare , Drayton and Ben Johnson had a merie meeting , and itt seems drank too hard , for Shakespeare died of a feavour there contracted . "
His tombstone is inscribed with the following epitaph ;
Good friend for Jesus sake forbeare
To digg the dust encloased heare
Blessed by y man y spares hes stones
And curst be he y moves my bones
Poetry
It is generally agreed that most of the Shakespearean Sonnets were written in the 1590s , some printed at this time as well .
Others were written or revised right before being printed .
154 sonnets and " A Lover 's Complaint " were published by Thomas Thorpe as Shake - speares Sonnets in 1609 .
The order , dates , and authorship of the Sonnets have been much debated with no conclusive findings .
Many have claimed autobiographical details from them , including sonnet number 145 in reference to Anne .
The dedication to " Mr. W.H. " is said to possibly represent the initials of the third earl of Pembroke William Herbert , or perhaps being a reversal of Henry Wriothesly 's initials .
Regardless , there have been some unfortunate projections and interpretations of modern concepts onto centuries old works that , while a grasp of contextual historical information can certainly lend to their depth and meaning , can also be enjoyed as valuable poetical works that have transcended time and been surpassed by no other .
Evoking Petrarch 's style and lyrically writing of beauty , mortality , and love with its moral anguish and worshipful adoration of a usually unattainable love , the first 126 sonnets are addressed to a young man , sonnets 127 - 152 to a dark lady .
Ever the dramatist Shakespeare created a profound intrigue to scholars and novices alike as to the identities of these people .
Tragedies
Some probably inspired by Shakespeare 's study of Lives ( trans.1597 ) by Greek historian and essayist Plutarch and Raphael Holinshed 's Chronicles ( 1587 ) .
Some are reworkings of previous stories , many based on English or Roman history .
The dates given here are when they are said to have been first performed , followed by approximate printing dates in brackets , listed in chronological order of performance .
Titus Andronicus first performed in 1594 ( printed in 1594 ) ,
Romeo and Juliet 1594 - 95 ( 1597 ) ,
Hamlet 1600 -01 ( 1603 ) ,
Julius Caesar 1600 -01 ( 1623 ) ,
Othello 1604-05 ( 1622 ) ,
Antony and Cleopatra 1606 - 07 ( 1623 ) ,
King Lear 1606 ( 1608 ) ,
Coriolanus 1607 -08 ( 1623 ) , derived from Plutarch
Timon of Athens 1607 - 08 ( 1623 ) , and
Macbeth 1611 - 1612 ( 1623 ) .
Histories
Shakespeare 's series of historical dramas , based on the English Kings from John to Henry VIII were a tremendous undertaking to dramatise the lives and rule of kings and the changing political events of his time .
No other playwright had attempted such an ambitious body of work .
Some were printed on their own or in the First Folio ( 1623 ) .
King Henry VI Part 1 1592 ( printed in 1594 ) ;
King Henry VI Part 2 1592-93 ( 1594 ) ;
King Henry VI Part 3 1592-93 ( 1623 ) ;
King John 1596 - 97 ( 1623 ) ;
King Henry IV Part 1 1597 -98 ( 1598 ) ;
King Henry IV Part 2 1597 -98 ( 1600 ) ;
King Henry V 1598 -99 ( 1600 ) ;
Richard II 1600 - 01 ( 1597 ) ;
Richard III 1601 ( 1597 ) ; and
King Henry VIII 1612 - 13 ( 1623 )
Comedies , again listed in chronological order of performance .
Taming of the Shrew first performed 1593 - 94 ( 1623 ) ,
Comedy of Errors 1594 ( 1623 ) ,
Two Gentlemen of Verona 1594 - 95 ( 1623 ) ,
Love 's Labour 's Lost 1594 - 95 ( 1598 ) ,
Midsummer Night 's Dream 1595 - 96 ( 1600 ) ,
Merchant of Venice 1596 - 1597 ( 1600 ) ,
Much Ado About Nothing 1598 - 1599 ( 1600 ) ,
As You Like It 1599 - 00 ( 1623 ) ,
Merry Wives of Windsor 1600 - 01 ( 1602 ) ,
Troilus and Cressida 1602 ( 1609 ) ,
Twelfth Night 1602 ( 1623 ) ,
All 's Well That Ends Well 1602-03 ( 1623 ) ,
Measure for Measure 1604 ( 1623 ) ,
Pericles , Prince of Tyre 1608 -09 ( 1609 ) ,
Tempest ( 1611 ) ,
Cymbeline 1611 - 12 ( 1623 ) ,
Winter 's Tale 1611 - 12 ( 1623 ) .
Biography written by C.D. Merriman for Jalic Inc. Copyright Jalic Inc. 2006 .
All Rights Reserved .
The above biography is copyrighted .
Do not republish it without permission .
Recent Forum Posts on William Shakespeare
Forum Discussions on William Shakespeare
HP unsurprisingly is n't ready to touch this one in any sort of official way just yet , but BusinessWeek is reporting that at least some folks at the company are " exploring the possibility of building a mass - market operating system , " which would be positioned as an alternative to Vista .
That OS , as you might have guessed , would be based on Linux , although BusinessWeek 's sources say it " would be simpler and easier for mainstream users . "
By all indications , however , this so - called " skunk works team " within HP does n't seem to have moved much beyond the brainstorming stage , and HP is sticking strictly to its official line that it is more interested in " innovating on top of Vista , " with HP chief technology officer Phil McKinney even going so far as to say that the idea that it 's funding a huge R&D team to go off and create an operating system " makes no sense . "
[ Via Electronista ]
Reddit Email 0 Shares
How much of the $ 10 billion in aid Bush and Cheney gave to Pakistani dictator Pervez Musharraf after September 11 ended up being used to kill US , NATO and Afghan troops in Afghanistan ?
NYT reports that US intelligence intercepted communications between elements of the Inter - Services Intelligence , Pakistan ’s military intelligence division , indicating that they gave support to the Haqqani group of Pushtun guerrillas in bombing the Indian embassy in Kabul .
Haqqani
There have long been suspicions that the Pakistani military was using Pushtun guerrillas to project power into Afghanistan , even as they fought them inside Pakistan itself .
The NYT was told by US government officials that this intercept was the first smoking gun proving that active - duty ISI officers were complicit with violence in Afghanistan ( and therefore with attacks on US and NATO troops . )
The Pakistani military has tight command and control .
ISI ’s collaboration with the neo-Taliban and other guerrilla groups could not occur without the knowledge and acquiescence of Pakistani president Pervez Musharraf , who was chief of staff until last fall .
That is , Cheney , Bush and McCain have backed to the hilt a military dictator who has continued the old 1980s and 1990s policy of supporting Pushtun guerrillas as a way of a ) dominating Afghanistan and b ) training other guerrillas to hit Kashmir .
Here is what McCain said about Musharraf last winter :
‘ “ I continue to believe Musharraf has done a pretty good job , done a lot of the things that we wanted him to do . . .
I would remind some of my fellow Americans that Benazir Bhutto and [ former prime minister Nawaz ]
Sharif presided over failed states , there was corruption , there was a failed state in Pakistan when Musharraf took charge …
I would like to give Musharraf some credit for taking the measures that we asked him to do . ” ‘
Musharraf ’s ‘ successful state ’ involved dismissing the Supreme Court , provoking massive and repeated demonstrations , violating the constitution , interfering with free and fair elections , and presiding over a virtual national meltdown on the assassination of Benazir Bhutto late last December .
McCain appears to value nothing beyond sheer military might– even if it has shady contacts to al - Qaeda !
When the newly elected civilian government of Pakistan tried to put the ISI under the civilian Ministry of the Interior last weekend , it was quickly reversed by the generals .
The US government ( and the candidates ) should be supporting the elected civilian government in its efforts to get control of the ISI .
This news is not about Pakistan , since most Pakistanis dislike al - Qaeda and the Taliban .
It is not about the elected Pakistani government .
It is not even about the Pakistani military , which has fought hard battles against the Pakistani Taliban and suffered hundreds of casualties in so doing .
It is about corruption in the Pakistani officer corps and the penetration of pro- al - Qaeda elements in the ISI .
Pakistani PM
Yousef Raza Gilani is in denial about the ISI / Taliban links , or perhaps he does n’t want to provoke an immediate crisis with the Pakistani military , which has been known to make coups .
His Pakistan People ’s Party has been reluctant to see Musharraf impeached , since de facto party leader Asaf Ali Zardari ( Benazir ’s widower ) has behaved corruptly in the past and could be at risk for some of the same charges levelled at Musharraf .
You think you ’re angry ?
Talk to someone from Delhi about all this right about now .
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana ( CNN ) -- A Louisiana appeals court has removed a Lasalle Parish judge from the remaining " Jena Six " cases , court officials told CNN Friday .
Protesters gather at Jena High School during a civil rights march on September 20 , 2007 , in Jena , Louisiana .
Attorneys for four of the defendants had asked 9th Judicial District Judge Thomas Yeager to recuse Judge J.P. Mauffrey Jr .
They said Mauffrey " had made numerous statements on numerous occasions " indicating he had already decided on a defendant 's guilt and punishment .
" Indeed , Judge Mauffrey has expressed his belief generally that Jesse Ray [ Beard ] and his African - American friends are guilty , not only of the misconduct alleged in this matter , but of several other acts of misconduct as well , " according to court documents filed in the case .
A court official said Friday Yeager had found that the appearance of impropriety existed and recused Mauffrey .
Beard is one of six black Jena High School students accused of beating a white student during a school fight on December 4 , 2006 .
The case drew national headlines when the teens initially were charged with second - degree attempted murder after they allegedly knocked out Justin Barker while stomping and kicking him .
After the charges triggered protests , they were reduced to aggravated second - degree battery .
One of the teens , Mychal Bell , reached a plea agreement on a battery charge in juvenile court .
Dale Hickman , an attorney who represents another youth , Bryant Purvis , told CNN Mauffrey 's removal was good news for his case .
The judge tended to view the group as " six thugs " and not individuals , he said .
Hickman added he would be concerned about the outcome of a trial held before Mauffrey if his client waived his right to a jury .
CNN 's Sean Callebs contributed to this report .
All About Jena High School
Criminalizing everyday life Share
This :
government .
It is not merely the taxes , fees and fines that render many small ventures unprofitable ; it is the progressive criminalization of everyday life .
In an
A few days ago , I came across
And then there are government policies that do not criminalize an occupation but destroy its ability to function , which achieves the same end .
For example , according to
An essential building block of prosperity is the ability to sell your labor to those who wish to buy it .
It is onerous enough when the government stands between every buyer and seller in order to skim off profit that would otherwise go into retirement savings or into the mouths of children .
But the thievery pales in comparison to the legal / political judgment that now has to be passed before an exchange can occur .
People desperately need every honest option available to make a living ; government is trying to make sure you do n't have any options that do n't involve its approval and its cut .
Back to category overview Back to news overview Older News Newer News
Printer Friendly Wendy McElroy - Monday 15 September 2008 - 14:30:43 - Permalink
As the economy continues its wild and downward ride , people are searching for ways to make money , with many of them turning their hands to " cottage industries " -- that is , home - based small businesses such as web design , catering or the provision of day care .
Instead of demanding a hand - out from government , these entrepreneurs are taking control of their own lives by putting in the sweat equity that new businesses require ; they are creating precisely the type of wealth that makes society prosper and , along the way , they are feeding their children .
The single biggest obstacle they will encounter is .
It is not merely the taxes , fees and fines that render many small ventures unprofitable ; it is the progressive criminalization of everyday life .
In an August 22nd post entitled " Illegal to talk about Liberty Bell for money ? " , I described the increasing cartelization of common professions such as interior design or hair styling .
The opening sentence was a quote from an article by Bob Ewing of the Institute for Justice : " A new law in Philadelphia will make it a crime in the coming weeks to talk about the Liberty Bell for money without the governmentâ€™s permission .
Unlicensed tour guides will be subject to hundreds of dollars in fines for talking about the place where the Declaration of Independence was written . "
By criminalizing a myriad of innocuous activities , the government rakes in fines as well as exerting social control -- often for the benefit of a vested interest such as those with whom the enterpreneur would be competing , sometimes in furtherance of an ideological agenda such as radical environmentalism .
A few days ago , I came across an article in the UK paper The Daily Mail entitled " Labour 's 3,600 new ways of making you a criminal . "
The article highlighted " new criminal offences created by the Labour Government since it won power in 1997 - almost one for every day it has been in office . "
The crimes include selling a grey squirrel , importing Polish potatoes , selling types of flora and fauna not native to the UK , disturbing a pack of eggs when instructed not to by an authorised officer , offering for sale a game bird killed on a Sunday or Christmas Day .
Liberal Democrat Chris
Huhne describes the plethora of new laws as ' legislative diarrhoea ' , saying ' In what conceivable way can the introduction of a new criminal offence every day help tackle crime when most crimes that people care about have been illegal for years .
' This legislative diarrhoea is not about making us safer , because it does not help enforce the laws that we have one jot .
It is about the Government 's posturing on punishments .
' And then there are government policies that do not criminalize an occupation but destroy its ability to function , which achieves the same end .
For example , according to an article in the Washington Post , The State Department is denying passports to people born in southern Texas near the border with Mexico if they were delivered by midwives , citing a history of birth certificate forgeries there for Mexican - born children dating to the 1960s , according to U.S. officials .
If the policy of punishing those who use a midwife withstands a current challenge from the ACLU , then midwifery in much of Texas is de facto dead .
An essential building block of prosperity is the ability to sell your labor to those who wish to buy it .
It is onerous enough when the government stands between every buyer and seller in order to skim off profit that would otherwise go into retirement savings or into the mouths of children .
But the thievery pales in comparison to the legal / political judgment that now has to be passed before an exchange can occur .
People desperately need every honest option available to make a living ; government is trying to make sure you do n't have any options that do n't involve its approval and its cut .
Opinion
Use Ike to rebuild a sustainable Houston Hurricane gives us a tough opportunity : to invent a city that can withstand Mother Nature
What about life after Ike ?
Is it back to " business as usual , " waiting for the next hurricane , hoping that it will strike somewhere else ?
Or do we regroup , and start organizing and planning , for a different kind of Houston , a city much more resilient to the forces of nature ?
Urban experts agree that " sustainability " will define the great cities of the 21st century .
Mother Nature has sent us a stern warning .
In no uncertain terms , Ike , not really " the big one , " is serving to redefine " sustainability " -- in local Houston terms the ability to stay in business after a major storm .
Houstonians have been tested , not just by the fury of Ike and its physical devastation , but as a civic community .
We have united in a vast civic recovery effort , to reclaim our families , homes , streets , neighborhoods and lifelihoods .
I have witnessed this -- neighbors teaming up to clean their streets , volunteers calling in and flocking to our crowded PODs .
Our incredible human spirit has prevailed .
My experience in many aspects of this recovery tells me that we must start planning for " life after Ike . "
We may rush to patch roofs and shore up those utility poles to get back to normal , but a " Band - Aid " approach is not sufficient .
Whis is not just a cleanup operation -- instead , we are challenged to retrofit , repair and rebuild parts of our city .
Wherever possible , this should be a local effort , not farmed out to big outside contractors .
Rebuilding can be an economic shor in the arm to our local entrepreneurs , especially small and minority businesses .
With perhaps billions in disaster assistance coming our way , a transformative vision of Houston as a sustainable coastal city can begin to take shape .
The first step is to fix our outmoded , poorly built , highly vulnerable grid of overhead utilities .
This tangle of poles and wires , " litter on a stick , " is as well a debilitating visual blight on our city .
The cost of a massive power outage , a shutdown of the nation 's fourth largest city , is enormous — in human terms and in lost work time and productivity .
Think about the huge financial losses from closed stores , schools and businesses ; the expenses of restoring power to homes and businesses , and the cost of massive repairs and rebuilding .
And it could be worse : A direct CAT 4 hurricane hit on the Houston Ship Channel would likely uproot 800,000 jobs , shut down 25 percent of the nation 's oil refining capacity and sap $ 130 billion from the Texas economy .
Our image in the world economy is also at stake .
Yet with the same vision and fortitude that built the Houston Ship Channel we can become like Amsterdam — a city recognized for its bold actions to overcome its vulnerability to flooding and storms .
To ensure this future as a thriving coastal city , we must make three major investments — in flood control , more stringent building standards and in a " hurricane - ready " electrical power distribution network .
Let me elaborate :
• Flood control —
Recent restrictions on building in the floodplain and floodways must be followed by expanding our storage and conveyance capacity , with designated regional detention areas , more parks and green space , and expanded floodway corridors .
What about an innovative canal network , or a levee system such as Texas City has ?
Flooding requires a regional solution , based on intergovernmental agreements for common standards as part of a comprehensive storm water management plan .
• Betterbuilding codes —
Our building codes should meet coastal area hurricane criteria , to withstand 130 - 150 - mph winds and severe flooding .
This means additional structural requirements for walls and roof assemblies , raising the minimum floor elevations in certain areas , the prohibition of flat gravel roofs that cause window damage and wind - resistant glass .
We have learned from Ike that emergency generators in key locations — clinics , schools , supermarkets , pharmacies and gasoline service stations — could expand significantly a functioning network of precertified distribution sites and emergency shelters .
It is impractical to send everyone out of town or to PODs .
Generators at service stations and supermarkets , for example , would help with the availability of food , water and ice , and reduce gasoline shortages .
• Retrofitting the city 's electrical infrastructure .
Our electrical power distribution system , operated by CenterPoint Energy , needs to be modernized .
In a very real sense , we are trying to run a modern , 21st century city with an outmoded 19th century infrastructure of overhead poles , transformers and wires .
To modernize and protect our city , we need :
• Power lines placed underground in all new street construction and reconstruction projects .
• Antiquated power poles in poor condition replaced by new " structural " poles , relocated in ample rear lot and alley easements , ideal for above - ground utilities .
The city of Houston and CenterPoint Energy should begin a long - range ( 25 - to 30 - year ) program to bury overhead power lines using dedicated sources of funding , such as tax - increment set asides and local / state / federal disaster recovery fund allocations .
Houston can follow the successful financial and regulatory models of other cities .
We can not afford not to secure our utility lines .
Ike is a wake - up call to retrofit our infrastructure , as part of a long - range urban plan for a truly " sustainable city . "
Sound emergency management is not just about bailing out a leaking ship — it is about fixing the leaks in the first place .
The time to plan is before the next big storm .
The city of Houston , Harris County , CenterPoint Energy , the Greater Houston Partnership , community representatives and our talented planners and engineers should craft a transformative vision for our future and move forward with a 21st century " sustainable Houston " agenda .
It will take creativity , innovation and " best practices . "
A good place to start is to bury and secure our overhead utility lines — out of harm 's way .
Brown , an architect and urban planner , is in his second term as an at - large member of Houston City Council .
He can be e-mailed atpeter.brown@cityofhouston.net .
Posted By : Stonecipher
Sept. 20 , 2008
Push Polling .
It is one of the most despicable , dirty little tricks that exists in the game of politics .
And John McCain knows that all to well .
Ask any political junkie for an example of push polling and the response you 'll get will almost certainly be the story of what George W. Bush did to John McCain in the 2000 South Carolina Primary .
So what exactly is a push poll ?
The best definition I 've heard so far is from Kathy Frankovic of CBS News .
In a recent article she described push polling as " political telemarketing masquerading as a poll . "
There is never any data collected on a push poll .
It 's sole purpose is to plant seeds of doubt in a voter 's mind about a particular candidate while the " pollster " poses as a non-partisan interviewer .
Back to that 2000 South Carolina Primary :
Long story short , the Bush / Rove " pollsters " who were conducting the push poll against McCain called McCain supporters and asked them if they would be more likely or less likely to vote for McCain if they found out that he had fathered an illegitimate black child .
People who vote in South Carolina Republican Primaries are n't exactly known for their lack of racism .
These are the same people who have fought to keep the Confederate Flag flying above the South Carolina statehouse .
A white candidate , who had fathered a child with a black woman , out of wedlock , would stand no chance of winning a GOP Primary in the Palmetto State .
What made this push poll so disgusting was the fact that John and Cindy McCain had recently adopted a girl named Bridget from a Bangladeshi orphanage .
Bridget has dark skin and she was occasionally seen on the campaign trail with McCain .
The McCain 's never felt any need to explain who she was , so many voters , who were hit by the push poll saw McCain on the campaign trail with an unexplained dark skinned baby , and the seeds of doubt began to grow .
The Bush / Rove team had appealed to the racist side of South Carolina and beat McCain with it .
The push poll was despicable even by George W. Bush and Karl Rove standards .
John McCain was understandably upset , and when asked about the push polling by a South Carolina voter he responded by saying " I promise you , I have never and will never have anything to do with that . "
McCain continued to reject push polling over the years and as recently as the 2008 New Hampshire Primary , McCain clearly denounced push polling as " cowardly " and he called upon all GOP Primary candidates to denounce push polling and to join him " in pledging not to engage in such despicable tactics throughout the balance of this campaign . "
But as with so many other moral standards Mr. McCain has thrown out the window during this campaign , McCain has chosen the low road once again and allowed push polling in four key swing states to continue on his behalf .
The push poll in question , which appears to target Jewish voters , attempts to paint Barack Obama as a Muslim , antisemite with ties to the Palestinian terrorist organization Hamas .
Despite these false and disgusting attacks that fall directly into the " despicable tactics " category that McCain pledged not to engage in , not a word has been spoken by either John McCain or Sarah Palin denouncing these misleading and slanderous phone calls that have been made in Florida , Michigan and at least two other states .
Where is McCain 's outrage now ?
What happened to the guy who pledged to keep push polling out of the 2008 campaign ?
Well , it looks like that guy left .
Earlier this month candidate McCain hired a guy named Tucker Eskew to work on his campaign .
Eskew was widely despised in the McCain 2000 Camp , and for good reason .
He was one of the architects of the anti-McCain push polling in South Carolina .
As one McCain staffer put it in 2000 " when the going gets tough for Governor Bush , [ Eskew ] turns to the darker side of our party . "
In addition to Eskew being hired recently , it appears that McCain 's campaign manager , Rick Davis , who also managed McCain 's 2000 run for the White House , has had a change of heart in the past eight years regarding push polling .
In 2004 , Davis wrote a piece for the Boston Globe in which he suggested that by running an honest campaign and making an effort to raise the level of debate , they lost the election .
In other words , Davis now believes the only way to win is to play dirty .
With a top adviser famous for his dirty tricks and his love of the push poll , a campaign manager who believes he previously lost the biggest campaign of his life specifically because he refused to play dirty and a candidate who , suddenly this week , has chosen to flip - flop on his pledge to reject and denounce push polling , it is hard to believe the McCain Campaign was not involved in this ugliness .
" Country First " is McCain 's current campaign cry , but how can anyone be putting their country first while doing nothing to stop an organized effort to mislead and confuse American voters ?
Throwing a wrench in the Democratic process is far from putting America first and McCain has been all too happy to jam the wrench in himself .
Mr. McCain has gone from an American hero to an American disgrace .
My latest Guardian column " Surveillance :
You can know too much , " explains how collecting too much information on innocent people makes it harder to catch guilty ones :
At a certain point , data gathered to predict the weather overwhelms your capacity to add it to your calculations efficiently , resulting in ever - longer runtimes that give less accurate predictions .
It 's better to crunch the data needed to calculate tomorrow 's weather in 10 minutes ( and refine your guess twice an hour ) than to shovel so much data into the hopper that you do n't get tomorrow 's forecast until next week .
The sweet spot lies somewhere between gathering too much information and gathering too little – and the secret to hitting that spot is intelligent , discriminating data - acquisition .
Take London : cover every square inch of the city with CCTVs and you 'll get so much information that you 'll never make any sense of it .
Scotland Yard says that CCTVs help solve fewer than 3 % of all crimes , while a study in San Francisco found that at best , criminals simply move out of camera range , while at worst they assume no one is watching .
Similarly , if you take fingerprints from every person who applies for a visa – or worse still , from every person in Britain who has to carry one of the proposed new biometric cards – you will fill the databases with chaff that slows down searches , generates endless false matches , and threatens everyone in the database with the worst kind of identity theft .
Obama dismisses McCain commission as ' stunt '
Obama , in prepared remarks for a Colorado speech , is proposing a muscular new regulatory framework for the American financial system , and dismissing McCain 's call for a commission :
Just today , Senator McCain offered up the oldest Washington stunt in the book – you pass the buck to a commission to study the problem .
But here ’s the thing – this is n’t 9/11 .
We know how we got into this mess .
What we need now is leadership that gets us out .
I ’ll provide it , John McCain wo n’t , and that ’s the choice for the American people in this election .
Prepared remarks after the jump .
Remarks of Senator Barack Obama — as prepared for delivery
Confronting an Economic Crisis
Tuesday , September 16th , 2008
Golden , Colorado
Over the last few days , we have seen clearly what ’s at stake in this election .
The news from Wall Street has shaken the American people ’s faith in our economy .
The situation with Lehman Brothers and other financial institutions is the latest in a wave of crises that have generated tremendous uncertainty about the future of our financial markets .
This is a major threat to our economy and its ability to create good - paying jobs and help working Americans pay their bills , save for their future , and make their mortgage payments .
Since this turmoil began over a year ago , the housing market has collapsed .
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac had to be effectively taken over by the government .
Three of America ’s five largest investment banks failed or have been sold off in distress .
Yesterday , Wall Street suffered its worst losses since just after 9/11 .
We are in the most serious financial crisis in generations .
Yet Senator McCain stood up yesterday and said that the fundamentals of the economy are strong
A few hours later , his campaign sent him back out to clean up his remarks , and he tried to explain himself again this morning by saying that what he meant was that American workers are strong .
But we know that Senator McCain meant what he said the first time , because he has said it over and over again throughout this campaign – no fewer than 16 times , according to one independent count .
Now I certainly do n’t fault Senator McCain for all of the problems we ’re facing , but I do fault the economic philosophy he subscribes to .
Because the truth is , what Senator McCain said yesterday fits with the same economic philosophy that he ’s had for 26 years .
It ’s the philosophy that says we should give more and more to those with the most and hope that prosperity trickles down .
It ’s the philosophy that says even common - sense regulations are unnecessary and unwise .
It ’s a philosophy that lets Washington lobbyists shred consumer protections and distort our economy so it works for the special interests instead of working people .
We ’ve had this philosophy for eight years .
We know the results .
You feel it in your own lives .
Jobs have disappeared , and peoples ’ life savings have been put at risk .
Millions of families face foreclosure , and millions more have seen their home values plummet .
The cost of everything from gas to groceries to health care has gone up , while the dream of a college education for our kids and a secure and dignified retirement for our seniors is slipping away .
These are the struggles that Americans are facing .
This is the pain that has now trickled up .
So let ’s be clear : what we ’ve seen the last few days is nothing less than the final verdict on an economic philosophy that has completely failed .
And I am running for President of the United States because the dreams of the American people must not be endangered any more .
It ’s time to put an end to a broken system in Washington that is breaking the American economy .
It ’s time for change that makes a real difference in your lives .
If you want to understand the difference between how Senator McCain and I would govern as President , you can start by taking a look at how we ’ve responded to this crisis .
Because Senator McCain 's approach was the same as the Bush Administration ’s : support ideological policies that made the crisis more likely ; do nothing as the crisis hits ; and then scramble as the whole thing collapses .
My approach has been to try to prevent this turmoil .
In February of 2006 , I introduced legislation to stop mortgage transactions that promoted fraud , risk or abuse .
A year later , before the crisis hit , I warned Secretary Paulson and Chairman Bernanke about the risks of mounting foreclosures and urged them to bring together all the stakeholders to find solutions to the subprime mortgage meltdown .
Senator McCain did nothing .
Last September , I stood up at NASDAQ and said it ’s time to realize that we are in this together – that there is no dividing line between Wall Street and Main Street – and warned of a growing loss of trust in our capital markets .
Months later , Senator McCain told a newspaper that he ’d love to give them a solution to the mortgage crisis , “ but ” – he said – “ I do n’t know one . ”
In January , I outlined a plan to help revive our faltering economy , which formed the basis for a bipartisan stimulus package that passed the Congress .
Senator McCain used the crisis as an excuse to push a so - called stimulus plan that offered another huge and permanent corporate tax cut , including $ 4 billion for the big oil companies , but no immediate help for workers .
This March , in the wake of the Bear Stearns bailout , I called for a new , 21st century regulatory framework to restore accountability , transparency , and trust in our financial markets .
Just a few weeks earlier , Senator McCain made it clear where he stands : “ I ’m always for less regulation , ” he said , and referred to himself as “ fundamentally a deregulator . ”
This is what happens when you confuse the free market with a free license to let special interests take whatever they can get , however they can get it .
This is what happens when you see seven years of incomes falling for the average worker while Wall Street is booming , and declare – as Senator McCain did earlier this year – that we ’ve made great progress economically under George Bush .
That is how you can reach the conclusion – as late as yesterday – that the fundamentals of the economy are strong .
Well , we have a different way of measuring the fundamentals of our economy .
We know that the fundamentals that we use to measure economic strength are whether we are living up to that fundamental promise that has made this country great – that America is a place where you can make it if you try .
Americans have always pursued our dreams within a free market that has been the engine of our progress .
It ’s a market that has created a prosperity that is the envy of the world , and rewarded the innovators and risk - takers who have made America a beacon of science , and technology , and discovery .
But the American economy has worked in large part because we have guided the market ’s invisible hand with a higher principle – that America prospers when all Americans can prosper .
That is why we have put in place rules of the road to make competition fair , and open , and honest .
Too often , over the last quarter century , we have lost this sense of shared prosperity .
And this has not happened by accident .
It ’s because of decisions made in boardrooms , on trading floors and in Washington .
We failed to guard against practices that all too often rewarded financial manipulation instead of productivity and sound business practices .
We let the special interests put their thumbs on the economic scales .
The result has been a distorted market that creates bubbles instead of steady , sustainable growth ; a market that favors Wall Street over Main Street , but ends up hurting both .
Let me be clear : the American economy does not stand still , and neither should the rules that govern it .
The evolution of industries often warrants regulatory reform - to foster competition , lower prices , or replace outdated oversight structures .
Old institutions cannot adequately oversee new practices .
Old rules may not fit the roads where our economy is leading .
But instead of sensible reform that rewarded success and freed the creative forces of the market , too often we ’ve excused an ethic of greed , corner - cutting and inside dealing that threatens the long - term stability of our economic system .
It happened in the 1980s , when we loosened restrictions on Savings and Loans and appointed regulators who ignored even these weaker rules .
Too many S&Ls took advantage of the lax rules set by Washington to gamble that they could make big money in speculative real estate .
Confident of their clout in Washington , they made hundreds of billions in bad loans , knowing that if they lost money , the government would bail them out .
And they were right .
The gambles did not pay off , our economy went into recession , and the taxpayers ended up footing the bill .
Sound familiar ?
And it has happened again during this decade , in part because of how we deregulated the financial services sector .
After we repealed outmoded rules instead of updating them , we were left overseeing 21st century innovation with 20th century regulations .
When subprime mortgage lending took a reckless and unsustainable turn , a patchwork of regulators systematically and deliberately eliminated the regulations protecting the American people and failed to raise warning flags that could have protected investors and the pensions American workers count on .
This was not the invisible hand of the market at work .
These cycles of bubble and bust were symptoms of the ideology that my opponent is running to continue .
John McCain has spent decades in Washington supporting financial institutions instead of their customers .
In fact , one of the biggest proponents of deregulation in the financial sector is Phil Gramm – the same man who helped write John McCain ’s economic plan ; the same man who said that we ’re going through a ‘ mental recession ’ ; and the same man who called the United States of America a “ nation of whiners . ”
So it ’s hard to understand how Senator McCain is going to get us out of this crisis by doing the same things with the same old players .
Make no mistake : my opponent is running for four more years of policies that will throw the economy further out of balance .
His outrage at Wall Street would be more convincing if he was n’t offering them more tax cuts .
His call for fiscal responsibility would be believable if he was n’t for more tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans , and more of a trillion dollar war in Iraq paid for with deficit spending and borrowing from foreign creditors like China .
His newfound support for regulation bears no resemblance to his scornful attitude towards oversight and enforcement .
John McCain cannot be trusted to reestablish proper oversight of our financial markets for one simple reason : he has shown time and again that he does not believe in it .
What has happened these last eight years is not some historical anomaly , so we know what to expect if we try these policies for another four .
When lobbyists run your campaign , the special interests end up gaming the system .
When the White House is hostile to any kind of oversight , corporations cut corners and consumers pay the price .
When regulators are chosen for their disdain for regulation and we gut their ability to enforce the law , then the interests of the American people are not protected .
It ’s an ideology that intentionally breeds incompetence in Washington and irresponsibility on Wall Street , and it ’s time to turn the page .
Just today , Senator McCain offered up the oldest Washington stunt in the book – you pass the buck to a commission to study the problem .
But here ’s the thing – this is n’t 9/11 .
We know how we got into this mess .
What we need now is leadership that gets us out .
I ’ll provide it , John McCain wo n’t , and that ’s the choice for the American people in this election .
History shows us that there is no substitute for presidential leadership in a time of economic crisis .
FDR and Harry Truman did n’t put their heads in the sand , or hand accountability over to a Commission .
Bill Clinton did n’t put off hard choices .
They led , and that ’s what I will do .
My priority as President will be the stability of the American economy and the prosperity of the American people .
And I will make sure that our response focuses on middle class Americans – not the companies that created the problem .
To get out of this crisis – and to ensure that we are not doomed to repeat a cycle of bubble and bust again and again – we must take immediate measures to create jobs and continue to address the housing crisis ; we must build a 21st century regulatory framework , and we must pursue a bold opportunity agenda that creates new jobs and grows the American economy .
To jumpstart job creation , I have proposed a $ 50 billion Emergency Economic Plan that would save 1 million jobs by rebuilding our infrastructure , repairing our schools , and helping our states and localities avoid damaging budget cuts .
I worked with leaders in Congress to create a new FHA Housing Security Program , which will help stabilize the housing market and allow Americans facing foreclosure to keep their homes at rates they can afford .
Going forward , we need to replace Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac as we know them with a structure that is focused on helping people buy homes – not engaging in market speculation .
We ca n’t have a situation like the old S&L scandal where its “ heads ” investors win , and “ tails ” taxpayers lose .
That ’s going to take ending the lobbyist - driven dominance of these institutions that we ’ve seen for far too long in Washington .
To prevent fraud in the mortgage market , I 've proposed tough penalties on fraudulent lenders , and a Home Score system that will ensure consumers fully understand mortgage offers and whether they 'll be able to make payments .
To help low - and middle - income families , I will ease the burden on struggling homeowners through a universal homeowner ’s tax credit .
This will add up to a 10 percent break off the mortgage interest rate for 10 million households .
That ’s another $ 500 each year for many middle class families .
Unlike Senator McCain , I will change our bankruptcy laws to make it easier for families to stay in their homes .
Right now , if you ’re a family that owns one house , bankruptcy judges are actually barred from helping you keep a roof over your head by writing down the value of your mortgage .
If you own seven homes , the judge is free to write down any or all of the debt on your second , third , fourth , fifth , sixth or seventh homes .
Now that may be of comfort to Senator McCain , but that ’s the kind of out - of - touch Washington loophole that makes no sense .
When I ’m President , we ’ll make our laws work for working people .
But as we ’ve seen the last few days , the crisis in our financial markets now reaches well beyond the housing market .
That ’s why it ’s time to do what I called for last September and again this past March – and it is only more overdue today .
Our capital markets cannot succeed without the public 's trust .
It ’s time to get serious about regulatory oversight , and that ’s what I will do as President .
That starts with the core principles for reform that I discussed at Cooper Union .
First , if you ’re a financial institution that can borrow from the government , you should be subject to government oversight and supervision .
When the Federal Reserve steps in as a lender of last resort , it is providing an insurance policy underwritten by the American taxpayer .
In return , taxpayers have every right to expect that financial institutions with access to that credit are not taking excessive risks .
Second , we must reform requirements on all regulated financial institutions .
We must strengthen capital requirements , particularly for complex financial instruments like some of the mortgage securities and other derivatives at the center of our current crisis .
We must develop and rigorously manage liquidity risk .
We must investigate rating agencies and potential conflicts of interest with the people they are rating .
And we must establish transparency requirements that demand full disclosure by financial institutions to shareholders and counterparties .
As we reform our regulatory system at home , we must address the same problems abroad so that financial institutions around the world are subject to similar rules of the road .
Third , we need to streamline our regulatory agencies .
Our overlapping and competing regulatory agencies cannot oversee the large and complex institutions that dominate the financial landscape .
Different institutions compete in multiple markets - Washington should not pretend otherwise .
A streamlined system will provide better oversight and reduce costs .
Fourth , we need to regulate institutions for what they do , not what they are .
Over the last few years , commercial banks and thrift institutions were subject to guidelines on subprime mortgages that did not apply to mortgage brokers and companies .
This regulatory framework failed to protect homeowners , and made no sense for our financial system .
When it comes to protecting the American people , it should make no difference what kind of institution they are dealing with .
Fifth , we must crack down on trading activity that crosses the line to market manipulation .
The last six months have shown that this remains a serious problem in many markets and becomes especially problematic during moments of great financial turmoil .
We cannot embrace the administration 's vision of turning over the protection of investors to the industries themselves .
We need regulators that actually enforce the rules instead of overlooking them .
The SEC should investigate and punish market manipulation , and report its conclusions to Congress .
Sixth , we must establish a process that identifies systemic risks to the financial system like the crisis that has overtaken our economy .
Too often , we end up where we are today : dealing with threats to the financial system that were n't anticipated by regulators .
We need a standing financial market advisory group to meet regularly and provide advice to the President , Congress , and regulators on the state of our financial markets and the risks they face .
It ’s time to anticipate risks before they erupt into a full - blown crisis .
These six principles should guide the legal reforms needed to establish a 21st century regulatory system .
But the change we need goes beyond laws and regulation .
Financial institutions must do a better job at managing risks .
There is something wrong when boards of directors or senior managers do n't understand the implications of the risks assumed by their own institutions .
It 's time to realign incentives and CEO compensation packages , so that both high level executives and employees better serve the interests of shareholders .
Finally , the American people must be able to trust that their government is looking out for all of us - not the special interests that have set the agenda in Washington for eight years , and the lobbyists who run John McCain ’s campaign .
I ’ve spent my career taking on lobbyists and their money , and I ’ve won .
If you wanted a special favor in Illinois , there was actually a law that let you give campaign cash to politicians for their own personal use .
In the State House , they called it business - as - usual .
I called it legalized bribery , and while it did n’t make me the most popular guy in Springfield , I put an end to it .
When I got to Washington , we saw some of the worst corruption since Watergate .
I led the fight for reform in my party , and let me tell you – not everyone in my party was too happy about it .
When I proposed forcing lobbyists to disclose who they ’re raising money from and who in Congress they ’re funneling it to , I had a few choice words directed my way on the floor of the Senate .
But we got it done , and we banned gifts from lobbyists , and free rides on their fancy jets .
And I am the only candidate who can say that Washington lobbyists do not fund my campaign , they will not run my White House , and they will not drown out the voices of the American people when I am President of the United States .
That ’s how we ’re going to end the outrage of special interests tipping the scales .
The most important thing we must do is restore opportunity for all Americans .
To get our economy growing , we need to recapture that fundamental American promise .
That if you work hard , you can pay the bills .
That if you get sick , you wo n’t go bankrupt .
That your kids can get a good education , and that we can leave a legacy of greater opportunity to future generations .
That ’s the change the American people need .
While Senator McCain likes to talk about change these days , his economic program offers nothing but more of the same .
The American people need more than change as a slogan– we need change that makes a real difference in your life .
Change means a tax code that does n’t reward the lobbyists who wrote it , but the American workers and small businesses who deserve it .
I will stop giving tax breaks to corporations that ship jobs overseas , and I will start giving them to companies that create good jobs right here in America .
I will eliminate capital gains taxes for small businesses and start - ups – that ’s how we ’ll grow our economy and create the high - wage , high - tech jobs of tomorrow .
I will cut taxes – cut taxes – for 95 % of all working families .
My opponent does n’t want you to know this , but under my plan , tax rates will actually be less than they were under Ronald Reagan .
If you make less than $ 250,000 a year , you will not see your taxes increase one single dime .
In fact , I offer three times the tax relief for middle - class families as Senator McCain does – because in an economy like this , the last thing we should do is raise taxes on the middle - class .
I will finally keep the promise of affordable , accessible health care for every single American .
If you have health care , my plan will lower your premiums .
If you do n’t , you ’ll be able to get the same kind of coverage that members of Congress give themselves .
And I will stop insurance companies from discriminating against those who are sick and need care the most
I will create the jobs of the future by transforming our energy economy .
We ’ll tap our natural gas reserves , invest in clean coal technology , and find ways to safely harness nuclear power .
I ’ll help our auto companies re-tool , so that the fuel - efficient cars of the future are built right here in America .
I ’ll make it easier for the American people to afford these new cars .
And I ’ll invest 150 billion dollars over the next decade in affordable , renewable sources of energy – wind power and solar power and the next generation of biofuels ; an investment that will lead to new industries and five million new jobs that pay well and ca n’t ever be outsourced
And now is the time to finally meet our moral obligation to provide every child a world - class education , because it will take nothing less to compete in the global economy .
I ’ll recruit an army of new teachers , and pay them higher salaries and give them more support .
But in exchange , I will ask for higher standards and more accountability .
And we will keep our promise to every young American – if you commit to serving your community or your country , we will make sure you can afford a college education .
This is the change we need – the kind of bottom up growth and innovation that will advance the American economy by advancing the dreams of all Americans .
Times are hard .
I will not pretend that the changes we need will come without cost – though I have presented ways we can achieve these changes in a fiscally responsible way .
I know that we 'll have to overcome our doubts and divisions and the determined opposition of powerful special interests before we can truly reform a broken economy and advance opportunity .
But I am running for President because we simply cannot afford four more years of an economic philosophy that works for Wall Street instead of Main Street , and ends up devastating both .
I do n’t want to wake up in four years to find that more Americans fell out of the middle - class , and more families lost their savings .
I do n’t want to see that our country failed to invest in our ability to compete , our children ’s future was mortgaged on another mountain of debt , and our financial markets failed to find a firmer footing .
This time – this election – is our chance to stand up and say : enough is enough !
We can do this because Americans have done this before .
Time and again , we ’ve battled back from adversity by recognizing that common stake that we have in each other ’s success .
That ’s why our economy has n’t just been the world ’s greatest wealth generator – it ’s bound America together , it ’s created jobs , and it ’s made the dream of opportunity a reality for generation after generation of Americans .
Now it falls to us .
And I need you to make it happen .
If you want the next four years looking just like the last eight , then I am not your candidate .
But if you want real change – if you want an economy that rewards work , and that works for Main Street and Wall Street ; if you want tax relief for the middle class and millions of new jobs ; if you want health care you can afford and education so that our kids can compete ; then I ask you to knock on some doors , and make some calls , and talk to your neighbors , and give me your vote on November 4th .
And if you do , I promise you – we will win Colorado , we will win this election , and we will change America together .
###
It sounds excellent when we have finished the dissertation project .
Here we have done lots of practice in ...
Barack Obama and John McCain struggled to seize control of the No. 1 issue on voters ’ minds – the economy – at a pivotal moment in the presidential campaign with Americans increasingly worried about the fallout from the meltdown on Wall Street .
Anzeige
Republican McCain on Monday assailed " greed and corruption “ on Wall Street and promised to clean it up , while Democrat Obama said his opponent would only deliver more of the same failed Bush administration economic policies .
Obama mocked McCain for declaring the " fundamentals of our economy are strong , “ saying his Republican rival was out of touch with the economic distress of struggling middle - class families .
With just seven weeks remaining to the Nov. 4 elections , the first - term Illinois senator is fighting to regain momentum after slipping in the polls following McCain ’s surprise announcement that Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , virtually unknown on the national political stage until then , would join him on the Republican ticket .
Anzeige
Campaigning in battleground Colorado , Obama courted working - class voters who gave him grief in the primary campaign and called the chaos in financial markets " the most serious financial crisis since the Great Depression “ of the 1930s .
" In 19 months he ( McCain ) has not named one thing he would do differently from this administration on the central issue of this election .
Not one thing , “ Obama said , continuing his attempts to link McCain to deeply unpopular President George W. Bush .
" And we know that if we go down that path , that the next four years will look exactly like the last eight . “
McCain sought to ease voter concerns by vowing to " clean up Wall Street , “ and promising during a Florida campaign stop that " The McCain - Palin administration will replace an outdated , patchwork quilt of regulatory oversight and bring transparency and accountability to Wall Street , “
Anzeige
The nation ’s economic anxieties were sharpened by a historic upheaval on Wall Street with the announcements that financial giant Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. was filing for bankruptcy protection while titan Merrill Lynch & Co. was being bought by Bank of America for about $ 50 billion .
And an even more dangerous shoe may yet fall .
American International Group Inc. is seeking emergency funding to shore up its balance sheet .
Should the world ’s largest insurance company tumble , it likely would have financial implications far beyond that of Lehman ’s bankruptcy filing .
Anzeige
While McCain declared the U.S. economy was fundamentally strong , he acknowledged " these are very , very difficult times , so I promise you :
We will never put America in this position again . “
But his campaign issued a television ad that further muddled his economic message about sound fundamentals .
" Our economy in crisis , “ the commercial says .
" Only proven reformers John McCain and Sarah Palin can fix it .
Tougher rules on Wall Street to protect your life savings .
No special interest giveaways .
Lower taxes to create new jobs .
Offshore drilling to reduce gas prices . “
The Obama campaign ridiculed the commercial .
" Today of all days , John McCain ’s stubborn insistence that the ’ fundamentals of the economy are strong ’ shows that he is disturbingly out of touch with what ’s going in the lives of ordinary Americans , “ spokesman Bill Burton said in a statement .
" Even as his own ads try to convince him that the economy is in crisis , apparently his 26 years in Washington have left him incapable of understanding that the policies he supports have created an historic economic crisis . “
In a fiery campaign speech in Grand Junction , Colorado , Obama delivered a frontal attack that showed none of the hesitancy that has worried some of his own supporters as McCain edged ahead in the polls .
" I certainly do n’t fault Sen. John McCain for these problems .
I do fault the economic philosophy he subscribes to , “ Obama said .
" It ’s a philosophy we ’ve had for the last eight years – one that says we should give more and more to those with the most and hope that prosperity trickles down to everyone else . “
Anzeige
" Can you afford to take a chance on someone who ’s voted against the minimum wage 19 times , “ Obama asked a crowd of thousands .
" When it was $ 4 , he was against it , when it was $ 5 he was against it , when it was $ 6 he was against it . “
Courting working - class voters who favored Hillary Rodham Clinton in the Democratic primary campaign , Obama lamented Republican policies over the last eight years that he said " encouraged outsized bonuses to CEOs while ignoring middle - class Americans “ and said : " Instead of prosperity trickling down , the pain has trickled up – from the struggles of hardworking Americans on Main Street to the largest firms of Wall Street . “
Obama closed the day in Pueblo with a rally at the Colorado State Fairgrounds before a wildly enthusiastic crowd estimated by the facility ’s general manager at 13,500 .
Colorado is one of several battleground Western states which Obama hopes to put in his column on Nov. 4 even though George W. Bush narrowly carried them in the 2004 race .
McCain said in a statement issued in advance of market openings that he agreed there should be no taxpayer - financed bailout of Lehman Brothers .
" It is essential for us to make sure that the U.S. remains the pre-eminent financial market of the world .
This will be a highest priority of my administration .
In order to do this , major reform must be made in Washington and on Wall Street , “ McCain said .
Financial turmoil was overshadowing a campaign that has grown increasingly nasty .
Earlier , Obama ’s campaign announced it would begin airing a new television ad that challenges McCain ’s campaign tactics – questionable and , in some cases , untrue assertions about Obama .
The commercial begins with videotape of McCain saying : " I will not take the low road to the highest office in this land , “ after which an announcer asks " What ’s happened to John McCain ? “
Anzeige
The 30 - second ad then quotes snippets of negative media commentary about the Republican ’s campaign tactics and concludes : " After voting with Bush 90 percent of the time proposing the same disastrous economic policies it seems ’ deception ’ is all he has left . “
The word " deception “ is attributed to The Washington Post .
McCain , when challenged on the issue last week , said the contest would not have reached this point had Obama agreed to the four - term Arizona senator ’s call for weekly joint appearances at town hall meetings to answer voters ’ questions .
Obama appears to be refocusing his campaign on the issue distinctions between him and McCain after having spent much of the previous week trying to figure out a campaign strategy to blunt the Republican surge in the polls .
Obama running mate Sen .
Joe Biden , meanwhile , accused McCain of adopting what he termed the serve - the - rich policies of Bush and the divisive tactics of ex-Bush strategist Karl Rove .
" If you ’re ready for four more years of George Bush , John McCain is your man , “ Biden said at a high school in a Detroit , Michigan , suburb .
" The campaign a person runs says everything about the way they ’ll govern , “ Biden said .
" John McCain has decided to bet the house on the politics perfected by Karl Rove . “
Anzeige
McCain ’s appearance in Jacksonville , Florida , meanwhile , was his first solo rally since announcing Palin as running mate more than two weeks ago .
Palin attended a rally in Colorado , on her first campaign swing outside her home state of Alaska without McCain at her side .
She said Obama " wants to raise income taxes and raise payroll taxes and raise investment income taxes and raise business taxes and raise the death tax . “
" But John McCain and I know that ’s not the way you grow the economy , “ she added .
In fact , independent groups such as the Tax Policy Center have concluded that four out of five U.S. households would receive tax cuts under Obama ’s proposals .
Back to English News Homepage
Phil Wrigglesworth
DURING a keynote address at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas in January , the boss of General Motors ( GM ) , Rick Wagoner , unveiled the Cadillac Provoq , a new hydrogen fuel - cell concept car .
With a drivetrain emitting only water vapour , a 300 - mile range and a top speed of 160 kph ( 100 m ph ) , the vehicle , said Mr Wagoner , represented “ the promise of truly sustainable transportation ” .
It was a promise that sounded vaguely familiar .
A decade earlier , in 1998 , Mr Wagoner 's predecessor , Jack Smith , told the Detroit auto show that GM had a plan to produce a production - ready fuel - cell vehicle “ by 2004 or sooner ” .
That same year , Ford 's incoming boss , Jacques Nasser , said that he saw fuel - cell cars as being a viable alternative to petrol cars for many people during the course of his career ( he was replaced in 2001 ) .
And as recently as 2004 California 's governor , Arnold Schwarzenegger , rhapsodised about “ hydrogen highways ” all across the state by 2010 .
Ever since the writings of Jules Verne in the 19th century , the idea that hydrogen would one day displace fossil fuels has attracted many adherents .
Most recently , the dream has centred on hydrogen - fuelled cars , powered by fuel cells — electrochemical devices that combine stored hydrogen with atmospheric oxygen to generate electricity and water vapour .
( This means the car produces no CO 2 emissions directly , but whether it is emission - free overall depends on the source of the energy used to produce the hydrogen .
The hydrogen is more of a temporary store of energy from other sources than a fuel . )
But the promise of hydrogen - powered personal transport seems as elusive as ever .
The non-emergence of hydrogen cars over the past decade is particularly notable since hydrogen power has been a darling of governments worldwide , which have spent billions of dollars in subsidies and incentives to make hydrogen cars a reality .
Proponents of hydrogen fuel - cell technology point to advances that have been made in the size and efficiency of fuel cells , and the appearance of a smattering of hydrogen filling - stations in a few parts of America and Europe .
Carmakers are also keen to publicise the handful of trials that are providing them with data on the real - world performance of hydrogen fuel - cell cars .
This year GM and Honda are deploying a few such vehicles , which are being put into the hands of carefully selected drivers .
GM has recruited celebrities , journalists , businesspeople and members of the public to test a fuel - cell version of its Chevrolet Equinox .
Honda has started leasing small numbers of its FCX Clarity , which it describes as a “ production model ” to drivers in California .
But aside from these high - profile , low - volume projects , the logistical , technological and economic problems facing hydrogen fuel - cell cars mean that they are very unlikely to make it to market any time soon .
One thing holding back hydrogen vehicles is a chicken - and - egg problem : why build cars if there is nowhere to fill them up , or hydrogen filling - stations if there are no cars to use them ?
Just around the corner , honest
Earlier this year GM said that despite its own rapid progress on hydrogen fuel - cell vehicles , America 's energy industry and government were lagging behind when it came to building hydrogen filling - stations .
Mr Wagoner even said that this might mean that hydrogen cars would be deployed elsewhere first — such as China .
Honda , meanwhile , is covering itself by developing a Home Energy Station , which drivers of fuel - cell vehicles can use to make their own hydrogen at home , by tapping into the domestic natural - gas supply .
“ The real challenge as we move toward retail is that we need to change the nature of the fuelling system , ” says Catherine Dunwoody , executive director of the California Fuel - Cell Partnership ( CaFCP ) , an industry body .
She says that in order for fuel - cell cars to become a reality , hydrogen filling stations have to move from serving fleets of corporate or municipal vehicles to being able to serve private customers .
Phil Wrigglesworth
Duncan Macleod , vice - president of Shell Hydrogen , admits that there has been a “ disconnected debate ” between the carmakers and the fuel companies , but says discussions with carmakers over the past year have been much more productive .
He says Shell 's solution to the chicken - and - egg problem is a series of local mini-networks , each comprising hundreds of fuel - cell vehicles and at least two refuelling stations .
Despite the grand vision , however , Shell currently has only six hydrogen filling - stations worldwide .
BP , another early advocate of hydrogen , is also retreating from its early bullishness : it closed its only hydrogen filling - station in Britain in 2007 and has recently started to switch its focus towards biofuels , rather than hydrogen , as a near - term replacement for petrol .
One thing on which carmakers and energy firms do agree is the need for government funding and the appropriate public policies in order to promote the commercialisation of hydrogen vehicles .
Governments in Europe and America have been more than willing to oblige .
Since President George Bush launched his Hydrogen Fuel Initiative in 2003 , America 's Congress has provided over $ 1 billion for hydrogen research — though not everyone approves .
The Bush administration 's enthusiasm for hydrogen has worked “ to the detriment of nearly all other renewable energy sources , ” says Severin Borenstein , director of the University of California Energy Institute at Berkeley .
In Europe the flow of funding for hydrogen research has been slower to come , but no less substantial .
In May the European Parliament approved € 470 m ( $ 730 m ) for a fuel - cell and hydrogen initiative , a sum it expects the private sector to match .
The establishment of the National Organisation for Hydrogen and Fuel - Cell Technology in Germany , a joint venture between German industry and government , recently put a further € 500 m into the pot .
How much more investment is needed to make mass - produced hydrogen cars a reality ?
According to a recent study by Oak Ridge National Laboratory , sponsored by America 's Department of Energy ( DoE ) , public funding of $ 10 billion would be required to get 2 m hydrogen fuel - cell cars onto America 's roads by 2025 , rising to $ 45 billion for 10 m cars .
A report issued by America 's National Academy of Sciences in July was less optimistic , estimating that $ 55 billion of government investment would be needed to put just 2 m hydrogen cars on the road by 2023 .
And both reports assume that the technology will get a lot cheaper : the Oak Ridge study assumes it will be possible to make fuel - cell vehicle systems in quantity at a cost of $ 45 per kilowatt of output by 2010 , and $ 30 per kilowatt by 2015 .
This is ambitious .
Although fuel - cell costs have dropped by 65 % since 2002 , according to the CaFCP , today 's fuel cells cost around $ 107 per kilowatt .
Are sudden cost reductions around the corner ?
Not according to one of the pioneers of fuel - cell technology , Ballard Power Systems , a Canadian supplier of fuel - cell systems to a range of carmakers .
In November 2007 it sold its automotive fuel - cell division to Ford and Daimler after a decade of losses , citing the “ realities of the high cost and long timeline for automotive fuel - cell commercialisation ” for its exit from the business .
These realities are also being noticed outside the business world .
In March this year the California Air Resources Board , an agency of California 's state government and a bellwether for state governments across America , changed its requirement for the number of zero-emission vehicles ( ZEVs ) to be built and sold in California between 2012 and 2014 .
The revised mandate allows manufacturers to comply with the rules by building more battery - electric cars instead of fuel - cell vehicles .
The trouble with hydrogen
Even if the network of hydrogen filling - stations can be built , and the technological advances needed to reduce the cost of fuel - cell vehicles can be made , a huge problem still remains : the production and delivery of hydrogen in large quantities .
The Oak Ridge study says the two most promising ways to produce hydrogen cheaply in the near term are to make it from natural gas ( through a process called “ steam reforming ” ) at the filling stations themselves , or to make it from gas derived from biomass or coal at large , centralised plants , and then deliver it by lorry or pipeline .
Hydrogen sceptics point out not only the large capital costs associated with the production , transportation and storage of hydrogen , but also the availability of far more viable alternatives .
Hydrogen is “ just about the worst possible vehicle fuel ” , says Robert Zubrin , a rocket scientist and the author of “ Energy Victory ” , a book on the post - petroleum future .
Even if the requisite gains in fuel - cell technology are achieved , he says , the fuel - cell cars of the future should run instead on methanol , which has a higher energy - density than hydrogen and can be stored and transported much more easily .
Furthermore , steam reformation of natural gas is far from a zero-emissions solution , undermining the whole rationale of hydrogen cars in the first place .
According to America 's National Renewable Energy Laboratory , producing a kilogram of hydrogen by steam reformation generates emissions equivalent to 11.9kg of CO 2 .
Given that the Chevy Equinox fuel - cell vehicle can travel 39 miles on a kilogram of hydrogen , and the FCX Clarity can travel 68 miles , powering these cars using hydrogen produced by steam reformation would result in emissions of 305 and 175 grams of CO 2 per mile respectively .
By comparison , today 's petrol - electric Toyota Prius hybrid produces tailpipe emissions of around 167 grams per mile , and many small petrol cars achieve similar results .
Even hydrogen optimists concede that the reliance on hydrogen from steam reformation is not viable in the long term .
“ If all we can do is make hydrogen from gas , we should n't even start the journey , ” says Mr Macleod at Shell .
Instead , he says , the solution to large - scale hydrogen production lies in using renewable electricity to extract hydrogen from water via electrolysis .
Others suggest making hydrogen using off - peak electricity or nuclear power .
But it would surely be easier simply to use this energy to charge the batteries of all - electric or plug - in hybrid vehicles .
Yet for advocates of fuel - cell cars , hope springs eternal .
The CaFCP sees tens of thousands of fuel - cell vehicles on the road by 2017 ; Shell predicts that mass roll - out of fuel - cell vehicles is “ absolutely achievable ” by 2020 ; and the DoE maintains that fuel - cell cars will be “ practical and cost - effective ” by the same year .
BP is cagier , predicting that it will be 2030 before a significant number of fuel - cell vehicles are in use .
In other words , claims that hydrogen will be the automotive fuel of the future are as true today as they ever have been .
In 1994 , while walking around a cement factory in southern Bolivia , Klaus Schütt discovered a limestone wall with a shear size of 25'000 square meters literally covered by dinosaur tracks .
A few years later , in 1998 , a scientific team lead by Swiss paleontologist Christian Meyer investigated the wall , and proved it was " the largest site of dinosaur tracks found so far " .
The immense Bolivian site ( Cal Orko ) is the rock face of an outcropping on a slant of 73 degrees , 80 meters high and 1.2 km long .
There are more than 5,000 tracks of 294 different dinosaurs made during the second half of the Cretaceous period .
There is such an impressive amount of tracks that some of the researchers said this place seemed to be a dinosaurs ’ dancefloor .
According to dinosaurus.org , the tracklevel dates from the Late Cretaceous and forms part of the El Molino Formation , the estimated age is about 68 million years .
More than 250 trackways have been registered and six different types of dinosaurs have been present .
The most spectacular trackways are those of quadrupedal titanosaurs , herbivore animals with a size between 15 and 25 m .
Perhaps , the most special track is a 347 meters footpath , the longest dinosaur trackway ever known , made by a baby Tyrannosaurus rex nicknamed “ Johnny Wallker ” by researchers .
During the Cretaceous , Cal Orko was part of an immense shallow lake .
In the Tertiary , when the Andes Mountains were formed , the movement of the tectonic plates pushed the former lake bed vertically .
Not far from this site , eight others have been found in recent years and are currently being studied .
According to Christian Meyer , the discovery is an enormous contribution to humanity and to science , revealing data heretofore unknown and " documenting the high diversity of dinosaurs better than any other site in the world " .
To contribute to preserving the site , a Cretaceous Park is open since March 2006 .
In this park , replicas of different dinosaur species welcome visitors to a museum with audiovisual exhibits , transporting their minds to prehistoric time .
More info : 1 References : Las huellas de Cal Orcko ( duiops.net )
3. Only 308 Model T's were produced in 1908 .
The Model T's top production year was 1923 with 2,011,125 cars manufactured worldwide .
That year , the Ford Motor Company made a profit of roughly $ 37 on each car sold .
2 . Black became the only paint color in 1914 , following the introduction of Ford 's moving production line .
Not only did a single color simplify the manufacturing process , black paint was also the fastest drying .
Ford historian Robert Kreipke explains that this made quite a difference , " With numerous coats applied , the bodies could be finished in one - tenth the time . "
Color returned in 1926 with the addition of maroon and green on certain models .
1. Although Henry Ford is famously quoted as saying " You can have any color you want , as long as it is black , " the 1908 Model T touring car was painted red and the roadster was pearl grey .
As part of our celebration of the Ford Centennial Model T Party in Richmond , Indiana , here are ten things you might not know about this classic :
4. Electric start was available in 1919 .
Prior to that , owners had to hand - crank their vehicles .
It was a sometimes dangerous process , especially if you forgot to apply the parking brake beforehand .
The 1919 Model T's also saw the arrival of a full electrical system that included a generator , battery and electric headlights and taillights .
There was no iPod dock .
5 . The Model T has no stick shift or accelerator pedal .
The throttle lever is mounted on the right side of the steering wheel shaft .
To add to the confusion , there are three pedals .
The leftmost allows you to shift between low , neutral and high gears , the middle pedal shifts between forward and reverse and the rightmost is the brake .
These quirks ensure that your Model T is unlikely to be stolen , even if you leave the key in the ignition .
6 . The Model T was produced for seven years before the introduction of electric headlights in 1915 .
It is still legal to drive with the original oil lamps , since motor vehicle regulations simply require your car to meet the safety regulations in force when it left the factory .
7 . The popularity of the Model T helped to standardize the placement of the steering wheel on the left throughout much of the world .
That said , Model T's produced in Great Britain had their steering wheels on the right .
8 . The fuel tank is located under the front seat , making it slightly cumbersome to check the fuel level .
The fuel system is gravity - fed , requiring drivers to reverse up particularly steep hills to ensure constant fuel flow to the engine .
9 . The original Model T got up to 21 miles per gallon ( mpg ) .
One hundred years later , the average passenger car in America still only gets 23 mpg .
10 .
When production ceased on May 25 , 1927 the plants simply shut down .
It is estimated that over 30,000 of the original 15 million Model T's still exist .
Unbelievably , there was no replacement waiting in the wings ; the subsequent Model A did n't start rolling off the assembly line until that December .
This will be the first installment in the Youth Vote series .
On July 7 , 1971 the twenty - sixth amendment was certified by the Administrator of General Services granting anybody aged eighteen or older the right to vote .
The amendment was proposed by Senator Jennings Randolph ( D ) of West Virginia in response to procedures within the Selective Service Draft of 1969 .
Anybody aged eighteen or older could be drafted and fight America 's War , but they could not vote .
The amendment was ratified by thirty - nine states ( eventually forty - two ) making Randolph 's amendment law .
The 1972 Presidential Election marked the first and largest participation by voters aged 18 - 24 in history .
Youth participation has declined since , but US involvement in foreign war seems to peek youth interest ; the reason , conscription or the draft .
Below is a graph detailing youth participation in past presidential elections :
Source : The Center for Information & Research on Civic Learning & Engagement
With the ongoing wars in Iraq and Afghanistan the possibility of conscription remains .
The most recent attempt ( or perhaps more correctly , bluff ) to reinstate the military draft occurred in 2003 when Representative Charles Rangle ( D ) of New York proposed House Resolution 163 , this version offered no deferments of any kind once over the age of twenty .
The bill was never written for serious consideration but rather as a protest to the currently ongoing war .
Rangel issued another similar resolution in 2007 ( HR 393 ) that called upon " all persons in the United States between the ages of 18 and 42 to perform national service , either as a member of the uniformed services or in civilian service . "
Representative Rangel issued the follow statements on the introduction of HR 393 :
" I do n't expect my bill to pass ; my purpose in introducing this legislation is for it to serve as a constant reminder that we have lost 2,200 of the best , brightest and bravest Americans , have had thousands more maimed , and countless Iraqi citizens killed .
As the President speaks of a national response involving the military option , military service should be a shared sacrifice .
Right now the only people being asked to sacrifice in any way are those men and women who with limited options chose military service and now find themselves in harm 's way in Iraq .
A draft would ensure that every economic group would have to do their share , and not allow some to stay behind while other people 's children do the fighting . "
" The Republican Leadership responded to my first bill by procedurally preventing debate on the issues it raised ; let us see how they try to avoid facing the question of shared sacrifice this time . "
Source : House.gov
The Republican leadership has remained passive on conscription dating back to Nixon .
In the 1968 Election Nixon promised to eliminate the draft , he did just the opposite .
The lottery occurred days before his inauguration and the draft was extended two years to 1973 during his first term .
After Vietnam ended the draft died .
Today the Selective Service System remains in the event " the country should need it . "
The SSS has procedures in place if the draft where needed today .
Why does any of this matter ?
Simple , watch this video of John McCain :
While John McCain agrees with the establishment a of draft , Barack Obama is committed to ending the war in Iraq .
With the upcoming election between Barack Obama and John McCain the draft appears to be on the table .
If you are between the age of 18 - 26 a draft will effect you .
Make your voice heard by voting .
Register to vote , and request an absentee ballot ( Google Absentee Ballot and find your state 's page ) if you attend an out of state college or will not be able to vote in your legal state of residence .
Look for the presidential debate on September 26th to have at least one question pertaining to a draft .
The facts show that when military service is an issue the youth vote shows up .
A Conservative government will ease the regulations governing development in Canada 's North , the party said Saturday .
" Current development and regulatory structures in the North are overly complex and often are major barriers to growth , " a Conservative news release said .
Party leader Stephen Harper took his message to Iqaluit Saturday , where he spoke with Conservative candidate Leona Aglukkaq and residents of community .
In a release on the party 's website , Harper said the Conservatives will :
Set up a stand - alone regional development agency for Northern Canada like those that exist in the western provinces , northern Ontario , Quebec and Atlantic Canada .
Set up a northern satellite office of the federal Major Projects Management Office , which deals with federal regulations governing major resource projects .
Improve the regulation of Northern natural resource projects by simplifying processes and reducing administrative costs .
Conservative plans to invest in and defend Canada 's Arctic " represent a fundamental pillar of our Arctic agenda , " the release said .
Harper also talked about steps the Conservatives have taken to ensure Canada 's sovereignty over the Arctic , such as building an Arctic deep - water port and vessels to patrol Arctic waters .
The offshore riches under the Arctic waters — including oil and gas reserves — have led Russia and other countries to make claims on the ocean floor .
Just this week , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev said the Arctic is a vital part of Russia 's economic future .
Harper has said he disagrees with Russia 's claim .
ASP.NET Application Development Services
Hidden Brains builds enterprise - level web applications using ASP.NET and other Microsoft Technologies .
Our team draws experience in all major industries to provide custom ASP .
NET Application Development to meet the most challenging IT problems for the world 's leading ISVs enterprises and startups .
As a Microsoft Certified Partner , we implement industry - best practices for full - cycle ASP .
Net Application Development right from analysis , design , implementation , testing and integration of systems .
We combine technology expertise to help you acquire new capabilities such as migration of legacy desktop applications or building a high traffic web application .
TRAVEL LINES EXPRESS FRANCHISE COMPANY
HOME BASED TRAVEL AGENT BUSINESS & TRAVEL AGENCY PROGRAM
REINVENTING INTERNET
TRAVEL WITH A HUMAN TOUCH ™
WE ARE PLEASED TO OFFER YOU THE ABILITY TO BOOK YOUR CUSTOMER VACATIONS INCLUDING AIRFARE , HOTEL , CAR AND CRUISES VIA THE INTERNET 24 HOURS A DAY , 7 DAYS A WEEK , WITH IMMEDIATE CONFIRMATION AND HELP DESK SUPPORT .
YOU HAVE MADE THE RIGHT DECISION TO REVOLUTIONIZE THE WAY YOU DO BUSINESS AS A HOME BASED TRAVEL AGENT .
EARN 100 % COMMISSION DIRECTLY FROM THE CRUISE LINES , HOTELS , RESORTS , CAR RENTALS , VACATION TOUR OPERATORS AND AIRLINE CONSOLIDATORS WITHOUT SHARING YOUR COMMISSION WITH A MULTI - LEVEL MARKETING COMPANY .
BOOK , PRINT , ISSUE ELECTRONIC DOMESTIC & INTERNATIONAL AIRLINE TICKETS .
AUTHORIZED , CERTIFIED , ACCREDITED AND OFFICIAL FULL SERVICE TRAVEL AGENCY & HOME BASED TRAVEL AGENT PROGRAM
AIRLINE TICKETS , HOTEL ROOMS , CAR RENTALS , VACATION PACKAGES , RESORTS , CRUISES , SPORTING EVENTS , CONCERTS , THEATRE , BUS & RAIL TOURS Start a certified , authorized and official full service travel agency from your home , office or store .
You will receive 100 % commission and the best travel benefits .
Your full service travel agency will specialize in the sale of airline consolidator tickets , hotel & resort rooms , car rentals , vacation packages and cruises .
Your full service reservation center will be a certified , authorized and official reservation center for all major cruise lines , airline consolidators , hotels , car and tour operators throughout the world .
Your travel agency and home based travel agent program will be placed on the official travel industry master accreditation list .
Your travel agency and reservation center will be appointed by the largest travel industry association in the world providing your clients with the assurance of your professionalism and financial stability .
You will be provided with a comprehensive internet based training program , state of the art technology reservation system , manuals , training videos , trade publications , reservation forms , toll free information , unlimited support , brochures , posters , collateral material and unlimited consultation .
With our franchise program , you deal directly with every airline consolidator , hotel company , car rental company , vacation tour operator and cruise company .
ALL COMMISSIONS , FEES , INCENTIVES , BONUS CHECKS AND OVERRIDE PRODUCTIVITY FUNDS ARE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOU .
IN ADDITION , YOU RECEIVE COMPLETE REVENUE CREDIT AND RECOGNITION CREDIT allowing your travel agency and reservation center to receive special discounts , earn substantial override commissions , receive reduced rate travel and free benefits for your entire family and staff .
With our franchise program , you become an accredited , official , insured , appointed , certified and authorized , full service travel agency
and home based travel agent reservation center .
THE SOONER YOU COMPLETE COURSES , THE SOONER YOU EARN TRAVEL BENEFITS , TRIPS , REWARDS AND VALUABLE PRIZES
MASTER SPECIALIST DIPLOMAS - DESTINATION SPECIALIST CERTIFICATES
BENEFITS CONTESTS REWARDS TRIPS PRIZES INCENTIVES EXCLUSIVE BENEFITS OUR FRANCHISE SYSTEM GUARANTEE TO YOU - 100 % COMMISSION PAID DIRECTLY TO YOU 100 % OF THE TIME : Commission checks , override productivity checks , bonus checks and incentive checks are always sent directly to your accredited travel agency from the cruise lines , hotels , car rentals , international airline consolidators and vacation tour operators .
OFFICIAL TRAVEL INDUSTRY MASTER ACCREDITATION LIST :
The cruise lines , car rental companies , vacation tour operators , airline consolidators , hotel and resort companies focus their promotional resources and financial support with travel agencies located on the official travel industry master accreditation list .
We guarantee that your travel agency and home based travel agent business will be placed on the official travel industry master accreditation list .
You will receive priority status for sales calls , brochure distribution , fax and e-mail broadcasting , co-op advertising funds , seminars , conventions , trade shows and familiarization trips .
You will enjoy special savings , discounts and benefits with all the travel companies .
EXCLUSIVE TRAVEL AGENCY ACCREDITATION IDENTIFICATION
NUMBER :
An important consideration for clients choosing your travel agency .
This significant benefit provides your clients with the
added assurance of your professionalism and financial stability .
CREDIT CARD MERCHANT PROGRAM :
You will be authorized to accept all major credit cards .
EXCLUSIVE TRAINING PROGRAMS :
Extensive online self paced training programs , comprehensive manuals , training videos , toll free support and unlimited consultation .
STATE OF THE ART GLOBAL RESERVATION SYSTEM : Real time , live inventory access , worldwide reservation system connected to your home / office / laptop computer including credit card merchant program with automated built - in credit card processing systems .
AUTHORIZED TRAVEL INSURANCE AGENCY :
Your travel agency will be authorized to sell travel insurance to your clients and earn huge commissions .
BUILD AND EARN TRUE REVENUE CREDIT AND RECOGNITION CREDIT :
One of the most important ingredients in owning a travel agency and home based travel agent business .
OWN A VIRTUAL HOME BASED TRAVEL AGENT TRAINING SCHOOL AND TRAVEL COUNSELOR CERTIFICATION PROGRAM :
Several levels of certification to insure your student 's greatest success .
Some content on this page was disabled on November 2 , 2016 as a result of a DMCA takedown notice from Joel van der Reijden .
You can learn more about the DMCA here :
https://en.support.wordpress.com/copyright-and-the-dmca/
The Associated Press
The Iowa State sophomore has continued the roll he was on to end 2019 , leading the Big 12 and ranking third in the nation in rushing through two games .
'' It 's going to be a total different defense than what we faced a week ago , and that priority is going to be put on stopping the run game , '' Cyclones coach Matt Campbell said Tuesday .
Hall ran for 154 yards and matched his career high with three touchdowns in a 37 - 34 win at TCU .
: : : : : : : : : :
Can it get any better ?
“ The Maverick ” said :
“ At the center of the problem were the lobbyists , politicians and bureaucrats who succeeded in persuading Congress and the administration to ignore the festering problems at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , ” he said .
“ Using money and influence , they prevented reforms that would have curbed their power and limited their ability to damage our economy .
And now , as ever , the American taxpayers are left to pay the price for Washington ’s failure . ” ( emphasis added by me )
The New York Times :
One of the giant mortgage companies at the heart of the credit crisis paid $ 15,000 a month from the end of 2005 through last month to a firm owned by Senator John McCain ’s campaign manager , according to two people with direct knowledge of the arrangement .
The guy must have been reaping it just until you taxpayers had to bail out Fannie and Freddie .
Plus / Minus a couple of days , maybe .
Of course , “ the Maverick ” lied about that , too .
Again ,
The NYT , same article :
The disclosure undercuts a remark by Mr. McCain on Sunday night that the campaign manager , Rick Davis , had had no involvement with the company for the last several years .
Davis needs to resign .
Now .
And McCain has a lot of splainin ’ to do .
Please go and vote them out of their misery in November !
BEIJING -- Chinese police arrested two men on suspicion of contaminating milk used to produce baby formula with a toxic chemical , as the number of infants reported sickened by the bad milk powder jumped to 1,253 and authorities disclosed a second baby 's death .
Ministry of Health officials said on Monday that two infants had died from kidney problems after ingesting milk powder contaminated with melamine , the same toxic industrial chemical linked to tainted dog food exported to the U.S.
The milk powder was sold by Shijiazhuang Sanlu Group Co. , one of China 's biggest producers , which is 43 % - owned by Fonterra Co-operative Group Ltd. , of New Zealand .
The crisis raises questions about China 's ability to regulate its products even after reforms enacted in the wake of tainted exports of pet food , toothpaste and drugs starting last year .
Government officials have announced a nationwide investigation .
On Monday , local police in Sanlu 's hometown of Shijiazhuang said they had arrested two brothers who had been selling three tons of contaminated milk a day to Sanlu , according to the state - run Xinhua news agency .
The brothers , surnamed Geng , ran a private operation collecting milk from farmers for resale .
They allegedly began putting melamine in their milk late last year , after their milk was rejected by Sanlu " for failing to meet Sanlu 's standards , " Xinhua cited a police spokesman as saying .
Xinhua did n't elaborate , but experts say nitrogen - rich melamine , used to make plastics and fertilizers , is sometimes illegally added to food products to boost their apparent protein levels .
Waiters share insider secrets about restaurant -- from what days to avoid dining out to how much to tip .
1. Avoid eating out on holidays and Saturday nights .
The sheer volume of customers guarantees that most kitchens will be pushed beyond their ability to produce a high - quality dish .
2 .
There are almost never any sick days in the restaurant business .
A busboy with a kid to support is n't going to stay home and miss out on $ 100 because he 's got strep throat .
And these are the people handling your food .
3 . When customers ' dissatisfaction devolves into personal attacks , adulterating food or drink is a convenient way for servers to exact covert vengeance .
Waiters can and do spit in people 's food .
4 . Never say " I 'm friends with the owner . "
Restaurant owners do n't have friends .
This marks you as a clueless poseur the moment you walk in the door .
5 . Treat others as you want to be treated .
( Yes , people need to be reminded of this . ) 6 .
Do n't snap your fingers to get our attention .
Remember , we have shears that cut through bone in the kitchen .
7 .
Do n't order meals that are n't on the menu .
You 're forcing the chef to cook something he does n't make on a regular basis .
If he makes the same entrée 10,000 times a month , the odds are good that the dish will be a home run every time .
8 . Splitting entrées is okay , but do n't ask for water , lemon , and sugar so you can make your own lemonade .
What 's next , grapes so you can press your own wine ?
9 .
If you find a waiter you like , always ask to be seated in his or her section .
Tell all your friends so they 'll start asking for that server as well .
You 've just made that waiter look indispensable to the owner .
The server will be grateful and take good care of you .10 .
If you can't afford to leave a tip , you can't afford to eat in the restaurant .
Servers could be giving 20 to 40 percent to the busboys , bartenders , maître d' , or hostess .
11 .
Always examine the check .
Sometimes large parties are unaware that a gratuity has been added to the bill , so they tip on top of it .
Waiters " facilitate " this error .
It 's dishonest , it 's wrong - and I did it all the time .
12 .
If you want to hang out , that 's fine .
But increase the tip to make up for money the server would have made if he or she had had another seating at that table .
13 .
Never , ever come in 15 minutes before closing time .
The cooks are tired and will cook your dinner right away .
So while you 're chitchatting over salads , your entrées will be languishing under the heat lamp while the dishwasher is spraying industrial - strength , carcinogenic cleaning solvents in their immediate vicinity .
We hiked back to the sleds , where the dogs were barking with their usual inexplicable passion .
They had just spent two days hauling the 700 - pound sleds up to the summit of the pass , without any idea of where they were going or why , and now they were jumping up and down , straining at their harnesses , desperately hoping to .
. . pull the sleds some more !
As they happily raced off in pursuit of Schurke , I was marveling at their beastly simple - mindedness until it struck me that we were doing the same thing : eagerly hauling gear across the mountains in pursuit of Schurke for no immediately obvious reason .
Was this what he meant by team - building -- building us into a team of sled dogs ?
Mawson , the young alpha male dog who ran at the front of the lead team and fought off any dog who got near his food or a female in heat , was motivated by the same imperatives that evolutionary biologists ascribe to explorers : food and sex .
Exploration , like war , is a high - risk activity traditionally carried out by males , particularly young single males with the least status and access to food or sexual partners .
They are primed by their hormones ( and by cultural traditions requiring young men to prove their courage ) to take risks and endure the hardships of leaving home because their survival has depended on finding new lands and resources so that they can win wives and feed children .
The classic explanation for exploration , '' Because it 's there , '' could be more accurately phrased , '' Because I ca n't get it here . ''
Today , even though there are no new lands or resources to exploit -- you need a special permit to hunt musk oxen -- the male biological impulses remain .
The explornography business taps into these impulses , and men respond as automatically as the sled dogs .
When I asked the guys on our trip why they had come , they tended to talk about the need to prove themselves as tough as the old explorers .
'' You feel like such a wimp when you read journals from Starvation Camp , '' Lon said .
'' We 're complaining about light sleeping bags in May , and they were shivering through the winter in bags of wet , rotting reindeer hide . ''
He reminisced fondly about the rigors of Vietnam and said that he got the same sort of satisfaction out of his Arctic trips ( especially the all - male ones ) .
Once , when Lon and I were by ourselves , slowly trudging along on skis , he threw up his arms and shouted : '' You know why I do this ?
At this moment I feel alive !''
Part of me thought he looked ridiculous -- he was an even worse skier than I -- and part of me knew exactly how he felt .
There were , however , some obvious problems with the male / sled - dog theory of explornography .
It did not account for the four women on our expedition .
They did n't talk as much about proving themselves -- they said they had come more to be with the dogs and see wildlife -- but on the whole they were easily as competent as the men .
Julia patiently taught the guys in her group how to ski faster .
( Now that I needed instruction , she no longer seemed like an evil drill sergeant . )
The sled - dog theory also failed to account for our alpha male .
Schurke may have had the Right Stuff , but he did n't like high testosterone levels on the trail .
'' I always try hard to include women on the expeditions , '' he said .
'' When it 's all guys , they form cliques and the he -men make fun of the wimps .
They start hooting and hollering like it 's fraternity rush week and taking crazy risks -- skiing across thin sea ice , hiking across glaciers without checking for crevasses .
When there are women , the group dynamics are completely different .
The trips are much happier and healthier .
If the old explorers had brought women with them to the Arctic , the body count would have been a lot lower . ''
Today 's explorers no longer set out to acquire territory , subdue nature or tame savages ( or , like Peary , father children by the native women ) .
They go forth in the name of saving the environment , protecting indigenous cultures , building teams and finding personal enlightenment .
Peary was a proud imperialist who claimed the North Pole for America ; Schurke and Steger talked about global unity and the problems of the poor .
Steger later wrote how , thanks to the diarrhea that debilitated him for most of the trip , '' I gained a deeper understanding of the frailty of the human body and I felt greater empathy for people the world over for whom hunger and ill health are daily facts of life . ''
When we camped in the saddle of Sverdrup Pass , I conducted my daily inventory of woes -- besides the sprained thumb , I now had blisters on my heels and a black toenail about to fall off -- and found that I was still unable to feel any greater empathy with the third world .
Still , I was becoming more sympathetic to the idea of low - testosterone exploration .
After dinner , Julia put on a hilarious one - woman show , playing the great Norwegian explorer Fridtjof Nansen and his traveling companion , Hjalmar Johansen , as they made their manly way across the Arctic 's ice floes in 1895 .
After two years together , they still were n't on a first - name basis and used the formal form of '' you . ''
Julia played them with puffed - out chests , talking in the Norwegian equivalent of an Apollo astronaut 's monotone :
'' Mr. Johansen , it seems my chronometer has stopped .
Do you have the time ? ''
'' Why , Mr. Nansen , my chronometer has also stopped .
Now we have no way to determine our position . ''
Adam Savage 's widely circulated YouTube video account of a pack of credit card industry giants pummeling Discovery Channel into deep - sixing a Mythbusters investigation aimed at RFID is now taking more of a beating than Buster the dummy absorbs on a typical episode of the show .
And the knockout blow of that beating is coming from Savage himself .
( 2011's 25 Geekiest 25th Anniversaries )
In the video taken at a July hacker conference , Savage says :
Here 's what happened -- I 'm not sure how much of this story I 'm allowed to tell -- but I 'll tell you what I know .
We were going to do RFID -- on several levels : how reliable , how hackable , how trackable , etc. -- and one of our researchers called up Texas Instruments and they arranged a conference call ... with one of the technicians at Texas Instruments .
... Texas Instruments comes on along with chief legal counsel for American Express , VISA , Discover ( Card ) , and everybody else .
They absolutely made it really clear to Discovery that they were not going to air this episode talking about how hackable this stuff was .
Discovery backed way down , being a large corporation that depends upon the revenue of the advertisers .
Now that ( topic is ) on Discovery 's radar and they wo n't let us go near it .
I 'm sorry , it 's just one of those things .
Savage 's incendiary accusation went relatively unnoticed at the time , but caught fire on the Internet over the Labor Day weekend fanned by prominent placement on forums such as Slashdot and Digg .
Now it 's beginning to appear as though Savage was considerably less knowledgeable about what transpired than he let on , although how much of his backtracking is backside - covering will be left open to speculation ( in which I 'll indulge shortly ) .
Here 's a statement today from Savage :
" There 's been a lot of talk about this RFID thing , and I have to admit that I got some of my facts wrong , as I was n't on that story , and as I said on the video , I was n't actually in on the call , " he said in the statement CNET reported was provided by the Discovery Channel .
" Texas Instruments ' account of their call with Grant and our producer is factually correct .
If I went into the detail of exactly why this story did n't get filmed , it 's so bizarre and convoluted that no one would believe me , but suffice to say ... the decision not to continue on with the RFID story was made by our production company , Beyond Productions , and had nothing to do with Discovery , or their ad sales department . "
Discovery Channel has failed to respond to repeated e-mail and phone inquiries .
( Update 10:51 p.m. : Discovery Channel just got around to sending me the same statement ... Do I sound happy ? )
The Texas Instruments account Savage refers to in his statement was also offered in response to my Tuesday inquiry by that company 's public relations department ... and portions of it can be read below .
But first there are apparently other details that Savage got wrong , namely the players involved in the allegedly nefarious phone call .
Jon Drummond , a PR guy at Discover Financial Services , tells me : " The statement that Discover participated in the call that was mentioned in the video is incorrect .
Discover legal counsel did not participate in any such call .
We would appreciate it if you could correct the record in your article , especially since your blog is bound to increase views of that footage . "
An American Express spokesperson reacted similarly : " We looked into it and we did not participate in the meeting described by Mr. Savage . "
According to Texas Instruments , the Smart Card Alliance did participate in that call , and I asked its executive director , Randy Vanderhoof , whether his group or a member of it put pressure on Discovery Channel .
He says in an e-mail reply ( necessitated by my commitment to a meeting ) :
" The Smart Card Alliance was enthusiastic and the industry was ready to support the program .
We want people to feel comfortable with the security of RF - enabled contactless payments and having an independent body like Mythbusters test it was a great opportunity .
The technical phone call that we had to scope out the project with payments industry members from the Smart Card Alliance answered questions and discussed contactless payment security at the card and at the system level . "
And here 's what Texas Instruments sent in response to my questions to them on Tuesday :
" In June 2007 , MythBusters was interested in pursuing some great myth busting ideas for RFID .
While in pursuit , they contacted Texas Instruments ' RFID Systems , who is a pioneer of RFID and contactless technology , for technical help and understanding of RFID in the contactless payments space .
Some of the information that was needed to pursue the program required further support from the contactless payment companies as they construct their own proprietary systems for security to protect their customers .
To move the process along , Texas Instruments coordinated a conversation with Smart Card Alliance ( SCA ) who invited MasterCard and Visa , on contactless payments to help MythBusters get the right information .
Of the handful of people on the call , there were mostly product managers and only one contactless payment company 's legal counsel member .
Technical questions were asked and answered and we were to wait for MythBusters to let us know when the segment would air .
A few weeks later , Texas Instruments was told by MythBusters that the storyline had changed and they were pursuing a different angle which did not require our help . "
So what really happened ?
You can take the corporate spokespeople at their words ... no , really , you can , since Savage has all but said he suffered some sort of brain cramp .
However , having spent 30 years in the news business , I 'm not quite so sure that the funnyman Mythbuster simply woke up on the wrong side of the bed the day he spilled his guts to a roomful of geeks while a video camera rolled .
Would n't surprise me in the least if the truth actually lies somewhere between Savage 's moment of unguarded / ill - informed candor and subsequent change of tune .
It 's exactly the kind of mystery that Mythbusters might ... uh , never mind .
For most of us , security issues happen to " other people " — we block popup ads , we carefully examine dialog boxes and , for those of us on the Mac platform , we snicker when confronted with something that attempts to mimic a Windows system warning .
But everyone knows that they are exceptional — what 's the behavior of a more typical user like ?
Some researchers have tested how college students respond to fake dialog boxes in browser popup windows and found that the students are so anxious to get the dialog out of the way , they click right through obvious warning signs .
The authors , who work in the Psychology Department of North Carolina State University , crafted a set of four fake dialog boxes .
All of them contained the following warning : " The instruction at '0x77f41d24 referenced memory at ' 0x595c2a4 c . '
The memory could not be ' read . '
Click OK to terminate program . "
One of the warnings was indistinguishable from the standard Windows XP system dialog , but the remaining three were had a number of warning signs that should tip off users to potential malware .
In all cases , mousing over the " OK " button would cause the cursor to turn into a hand button , behavior more typical of a browser control ; all dialogs also had minimize and maximize buttons , while a second added a browser status bar to the bottom of the window .
Finally , the most blatant one alternated between black text and a white background and a white - on - black theme .
All of these should metaphorically scream , " This is not safe ! "
The researchers then created a Flash application that would mimic loading a series of medical websites .
They told a panel of 42 college students that they were supposed to watch as the sites loaded and then would be asked a series of questions about the sites .
Instead , the fake dialogs were loaded in a random order and the users ' responses were tracked .
Of the 42 students , 26 clicked the OK button for the " real " dialog .
But 25 clicked the same button for two of the fakes , and 23 hit OK on the third ( the one with the status bar showing ) .
Only nine of them closed the window — two fewer than had closed the real dialog .
In all cases , a few of the users simply minimized the window or dragged it out of the way , presumably leaving the machine 's next user at risk .
Even this warning might not have helped
The response time , which tracked how long it took the users to perform any action , was not significantly different among the different dialogs , indicating that there was n't even any thought expended on evaluating the fakes .
Follow - up questions revealed that the students seemed to find any dialog box a distraction from their assigned task ; nearly half said that all they cared about was getting rid of these dialogs .
The results suggest that a familiarity with Windows dialogs have bred a degree of contempt and that users simply do n't care what the boxes say anymore .
The authors suggest that user training might help more people recognize the risks involved with fake popups and the diagnostic signs of genuine Windows dialogs , but the fact that the students did n't appear to spend any more time evaluating the fake dialogs raises questions as to whether education is enough .
The study will appear in the Proceedings of the Human Factors and Ergonomics Society .
Commentary by Dr. Philip Ney
OTTAWA , September 4 , 2008 ( LifeSitenews.com ) - I am a retired professor of psychiatry , having taught in 5 universities in different parts of Canada , Hong Kong and New Zealand .
I have also run child and adolescent psychiatric units .
I have been on school boards .
It is from a review of the literature and from my experience that I write this brief opinion .
1 ) There is no particular need for " sex education . "
For many centuries there was no sex education , yet children were conceived and their parents enjoyed the process .
Discovery of each other and what is pleasant in bed , on the wedding night and thereafter , is an important part of the exciting and unique pleasure that bonds the couple .
2 ) Sex education inhibits pair bonding .
To educate young people about something that comes naturally robs them of the spontaneity and joy of sex that is vitally important for pair bonding and thus family stability .
3 ) The more sex education , the more sexual self - consciousness .
There is substantial evidence that the more sex education , especially on technique , the more the couple is sexually inhibited .
The greater the emphasis on sexual performance , the less communication and interpersonal intimacy there is .
4 ) The more sex education , the more sexual activity .
It is quite conclusive now , that the more sex education , the more sexual activity and all the problems that go with that .
The introduction of sex education is well correlated with the increase in abortion , STDs and boy - girl interpersonal problems .
Good education gives people the desire to try it out or learn more experientially .
Paradoxically , in that respect , current forms of sex education are good education but have the wrong results .
5 ) The earlier the sex education , the younger children explore sex and try various sexual techniques .
Present evidence makes it possible to also conclude that the earlier the sex education , the earlier the sexual behavior .
Thus sexual education is sexual titillation .
6 ) In preventing disease and pregnancy , sex education has been a failure .
Sex education has had the opposite effect in preventing young people from engaging in " risky sexual behavior . "
7 ) The idea of " safe sex " has failed .
Frightening children with the dangers of " unprotected sex " , drugs , fast driving , alcohol , etc. for many children has the paradoxical effect of increasing their interest in trying it .
8 ) The reliance on condoms has been dangerously misleading .
There are sexually transmitted diseases ( eg. Human Papilloma Virus ) for which condoms offer no protection .
The most effective use of the best condoms offers 87 % protection from lethal HIV , transmitted by anal intercourse .
Condom use has failed particularly in Africa .
Condom use creates the false impression of safety , thus encouraging sex , when there is a 13 % ( at least ) chance of dying as a result .
9 ) There is nothing in sex education that cannot be part of a more effective general health education .
Everything of value in sex education can be integrated with the necessary knowledge of how the body and mind work .
We found that by using the young person ’s curiosity and letting them discover how their heart , lungs etc. work , gives them a natural desire to protect something very precious - their body and mind .
10 ) The sex industry profits from sex education .
There is an enormous sex industry that financially profits from natural biological drives and makes billions on fashions , condoms , contraceptives , etc .
It is understandable they contribute to the sex problems .
11 ) Sex education creates mind absorbing conflicts and preoccupations .
Exposing children to sexual titillation ( sex education ) creates conflicts and preoccupations that interfere with their mental health , education and personal development .
12 ) Sex education tends to result in mental images that interfere with the appreciation of nature and art .
13 ) No sex education teaches the beauty and hazards of pair bonding .
To my knowledge there is no sex education program that informs kids about inadvertent pair bonding .
Humans are made one flesh through sex .
Thus many kinds of sexual behaviour create life long pair bonds .
These interfere with the intimacy and durability of a later committed marriage .
Statistics indicate that the more " premarital " sex the more extramarital sex .
14 ) Many kinds of sex education , including " chastity " education , leave a young person with the impression that any kind of sex except vaginal intercourse is okay when it is not .
To visit Dr. Ney ’s website :
www.messengers2.com
Advertisements
Stephen Spoonamore , he is the founder and a former CEO of Cybrit LLC a cyber - security firm that services Fortune 100 Companies , former adviser to McCain , and a leading cyber - security expert .
Spoonamore says that he has new evidence pertaining to the tampering of Diebold electronic voting machines in two Georgia counties , during the 2002 gubernatorial and senatorial elections .
Spoonamore received a Diebold path from a source close to the office of Cathy Cox who at the time was Georgia ’s Secretary of State .
The source whishes to remain anonymous sighting fears of retaliation ( as told to RAW STORY ) .
The reasons for suspicions were first the Diebold CEO Bob Urosevich flew personal from Texas to install a patch that was to correct a problem pertaining to a clock error .
However , the patch was just applied to electronic voting machines in just two of the 159 counties in the state of Georgia .
The other reason was that the patch had failed to fix the clock problem that it was designed to address .
Advertisements
Many critics of electronic voting machines in Georgia raised questions about the lack of a paper trail and the discrepancy between the electronic voting machining results and the polling , which had at the time the incumbent Democratic Senator leading the Republican challenger by 5 points .
Also in the gubernatorial race , the polls had the incumbent Democratic leading by 11 points by in the election losing 51 % to 46 % , with Diebold machines being used in all the counties in Georgia , and the machines in two counties that are Democratic strongholds .
Spoonamore said that the patch contained nothing to fix a clock error , but instead contained code for two parallel programs ; Spoonamore could elaborate more signing that he does not have access to the electronic voting machines , and with out seeing how the code acted in those machines it is all speculation .
Spoonamore had over the evidence and a copy of his report to the Cyber - Security Division of the Department of Justice , the Department of Justice has not yet committed or acted ( since Friday ) on the Spoonamore findings .
So some of you may ask what a patch is .
A patch is a change to the executable program , or machine code to either fix a problem or add a new feature .
Both modifies the program that the path is applied too , and both can cause new problems to pop up .
All of you reading this have applied patches on your machines , those critical updates that the computer vendor put out to fix security issues .
You would never expect to see Bill Gates dropping your house to install a patch would you ; so then why would the Diebold CEO ?
In addition , in case you think there is no hanky panky going on with the GOP and Diebold the former Ohio Secretary of State Republican Ken Blackwell owned stock in Diebold along with many other Republican elected officials .
By Shah Gilani
Contributing Editor
Unlike Dorothy in " The Wizard of Oz , " the brutalized U.S. banking system will never again return to that comfortable , cozy , and cushy capital place it once happily referred to as " home . "
But its " Wicked Witch " was its own greed .
The curtain has finally been pulled back on the machinery , and the hot air used to pump up the U.S. banking system ’s version of the Emerald City in the Land of Oz .
For decades , American banks operated on a simple – and nicely profitable – business model :
They took in deposits and lent out money .
In the simplest model , a bank might take in deposits of a million dollars and lend out a million dollars .
In a perfect world , such a " matched book " is established if they know that the deposit will be left in the bank for a year and the loan they made has a maturity of one year .
If the bank pays the depositor 3 % and charges the loan borrower 5 % , it can assume a profit for the year of 2 % ( the difference between the 5 % loan rate and the 3 % payout to depositors ) .
It Takes Money to Make Money – Disappear
In order to make more money , banks need more money to lend .
In addition to taking in deposits , banks borrow money to make more loans , to buy assets to keep on their balance sheets , and to trade in the markets .
They get this money by offering products such as certificates of deposits ( CDs ) to entice depositors to bank with them , they borrow overnight in the Feds Funds market ( from other banks ) , they sell commercial paper backed by their balance sheets to investors , they get capital from profitable trades and investments , and they generate fees for their banking services .
The problem is that banks do n't just take in money in order to lend it out ; they take in money to make more money with it by investing and , yes , speculating .
On the deposit - and - loan side of the equation , banks do n't even bother trying to run a matched book anymore .
They borrow short and lend long .
This works well if their short - term borrowing costs are substantially lower than their long - term lending rates .
But if short - term rates start to rise , banking profits in the borrow - and - lend game start to get squeezed .
And if short - term rates shift so much that they ’re actually higher than the interest rates the banks are charging on their long - term loans , banks actually start to lose money .
Banking - system executives are fully aware of these interest - rate dynamics .
Indeed , they knowingly speculate on interest - rate movements by not running matched books , and trying to increase their spread profits by borrowing as short as they can and lending for as long as they can .
The bottom line : Banks actually are speculating on interest - rate movements .
Speculating on the Health of the U.S. Banking System
If you did n't already know that banks speculate , you 're about to be really surprised .
All the money that is not lent out to borrowers floats around in what 's known as the bank 's " treasury . "
The job of the people who work in the treasury is to make money with the cash that 's sitting around .
To a banker , idle cash is no better than idle hands – both are regarded as the devil ’s playthings .
There ’s some merit to that argument .
After all , no one actually makes money with idle cash :
It has to be put to work , lent out , used as investment capital or , of course , used as trading capital in speculative deals .
Banks lend treasury funds overnight – and for short periods – to other banks , and to such non-banking institutions as insurance companies , corporate clients , securities broker - dealers , and investment banks ( investment banks do not take in deposits and are therefore not the same as commercial banks , nor are they regulated by the same supervisory bodies that oversee commercial banking operations ) .
For banks , the problem in making these loans is one of " counterparty risk " – will the borrower be able to pay the funds back ?
Banks have become very wary of counterparty risk and have drastically cut back their lending to many traditional types of borrowers .
Instead , banks invest in assets , including government bonds , corporate bonds , mortgage bonds , currencies and derivatives .
Some investments actually end up on banks ’ books because they have deals to hold assets they are not able to syndicate ( sell pieces of to other bank partners ) .
And sometimes banks hold assets so that they can profit as these holdings appreciate in value .
( Of course , stating that a bank is " holding assets as investments " is actually just a polite way of saying that it is speculating ) .
The Bottom Is n’t Yet Within Sight
Lately , banks have been holding mortgage bonds and similar financial instruments in so - called " off - balance - sheet " entities .
By doing this , the bank essentially takes assets off its books ( which are visible to investors and regulators ) and places them inside a special holding company , where they now will be out of sight .
Why would a bank do this ?
Simple .
Banks are hiding risky assets so that their " books " and balance sheets look better .
Truth be told , there ’s no reason for off - balance - sheet entities .
Period .
They ’re nothing more than a means for a fraudulent conveyance .
Banks trade – a lot .
They buy and sell government bonds , currencies , derivatives and whatever else their charter allows them to trade .
Banks trade billions and billions of dollars every day .
They are speculating .
Particularly in the U.S. banking system , what has happened is that banks have over - speculated across the board .
And the losses that have resulted have severely reduced their available capital .
This means that they have less money to lend and will be much more strict with prospective borrowers , exacting tougher loan terms and demanding higher creditworthiness before agreeing to make any loans .
As banks lose money – something I expect will continue for perhaps the next several quarters – their stock prices will continue to fall , reducing their equity capital ( which is what regulators look at to determine their stability ) .
Banks keep raising capital via investments from sovereign wealth funds and through preferred and common rights offerings .
And still their losses continue .
They have to keep going back to the well .
Sooner or later , this capital - markets well will have to run dry .
There are going to be bank failures and we will see the doctrine of " too big to fail " tested yet again , as a major bank sinks into the abyss ( the failure of The Bear Stearns Cos. Inc. ( BSC ) was a test and the subsequent central - bank - led bailout seems to have proved that it was too big to fail ) .
To understand this crisis is to first understand what 's wrong with banks .
We cannot come out of this credit crisis if we do not repair the damage to the commercial lenders in the U.S. banking system .
And by " repair , " I ’m talking about fixing their credibility and integrity just as much as I am referring to the need to restore their capital base .
This country is the capitalist behemoth that it is because of our banking system .
Where are the regulators ?
Where is Congress ?
Where are the outraged stockholders and borrowers ?
Will it take a banking - system collapse and a run by depositors to get these problems addressed and fixed ?
Until the banks are fixed , avoid all financials – especially commercial banks and investment banks .
Stay short on the dollar .
Short the major stock indexes .
If you have to remain long in equities , sell calls on a rolling basis .
The next stop on the Dow Jones Industrial Average is likely a test of 10,000 .
[ Editor ’s Note : Contributing Editor R. Shah Gilani – and his column , " Inside Wall Street " – are brand - new additions to the Money Morning lineup .
Gilani brings readers the ultimate insider ’s view :
He ’s toiled in the trading pits in Chicago , run trading desks in New York , operated as a broker / dealer and managed everything from hedge funds to currency accounts .
His self - professed goal is to take readers on a journey through the " shadowy back alleys " of the U.S. capital markets – and past the " velvet rope " that typically keeps the average investor from learning the secrets that sit beyond , just out of reach . ]
News and Related Story Links :
Investopedia :
Counterparty Risk .
One of the biggest reasons most Windows users are sticking with Firefox over Google Chrome is its extensibility — and the most popular Firefox extension by far among Lifehacker readers is Adblock Plus .
If annoying web site advertisements are the only thing holding you back from using Chrome , a user at the Geekzone forums explains how to block 'em without an extension .
In short , you use the free Privoxy web proxy software , which blocks web sites serving ads , and configure Google Chrome to use the proxy .
Here 's how to do it .
Download and install Privoxy Click on the Wrench icon in Chrome in the upper right corner .
Choose options > Under The Hood > Change proxy settings .
In the Internet Properties dialog 's Connections tab , click on the LAN settings button .
Check off " Proxy settings " and in the address setting add 127.0.0.1 and in the port 8118 .
If you have the option , you can also check off " Bypass proxy for local settings " .
Click " OK , " close Chrome and restart it .
Privoxy 's default installation blocks ads from coming through it , so from there you 'll notice ad - free web pages .
After I installed Privoxy I got an error going to Gmail , but a refresh fixed the problem .
However , I 'm still seeing Google text ads in Gmail at least .
Have you given Privoxy a try for ad blocking ?
Let us know how it went in the comments .
Thanks , xint !
Advertisement
Adblock for Chrome [ Geekzone ]
( Hat tip , Jacki )
Yesterday , Kissinger .
Today , Bono .
That should really burnish to her foreign policy expertise .
While Palin is learning foreign policy by photo op , Joe Biden , the Chair of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , is actually delivering a major speech on foreign policy .
Via email , we ’re told “ Biden will lay out the key foreign policy challenges facing our nation , and the reasons Barack Obama offers the leadership and judgment necessary to meet them . ”
Again , Palin will be meeting with Bono ( who always seems to inject himself into American politics . )
But , do n’t forget , Palin already has that special bond with Ireland .
Link of the day - Who Is Shawn Casey ?
Is He For Real ?
ADELAIDE , Australia --
Hymns are being replaced at funerals in one Australian city by popular rock classics like Led Zeppelin 's " Stairway to Heaven " and AC / DC's " Highway to Hell , " a cemetery manager said Wednesday .
At Centennial Park , the largest cemetery and crematorium in the southern city of Adelaide , only two hymns still rank among its top 10 most popular funeral songs : " Amazing Grace " and " Abide With Me . "
Leading the funeral chart is crooner Frank Sinatra 's classic hit " My Way , " followed by Louis Armstrong 's version of " Wonderful World , " a statement said .
The Led Zeppelin and AC / DC rock anthems rank outside the top 10 , but have gained ground in recent years as more Australians give up traditional Christian hymns .
" Some of the more unusual songs we hear actually work very well within the service because they represent the person 's character , " Centennial Park chief executive Bryan Elliott said .
Among other less conventional choices were " Always Look on the Bright Side of Life " by the Monty Python comedy team , " Ding Dong the Witch is Dead , " " Hit the Road Jack , " " Another One Bites the Dust " and " I'll Sleep When I 'm Dead . "
[ Via - SeattlePI.Com ]
Judge reduces trust fund for Leona Helmsley 's dog
Are you a person the world should know about ?
The Craziest Way To Buy A Lobster
Data Fudging 101 . The History Of US Government Statistics Manipulation
10 Best Books About Human Irrationality
Replace the usual underline text decoration of links while on hover
I used a small animated gif arrow image as my underline for the links when hover , .
( size of image depends on you , just make it sure it is small and will look like a line when on repeat - x )
this is the image i used ( the size is 10x5 ) ..
you can do this on all links on your entire site or just a section of your site links only ..
this code is for navbar links only
a.topt:hover , a:visited.topt:hover , a:link.topt:hover , a.toptsel: hover , a:visited.toptsel:hover , a:link.toptsel:hover {
text - decoration : none ;
padding - bottom : 2 px ;
background : url( image_url_here ) repeat-x bottom ;
}
this code is for entire links ..
a:hover , a : visited : hover , a: link : hover {
text - decoration : none ;
padding - bottom : 2 px ;
background : url( image_url_here ) repeat-x bottom ;
}
just choose a proper selector where you want to apply this ..
you can adjust the padding to place it at the top ( as overline ) , bottom ( underline ) or midlle ( like strike - through ) ..
value of text - decoration must be none ..
NOTE : if you use the second code .. all links will have that underline image , . including photos
in album , thumbnails ( if sets in thumbnails ) and all headshot links ..
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
if you want the usual text decoration , here are some you can use , .
Value's of text decoration
text - decoration : underline ;
text - decoration : overline ;
text - decoration : linethrough ;
text - decoration : blink ;
text - decoration : underline overline ;
See original article at Multiply Themes , Layouts and Tutorials site
Related Posts by Categories
Hoctro | Jack Book Widget by
Marketing a website is n't particularly difficult .
It 's usually just a matter of knowing what to do , how to do it and having the skills and time to get it done .
With that said , marketing a website is n't particularly easy either .
There are so many factors and variables in play that at any given time that the job can be quite overwhelming .
Obviously I can't address the issue of whether or not you have the skills or time , but I can help you out with the " what to do " piece of the puzzle .
I 've always been a lover of checklists , especially when it comes to getting things done .
Especially when it comes to remembering what things need to be done !
So over the last several years I 've been putting together checklists for all kinds of things pertaining to website marketing .
Below is my master website marketing checklist covering over 400 specific items over 23 topics .
These topics include things such as website development , SEO , usability , accessibility , etc .
This list does n't cover any " how tos , " which are essential ingredients to successful online marketing , but sometimes you need to first know what to do so you can then discover how to do it .
For the sake of brevity , I have kept each check point to its briefest form providing very little explanation .
I do n't cover why any particular item is included , how important it might be , or what it even means .
This is just the checklist in its rawest form .
Over the next couple of weeks I 'll provide some additional explanation and insights to the lists below .
And since this list is always a work in progress , any additional thoughts and insights are welcome .
I 'm always adding and removing things as I see fit .
Which brings me to one more note : many items are included here based purely on my own preferences and by no means constitute an absolute truth or necessity .
Domain name & URLs ( click heading for additional details )
Short and memorable
Uses Keywords
Used in email addresses
Uses Favicon
Site.com redirect to www .
version :
Alternate Domain redirects
Home page redirect to root
No underscores in filenames
Keywords in directory names
Multiple pages per directory
Registered for 5 + years Multiple versions :
.com
.org
.
net
.biz
Hyphenations
Misspellings
Product names
Brand names
Type - in keywords URLs
Browser issues ( click heading for additional details )
Visible address bar
Fully functional navigation tools
Visible status bar Site works in multiple browsers
No browser hi-jacking
Site logo ( click heading for additional details )
Displays company name clearly
Is n't hidden among clutter
Links to home page Unique and original
Use tagline consistently across site
Design considerations ( click heading for additional details )
Instant site identification
Crisp , clean image quality
Clean , clutter - less design
Consistent colors and type
Whitespace usage
Minimal distractions
Targets intended audience
Meets industry best practices
Easy to navigate
Descriptive links
Good on - page organization
Easy to find phone number
Do n't link screen captures
Skip option for flash
Consistent page formatting
No / minimal on - page styling
Avoid text in images
Font size is adequate
Font type is friendly
Paragraphs not too wide
Visual cues to important elements
Good overall contrast
Low usage of animated graphics
Uses obvious action objects
Avoid requiring plugins
Minimize the use of graphics
Understandable graphic file names
No horizontal scrolling
Non-busy background
Recognizable look and feel
Proper image / text padding
Uses trust symbols
Works on variety of resolutions
Works on variety of screen widths
Architectural issues ( click heading for additional details )
Correct robots .
txt file
Declare doctype in HTML
Validate HTML
Do n't use frames
Alt tag usage on images
Custom 404 error page
Printer friendly
Underlined links
Differing link text color
Breadcrumb usage
Nofollow cart links
Robots .
txt non-user pages
Nofollow non-important links
Review noindex usage
Validate CSS
Check broken links
No graphics for ON / YES , etc .
Page size less than 50 K Flat directory structure
Proper site hierarchy
Unique titles on all pages
Title reflects page info and heading
Unique descriptions on pages
No long - tail page descriptions
Proper bulleted list formats
Branded titles
No code bloat
Minimal use of tables
Nav uses absolute links
Good anchor text
Text can be resized
Key concepts are emphasized
CSS less browsing
Image - less browsing
Summarize all tables
Navigation ( click heading for additional details )
Located top or top-left
Consistent throughout site
Links to Home page
Links to Contact Us page
Links to About Us page
Simple to use
Indicates current page
Links to all main sections
Proper categorical divisions
Non-clickable is obvious
Accurate description text Links to Login
Provides Logout link
Uses
Alt attribute in images
No pop -up windows
No new window links
Do not rely on rollovers
Avoid cascading menus
Keep scent from page to page
Targets expert and novice users
Absolute links
Content ( click heading for additional details )
Grabs visitor attention
Exposes need
Demonstrates importance
Ties need to benefits
Justifies and calls to action
Gets to best stuff quickly
Reading level is appropriate
Customer focused
Benefits and features
Targets personas
Provides reassurances
Answers WIIFM Consistent voice
Eliminate superfluous text
Reduce / explain industry jargon
No typo , spelling or grammar errors
Contains internal contextual links
Links out to authoritative sources
Enhancing keyword usage ( SEO )
Date published on articles / news
Web version of PDF docs available
Consistent use of phrasing
No unsubstantiated statements
Content Appearance ( click heading for additional details )
Short paragraphs
Uses sub - headings
Uses bulleted lists
Calls to action on all pages
Good contrast
No overly small text for body
No overly small text for headings
Skimmable and scannable
Keep link options in close proximity
Links and buttons ( click heading for additional details )
Limit the number of links on a page
Avoid small buttons and tiny text for links
Leave space between links and buttons
Avoid using images as the only link Link important commands
Underline all links
Accurately reflects the page it refers
Home page ( click heading for additional details )
No splash page
Instant page identification
Provides overview of site Site purpose is clear
Robot meta : NOODP , NOYDIR
About Us page ( click heading for additional details )
Adequately describes company
Shows team biographies
Shows mission statement
Up to date information
Note associations , certifications & awards
Links to support pages :
Contact page Investor relations
Company news
Registration info
Job opportunities
Newsletters
Link to social media profiles
Contact
Us page ( click heading for additional details )
Easy to find
Multiple contact options :
Phone
Fax
Email
Form
Chat
Customer feedback
Street map
Hours of operation
Final call to action Multiple points of contact :
Customer service
Tech support
Inquiries
General info
Job applications
Billing
Management team
Ad-free
Form requires only essential info
E -Commerce considerations ( click heading for additional details )
Mini -product basket always available
Displays payment options :
CC
Paypal
Google Checkout
No multiple paths to dupe product pages
No tracking IDs in URLs
Exclude shopping cart pages
No ( or nofollowed ) links to secure pages
Keep secure cert current
Product pages ( click heading for additional details )
Visible calls to action
Clear contact info ( phone #)
Consistent layout
Clear pricing
Show additional fees
Clear product presentation
Show shipping cost
Show availability
Provide delivery options , details
Estimate delivery date
Link to site security info
Return / guarantee info
Allow " save for later "
Related products & up sells
Clear product image
Describe images Enhanced multiple image views
Product description
Product details & specs
Product selection options
Customer product reviews
Product comparisons
Printer - friendly option
" Add to cart " close to item
Secondary " add " button at bottom
Standardized product categorization
Clutter - free page
Provide International pricing
Provide product search
Emphasis brand quality and trust
Compare to offline competitors
Short URLs with keywords
Basket page ( click heading for additional details )
Obvious checkout link
Product descriptions
Product image
Show availability
Updatable quantities
Ability to remove items
Link to products
Product price
Payment options
Promos / vouchers explained
Link to security Link to guarantees
Show delivery costs
Show delivery date
Allow gift options
" Continue shopping " link or options
Show contact information
No advertising / upselling
Do n't keep personal info w/o authorization
Shipping questions answered
International shipping
International address forms
Mini baskets ( click heading for additional details )
Make new products added obvious
Link to full basket page Allow removal of products
Show order total
Checkout process ( click heading for additional details )
No hidden fees
No pre-registration
Keep checkout process short
Show benefits of registration :
Faster checkout in future
Access to order history
Check order status
Saved for later information
Access to special promotions
Personalization
Joining a community
Show checkout progress meter
Effective after - order follow - up
Receipt / Confirmation : Printable
Emailed
Thank you message
Order number
Order date
Items purchased
Expected delivery date
Payment method
Cancellation policy
How to cancel
Return policy
Address return costs
After - sale guarantees
Login & My Account pages ( click heading for additional details )
Easy to find login access
Use security protocols
Provide security assurances
Link for new registrations
Outline account benefits
Reclaim lost password option
" Remember me " option
Link to privacy policy
Logged - in status is clear
Account info change access
Confirmation of change info Links to financial info
Transaction history
Invoices
Balances
Payment methods
Choose method of delivery :
Text email
HTML email
Snail mail
Overnight
Etc .
Help and FAQ pages ( click heading for additional details )
Avoid marketing hype
Allow Help search
Provide printable text
Link to additional resources : User guides
Product support
Customer support
Downloads
Forms and errors ( click heading for additional details )
Flexible entry requirements
Allow for tabbing between fields
Proper tab order
Clear field labels
Text label above field box
Only require necessary information
Minimal instructions
Instructions above field
Friendly error output
Errors obviously indicated
Errors describe remedy
Errors provide contact / help option
Preserve data with errors
Provide pre-selected choices
Do n't overdo choices
Note required fields
Progress indicator
Progress navigation
Remove navigation
Link to privacy information
Final info verification check
Confirmation / thank you page
Stack fields vertically
Proper use of radio buttons
Keep " submit " close to fields
Field boxes adequately wide
No " reset " or " cancel " buttons
Autocomplete=off as necessary
Buttons denote action
Site search ( click heading for additional details )
Located in top - right corner
Search not case sensitive
Properly labeled as " search "
Link to " advanced search "
Forgiving of misspellings
Shows similar products
Shows related items in results
No " no products found "
Provide refinement options
Provide alternate spellings
Provide links to relevant pages
Show search string in results
Do n't place results in tables
Display exact matches first
Display close matches second
Bold query words in results
Display titles with descriptions
No more than 20 results p/ page
Option to increase result p/ page
Link to additional results pages
Privacy and Security pages ( click heading for additional details )
Present info in easy to read format
Make information easily scannable
Provide section summaries
Identify information types collected
Explain how cookies are used Explain how user information will be used
Explain how info will be protected
Provide additional protection tutorials
Link to these pages in footer
Provide links to contact info
Site map ( click heading for additional details )
With just a month before new television shows begin airing for the fall season , pilots and other unaired programs are taking file sharing networks by storm .
More than 10 episodes of highly anticipated shows have leaked online before their air dates , according to torrent - tracking site TorrentFreak .
Leaks have offered sneak peeks at upcoming shows , including time - traveling cop drama Life on Mars , con artist dramedy Leverage and white - collar comedy Do Not Disturb , as well as unaired episodes of fan favorites like Stargate Atlantis .
" The number of leaked pilots and shows is always increasing , " said Eric Garland , CEO of digital media tracking site BigChampagne .
" Pilots started leaking as early as May and June , which is much earlier than usual and it will continue . "
Welcome to the dawning age of the " pre-air " season , where shows bubble up online several months before their debut on network television .
- The leaks extend to some of TV's most highly anticipated new shows .
In
June , the first episode of J.J. Abrams ' supernatural show Fringe ( pictured ) surfaced on file sharing networks – three months before its scheduled premiere .
HBO 's Southern vampire drama True Blood became available for download through file sharing sites around the same time .
The high quality of the Fringe download , alongside a source tag that identifies the torrent as a DVD screener , has sparked speculation over whether the pilot was intentionally leaked to build early buzz before the show 's broadcast premiere .
Publicity reps for Fringe at Fox and Warner Bros. declined to comment on the pre-air leak of the $ 10 million pilot , beyond a Fox spokeswoman who said the network is " aware of the situation " and " looking into it . "
Requests for comment from HBO , ABC and Sci Fi Channel were not received in time for this article .
BigChampagne 's Garland said he thinks the leaks most likely stem from trigger - happy studio employees who upload copies onto the networking sites .
" As copies are prepared for distribution , some of them will fall into the hands of people who will be unscrupulous about it , " he said .
The founder of TorrentFreak , who goes by Ernesto , agreed , saying he did n't think it was official network policy to distribute shows on P2P networks .
" But I 'm sure they [ do n't ] mind either , " he said .
" I interviewed Jesse Alexander , co-producer of Heroes , he said that his show benefits from BitTorrent . "
Preair leaks are not always a bad thing , said Garland and Ernesto , because pilfered copies can generate hype and build anticipation for shows .
" There is n't always a great number of people who are aware that these leaked show are even online , " said Garland .
" It 's usually a small group , a self - selected audience that tends to be very vocal . "
The trouble comes , Garland says , when a leaked episode is unfinished , or a leaked show is undergoing major rewrites or reshoots .
Having an inferior episode get out into the wild can be a detriment to a show 's popularity .
Even so , says Garland , the solution is n't to play a digital Whac - A - Mole game to try to recover leaked copies , but to work toward better business models that focus on ubiquity of content online to whet demand for the shows when they air .
" The internet does n't like scarcity , so if you try to make it unavailable or only available to some people , the internet will fight it , " said Garland .
" And once something is out , it 's very hard to take it back . "
See also :
* Underwire 2.0 : Jenna Wortham 's Google Reader , FriendFeed * * , Twitter ; The Underwire on Twitter and * Facebook .
Brilliant Noise takes us into the data vaults of solar astronomy .
After sifting through hundreds of thousands of computer files , made accessible via open access archives , Semiconductor have brought together some of the sun ’s finest unseen moments .
These images have been kept in their most raw form , revealing the energetic particles and solar wind as a rain of white noise .
This grainy black and white quality is routinely cleaned up by NASA , hiding the processes and mechanics in action behind the capturing procedure .
Most of the imagery has been collected as single snapshots by ground based observatories and satellites , they are then reorganised into their spectral groups to create time - lapse sequences .
The soundtrack highlights the hidden forces at play upon the solar surface , by directly translating areas of intensity within the image brightness into layers of audio manipulation and radio frequencies .
Thanks to the following solar observatories whose data archives were used in the making of this film : Mount Wilson Observatory UCLA , Lasco / SOHO Naval Research Laboratory , TRACE / LMSAL , Big Bear Solar Observatory / NJIT , SST / Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences , Gong / National Solar Observatory / AURA/NSF
Thanks also to : Steven Christie , Iain Hannah , the CSE team and all at the space sciences Lab.
UC Berkeley .
Brilliant Noise was made during an Arts Council England International Artists Fellowship at the NASA Space Sciences Laboratory , UC Berkeley , California , USA .
Awarded second prize by the Science Film Festival , a Coruna Spain .
2008 .
Awarded second prize at Onion City Experimental Film and Video Festival 2006 .
Awarded Best Video at Experimental Film and Video Festival , Seoul , Korea 2006 .
various installation shots
← Back to all artworks
The heart - breaking moment I realised my mother had cut me off forever , by violin virtuoso Vanessa - Mae
The e-mail finally put paid to any hopes of a reconciliation .
' My daughter is nearly 30 .
That part of my life is well and truly over . '
With a catch in her voice , violin virtuoso Vanessa - Mae reads aloud the cutting rebuttal from her mother .
Once the driving force behind her daughter 's glitteringly successful career , the pair have not spoken since Vanessa sacked Pamela as her manager eight years ago .
Vanessa - Mae 's mother , right , severed all links eight years ago after Vanessa sacked her as manager , and recently refused a reconciliation
The stark statement stunned a TV crew hoping to enlist Pamela 's help in a documentary which investigated whether the violinist 's extraordinary talent - and international fame - as a child prodigy was due to nature or nurture .
Vanessa 's success is breathtaking .
She started playing the piano at three and the violin at five .
Aged just ten , she made her solo debut with the Philharmonia Orchestra in London at the Royal Festival Hall .
She was the youngest soloist ever to record the demanding Beethoven and Tchaikovsky violin concertos when she was 13 .
She was the girl who bridged the classical / popular music divide and became an overnight sensation when pictures of her rising provocatively out of the sea , her diaphanous dress clinging to her wet body , were used on the cover of her first single .
Her record sales have reached ten million copies worldwide .
And in 2006 , the Sunday Times rich list ranked her as the wealthiest entertainer aged under 30 , with an estimated fortune of £ 32 million .
Today her wealth is nearer £ 40 million .
Yet the price she has paid appears almost too much for her to bear , for it shattered her relationship with the mother who drove her to such heights .
Vanessa claims that Pamela , a talented pianist in her own right , was never happy simply to have a daughter - she wanted to bring up a star .
' You 'll never be special to me unless you play the violin ' : the harsh words Vanessa - Mae had to hear from her fiercely ambitious mother
Her mother , she says , used to tell her : ' I love you because you are my daughter , but you 'll never be special to me unless you play the violin . '
Today Vanessa says : ' Reading that e-mail from my mother , I just felt numb .
I guess it confirms something I 've secretly believed for many years now : just being my mother is simply not enough for her . '
Vanessa says her mother did n't believe she should have a life outside music .
Born in Singapore , Vanessa moved to London at the age of three and her mother began marshalling her daughter 's musical talents from the moment they arrived in Britain .
At the age of eight , Vanessa was taken out of school for half of each day to concentrate on her violin .
By the age of 11 , she was admitted to the Royal College Of Music , where she was seven years younger than most of her peers .
Vanessa was the youngest soloist ever to record Beethoven and Tchaikovsky 's demanding violin concertos when she was just 13
Pamela managed everything from her bank accounts to choosing her clothes , make - up and , inevitably , that provocative cover of her first single .
Vanessa was n't even allowed to slice bread in case she cut her hand .
She was forced to drop every one of her school friends because they were considered a distraction .
Stardom beckoned and the millions rolled in .
But just before her 21st birthday Vanessa finally snapped .
Sick of her mother 's domineering influence , she fired her as her manager , desperately hoping they could have a normal mother / daughter relationship .
It was not to be .
They severed all normal contact and studiously avoided each other at family occasions .
When Vanessa tried to re-establish their relationship by involving Pamela in the BBC1 documentary , she had hoped that by inviting her mother to help explore the root of her talent , she would discover whether she was born with her musical ability , or whether it was cultivated by her mother 's determination for her to succeed .
But Pamela was having none of it - as the terse e-mail the team behind the science programme The Making Of Me ( shown last night ) received in response showed only too clearly .
' My mother is , and always has been , an extremely driven person and has an unquenchable thirst for success , and that is something that can be very difficult to understand when you are a child or a teenager , ' says Vanessa .
' Doing the documentary was very cathartic .
In my case it is a matter of both nature and nurture which has helped me achieve what I have , and whatever way you look at it , my mother is a big part of that . '
Whether it is her approaching 30th birthday or the fact that she has for the past nine years been happily settled with her French boyfriend Lionel Catelan , 38 , a wine dealer , Vanessa says her thoughts have inevitably turned to becoming a mother herself .
Today Vanessa says had she not been so strong , she'd have been destroyed by her mother 's behaviour
But she confesses : ' I am petrified of having children of my own because I know that whatever you say or do to a child affects them deeply .
' Once , as a teenager , I remember being sick before a show - I think I had some kind of bug - and the look my mother gave me because I could n't give 100 per cent was chilling .
' She 'd tell me I 'd only get a good husband if I was successful , and she condoned the fact that my music tutors would slap me across the face if I was n't putting everything I had into my playing .'
Every pastime was questioned by her mother .
' She wanted me to give up skiing , which I 'm passionate about , because she thought it was too dangerous for my career . '
Vanessa seems determined not to repeat her mother 's mistakes and has particularly strong views on parenting .
' I believe that when you have children there 's a certain point when you have to let go and stop pushing .
I hope and pray that if I have children of my own I will know when that point is .'
Ironically , although she does n't have contact with her natural parents ( Pamela separated from Vanessa 's
Thai father when their daughter was only four years old ) , Vanessa is very close to her stepfather Gavin Nicholson - Pamela 's second husband , from whom she is now divorced .
' He has always given me absolutely unconditional love and support , ' says Vanessa .
' He helped pay for my private music lessons but he did n't , and could n't , interfere in my career as I was growing up - if he did , he'd get his head bitten off !'
Chatty and upbeat , despite the high price she paid for her freedom , Vanessa now works at her own pace .
There are plans for another album and an autobiography , and during the winter she indulges her passion for skiing .
It is with a sense of irony that she admits the perfectionism which she rebelled against has become a strong trait in her adult life , not least in the renovation of her Kensington home which has taken the best part of eight years .
' I have become more demanding of people as I 've got older , but what is so wrong in striving to have something done properly ?
' Lionel and I have been living in a flat in Kensington and have only camped at the house a couple of times , which is madness considering I bought it when I was 22 .
' But at least I 've been able to take my baby grand piano out of storage now and can go to the house to play it .
I hope that I 'll be able to move in by the end of the year , by which time I 'll be 30 . '
As to reaching this landmark year , she admits : ' I am still waiting for my first grey hair !
' What is tragic is that I do n't feel 30 .
I want to understand the gravity of it because it is such a big number , but I felt older at 12 than I do now .
' At that age I did a recording of Tchaikovsky , but my mother was disappointed because she thought I should have done it younger .
So I was made to feel old at such a young age . '
As to marriage , she adds : ' My boyfriend comes from a very long and happy marriage whereas my mother has been divorced twice , so it does n't carry as much meaning for me .
' It is maybe something that I will do - certainly , Lionel would like to - and perhaps if we have children , who knows ? '
She refuses to condemn her mother outright , believing that the blood , sweat and tears of her childhood have to count for something .
' I would not be here today without my mother and she has helped me have a career that I love and to follow a vocation .
I am sad that it has been at the expense of my relationship with her . '
Asked if she misses her mother , she adds : ' She has not been around for me to talk to for so many years now .
' But I carry the e-mail she sent to the BBC around with me , and if I ever have any pangs about what our relationship might have been like , I read that and realise it is never going to be . '
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
While you were sleeping , the landscape of the US financial system changed dramatically .
CNBC is calling it , “ The biggest shakeup in the history of the US financial system . ”
The country is in a “ once- in - a century ” financial crisis , former Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan said on ABC ’s “ This Week ” on Sunday .
The New York Times reported late Sunday that Bank of America has reached a $ 44 billion deal to buy troubled investment firm Merrill Lynch .
Another firm was n’t so lucky :
Unable to find a buyer over the weekend , 158 - year - old investment bank Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy Monday morning .
Lehman ’s liquidation will mark the largest collapse of a Wall Street bank since Drexel Burnham Lambert folded in the wake of the junk bond scandal almost two decades ago .
The problems do n’t end there .
“ We will see other major financial firms fail , ” Greenspan said on “ This Week . ” Giant insurance company American International Group ( A.I.G. ) asked the Federal Reserve for $ 40 billion , “ without which the company may have only days to survive , ” according to the Times .
Washington Mutual , too , may be in trouble , after its shares plummeted late last week and Moody ’s Investor Service downgraded the bank ’s debt to “ junk ” status .
And in Europe , a Swiss newspaper reported that Swiss bank UBS will have to take another $ 5 billion in write - downs .
We ’ll see what happens over the course of the day on Monday , but A.I.G. , at least , seems to be in serious trouble .
Adam Bakhtiar , a CNBC analyst , called Sunday ’s events a “ tidal wave of horrific news . ”
James K. Galbraith , an economist and contributing writer for Mother Jones , wrote in an email that while he has “ a pretty good record on attacking Wall Street , ” his “ schadenfreude is very much under control at the moment ” :
The world will not be a better place with two free - standing investment
banks — Goldman [ Sachs ] and Morgan [ Stanley ] — and a half - dozen major commercial banks , if that , running everything .
Further , there is a risk that the unraveling will become disorderly and out of control from this point , as assets hit the market in fire sales and do not find takers .
This will affect pension funds and greatly compound the collapse of the wealth position of the middle class … .
The collapse of Wall Street will hit Main Street like Ike hit Houston .
So how do we get out of this crisis ?
Well , the prime mover of all of these problems is the collapse of the housing bubble in the United States .
“ There ’s no question that this is in the process of outstripping anything I ’ve seen , and it still is not resolved and it still has a way to go , ” Greenspan said Sunday .
“ And indeed , it will continue to be a corrosive force until the price of homes in the United States stabilizes . ”
The collapse of Lehman and the broadening crisis will undoubtedly be topic “ A ” for the presidential campaigns this week .
Barack Obama and John McCain want to lead this country .
How do they plan to respond to Monday morning ’s news ?
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2008 September 12
Planets over Perth
Credit & Copyright : John Goldsmith , Celestial Visions exhibition , TWAN
Explanation : A bright trio of terrestrial planets was joined by a young Moon on September 1st , in planet Earth 's early evening skies .
In this view of the celestial gathering from Perth , Western Australia , the Moon 's sunlit crescent is nearly horizontal at Perth 's southern latitude of about 32 degrees .
Venus , then Mercury , and finally Mars shine above colorful city lights on the far shore of the Swan River .
The six unlit towers on the left surround a large cricket stadium .
For now , the planetary trio still lingers low in the west just after sunset .
But in the coming days Venus will move farther from the Sun , climbing higher after sunset , while Mercury and Mars will steadily sink into the glare along the western horizon .
TEHRAN / WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Iran delivered a letter to world powers on Tuesday but gave no concrete reply to a demand to freeze its nuclear activity , a defiant step the United States said amounted to “ obfuscation ” and could lead to more sanctions .
Iran 's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad speaks during 15th Ministerial Conference of the Non-Aligned Movement in Tehran , July 29 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Raheb Homavandi
Iran handed the letter to European Union foreign policy chief Javier Solana in response to an offer in June by major powers that they would refrain pursuing more U.N. penalties if Iran froze expansion of its nuclear work .
Extracts of the one - page letter obtained by Reuters showed Iran gave no firm reply to the offer but instead promised a “ clear response ” at an unspecified date .
“ Iran is ready to provide a ‘ clear response ’ to your proposal at the earliest possibility , while simultaneously expecting to receive your ‘ clear response ’ to our questions and ambiguities as well , ” the letter said .
“ Such mutual clarification can pave the way for a speedy and transparent negotiating process with bright prospect . ”
The major powers say they fear Tehran wants to build an atomic bomb .
But Iran , the world ’s fourth - largest oil producer , insists it is only seeking to master nuclear technology to generate electricity .
“ It is more of the same from the Iranians -- obfuscation and delays , ” said one U.S. official , who asked not to be named because he was not authorized to talk about the letter .
“ It was not the type of response the international community was looking for . ”
U.S. State Department spokesman Gonzalo Gallegos warned of “ additional measures ” against Iran and said the United States would join a conference call with other senior officials from China , Russia , France , Germany and Britain on Wednesday when the major powers would decide how to proceed .
Tehran has repeatedly refused to halt its atomic work , prompting the U.N. Security Council to impose three rounds of penalties on Iran since 2006 .
The United States also maintains its own sanctions against Iran .
Diplomats cautioned it would be difficult to pass a fourth round of Security Council sanctions against Iran because of reluctance from Russia and China , as well as Germany .
‘ ABSOLUTELY NOTHING ’
One Western official who had seen the letter said it added “ absolutely nothing ” and that Tehran made no concrete proposals to resolve the impasse .
The official said the letter also failed to provide any real response to the offer from the major powers of trade , financial and diplomatic incentives in exchange for an Iranian freeze of its uranium enrichment activities .
An Iranian official had also told Reuters the letter did not address the demands by world powers .
“ The letter handed over is not an answer to the offered package .
The letter does not mention the freeze - for - freeze issue , ” the official said .
The freeze proposal was seen as a step to full negotiations .
But the Iranian official said the idea also had not been raised in telephone talks on Monday between Solana and Iran ’s chief nuclear negotiator , Saeed Jalili .
“ During the call , Jalili expressed his readiness to start formal talks , ” the official said , adding he expected further contact between Solana and Jalili in the next few days .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
The six powers have said formal talks on the incentives can start only once Iran suspends uranium enrichment , the part of the program that most worries the West because it has military and civilian uses .
In another development , a U.N. nuclear watchdog official will go to Iran on Thursday .
The International Atomic Energy Agency declined to specify the purpose of the visit by Olli Heinonen , its deputy director overseeing inspections of Iran ’s nuclear program .
The head of Iran ’s Revolutionary Guards said on Monday the country could easily close the Strait of Hormuz , a key Gulf shipping route , if it were attacked over its nuclear program -- prompting a warning from the United States .
“ Shutting down the straits and closing off the Persian Gulf would be a sort of a self - defeating exercise , ” Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said on Tuesday .
“ I do n’t think it ’s in Iran ’s interest , ” he told reporters .
“ They have a very weak economy at this point , which depends almost entirely on their oil revenue . ”
Iraq Wants Changes to U.S Exit Plan Latest plan contains timeline for withdrawal , but demands no other conditions .
Oct. 21 , 2008  --
The United States has agreed to a firm deadline for withdrawing combat troops from Iraq that does not depend on security conditions on the ground , according to a copy of an agreement reached recently and obtained by ABC News .
Despite the concession from the United States , the Iraqi Cabinet announced today it wants to ask for additional changes to the plan .
President Bush and Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki signed off on the Status of Forces in recent weeks , but it is still subject to approval by Iraq 's Cabinet and eventually the parliament , where it faces significant opposition .
Iraq 's Cabinet met Tuesday and said in a statement afterward that it would seek unspecified amendments to the agreement .
The chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Adm . Mike Mullen urged the Iraqis to accept the deal .
" Clearly , we are running out of time , " he said on his way to meetings with Russian military leaders in Finland .
" It 's time for the Iraqis to make a decision . "
Mullen also expressed concerns that Iran was pressuring Iraq not to accept the deal , saying that Tehran was " working very hard to ensure this does not pass . "
The plan defines the scope of U.S. troop activity in Iraq and provides a legal framework for their presence there once the current U.N. mandate expires at the end of the year .
If approved in time , the three - year deal would go into effect Jan. 1 , 2009 .
U.S. negotiators had pushed for the deal to include language that would make withdrawal dates subject to security conditions on the ground ; however , the final text makes no mention of a conditions - based withdrawal .
Instead it stipulates that U.S. combat troops be out of Iraq by the end of 2011 and out of Iraq 's cities , towns and villages before July .
According to the text , the only way U.S. combat troops could stay beyond 2011 would be at the invitation of the Iraqi government .
It does , however , allow for U.S. military trainers and advisers to stay longer if agreed to by both sides .
The question of how long the United States should stay in Iraq has been a central debate during the presidential campaign .
Barack Obama has pushed for a withdrawal according to a timeline , while his opponent John McCain has argued that any withdrawal should be subject to the security needs in Iraq .
As written , though , it would appear that the actual text is closer to Obama 's proposal than McCain's .
U.S. and Iraqi negotiators also clashed over whose legal jurisdiction would prosecute U.S. soldiers accused of crimes in Iraq .
According to the text of the deal , a compromise was reached , allowing the United States to try its soldiers for crimes committed on U.S. bases while carrying out official missions .
Iraqi courts would have jurisdiction over soldiers who committed crimes while off duty and outside the base .
Iraqi courts would also have primary legal jurisdiction over cases considered to be particularly heinous , though , it would be up to an ambiguously defined joint committee staffed by both countries to decide whether a given crime is sufficiently flagrant .
Several U.S. lawmakers have expressed concern about exposing soldiers to a legal system they consider underdeveloped because Americans may not get a fair trial .
Last week Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and Secretary of Defense Robert Gates called key senators and representatives to urge their support for the deal .
The White House also hosted a briefing on the agreement for relevant Capitol Hill staffers .
Though the deal was described in detail during the calls and briefing , the exact text was not shared .
On Friday , Senate Armed Services Committee chairman Carl Levin , D - Mich . , said he would reserve judgment on the deal until he could learn more , but expressed concern that American troops could be subjected to Iraqi laws .
" It 's critical that our dedicated men and women in uniform service in Iraq have full legal protections and are not subject to criminal prosecution in an Iraqi judicial system that does not meet due process standards , " Levin said in a statement .
Levin also supported Bush 's embrace of firm timetables for troop withdrawal as " welcome and overdue . "
The Bush administration has maintained it would consult with Congress before inking a deal , but insisted it did not need congressional approval before finalizing the agreement .
As written , the agreement would also , for the first time , subject contractors in Iraq to Iraqi law .
Currently contractors operate in a legal gray zone .
It is unclear whether U.S. courts have jurisdiction over crimes committed in Iraq and whether contractors are immune to Iraqi prosecution , thanks to a provision signed in the waning days of the American transition government after the U.S. - led invasion .
The agreement defines the American mission in Iraq as temporary help in maintaining security in the country , including the combat of al Qaeda and other terrorist and outlaw groups , as well as remnants of the former regime .
It offers some vague restrictions on the scope of U.S. military operations , requiring there be Iraqi approval before missions are carried out .
It also forbids the United States from detaining any Iraqi citizen without permission unless it is on an approved mission .
Furthermore it requires the Americans to turn over anyone arrested to Iraqi authorities within 24 hours .
American officials had in the past expressed concern about such a clause because of fears the United States might miss obtaining critical intelligence if it has to turn over terror suspects before gleaning any information from them .
As to whether the United States would be obligated to defend Iraq from foreign invasion , according to the text of the deal such a scenario would be dealt with on a case - by - case basis .
The agreement does not obligate the United States to defend Iraq , but leaves open the possibility for the United States to employ diplomatic , economic or even military means to assist the Iraqis if agreed to by both countries .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Matasano security leaked out the bug and then tried to get the cat back into the bag .. pretty funny ! :)
Anyway , here 's the copy of their post , I am eager to experiment with some actual code now ;-)
Originally was posted at www.matasano.com/log/1103/reliable-dns-f orgery-in-2008 -kaminskys -discovery /
Reliable DNS Forgery in 2008 : Kaminsky ’s Discovery
from Matasano Chargen by ecopeland
0 . The cat is out of the bag .
Yes , Halvar Flake figured out the flaw Dan Kaminsky will announce at Black Hat .
1. Pretend for the moment that you know only the basic function of DNS — that it translates WWW.
VICTIM.COM into 1.2.3.4 .
The code that does this is called a resolver .
Each time the resolver contacts the DNS to translate names to addresses , it creates a packet called a query .
The exchange of packets is called a transaction .
Since the number of packets flying about on the internet requires scientific notation to express , you can imagine there has to be some way of not mixing them up .
Bob goes to to a deli , to get a sandwich .
Bob walks up to the counter , takes a pointy ticket from a round red dispenser .
The ticket has a number on it .
This will be Bob ’s unique identifier for his sandwich acquisition transaction .
Note that the number will probably be used twice — once when he is called to the counter to place his order and again when he ’s called back to get his sandwich .
If you ’re wondering , Bob likes ham on rye with no onions .
If you ’ve got this , you have the concept of transaction IDs , which are numbers assigned to keep different transactions in order .
Conveniently , the first sixteen bits of a DNS packet is just such a unique identifier .
It ’s called a query id ( QID ) .
And with the efficiency of the deli , the QID is used for multiple transactions .
2 . Until very recently , there were two basic classes of DNS vulnerabilities .
One of them involves mucking about with the QID in DNS packets and the other requires you to know the Deep Magic .
First , QIDs .
Bob ’s a resolver and Alice is a content DNS server .
Bob asks Alice for the address of WWW .
VICTIM .COM .
The answer is 1.2.3.4 .
Mallory would like the answer to be 6.6.6.0 .
It is a ( now not ) secret shame of mine that for a great deal of my career , creating and sending packets was , to me , Deep Magic .
Then it became part of my job , and I learned that it is surprisingly trivial .
So put aside the idea that forging IP packets is the hard part of poisoning DNS .
If I ’m Mallory and I ’m attacking Bob , how can he distinguish my packets from Alice ’s ?
Because I ca n’t see the QID in his request , and the QID in my response wo n’t match .
The QID is the only thing protecting the DNS from Mallory ( me ) .
QID attacks began in the olden days , when BIND simply incremented the QID with every query response .
If you can remember 1995 , here ’s a workable DNS attack .
Think fast : 9372 + 1 .
Did you get 9372 , or even miss and get 9373 ?
You win , Alice loses .
Mallory sends a constant stream of DNS responses for WWW .
VICTIM .COM .
All are quietly discarded —- until Mallory gets Bob to query for WWW .
VICTIM .COM .
If Mallory ’s response gets to your computer before the legitimate response arrives from your ISP ’s name server , you will be redirected where Mallory tells you you ’re going .
Obvious fix : you want the QID be randomly generated .
Now Alice and Mallory are in a race .
Alice sees Bob ’s request and knows the QID .
Mallory has to guess it .
The first one to land a packet with the correct QID wins .
Randomized QIDs give Alice a big advantage in this race .
But there ’s a bunch more problems here : * If you convince Bob to ask Alice the same question 1000 times all at once , and Bob uses a different QID for each packet , you made the race 1000 times easier for Mallory to win .
* If Bob uses a crappy random number generator , Mallory can get Bob to ask for names she controls , like WWW.
EVIL .COM , and watch how the QIDs bounce around ; eventually , she ’ll break the RNG and be able to predict its outputs .
* 16 bits just is n’t big enough to provide real security at the traffic rates we deal with in 2008 .
Your computer ’s resolver is probably a stub .
Which means it wo n’t really save the response .
You do n’t want it to .
The stub asks a real DNS server , probably run by your ISP .
That server does n’t know everything .
It can’t , and should n’t , because the whole idea of DNS is to compensate for the organic and shifting nature of internet naming and addressing .
Frequently , that server has to go ask another , and so on .
The cool kids call this “ recursion ” .
Responses carry another value , too , called a time to live ( TTL ) .
This number tells your name server how long to cache the answer .
Why ?
Because they deal with zillions of queries .
Whoever wins the race between Alice and Mallory , their answer gets cached .
All subsequent responses will be dropped .
All future requests for that same data , within the TTL , come from that answer .
This is good for whoever wins the race .
If Alice wins , it means Mallory can’t poison the cache for that name .
If Mallory wins , the next 10,000 or so people that ask that cache where WWW.
VICTIM .COM is go to 6.6.6.0 .
3 . Then there ’s that other set of DNS vulnerabilities .
These require you to pay attention in class .
They have n’t really been talked about since 1997 .
And they ’re hard to find , because you have to understand how DNS works .
In other words , you have to be completely crazy .
Lazlo Hollyfeld crazy .
I ’m speaking of course of RRset poisoning .
DNS has a complicated architecture .
Not only that , but not all name servers run the same code .
So not all of them implement DNS in exactly the same way .
And not only that , but not all name servers are configured properly .
I just described a QID attack that poisons the name server ’s cache .
This attack requires speed , agility and luck , because if the “ real ” answer happens to arrive before your spoofed one , you ’re locked out .
Fortunately for those of you that have a time machine , some versions of DNS provide you with another way to poison the name server ’s cache anyway .
To explain it , I will have to explain more about the format of a DNS packet .
DNS packets are variable in length and consist of a header , some flags and resource records ( RRs ) .
RRs are where the goods ride around .
There are up to three sets of RRs in a DNS packet , along with the original query .
These are : * Answer RR ’s , which contain the answer to whatever question you asked ( such as the A record that says WWW .
VICTIM.COM is 1.2.3.4 )
* Authority RR ’s , which tell resolvers which name servers to refer to to get the complete answer for a question
* Additional RR ’s , sometimes called “ glue ” , which contain any additional information needed to make the response effective .
A word about the Additional RR’s .
Think about an NS record , like the one that COM ’s name server uses to tell us that , to find out where WWW .
VICTIM .COM is , you have to ask NS1 .
VICTIM .COM .
That ’s good to know , but it ’s not going to help you unless you know where to find NS1 .
VICTIM .COM .
Names are not addresses .
This is a chicken and egg problem .
The answer is , you provide both the NS record pointing VICTIM .
COM to NS1.VICTIM .COM , and the A record pointing NS1.
VICTIM.COM to 1.2.3.1 .
Now , let ’s party like it ’s 1995 .
Download the source code for a DNS implementation and hack it up such that every time it sends out a response , it also sends out a little bit of evil — an extra Additional RR with bad information .
Then let ’s set up an evil server with it , and register it as EVIL .
COM .
Now get a bunch of web pages up with IMG tags pointing to names hosted at that server .
Bob innocently loads up a page with the malicious tags which coerces his browser resolve that name .
Bob asks
Alice to resolve that name .
Here comes recursion : eventually the query arrives at our evil server .
Which sends back a response with an unexpected ( evil ) Additional RR .
If Alice ’s cache honors the unexpected record , it ’s 1995 —- buy CSCO ! —- and you just poisoned their cache .
Worse , it will replace the “ real ” data already in the cache with the fake data .
You asked where WWW.
EVIL.COM was ( or rather , the image tags did ) .
But Alice also “ found out ” where WWW .
VICTIM.COM was : 6.6.6.0 .
Every resolver that points to that name server will now gladly forward you to the website of the beast .
4 . It ’s not 1995 .
It ’s 2008 .
There are fixes for the attacks I have described .
Fix 1 : The QID race is fixed with random IDs , and by using a strong random number generator and being careful with the state you keep for queries .
16 bit query IDs are still too short , which fills us with dread .
There are hacks to get around this .
For instance , DJBDNS randomizes the source port on requests as well , and thus wo n’t honor responses unless they come from someone who guesses the ~ 16 bit source port .
This brings us close to 32 bits , which is much harder to guess .
Fix 2 : The RR set poisoning attack is fixed by bailiwick checking , which is a quirky way of saying that resolvers simply remember that if they ’re asking where WWW .
VICTIM .COM is , they ’re not interested in caching a new address for WWW .
GOOGLE .COM in the same transaction .
Remember how these fixes work .
They ’re very important .
And so we arrive at the present day .
5 . Let ’s try again to convince Bob that WWW .
VICTIM.COM is 6.6.6.0 .
This time though , instead of getting Bob to look up WWW .
VICTIM.COM and then beating Alice in the race , or getting Bob to look up WWW.
EVIL.COM and slipping strychnine into his ham sandwich , we ’re going to be clever ( sneaky ) .
Get Bob to look up AAAAA .
VICTIM .COM .
Race Alice .
Alice ’s answer is NXDOMAIN , because there ’s no such name as AAAAA .
VICTIM .COM .
Mallory has an answer .
We ’ll come back to it .
Alice has an advantage in the race , and so she likely beats Mallory .
NXDOMAIN for AAAAA .VICTIM.COM .
Alice ’s advantage is not insurmountable .
Mallory repeats with AAAAB .
VICTIM .COM .
Then AAAAC .
VICTIM .COM .
And so on .
Sometime , perhaps around CXOPQ .
VICTIM .COM , Mallory wins !
Bob believes CXOPQ .VICTIM.COM is 6.6.6.0 !
Poisoning CXOPQ.VICTIM.COM is not super valuable to Mallory .
But Mallory has another trick up her sleeve .
Because her response did n’t just say CXOPQ .
VICTIM.COM was 6.6.6.0 .
It also contained Additional RRs pointing WWW.
VICTIM.COM to 6.6.6.0 .
Those records are in - bailiwick : Bob is in fact interested in VICTIM .COM for this query .
Mallory has combined attack # 1 with attack # 2 , defeating fix # 1 and fix # 2 .
Mallory can conduct this attack in less than 10 seconds on a fast Internet link .
PREVIOUS POST
A rhetorical exercise in which Kurt Loder makes a brief cameo *
So a guy writes a song :
At one point I found myself going , " I can't write a song about Batman , I 'm in an alternative band . "
And I thought this is stupid , if I can write a song about Batman and it serves the purpose . . . and connects with something that is unique and original , then , why not ? . . .
I was trying to represent Batman .
The director of the video says this :
But [ the guy ] really wanted to explore Batman 's brain .
The result is this : How did Corgan propose getting inside Batman 's head ?
By getting inside Batman 's head .
Given that the video was for Batman on Ice — a.k.a.
The Curious Case of the Governor and Mr. Nipples — I 'm not sure there 's much there in there to be filled out .
This is Batman as camp , so the lyrics contain all the psychological depth and insight of the television series .
And yet :
Ain't it funny how the film the song advertises influences our take on the lyrics ?**
The camp of Schumacher 's Batman & Robin is buried beneath the literalism of Zack Snyder 's adaptation of Watchmen .
And where did fans first see this preview ?
Before The Dark Knight .
( A film whose complexities a Doctor of Philosophy of English affirms . )
Where am I headed with this ?
An exercise in visual rhetoric for my upcoming course .
( About which more momentarily . )
They 'll already have seen Batman Begins and read Watchmen , so they should be able to handle the tone and source material aspect of the conversation .
* The MTV News item I quote here begins with Kurt Loder saying : " The band also gets to shoot a tie - in video for the song , and Chris Connelly stopped by the set to ask the question , ' Have you guys sold out , or what ? ' "
Cut to the report .
Upon returning , Kurt Loder says : " Joining the Pumpkins on the ' Batman ' soundtrack will be R. Kelly , Jewel , and Bone Thugs - N - Harmony among others . "
I officially miss Kurt Loder now .
** Yes , I know it 's been remixed , and that plays a part in it , but bear with me here .
For now , the invisibility cloak remains a thing of science fiction Scientists in the US say they are a step closer to developing materials that could render people invisible .
Researchers at the University of California in Berkeley have developed a material that can bend light around 3D objects making them " disappear " .
The materials do not occur naturally but have been created on a nano scale , measured in billionths of a metre .
The team says the principles could one day be scaled up to make invisibility cloaks large enough to hide people .
Stealth operations
The findings , by scientists led by Xiang Zhang , were published in the journals Nature and Science .
The light - bending effect relies on reversing refraction , the effect that makes a straw placed in water appear bent .
Previous efforts have shown this negative refraction effect using microwaves a wavelength far longer than humans can see .
In order to have the ' Harry Potter ' effect , you just need to find the right materials for the visible wavelengths
Ortwin Hess
The new materials instead work at wavelengths around those used in the telecommunications industry much nearer to the visible part of the spectrum .
Two different teams led by Zhang made objects made of so - called metamaterials artificial structures with features smaller than the wavelength of light that give the materials their unusual properties .
One approach used nanometre - scale stacks of silver and magnesium fluoride in a " fishnet " structure , while another made use of nanowires made of silver .
Light is neither absorbed nor reflected by the objects , passing " like water flowing around a rock , " according to the researchers .
As a result , only the light from behind the objects can be seen .
Cloak and shadow
The fine structure of the material gives it light - bending abilities " This is a huge step forward , a tremendous achievement , " says Professor Ortwin Hess of the Advanced Technology Institute at the University of Surrey .
" It 's a careful choice of the right materials and the right structuring to get this effect for the first time at these wavelengths . "
There could be more immediate applications for the devices in telecommunications , Prof Hess says .
What 's more , they could be used to make better microscopes , allowing images of far smaller objects than conventional microscopes can see .
And a genuine cloaking effect is n't far around the corner .
" In order to have the ' Harry Potter ' effect , you just need to find the right materials for the visible wavelengths , " says Prof Hess , " and it 's absolutely thrilling to see we 're on the right track . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Click to view
The great thing about Spore is all the stuff we can make .
No , make that , the great thing about Spore is all the stuff really talented people can make .
Check out these images from Korean site Ruliweb of in - Spore created Starcraft Terran faction buildings and vehicles .
Check out the Vulture , Siege Tank , Goliath , Wraith and Battlecruiser !
The attention to detail is astounding .
There are three words for this and they are " only in Korea " .
Have a gander in the gallery below .
Advertisement
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Advertisement
PC 게임 화면 게시판 [ Ruliweb Thanks , Torokun ! ]
VW Car -Net®
You 've never had a connection like this .
:
P
On this page :
When it comes to proper usage of CSS and HTML layout , I have to admit I ’ve been somewhat slow to get up to speed .
Although I ’ve been fully aware of what ‘ you ’re supposed to be doing ’ it ’s been quite a different story from what I ’ve actually been doing .
Part of it is that a lot of the apps I work on are based on older code that did n’t pay close attention to CSS based layout and so it ’s often hard to retrofit those apps .
But slowly and gradually I ’ve been drifting more to the ‘ recommended ’ approach to page layout with CSS isolation to style sheets and as little to no inline styling of any kind and of course have come to realize that this is a much better way to work .
I suspect there are more of you out there who are in the same boat especially if you ’re using ASP .
NET and Web forms .
Web forms with its high level of abstraction does n’t make it very easy to use pure CSS style layout .
Controls have display properties that are just too easy to set on the controls themselves rather than setting them externally in styles and there ’s no doubt doing it the right takes some diligence and is more work in the immediacy of creating pages .
But there ’s also no doubt that proper CSS layout makes it easier to maintain pages later and change the look of them as well as making it easier to reference content via script code .
There are also the ASP .
NET CSS Control Adapters but they are a pretty intrusive change and I ’ve actually had lots of issues just getting them installed on several machines .
However , with a little bit of diligence even some of the badly rendering ASP .
NET controls ( especially the GridView ) can be managed reasonably well with pure CSS layouts .
Those damn browser differences
One thing that I ’ve been struggling with for a long time is browser differences even when using the strict XHTML schemas for layout .
The XHTML doctypes are the first step for doing consistent layout as they force at least a reasonable baseline on all browsers ( particularly IE ) and force them to use certain rendering rules .
But even with XHTML there are still major differences between different browsers and how they set their default settings for various CSS tags .
For example check out the following layout rendered in several browsers .
The area in question is the bottom of the list where the ‘ status bar ’ sits .
Internet Explorer ( nearly perfect fit because at the time it was set up for IE ) :
FireFox 3 :
Safari Windows :
Opera :
Clearly IE creates its elements slightly bigger than the other browsers , but it looks like all 4 browsers are rendering slightly differently in terms of the size of this frame .
The layout for this frame looks like this ( I 've hardcoded the frame height and width here so it 's easier to see where the heights etc are coming from ) :
< div id = " divListContainer " class = " blackborder " > < div class = " gridheader " >
Project List </ div > < div class = " toolbarcontainer " > < small >< a href = " ShowProject.aspx " class = " hoverbutton " >< img src = " images/punchin.gif " /> New </ a > | Filter : < select name = " ctl00$Content$lstFilter " onchange =" javascript:setTimeout('__doPostBack(\'ctl00 $Content$lstFilter\ ' , \'\ ' ) ' , 0 ) " id = " ctl00 _Content_lstFilter " style = " width : 200 px ; " > < option selected = " selected " value = " OpenProjects " >
Open Projects </ option > < option value = " RecentProjects " >
Recent Projects </ option > < option value = " AllProjects " >
All Projects </ option > </ select > | Project Name : < input name = " ctl00 $Content$txtNameFilter " type =" text " id = " ctl00_Content_txtNameFilter " style = " width : 75 px ; " /> < input type = " submit " name = " ctl00 $Content$btnGoFilter " value = " Go " id = " ctl00_Content_btnGoFilter " /> </ small > </ div > < div style = " height : 407px ; overflow : hidden ; overflow-y : scroll ; " > < div class = " itemtemplate " onclick = " showProject ( 38 ) " > < div class = " companydisplay " >< small >< i > West Wind Technologies </ i ></ small ></ div > < div class = " projimg " ></ div > < b >< a href = " ShowProject.aspx?id=38 " >
Conference Preparations </ a ></ b >< br /> < small >
08/01/07 Started </ small > </ div > < div class = " itemtemplate " onclick = " showProject ( 50 ) " > < div class = " companydisplay " >< small >< i > Centiv </ i ></ small ></ div > < div class = " projimg " ></ div > < b >< a href = " ShowProject.aspx?id=50 " >
TradeOne Integration </ a ></ b >< br /> < small >
01/24/08 Entered </ small > </ div >
... </ div > < div class = " toolbarcontainer " > < small >< span id = " ctl00_Content_lblStatus " > 11 projects </ span ></ small > </ div > </ div >
The height values are hardcoded so in theory there should n't be any discrepancies here , but as you can see the placement is slightly off - as much as 5 pixels between IE and Opera which are at both high and low ends .
Browser Reset to the Rescue
The trick to making this work well across browser is to use a browser reset style sheet .
Again this may be old news to some of you , but I ’ve been slow to catch on and have n’t been using resets until fairly recently .
The above application was built early last year and it does n’t use a reset .
A browser reset is meant to reset the browser ’s CSS setting to a common default value set .
Basically each browser has slightly different base settings mostly for margins , padding , borders etc. as well as many other settings that can affect browser rendering slightly and often results in the little inconsistencies like the ones above .
The reset effectively is used to reset the browser to a common baseline , upon which any further CSS settings are based .
There are a number of different reset style sheets available .
Following are a few links and references to a resets :
The last link compares various versions of resets and explains the differences .
It ’s a good read to see some of the tradeoff and comparisons .
After reviewing resets some time ago I ’ve ended up with a slightly modified version of Eric Meyer ’s reset with a few changes that affect default padding and list display .
I tend to want some reasonable padding for table cells and expect list to render a certain way by default .
/* BROWSER RESET ( based on Eric Meyer 's Reset ) */ html , body , div , span , applet , object , iframe , table , caption , tbody , tfoot , thead , tr , th , td , del , dfn , em , font , img , ins , kbd , q , s , samp , small , strike , strong , sub , sup , tt , var , h1 , h2 , h3 , h4 , h5 , h6 , p , blockquote , pre , a , abbr , acronym , address , big , cite , code , dl , dt , dd , ol , ul , li , fieldset , form , label , legend { padding : 0 px ; margin : 0 px ; border : 0px ; outline : 0 px ; line - height : normal ; vertical - align : baseline ; font - family : inherit ; font - size : 100 % ; } : focus { outline : 0 ; } body { background : white ; line - height : 1 ; color : black ; } ol , ul { list - style : disc ; margin : 20 px ; } table { border - collapse : separate ; border - spacing : 0 ; } caption , th , td { font - weight : normal ; /* text - align : inherit ; */ padding : 4px ; } blockquote : before , blockquote : after , q:before , q:after { content : " " ; } blockquote , q { quotes : " " " " ; margin : 15px ; } input , select , textarea { font - size : inherit ; font - weight : inherit ; font - style : inherit ; } /* END BROWSER RESET */
With the reset applied before any other styles the above ‘ dialog ’ renders properly in all browsers from IE to Chrome .
Unfortunately just throwing a browser reset into an old applications that where designed with them in mind are also likely to cause a few rendering problems , because the main feature that these resets provide is to effectively remove all padding , margins and borders by default .
This will cause things to render consistently but also often may end up producing very different results .
Hence you may have to – as I did at least for older apps – tweak the base Reset a little bit to make certain things render the way you ’d assumed they would when the pages were created .
The two main areas for me are the table columns render ( I assumed a reasonable level of padding between cells ) , ordered and unordered lists which I assume to have standard list indentation and bullets and also blockquote margins .
None of these are major changes but these three bit me most when just throwing in any of the browser resets I tried .
Resuable Stylesheets for most Apps ?
Once a base reset exists I tend to use an additional standard style sheet that includes a host of custom styles that deal with common scenarios in ASP .
NET style applications from things like gridheaders , alternating rows , dialogcontent , toolbarcontainer etc. that are more application specific but seem to show up just about in any common application .
This is absolutely a personal preference but I thought I ’d share this here anyway , because I ’ve found this sort of baseline extremely useful in getting layouts – especially for business type applications - done quickly .
body , table , td , th , input , textarea , select { font - family : verdana , sans - serif ; font - size : 10pt ; } pre { font - family : monospace , courier new ; font - weight : normal ; margin - top : 5 px ; margin- bottom : 5 px ; } h1 { background - color : #eeeeee ; color : navy ; font - size : 1.5em ; font - weight : bold ; padding : 5 px ; text - align : center ; margin- bottom : 15 px ; } h2 { color : maroon ; font - size : 1.4em ; font - weight : bold ; } h3 { color : steelblue ; font - size : 1.1em ; font - weight : bold ; } table .
blackborder > tbody td { border : solid 1 px lightgrey ; } th { border - collapse : collapse ; font - weight : bold ; text - align : center ; } a { color : # 003399 ; } a:visited { color : darkred ; } a:hover { color : red ;} hr { color : navy ; background : navy ; border : 0 ; height : 1px ;} ul { margin - bottom : 0 px ; margin - top : 2px ; padding - bottom : 2px ; padding - top : 2px ; } li { padding - top : 2px ; padding - bottom : 0 px ; } img { border : 0 px ; } . blackborder { border - style : solid ; border - width : 2px ; border - color : # 003399 ; background : white ; text - align : left ; } p { margin : 10 px 0px 10px 0px ; } small { font - size : 0.8em ; font - weight : normal ; } . bigtext { font - size : 1.8em ; font - weight : bold ; color : navy ; } /* block backgrounds for headers etc. */ . menuband , .gridheader , .gridheaderbig , .gridpager , .buttonlinks , . blockheader , .roundedbar_top , .roundedbar_bottom { color : cornsilk ; background - color : # 003399 ; padding : 0 px ; } /* alternate background color color to offset the background used for the category list and banner strips for color variety .
should be a companion color to the block background colors ( previous tag */ .alternatebackground { color : white ; background - color : # 0066 cc ; } /* used for any block tags like headers on tables etc. */ . blockheader { font - weight : bold ; } . menucolumn { padding : 5 px ; border - bottom : solid 1px white ; } . menulink { color : white ; font - size : 0.8em ; font - weight : normal ; text - decoration : none ; display : block ; text - align : left ; padding - top : 3 px ; padding - bottom : 3 px ; padding - left : 5 px ; border : solid 1px transparent ; } . menulink : visited { color : cornsilk ; } . menulink : hover { color : # 003399 ; text - decoration : none ; font - weight : normal ; background : white url ( 'images/menuhighlight.png ') repeat-x ; } . menuband { font - weight : bold ; height : 20 px ; padding - top : 5 px ; text - align : center ; background : url ( 'images/vertgradient.png ' ) ; } . menulinkcontainer { padding : 5 px ; } .submitbutton { border - style : none ; border - color : inherit ; border - width : 0px ; font - weight : bold ; height : 35 px ; width : 200 px ; background : url ( 'images/submitbutton.gif ' ) ; color : lemonchiffon ; } .submitbutton :hover { background : url ( 'images/submitbuttonhover.gif ' ) ; } .submitbutton:active { background : url ( 'images/submitbuttonpressed.gif ' ) ; } .smallbutton { border - style : none ; border - color : inherit ; border - width : 0px ; height : 22px ; width : 90 px ; font - size : 0.8em ; color : navy ; background : url ( 'images/smallbutton.gif ' ) ; } .smallbutton :hover { background : url ( 'images/smallbuttonhover.gif ' ) ; } .smallbutton:active { background : url ( 'images/smallbuttonpressed.gif ' ) ; } .gridheader , .gridheaderbig , .gridheaderleft , .gridheaderright , .gridpager { padding : 4px ; background : # 003399 url( 'images/vertgradient.gif ' ) repeat-x 50 % bottom ; text - align : center ; font - weight : bold ; text - decoration : none ; } .gridheader a , .gridheaderbig a { color : cornsilk ; text - decoration : none ; } .gridheaderleft { text - align : left ; } .gridheaderright { text -align : right ; } .gridheaderbig { background - image : url ( 'images/vertgradient40.png ' ) ; background - repeat : repeat-x ; background - position : 50 % bottom ; } .gridnormal { background - color : #eeeeee ; } .gridalternate { background - color : # b5c7d6 ; } .gridhighlight { background - color : white ; background - image : url( images/lightorangegradient.png ) ; background - repeat : repeat-x ; cursor : pointer ; border : solid 2px orange ; } .gridpager { font - weight : bold ; text - align : right ; color :
White ; text - decoration : none ; } .gridpagerselectedpage { color : khaki ; font - size : 1.1em ; font - weight : bold ; } .gridpagerpage { text - decoration : none ; color :
White ; } .groupheader { background : SteelBlue ; color :
White ; padding : 4px ; margin - top : 10 px ; margin - bottom : 5 px ; font - weight : bold ; } .errormessage { font - weight : bold ; color : maroon ; } .errordisplay { font - weight : normal ; color : darkred ; border : solid 2px darkred ; background - color : cornsilk ; padding : 4px 5 px 4px 10 px ; line - height : 1.5 em ; margin : 15 px 0px 15 px 0px ; } .errordisplay hr { color : darkred ; } .dialogwindow { margin : 0 px ; background : #eeeeee ; font - size : 0.8em ; } .toolbarcontainer { background : #eeeeee ; border : solid 1 px silver ; vertical - align : top ; padding : 5 px ; } .hoverbutton { text - decoration : none ; padding : 2px ; font - size : 0.8em ; border : solid 1px transparent ; } .hoverbutton : hover { background : white url ( 'images/menuhighlight.png ' ) ; border : solid 1 px silver ; } .hoverbutton a { text - decoration : none ; } .tabbutton , .selectedtabbutton { border - style : none ; border - color : inherit ; border - width : 0px ; font - size : 0.8em ; background : url ( 'images/tabnormal.gif ' ) no -repeat ; text - align : center ; vertical - align : middle ; cursor : hand ; color : darkblue ; width : 120 px ; margin : 0 px ; padding : 0 px ; } .tabbutton : hover { background : url ( 'images/tabhover.gif ' ) no-repeat ; } .selectedtabbutton { font - weight : bold ; color : white ; background : url ( 'images/tabselected.gif ' ) no-repeat ; cursor : default ; } .roundedbar_top { height : 20 px ; width : 170 px ; padding : 5 px 0px 0px 0px ; font - weight : bold ; text - align : center ; background : url ( 'images/roundedbar_top.png ') no-repeat ; font - size : 1em ; } .roundedbar_bottom { height : 12px ; width : 170 px ; background : url ( 'images/roundedbar_bottom.png ') no -repeat ; } .containercontent { padding : 20 px ; } legend { text - align : center ; font - weight : bold ; background : # DE8079 ; color :
White ; padding : 3 px ; border : solid 1 px darkred ; } fieldset { border : solid 1 px silver ; margin - bottom : 15 px ; } . fieldsetpadding { padding : 15 px ; } input [ type=text ] , input[ type=password ] , textarea , select { border : solid 1 px steelblue ; border - style : inset ; font - size : 1em ; background - color : # F5F7FA ; } input[ type=button ] , input[ type=submit ] { } .statusbar { position : fixed ; bottom : 5 px ; left : 0 px ; right : 0 px ; height : 16px ; padding : 5 px ; background : black ; color : white ; border : solid 1px lightgray ; opacity : .70 ; filter : alpha( opacity = " 70 " ) ; z-index : 200 ; overflow : hidden ; overflow-y : auto ; } .statusbarhighlight { font - weight : bold ; background - color : khaki ; color : Maroon ; border : solid 1 px silver ; } .statusbarclose { position : absolute ; right : 10 px ; top : 2px ; color : red ; font - size : 1.2em ; font - weight : bold ; cursor : pointer ; }
The styles above cover a wide range of ‘ control like ’ scenarios that seem to be common in the business applications I tend to build or work with .
For more document driven application or consumer style applications some of these things probably are n’t a good fit , but for most of the things I work on most of these styles actually are used regularly .
The point is n’t so much the exact details of the items but the concept of having a style sheet that provides reusability for common UI scenarios .
Again I do n’t claim to be a CSS expert – I ’m mainly throwing this out here for discussion because I ’m interested in what others are doing .
What are you doing for ‘ standard ’ styling in your applications ?
What browser resets have you tried and which one are working for you ?
Do you have a standard style sheet with your own custom styles that you reuse in many applications and what do you put in there ?
What are your reusable styling scenarios .
Reusability of base style sheets is something I do n’t see discussed much , so I ’d be interested to hear what other approaches are used .
Russia only sent troops and tanks to drive Georgian forces out of South Ossetia after President George Bush failed to put pressure on Georgia 's president to stop his attacks on the breakaway territory , Vladimir Putin said yesterday .
The Russian prime minister told a group of western journalists and experts on Russia that he held two meetings with the US leader during the Beijing Olympics as the crisis began to unfold , but received insufficient assurances from him .
" They [ Georgian military forces ] launched their attacks at 23:30 [ on August 7 ] .
I learned about it the following morning .
I spoke to Bush .
He said ' No one wants war . '
We expected something would happen , " Putin said , suggesting that he expected the US to rein in its regional ally in Tbilisi .
" I met him again at the stadium .
I can't tell you in detail the content of the conversation , but I had the feeling that his administration would n't do anything about stopping the conflict , " Putin said .
Russian tanks were then ordered to move on the South Ossetian capital , Tskhinvali .
It is the first time that Putin has blamed the US for allowing the crisis to erupt .
He was polite about Bush , saying he respected his integrity , but he suggested that the president 's advisers had taken the key decisions .
" It 's a court which makes a king .
Maybe the court thought the king should n't intervene , " he said .
In his trademark blunt language , Putin also issued a direct warning to the UK that relations could never be repaired as long as London hosted dissident exiles such as the Chechen independence advocate Akhmed Zakayev .
" Why do you allow Great Britain to be used as a launching pad to fight Russia ?
If we were to give safe haven to militants of the IRA , with arms in their hands , what would you do ?
Why can they engage in open anti-Russian activity ?
That 's why it 's not possible to build normal relations with Britain , " he said .
Zakayev was given asylum in Britain in 2003 , the same year as the Russian tycoon Boris Berezovsky .
Both were close to the former KGB spy Alexander Litvinenko , whose murder in London in 2006 sent bilateral relations plunging .
Despite his tough language over the South Ossetia conflict , Putin refused to issue threats against the west for supporting Georgia .
He accused the US of training the Georgian army before its attack on Tskhinvali last month .
" They sent instructors who helped to mobilise the Georgian forces .
Of course we had to respond . "
Throughout yesterday 's three - hour meeting , he blamed the west for being stuck in cold war " anti-Russian phobia " , and the American presidential candidates , John McCain and Barack Obama , for " playing the Russian card " .
This was " only a sign of the candidates ' weakness " , he said .
Making it clear that any expansion of Nato to Georgia or Ukraine would be unwelcome to Moscow , Putin said it was time to create a security architecture for Europe which reflected the new realities in the continent .
Russia had no imperial aims , he said , and should be credited for dismantling the Soviet Union .
" Had it not been for Russia , the Soviet Union would n't have been dismantled , " he said .
He took issue with the Bush administration 's recent decision to install long - range missiles in Poland , ostensibly as a defence against potential missiles from Iran .
Iran had no such missiles , he said , and the US missile system 's intentions were clear .
If the US deployed any missiles , Russia would target Poland .
" Our targeting will start as soon as the missiles are deployed , " Putin said .
" We say , please do n't try again to instigate an arms race in Europe . "
He criticised the Bush administration for foisting decisions on Europe .
The missile decisions " began with bilateral talks with Poland , and then they started to convince Europe it was in their interest " .
He made the same point about Ukraine 's government 's decision to seek Nato membership .
" Eighty per cent of Ukranians do n't want it , " he said .
He denied that he was in overall control of Russian decision - making , insisting that President Dmitry Medvedev was the commander in chief .
" He 's modern , with a liberal democratic view of things and an excellent education .
I am sorry it was his lot to have to deal with this crisis .
He is a decent man .
He had to give the order to send troops to these republics [ South Ossetia and the other breakaway region of Abkhazia ] .
He had to recognise these republics , he could n't do otherwise .
These were his decisions . "
Putin made clear that Russia could easily have occupied Georgia and toppled its president , Mikheil Saakashvili .
" Our forces were 15 kilometres [ nine miles ] from Tbilisi .
It would have taken four hours to capture Tbilisi .
We did n't have that goal . "
Secret emails and memos showing how the Iraq war dossier was " sexed - up " must be released by the Cabinet Office , The Independent has learnt .
Richard Thomas , the information commissioner , has told civil servants to release undisclosed material which could provide " evidence that the dossier was deliberately manipulated in order to present an exaggerated case for military action " .
After repeated freedom of information requests , Mr Thomas says in a 20 - page ruling given to The Independent that there is a clear public interest in seeing comments about drafts of the dossier between 11 and 16 September 2002 , in the days before Alastair Campbell suggested changes .
Mr Thomas adds that there is no national security justification for keeping these comments from politicians secret .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The Government 's case for the war was set out in the dossier about Saddam Hussein 's weapons capabilities , published on 24 September 2002 and overseen by the head of the Joint Intelligence Committee , Sir John Scarlett .
Mr Campbell suggested 11 changes to the draft , which were all adopted in the final week before publication , included changing how biological weapons " could be used " to " are capable of being used " , and changing " may have " to " have " , regarding the authority of Saddam 's sons ' to launch chemical or biological weapons .
Tony Blair famously claimed in the document that Saddam could deploy weapons of mass destruction " within 45 minutes of an order to use them " .
The prospect of a return to the debate over the dossier – which led to a furious row between the BBC and the Government , the death of Dr David Kelly and the subsequent Hutton Inquiry – will horrify ministers who hoped Tony Blair 's departure from office last year had drawn a line under the affair .
Dr Kelly , a Ministry of Defence biological weapons inspector , committed suicide in Oxfordshire woodlands in July 2003 after finding himself at the centre of the WMD " sexing up " storm .
The catalyst for the scandal was a report on Radio 4's Today programme by the journalist Andrew Gilligan , who had met Dr Kelly to discuss Alastair Campbell 's role in the dossier .
Downing Street went on the hunt for the report 's source , and Dr Kelly 's name was mentioned in some reports before he apparently slit his wrists and took an overdose of prescription drugs .
In Lord Hutton 's subsequent inquiry into Dr Kelly 's death , a string of changes to the dossier by Mr Campbell and Jonathan Powell , Mr Blair 's chief of staff , were made public .
The new ruling by the information commissioner follows a three - year campaign by the journalist Chris Ames , who believes the Government is withholding key information about its case for the war .
In a passage that appears to confirm for the first time the existence of new , so - far - undisclosed material , Mr Thomas says : " Having considered the information which was withheld by the Cabinet Office , the commissioner is not satisfied that all of the comments on the draft dossier constituted information which engages the section 24 exemption [ relating to national security ] " .
The commissioner points out that comments made by political figures – such as press officers in Downing Street – as opposed to intelligence officials , do not require protection on grounds of national security .
" Specifically , he [ the commissioner ] does not consider that the comments arising from bodies other than the Defence Intelligence Staff , and some of the comments made by officials to the Defence Intelligence Staff relating solely to the drafting of the dossier , can be said to amount to information whose exemption is required for the purpose of safeguarding national security . "
The letter was signed on behalf of the commissioner by his deputy , Graham Smith .
The Cabinet Office now has 35 days either to publish the information requested by Mr Ames , or to appeal .
Mr Ames said : " The commissioner has laid bare the Government 's farcical cover - up , which included shamelessly playing the national security card .
He has also given a strong hint that the Government has concealed evidence of sexing - up to save political embarrassment . "
The ' sexed - up ' dossier
Iraq 's Weapons of Mass Destruction : The Assessment of the British Government , was published on 24 September 2002 to coincide with the return of Parliament after a summer in which war in Iraq was edging closer .
Tony Blair used the dossier to bolster his case for invasion .
John Scarlett oversaw the compilation of the dossier , and allowed changes to be inserted by Alastair Campbell and others .
The row between the Government and the BBC was ignited when Mr Campbell reacted furiously to a report by Andrew Gilligan on the Today programme implying that he had inserted a key claim in the dossier stating weapons could be launched in 45 minutes .
Mr Gilligan 's report was said to have been based on conversations with intelligence sources , one of whom appeared to be Dr Kelly .
Post : McCain 's Keating 5 lawyer pressured DEA investigators on wife 's drug abuse Nick Juliano
Published : Friday September 12 , 2008
Print This Email This John McCain 's powerful Washington , DC , lawyer , who secured a slap on the wrist for the Arizona Senator following the Keating Five scandal , was in close contact with federal investigators probing Cindy McCain 's prescription drug abuse , throughout their nearly yearlong investigation , according to a new report Friday .
Although there was little doubt that McCain was misusing a medical - aid charity she ran in the early 1990s to obtain massive quantities of narcotic painkillers to feed her addiction , the Drug Enforcement Agency filed no federal charges against her .
Instead , she was able to cut a deal that let her off the hook in exchange for completing a brief drug aversion program .
There is perhaps no one who can claim more credit for this auspicious outcome than John Dowd , an attorney with substantial clout in the nation 's capital who came to McCain 's aid after a former employee began telling the DEA what he knew about her drug problem .
A few months before Tom Gosinski , who worked for McCain 's American Voluntary Medical Team in the early 1990s , came forward to share his observations on McCain 's prescription drug abuse with RAW STORY and others , he had been talking to the Washington Post , which published its own lengthy investigation Friday into the would - be first lady 's struggles with Vicodin and Percocet .
The Post tracked down John Max Johnson , a former doctor for the charity who wrote prescriptions in other AVMT employees ' names that ended up supplying McCain 's personal stash .
The employees did not know their names were being used .
And under DEA regulations , Johnson was supposed to use a form to notify federal officials that he was ordering the narcotics for the charity .
It is illegal for an organization to use personal prescriptions to fill its drug needs .
" The DEA told me it was okay to do it that way , " Johnson told The Washington Post recently , in his first media interview about the case .
" Otherwise , I never would have done it . "
The county report showed that Johnson told officials he knew it was wrong , but he wrote prescriptions at McCain 's request at least twice .
The paper also laid out the steps Dowd took to keep McCain out of trouble and seek retribution on Gosinski .
The DEA questioned the charity 's doctors , and McCain hired John Dowd , a powerhouse Washington lawyer , to represent AVMT .
Dowd had defended John McCain in the Keating Five scandal , helping the senator win the mildest sanction of the five senators involved .
Dowd declined to comment for this article .
Soon , the DEA began looking at Cindy McCain .
Dowd informed Johnson , the physician , that " there 's been further investigation and Cindy 's got a drug problem , " Johnson told county investigators .
The DEA pursued the matter for 11 months .
Dowd kept tabs on the investigation from Washington , writing letters and making frequent phone calls to the agency , according to sources close to the investigation .
McCain 's conduct left her facing federal charges of obtaining " a controlled substance by misrepresenting , fraud , forgery , deception or subterfuge . "
Experts say she could have faced a 20 - year prison sentence .
Dowd negotiated a deal with the U.S. attorney 's office allowing McCain , as a first - time offender , to avoid charges and enter a diversion program that required community service , drug treatment and reimbursement to the DEA for investigative costs .
Johnson agreed to surrender his medical license and retire .
With final negotiations between federal prosecutors and Dowd still underway , Gosinski sued McCain for wrongful termination .
On Feb .
4 , 1994 , Gosinski's attorney , Stanley Lubin , wrote to McCain , saying his client had omitted certain details in his lawsuit " due to their sensitive nature . "
He said that for $ 250,000 , Gosinski would drop the action .
Lubin said in an interview that he met with Dowd , who said the lawsuit was without merit .
" He told me if I thought the senator was going to cave into this extortion , I was going to learn a very serious lesson , " Lubin recalled .
Friday 's
Post article represents the first substantial inquiry into McCain 's drug use by a major US news outlet of this presidential campaign , although the Republican presidential candidate 's spouse has spoken of her struggles with pain killer abuse in interviews before .
The paper said it first spoke to Gosinski in May , so the article has been in the works for some time .
After RAW STORY and others published accounts of independent interviews with Gosinksi Thursday , Americablog 's John Aravosis noticed that the Post appeared to have pulled a story on the topic .
The article was displayed on the front page of Friday 's newspaper .
Shutterstock
SCORE a point for globalisation .
In a landmark vote on Wednesday August 27th America 's financial - markets watchdog , the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) , paved the way for its companies to switch from America 's Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( GAAP ) to international accounting standards .
In a field that is , by reputation , notoriously dull , this looks like something to get genuinely excited about .
GAAP was the beancounter 's gold standard for decades , but it is now widely seen as cumbersome .
Most other countries have embraced the international rules , known as International Financial Reporting Standards ( IFRS ) .
The regulators ' plan envisages American - based multinationals switching to the standards voluntarily in 2010 .
The SEC would then vote on whether to require all other companies to do the same , starting in 2014 .
The commission has already cleared the way for overseas firms to use IFRS when doing business or listing securities in America .
Christopher Cox , the SEC 's chairman , hailed the move to an “ international language of disclosure , transparency and comparability . ”
Big companies have long been preparing for it with enthusiasm .
It will bring each of them one - off costs in the tens of millions , but the savings over time will dwarf the initial outlay .
It could also mean greater profits : one study found that the majority of American firms made more under the foreign rules .
Investors , too , have reason to rejoice .
It will make it easier to compare , say , a French drug company with an American rival .
And the compliance costs of duplicate accounting , the bulk of which investors ultimately bear , will disappear .
Accountants point to other benefits .
IFRS is less complex than GAAP , with fewer exceptions ; America 's accounting rules , like its tax code , are creaking under bolted - on guidance .
It is also more principles - based , granting auditors greater room to use judgment .
This can be good or bad , of course , but most experts say more leeway is needed .
For several years , the SEC and the London - based International Accounting Standards Board ( IASB ) , which oversees the international rules , focused on steadily bringing the two sets of standards together .
But it has been a struggle , largely thanks to the Byzantine nature of the American system .
Mr Cox embraced the more radical approach approved this week in the belief that it would boost the competitiveness of American firms by removing barriers to investment .
The “ roadmap ” is the latest in a string of proposals under his leadership designed to bring American and foreign markets closer together .
Not everyone is happy .
Some politicians , including the head of the congressional committee that oversees the SEC , worry about ceding standard - setting power to the IASB .
Even though America has seats on its board , there is concern that it will be under - represented .
Some want it to have influence commensurate with the size of America 's equity markets , which account for almost half of global market capitalisation .
Others worry about the IASB 's finances and its susceptibility to outside influence .
One of the SEC 's commissioners said the plan should only be waved through once it is clear that secure , independent funding is in place .
There are worries overseas too , for instance that the SEC will try to interfere with IFRS and interpret it in a narrow , prescriptive way .
Standards issued by the IASB are supposed to be endorsed without modification .
It remains to be seen whether America will be able to accept this .
Its relations with international rulemakers can be thorny : think of the World Trade Organisation .
Plenty of other issues still have to be resolved .
Some are technical : IFRS allows fewer securitised assets to be kept off the books than GAAP does , for instance — a matter of import for banks .
Others are broader and altogether more difficult .
For an accounting framework that rests largely on judgment to flourish in rules - based America , the legal and regulatory environment there will need to “ evolve ” , says PricewaterhouseCoopers , a big accounting firm .
That is putting it gently .
Still , this week 's vote was a momentous step — and in the right direction .
By now it seems beyond serious doubt that George Bush and company committed numerous war crimes .
There has now been book after book detailing their actions ; some of the books are legal in character , even when directed at a much broader audience than lawyers , while others are not legal in nature ( e.g. , Charlie Savage ’s and Jane Mayer ’s ) .
The question now , in reality , is not whether crimes have been committed .
It is , rather , what if anything to do about them .
Suggestions range from doing nothing , to a truth and reconciliation commission , to Congressional hearings ( ala the Church committee ) , to criminal trials before state , federal , foreign or international courts , to civil suits for damages brought by injured persons ( e.g. , innocent persons -- some of whom are Americans ) who were detained for months or years and / or physically abused or tortured .
I shall deal here only with certain matters relevant to criminal trials in American courts and possibly relevant , to some extent , to civil trials for damages in domestic courts .
Based on fairly extensive readings from about 2002 - 2003 until today , it seems pretty clear that people who were responsible for or committed torture were well aware from the get - go that what they were doing constituted crimes .
That realization is why CIA officials , from 2002 to 2006 or 2007 demanded memoranda , from the Office of Legal Counsel of the Department of Justice , falsely claiming that the abuse and torture were not criminal acts .
The officials wanted these OLC memos so that they could later avoid or defeat prosecutions by claiming that the decisionmaking office of the DOJ had approved the legality of what they were doing .
The officials wanted a “ golden shield , ” a “ get out of jail free card . ”
As well , knowledge that the acts and Justice Department memoranda supporting them would be strongly opposed if they came to light were among the crucial reasons the acts and supporting memos were kept secret for years .
The opposition , it was well understood , would be based both on American concepts of morality and the fact that the acts were violations of both international criminal law and domestic criminal law .
It was understood by perpetrators and legal enablers of torture that many lawyers in the Executive Branch and the military would be among the strong opponents of what was being done -- lawyers such as the generals and admirals who were the military JAGs , certain armed forces General Counsels , State Department lawyers , and DOJ lawyers .
Thus these lawyers were kept out of the loop to the maximum extent possible .
Information was kept on “ a close hold ” or “ a very close hold , ” information was confined to as few people as possible , so that there would be no knowledge , or as little knowledge as possible , on the part of those who would object to the criminal acts .
The perpetrators and enablers feared the objectors would say the acts were criminal , would say so internally if not externally and , in some cases ( e.g. , if opponents were legislators ) , might publicly denounce and condemn the actions as criminal .
It is , frankly , impossible to overestimate the crucial importance of , and concern for , secrecy to hide the criminal acts .
It was well understood that what was being done could not be done if there were widespread knowledge of it .
While the Executive likes to claim that secrecy was essential lest terrorists learn what was being done and prepare themselves for it -- the type of claim that in the last few years has been made to cover many Executive misdeeds -- it is at least equally if not more true that secrecy was employed because of knowledge that torture and abuse would have to end - - because they would be seen as both immoral and criminal -- when and if they and their supporting DOJ memos became widely known .
And , after the immoral and criminal actions did become widely known , the Executive Branch , via the vociferous demands of Dick Cheney , and with the cooperation of a complaisant John McCain , obtained what it hoped would be immunity for its criminal conduct .
This was done in two statutory sections .
The “ McCain Amendment ” to the Detainee Treatment Act of 2005 provides that in any criminal or civil case arising out of “ specific operational practices ” involving “ detention and interrogation of aliens ” whom Bush or his agents “ believe [ ] to be engaged in or associated with international terrorist activity that poses a serious , continuing threat to the United States . . . and that were officially authorized and determined to be lawful at the time that they were conducted , ” it will be a defense that the defendant “ did not know that the practices were unlawful and a person of ordinary sense and understanding would not know the practices were unlawful . ”
In determining whether an ordinary person would know the practices are unlawful , the McCain Amendment tells courts that “ an important factor ” to consider is “ Good faith reliance on advice of counsel . ”
The other immunity - creating provision is Section 7(e ) of the Military Commissions Act of 2006 .
Subsection ( 1 ) of the Section provides that no court can grant habeas corpus to an “ alien detained by the United States who has been determined by the United States to have been properly detained as an enemy combatant or is awaiting such determination . ”
Subsection ( 2 ) says no court “ shall have jurisdiction to hear or consider any other action . . . relating to any aspect of the detention , transfer , treatment , trial or conditions of confinement of an alien who is or was detained by the United States and has been determined by the United States to have been properly detained as an enemy combatant or is awaiting such determination . ”
( Emphasis added . )
The first part of Section 7(e ) of the Military Commissions Act of 2006 -- i.e. , the “ no habeas corpus ” provision of 7 ( e ) ( 1 ) -- was struck down by the Supreme Court in the Boumediene case in 2008 .
At least some experts say it is not totally clear whether the second part of the Section was also struck down , i.e , whether Subsection 7 ( e ) ( 2 ) , barring any action other than habeas corpus , was also struck down by the Boumediene decision .
I shall assume for purposes of discussion that the Boumediene case did not itself strike down the second subsection , but instead left its legality to be determined in the future .
When one reads the two immunity provisions closely , it is obvious that there are certain holes in the immunity they might otherwise give .
For example , the provisions give immunity only where the victim was an alien , not where he ( or she ? ) was a citizen .
But there were large numbers of citizens who got detained , got questioned , and in lots of cases were abused or even tortured .
Also , the McCain amendment gives immunity only where the acts of abuse or torture were officially authorized and determined to be lawful at the time they were done .
But there were lots of acts , apparently , that , when done , either had not yet been officially authorized , or had not been determined lawful , or both .
As well , the second subsection of the Military Commissions
Act gives immunity only if the alien has been “ determined . . . to have been properly detained as an enemy combatant or is awaiting such determination . ”
But numerous people who were abused or tortured have now been released without any determination that they were enemy combatants .
( Indeed , a court could find that there is no such legal category as “ enemy combatant ” -- in reality there is n’t ; it was something that was simply made up by the Executive -- so that the provision is in effect a nullity because it gives immunity only for a category that does not lawfully exist . )
There is also a so - called “ preemption ” issue .
The wording of the two statutes does not distinguish between federal courts and state courts , but instead seem to confer immunity in any court .
But can this be done ?
Can the federal government preemptively immunize Bush and company from liability for murder under state law -- the crime for which Vincent Bugliosi says Bush and his henchman could and should be prosecuted in state courts ?
But aside from the obvious holes in the statute , there is also a broader point , one that , at least morally speaking , and perhaps legally speaking too , is far more important .
It goes something like this : Can a person , knowing that acts are unlawful , engage in those acts and then obtain immunity by exercising power over the legislative process and by finding lawyers who are willing to write the most incompetent and atrocious legal opinions designed to give the guilty a get out of jail free card ?
It is evident that if these things can be done , then there is an end of law where the truly wealthy and powerful are concerned .
Whether it is Al Capone or Dick Cheney , the filthy rich or obscenely powerful will have it in their power to do the most awful things yet escape the law by using contributions or power to obtain immunity from preexisting law and to buy the opinions of immoral lawyers .
That is the moral and philosophical basis why these things ca n’t be permitted .
What the precise legal rationale would be is something I ’m not sure of , is something on which research must be done .
Perhaps there is some constitutional argument about perverting the legislative process -- which , however , is often perverted -- or some so - called “ equitable ” doctrine , or some ( long forgotten ? ) doctrine of criminal law , which bars this kind of societal distortion .
Or perhaps there is some theory which sets aside immunity if the provision granting it is the product of what in effect is a criminal enterprise .
I myself am not sure of what the legal grounds would be , but I do feel that the immunity here is impermissible , and that a legal methodology must be found to render it impermissible , if we are to have a country of laws .
The issue of acting on advice of counsel raises additional questions .
It is widely thought that there are perhaps six to ten lawyers who are guilty of crimes because they facilitated , they enabled , the criminal conduct perpetrated by torturers .
The names Yoo , Addington , Haynes , Gonzalez , Flanigan , Bradbury , Bybee are among those that leap to mind .
These people cannot claim advice of counsel ; they were the counsel who were doing the advising and were drafting get out of jail free cards for others .
They also knew that what they were advising was illegal , which was one of the main reasons they kept everything a close hold and insured secrecy so that Executive lawyers and officials who would object to their advice as immoral and unlawful would not learn what they were doing .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Link of the day - How PickyDomains.com Changed The Domain Game For Good
HARLAN , Ky . - Politicians are known for lame jokes .
But when Otis " Bullman " Hensley tried a generations - old Appalachian jest on a woman and two girls at the grocery store , the family thought it was downright criminal .
Hensley , who earned notoriety for oddball antics as a longshot gubernatorial candidate , spent three days in jail in this eastern Kentucky coal town last week after being arrested over the wisecrack .
" Jay Leno makes jokes every night and makes millions , " Hensley said in his thick Appalachian accent .
" I make one joke and go to jail . "
He could have faced as many as 10 years in prison , but a charge of attempted unlawful transaction with a minor was dismissed on Monday .
The ordeal began last week when Hensley 's wife sent him to a local grocery store to buy ground beef .
While there , Hensley encountered a woman with her two nieces , ages 11 and 13 .
" I offered to trade her a fattening hog for those girls , " Hensley said .
" I meant it as a joke .
I 've said it a million times .
Most people get a kick out of it . "
The woman did n't laugh .
Instead , the family obtained a warrant for Hensley 's arrest from the local prosecutor , claiming the comment was intended to entice the children into illegal sexual activity .
On Tuesday , the girls ' father accepted an apology from Hensley and shook hands with him in a Harlan County courtroom .
The man declined to discuss the case with reporters afterward .
Prosecutor J.D. Smith asked the judge to dismiss the charge , saying both sides want to put the matter behind them .
" He absolutely meant no harm , " Smith said of Hensley .
" It was a joke to him . "
Appalachian scholar Loyal Jones said the jest Hensley made has been around for generations and actually is intended as a compliment .
" I 've heard many variations of that , " said Jones , retired director of Berea College 's Appalachian Center .
" You might hear ' That 's a good looking boy ; I 'd trade you a pocket knife for him ' ...
Political correctness has ruined country humour . "
In Kentucky , citizens can obtain arrest warrants simply by filing a complaint with local prosecutors .
Defence lawyer Karen Davenport said no investigation is necessary for police to make an arrest when the charge involves an alleged sexual offense .
In the Hensley case , Davenport said , the arrest was unwarranted because he had done nothing criminal .
In the last two gubernatorial campaigns , Hensley travelled the state with a giant Fiberglas bull on which he attached a sign proclaiming that , if elected , he would " chase the bull out of Frankfort . "
He received 3.3 per cent of the vote in 2003 , his best showing .
[ Via - CBC.ca ]
Amtrak train runs out of fuel , 80 passengers stranded for 2 hours
Kansas university fires mooning debate coach
Baby whale seems to think yacht is its mother
Texas police say 12 - year - old girl drove mom to bar
Oakland man gets 2 ½ years for crank phone threats
An Oakland man was sentenced today to 2 1/2 years in federal prison for threatening to blow up San Francisco City Hall and the Westfield Shopping Mall .
Devon Craft , 22 , pleaded guilty in May to threatening to destroy property by explosives .
He admitted that on July 13 , 2006 , he used a cell phone to place four 911 calls threatening " terrorist attacks " in San Francisco .
Craft admitted that he tried to disguise his voice by using a " Middle Eastern accent " in his calls , during which he also threatened to blow up the " San Francisco Tribune " and said innocent people would die , prosecutors said .
Craft also admitted to making threatening phone calls in June 2006 regarding attacks at the San Mateo and Dumbarton bridges " so that he could get time off work to visit his son at the hospital , " prosecutors said .
Court records did not indicate how Craft believed the threats would provide him with time off .
At a hearing today in San Francisco , U.S. District Judge Marilyn Hall Patel ordered Craft to serve 30 months in federal prison .
The sentence will be on top of state - prison terms he is now serving for unrelated theft and robbery in cases from Alameda County .
Authorities said Craft was sentenced to more than two years in state prison for store parking lot robberies in November 2006 in Alameda County .
Craft grabbed women 's backpacks , purses and handbags in the robberies , authorities said .
HurriCam !
Live from Houma , LA !
Watch Gustav happen from the eye of the storm !
There are all sorts of neat things to spot with Google Earth and Google Street View .
Apparently including some guy that 's shitcanned and passed out in his neighborhood .
When this drunken Aussie was shaken awake by police he prayed none of the neighbors had seen him collapsed on the curb .
Unfortunately millions could gaze at his slumped form .
For at the moment he passed out , Google 's Street View camera car was filming in that corner of Melbourne .
And the man - identified only as Bill , 46 , - is not happy .
The fisherman who had been drowning his sorrows at a funeral , said : " I was n't thinking there would be someone driving by with a camera . "
Now I 've never been to a jeans and tennis shoe funeral , but I 'm sure they exist .
But Bill , a word of advice -- there is ALWAYS somebody driving by with a camera .
If it 's not Google , it 's the government or a psycho ex-girlfriend .
Or maybe the PI your wife hired to catch you cheating .
My point is this : if you have to pass out , keep your legs out of the freaking street .
Because if the camera car had been driving anything like I do , now performing a Google search for " your legs " would n't find any matches .
Hit the jump to see a picture of a Google Street View of a house on fire from Sherwood , Arkansas .
Google Earth catches drunken man passing out on kerb [ mirror ]
and
Google StreetView Spies Burning Home ( Probably Microsoft Guy's House ) [ gizmodo ]
Thanks SilverSidedDotCom -- shit , did I just plug a website ?
No fair , you tricked me !
Russia Leader Says US Delivering Weapons to Georgia in Guise of Aid
By Emma Stickgold
Moscow
06 September 2008
Russian President Dmitri Medvedev accused the United States of re-arming the Georgian army Saturday , using humanitarian aid as a cover .
The leader 's charges came as European Union foreign ministers met to discuss the conflict in Georgia .
Emma Stickgold has this report for the VOA in Moscow .
President Dmitri Medvedev 's strongly - worded comments came a day after the U.S. Sixth fleet sailed into the Georgian port of Poti , to deliver humanitarian aid .
Under the close watch of Russian forces , 17 tons of humanitarian aid was dropped off at the Black Sea port .
U.S. officials said the ships were delivering items such as toothpaste , toilet paper , blankets and other necessities , while Russian officials alleged that the shipments were also delivering weapons .
In a speech delivered before the State Council , a group of regional governors , industry leaders and federal officials , Mr. Medvedev said that the Western countries failed to show Russia support during the conflict .
Medvedev said , " Russia will never allow anyone to infringe upon the lives and dignity of its citizens , " adding " Russia is a nation to be reckoned with from now on . "
Georgian troops launched an attack last month to try to take back the breakaway region of South Ossetia .
Russia responded by sending troops into Georgia , and remain there , in " security zones . "
U.S. officials said that 450 tons of aid has been delivered to Georgia on naval ships and U.S. planes , and that the flagship of the most recent fleet to bring aid was followed by a Russian warship .
European Union leaders met Saturday in southern France to determine how to respond to the actions of both Russia and Georgia .
Several foreign ministers called for an independent inquiry to find out what exactly happened , while others hoped to figure out whether human rights abuses took place .
The United States has lambasted Moscow for what it called a disproportionate military response and provided humanitarian and economic aid to Georgia .
Vice President Dick Cheney , at an economic meeting Saturday in Italy , blasted Russian actions in the war as an " affront to civilized standards " and said Moscow has given " no satisfactory justification " for invading Georgia .
The E.U. has halted partnership talks with Moscow , saying that it will resume once troops have conformed to an E.U. - backed peace plan .
--
In case you ’ve been living in a cave for the last 24 hours and have n’t heard , Google unveiled its own Web browser , Chrome , Tuesday .
Reviews say it is pretty darn fast .
CNET
--
But bloggers say they ’ve found its first security flaw .
CNET
-- Unless they 're on Wi -Fi , iPhone users on the East Coast probably are n't reading this blog from their devices .
AT&T appears to be experiencing a data outage there .
Engadget
-- Frustrated users probably should n’t follow the lead of a Canadian playwright who allegedly held a technician hostage till he fixed her Internet connection .
Slashdot
-- Want to get a story onto Digg ’s home page ?
Pay some guy $ 1,200 and he might just help you do so .
TechCrunch
--
Or else you can take that money and buy three computers :
Dell says you ’ll soon be able to buy a Dell mini-notebook for less than $ 400 .
WSJ
-- MAPme releases a widget today it says is better than Google Maps .
TechCrunch
--
If a geek has a tattoo , is he still a geek ?
If the tattoo is of something not very tough like a tape measure , than yes .
Wired
-- An overview of the WB.com .
What could be better than " Gilmore Girls " and " Everwood " in the same place ?
Web Scout
Photo : Francis Storr via Flickr
Last.fm announced today that it has made its service available to Japan and will start streaming music to the country in an effort to expand its presence across the world .
Lost amidst the otherwise mundane news , the company also included an interesting fact : since offering its free on - demand service that lets you stream full songs three times , its click - through purchase rates are up an astounding 119 percent .
The company ( rightfully so ) believes this success is due to its willingness to let you stream the entire song before you decide whether or not you want to purchase it .
It may seem like a small piece of a far more complicated puzzle of music downloading and purchasing , but it ’s an important element .
I do n’t know how many times I ’ve used iTunes or tried to buy a song on Amazon ’s MP3 service only to find that the thirty - second clip did n’t let me hear any lyrics or failed to capture the section of the song that I actually knew and enjoyed .
And when that happened , I was forced to hold off my purchase .
But if I had been able to listen to the entire song , I would have bought it right then and the music industry would have had itself another satisfied shopper .
Of course , it ’s that same music industry that does n’t allow me to stream songs in full and only begrudgingly allowed Last . fm to do just that .
But if it finally wakes up and realizes that it should n’t be scared of users , but more inviting to them , it stands to reason that more people would be buying songs , if the Last . fm statistics were representative of buying preference .
But once again , the debate on this issue goes back to trust .
Can the music industry find it within itself to finally trust the users and allow them to consume songs at a rate that they desire ?
So far , it can’t .
Regardless of the progress Last.fm has made , we ’re still fighting against an industry that has a deep distaste for users and has gone out of its way to make sure you do n’t have the kind of freedom you should expect when you license the right to play a song .
The only thing working in our favor is the simple fact that business and money rules all else in the music industry and more times than not , these companies would be willing to jump on the bandwagon if there ’s a proven record of streaming an entire song yielding higher revenue .
Unfortunately , the revenue probably wo n’t hit a suitable level unless full songs can be streamed on iTunes before purchase and the chances of that happening are , well , practically zero .
And so we find ourselves in a Catch - 22 .
In order to have the ability to stream entire songs , we need to buy them and show the music industry we like that feature .
But in order to have that option , the sales need to be high enough for them to justify allowing major vendors to offer the option .
Maybe one day the music industry will wake up and realize that sharing music and changing business models are n’t bad at all .
But until that day , expect more of the same .
Well known American actress , socialite and singer Miley Cyrus has been caught up in mega rumors of a new full sex tape porn video featuring one of her ex-boyfriends said to possibly be Justin Gaston and Miley getting down and dirty after a local party in LA .
Reports are saying the video is extremely nasty as the male even ejaculates on her face in the alleged Miley Cyrus sex tape video .
At first a ton of websites claimed to have the footage of Miley Cyrus doing … well very nasty things including but not limited to playing with seamen in her mouth ( gross ) after blowing her boyfriend and other celebrity sex tape fun type stuff .
The site that started the rumor appears to be all fake with what also seems to be great Photoshop skill .
After looking more into this site they are also being being sued by about a dozen or so celebs for making up nude celebrity news , however in the celeb biz any press is good press so nothing has come out of all those lawsuits as of yet .
The crazy thing with the videos we are talking about is Google the search engine king still shows the fake videos at the top of their search results for people searching for the information her tapes .
Guess they need a better algorithm update again .
lol
Calls to Miley ’s reps have not been returned , however she was stopped by paparazzi after leaving a night club and was asked about the sex tapes …
Here is the quote they got as she got into a waiting vehicle “ Is it me ?
I do n’t know what do you think , does it look like me ?
I am going to go make another one right now , want to be the cameraman ? ”
We do n’t know if Miley was just being a smart ass but there ya go straight from her mouth .
We here at SexTape.com have looked long and hard and from what we can find there is currently no actual Miley Cyrus sex tape although with her recent antics we figure it ’s just a matter of time .
Until then enjoy videos of the celebs that have gone on camera and released their tapes .
[ UPDATE ] – Miley Cyrus has had some more exposed nude content leak to the net this week of her naked little hot body … this seems to be a reoccurring theme here .
LOL Anyways , Miley said “ no biggie I can give you guys more if you want , just ask . ”
LOL
We love this new Miley !
There is one thing that is for sure and that is that she has successfully shed her Disney character and is now a full fledged sex goddess .
[ UPDATE ] – More exposed content of Miley has leaked recently along with all the other celebs that the hackers have been hitting like Kim Kardashian , Amber Rose , Jennifer Lawrence , Iggy Azalea , Jessica Findlay and the list goes on forever …
The content in question is more nude selfies that Miley took while in a very nice motel room .
We are still waiting on any word as to videos and just as soon as we hear or see something that is the real deal we will of course update everyone the minute we know for sure !
[ UPDATE ] – Well at least now we can confirm that Miley Cyrus does indeed have some private sex tapes as we got the scoop straight from the horses mouth but do n’t get to excited yet , they are still locked down in Miley ’s private collection .
Miley said in public that her and her boyfriend Patrick Swarzenegger have made several tapes in multiple locations and watch the video afterwords as fun and to keep the sex life hot .
A very close source said that Cyrus has mentioned that their sex life has consisted of filming and taking pictures and it turns them both on very much to watch the videos !
[ UPDATE ] – New video tape of Miley and her current lesbian lover Stella Maxwell messing around naked while rubbing and licking cake off each other has hit the web and according to the sources it gets pretty damn dirty .
Not that we did not know Miley was a dirty / kinky little thing already .
Another great moment in Western democracy .
Looking at how well outsourcing the Underground and train system has gone one can only imagine what a mess this is going to be .
Why do politicians ...
I am not really sure that I like the idea of private companies ( aka many prisons ) , using inmates to do science .
Especially when those companies push hard for mandatory minimum sentencing laws .
But honestly I would imagine teaching inmates science would be better than having them make license plates .
That being said , Nalini Nadkarni of Evergreen State College currently advises a team of researchers who sport shaved heads , tattooed biceps and prison - issued garb rather than the lab coats and khakis typically worn by researchers .
Why is Nadkarni ’s team composed of such apparently iconoclastic researchers ?
Because all of her researchers are inmates at Cedar Creek Corrections Center , a medium security prison in Littlerock , Washington .
With partial funding from the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) , Nadkarni has guided her unlikely but productive team of researchers since 2004 , as they conduct experiments to identify the best ways to cultivate slow - growing mosses .
Nadkarni ’s so - called Moss - in - Prisons project is designed to help ecologists replace large quantities of ecologically important mosses that are regularly illegally stripped from Pacific Northwest forests by horticulturalists .
Why did Nadkarni recruit inmates into her research team ?
“ Because , ” she explains , “ I need help from people who have long periods of time available to observe and measure the growing mosses ; access to extensive space to lay out flats of plants ; and fresh minds to put forward innovative solutions . ”
In addition to managing the Moss - in - Prisons research at Cedar Creek , Nadkarni helps the facility ’s inmates run various projects that promote sustainable living –including an organic garden that produces 15,000 pounds of fresh vegetables every summer , a bee - keeping operation and a composting operation that processes one ton of food per month .
One member of Nadkarni ’s research team , who was released from Cedar Creek , enrolled in a Ph.D. program in microbiology at the University of Nevada and presented his Cedar Creek research at the annual meeting of the Ecological Society of America in August 2008 .
Nadkarni started the Moss - in - Prisons project with a type of NSF award that is specially designed to help scientists reach out to public audiences .
More recently , she has received additional funding from the Washington State Department of Corrections .
In addition , Nadkarni has creatively stretched project resources by recruiting other NSF - funded researchers to contribute to a popular lecture series that she started at Cedar Creek .
By giving such lectures , these scientists fulfill requirements for conducting public outreach that accompany NSF awards .
A recent TV news report about the Moss - in - Prisons and the sustainability projects at Cedar Creek is posted here .
This site is now 100 % read - only , and retired .
The name of the next Debian Stable Release announced
Posted by Steve on Mon 1 Sep 2008 at 12:23
It was recently announced that the next Debian stable release , the one after Lenny , will be called Squeeze .
This continues the theme of naming Debian stable releases after characters from the Disney / Pixar movie Toy Story .
The Squeeze Character is n't a terribly well known one , but I 'm sure that will change now !
Soleil Moon Frye aka Punky Brewster ( Photos , Bio )
, 32 , started acting at age two .
The daughter of actor , she got her acting breakthrough in 1984 when she was cast as 8 - year - old Penelope ' Punky ' Brewster on the NBC weekly sitcom that lasted two seasons .
The show had the youngster living in an abandoned Chicago apartment with her dog .
Punky Brewster 's network run was short but proved to be a big hit in rerun syndication .
The original cast was also hired to do voice over for the animated cartoon by the same name that aired from 1985 to 1989 .
Soleil , which is French for sun , got her unusual name from the musical Annie Get Your Guns .
She makes her living by continuing to do voice overs .
Her vocals are featured by the character Zoey in the 2005 Proud Family Movie .
She also provides voice over for the character Jade in the cartoon series Bratz .
Soleil is married to Jason Goldberg , a television producer and actor .
He and actor Ashton Kutcher run the production company Katalyst Films .
Goldberg and Frye have two young children , a daughter Poet Sienna Rose and a son Jagger Joseph Blue .
Once a member of the Church of Scientology , Soleil has now converted to Judaism .
Frye is co-founder of the Little Seed , an environmentally conscious children 's specialty boutique in Los Angeles .
Her best friend is actress Melissa Joan Hart , who played the starring role on Sabrina , The Teenage Witch .
Photo gallery below .
All 137 puzzle games that are based on logic , also knowns as : thinking games .
Escrow service is the preferred method of transaction for digital assets that reduces the potential risk of fraud by acting as a trusted third party which collects , holds , and then subsequently releases funds according to the Buyer and Seller instructions .
We use Escrow.com the leader in this industry .
Step 1 : The Buyer and Seller agree to the terms of the sale .
Step 2 : The Buyer transfers the money to the escrow company .
Step 3 : The Seller transfers the digital asset / premium domain name to the seller .
Step 4 : The Buyer accepts the digital asset is now in their control .
Step 5 : The Escrow service confirms all conditions are met and pays the Seller .
It is very simple , safe , secure for both parties , and we assist you every step of the way !
Smile Foundation in Brief
Smile Foundation is a national level development organisation working in 25 states of India through 250 projects on issues of education , healthcare , livelihood and women empowerment , directly benefitting over 400,000 underprivileged children and families .
Smile follows the model of Social Venture Philanthropy , an idea successful in the business world as venture capitalism .
Smile identifies , handholds and build capacities of genuine grassroots NGOs to achieve scalability and sustainability with a deep sense of accountability among the non-profits .
Credibility and accountability have always been the benchmark for Smile Foundation and are achieved through the adotion of principles of good governance in its processes and practices .
Smile Foundation has a four - tier audit and evaluation mechanism to ensure impact of investment and complete transparency and accountability in utilisation of funds .
This mechanism reviews programmes and projects , internal operations , compliance of statutory norms and conducts an external evaluation for the impact and outcome of various development programmes .
Smile Foundation has had the privilege of getting support from more than 250 global brands besides various national and international alliances in course of its journey so far .
Mission Education , a national level programme of Smile Foundation , focuses on providing basic education to underprivileged children , thereby creating the process required for streamlining the underprivileged children to mainstream schools .
Since 2002 , Mission Education has benefitted more than underprivileged 200,000 children across India .
Smile on Wheels is a mobile hospital programme which brings curative , preventive and promotive healthcare services to the doorsteps of underprivileged families in remote rural areas and underserved urban slums .
Smile on Wheels programme has directly impacted the lives of more than 10,00,000 children and families so far .
Smile Twin e-Learning Programme ( STeP ) is a livelihood programme that trains urban and rural underprivileged youth in market - oriented job skills for enhancing their prospects of employment in the fast expanding retail , hospitality and service sectors .
Smile Foundation has so far trained over 22,600 youth and placed 14,500 among them in more than 150 leading brands across India .
Swabhiman is an initiative for empowerment of women and girl children through establishing health seeking behaviour , providing educational support , empowerment through male involvement , sustaining the change by involving communities , and sensitisation .
Swabhiman has benefited over 500,000 women and girls directly .
Google will launch a Web browser called Chrome that will take on Microsoft ’s Internet Explorer and apparently Mozilla ’s Firefox , which the search giant essentially funds .
In an odd leak , Google sent Google Blogoscoped a comic book outlining the technology in its Chrome browser .
The leak was confirmed by Kara Swisher and the Wall Street Journal ( see the full comic book via Swisher ) .
Philipp Lenssen outlines the following technical details ( Techmeme ) :
Google ’s browser will be open source ; Chrome will include a JavaScript Virtual Machine built from scratch ; abs will be moved around ;
The browser has an address bar with auto-completion .
There ’s a privacy feature like IE has ;
And Google aims to be proactive about fighting phishing and malware attacks .
Update : Google confirmed that Chrome will launch on Tuesday in a beta that will cover 100 countries .
Google said on its blog .
The media continues to present this phony moral equivalency : Obama 's ads are somehow just as negative as McCain's .
On Meet the Press Sunday , Andrea Mitchell exemplified this ludicrous meme , unintentionally entering Onion and Saturday Night Live territory when she called the following " a remarkably negative ad " :
Here 's the specific context in which Mitchell presented this specious notion :
TOM BROKAW : Can they continue to tag John McCain with George Bush ?
MITCHELL : They can , and , in fact , they 're doing it with a remarkably negative ad .
I mean , we talk a lot about the negativity on the Republican side .
But the fact is that Barack Obama has so much more money , and some of these targeted ads , one that they unveiled on Thursday and Friday of this week and it's on national television , has John McCain in his own words saying , in another interview , in another context , " I voted , I supported George Bush 90 percent of the time . "
So they 've got him on videotape .
And the fact is , that this ad is running and running and running .
... Yes , the robocalls are reaching hundreds of thousands of people , the negative robotic calls from the Republican side .
But these ads are reaching millions and millions of people . "
With all due respect to planetary travel , what planet is Mitchell on ?
This kind of nonsense should be beneath a serious news organization 's Chief Foreign Affairs Correspondent .
It 's the kind of comment or , as they call it in the " real parts of America , " lie that we 'd expect from Fox News wingnuts , their talk radio minions , and desperate McCain Pfotenhauers .
As much a lie as calling Obama a " socialist " or saying he " pals around with terrorists . "
Yet Mitchell states this falsehood as fact and no one on the panel , including host Tom Brokaw , calls her on it .
Even worse is Mitchell 's feckless defense of her accusation : McCain 's 90 % comment was unfairly taken out of context .
McCain told Fox News ' Neil Cavuto on 5/22/03 , " The president and I agree on most issues .
There was a recent study that showed that I voted with the president over 90 percent of the time , higher than a lot of my even Republican colleagues . "
I 'd like to hear Mitchell explain what possible additional context would dispel the fact that McCain touted his allegiance to Bush over five years ago and then , as confirmed by Congressional Quarterly , remained steadfast in his avowed allegiance by continuing to vote with Bush 90 % of the time over the next five years ?
I 'd like to hear it because no such context exists .
Calling this " a remarkably negative ad " is like calling vanilla a remarkably exotic flavor , McCain a remarkably sunny candidate , Palin a remarkably complex thinker , or , say , Andrea Mitchell a remarkably responsible journalist .
It 's the kind of overt stupidity and shameless mendacity that helped drum up support for attacking a country that never attacked us .
The kind of sloppy reporting that continues to claim McCain took a noble stand against torture when , in fact , he folded on the torture issue by voting to sanction the " enhanced interrogation techniques " -- including historically known forms of torture such as waterboarding , stress positions and sleep deprivation -- in the Military Commissions
Act of 2006 ; given another chance to right that wrong , he caved once again to the extremists in his party .
( Yes , the Obama campaign gives McCain credit on " standing against torture " for whatever political calculation it has made -- throw the war hero a bone ?
if Obama brought it up it would shed light on his lack of military service ? -- but the media has endlessly perpetuated this myth , or lie , to the benefit of McCain and detriment of the American people . )
The kind of hack journalism that needs to be corrected not just by media critics and partisans but by every mainstream journalist who hopes to restore a level of professionalism we watched vanish during the Bush years .
Incidentally , McCain has also said , " I have agreed with President Bush far more than I have disagreed .
And on the transcendent issues , the most important issues of our day , I have been totally in agreement and support of President Bush . ”
[ NBC , “ Meet The Press , ” 6/19/05 ]
And : " No one has supported President Bush on Iraq more than I have . "
[ The Mike Gallagher Show , 3/28/08 ]
Meanwhile , here is just one of the robocalls Mitchell portrays as equivalent to Obama 's 90 % ad :
" I 'm calling for John McCain and the RNC because you need to know that Barack Obama has worked closely with domestic terrorist Bill Ayers , whose organization bombed the U.S. Capitol , the Pentagon , a judge 's home , and killed Americans .
And Democrats will enact an extreme leftist agenda if they take control of Washington .
Barack Obama and his Democratic allies lack the judgment to lead our country .
This call was paid for by McCain - Palin 2008 and the Republican National Committee . "
That is remarkable .
[ Ed. Note : Enjoy this media critique ?
Subscribe to receive email alerts so you do n't miss the next one ( or the next media report or satire ) .
Since MBH does n't post daily , it 's not only the best way to keep up but you also wo n't be deluged by emails .
And it 's recession - proof ( i.e. free ) .
Just drop your email address in the top right - hand column above and look for your auto - confirmation email . ]
First off , thanks to the Pope I had a 7 AM Saturday wake up with helicopters flying overhead .
Some idiot has recently decided that helicopters over the previously peaceful skies of Paris are always necessary , just to remind us that someone is doing something .
( Hint : look for the person wearing platform shoes with a Napoleon complex and low poll ratings . )
I do n’t even get the Pope ’s repeated attacks on money and power because , well , he has lots of money and power .
Besides his affection for Prada and Gucci , just how frugal is life at the Vatican ?
Anyone who has ever visited the Vatican is no doubt familiar with the luxuries inside and that ’s only the section that they allow outsiders to see .
I hear it ’s much nicer inside and despite the big talk of abstinence for others , that may not be the case for the select few living there .
Maybe there ’s been a big change lately and the Vatican is selling off its riches and they ’re all going to take a vow of poverty .
I may have missed that press release so apologies if I got that wrong .
San Francisco 's political establishment has long prided itself on providing a haven for illegal immigrants .
Mayor Gavin Newsom even launched a taxpayer - funded $ 83,000 " public awareness campaign " earlier this year assuring illegal immigrants that the " sanctuary city " by the bay was in their court .
And indeed it is .
Under the city 's 1989 voter - approved sanctuary ordinance , police officers and other city employees are prohibited from inquiring into immigration status .
In addition , the city will not direct municipal funds or employees towards assisting federal immigration enforcement , unless such assistance is required by federal or state law or a warrant .
No doubt such protections warm the heart of the city 's liberal leadership .
But San Francisco 's status as a sanctuary city is having unintended consequences .
The brutal and senseless murder last month of Tony Bologna and his sons Michael , 20 , and Matthew , 16 , at the hands of Edwin Ramos , a native of El Salvador and known member of the Mara Salvatrucha ( MS - 13 ) street gang , was a reminder that inviting illegal activity can turn deadly .
The Bolognas were on their way back from a family picnic when they inadvertently blocked Ramos ' car from making a left turn in the Excelsior district .
When Bologna politely backed up to let the other car past , Ramos responded by opening fire and killing all three passengers .
Ramos has been charged with three counts of murder , with the added penalty of street - gang involvement .
So far , much of the outcry surrounding the case has centered on San Francisco district attorney Kamala Harris ' policy of not seeking the death penalty , in this case , against the wishes of widow , Danielle Bologna .
But in the process , Ramos ' immigration status has largely been overlooked .
Ramos ' original lawyer , Joseph O'Sullivan , claimed that his client was in the country legally and applying for permanent residence , but federal immigration authorities insist otherwise and promise to deport Ramos if he is convicted .
O'Sullivan has since asked to be removed from the case , claiming a connection via a previous client .
Thus , he has never had to explain his assertions regarding Ramos ' immigration status .
This certainly was n't Ramos ' first brush with the law .
He was booked both on felony weapons charges and for being a member of a criminal street gang earlier this year , but escaped prosecution for lack of evidence .
However , as reported by the San Francisco Chronicle , the San Francisco Police Department " cited ' numerous documented contacts ' that officers had with Ramos and [ his companion ]
Lopez , and said both were active members of the MS - 13 street gang . ' "
But thanks to San Francisco 's sanctuary city status , instead of being reported to federal immigration authorities and deported , Ramos was allowed continue to roam the streets of San Francisco until his arrest for the Bologna killings .
San Francisco 's sanctuary policy has also taken a statewide toll .
While adult illegal immigrant felons are not protected by the ordinance , no such stipulation exists for juvenile offenders , and city officials have used that loophole to dump the problem onto other counties .
Earlier this month , San Bernardino County officials threatened to sue the city of San Francisco for sending a group of Honduran , illegal immigrant , juvenile crack dealers to group homes in the city of Yucaipa without notification .
Eight of them simply walked away from the unsecured group homes and only one has been recaptured .
Officials later acknowledged that this was n't the first time San Francisco had unloaded criminal illegal immigrants onto San Bernardino County .
In fact , Yucaipa has seen a rise in violent crime in accordance with the influx of foreign offenders to its group homes in recent years .
This time around , the outcry from San Bernardino officials caused Mayor Newsom to alter the city 's approach to juvenile offenders .
No doubt , Newsom 's interest in running for governor of California , which he announced just before the controversy erupted , influenced his decision .
While Newsom may find a sympathetic audience in San Francisco to his former commitment to sanctuary protections for illegal immigrants , it could prove a liability on the statewide level .
Even on a local level , there 's some indication that people are getting fed up with the city 's insistence on emphasizing ideology over public safety .
In a local CBS poll , 79 percent of respondents agreed that San Francisco should " turn over convicted illegal immigrants for deportation . "
Monetary concerns are another factor .
It does n't help that Mayor Newsom and other officials bemoan the city 's $ 338 million budget deficit , even as funds continue to pour into sustaining San Francisco 's sanctuary city policies .
San Francisco has spent millions of dollars housing juvenile , illegal immigrant offenders and hundreds of thousands of dollars flying them back to their countries of origin in recent years , instead of turning them over to federal immigration authorities as federal law requires .
In the wake of the furor over the Honduran case and federal authorities ' demand that San Francisco end the flights , the city started housing some of the dealers in youth rehabilitation centers , costing taxpayers $ 7,000 per month , per person .
Then there 's San Francisco Supervisor and State Assembly candidate Tom Ammiano's brilliant plan to provide municipal identification cards to those who either cannot or will not obtain a state - issued driver 's license – or in other words , illegal immigrants .
Set to go into effect next month , the ID program could cost up to $ 2.86 million in the first three years , according to a County Clerk estimate .
As it turns out , Newsom 's aforementioned $ 83,000 taxpayer - funded love letter to illegal immigrants was just the icing on the cake .
Supporters of San Francisco 's sanctuary city policies , which include members of the local faith community who inspired the original ordinance , argue that the current approach is the only humane solution .
In its 2007 pledge , the New Sanctuary Movement , describing immigration raids , stated that " We cannot in good conscience ignore such suffering and injustice . "
But where is the compassion for the injustice inflicted upon American citizens ?
Others argue that juvenile illegal immigrants deserve special treatment because they are minors .
But this ignores the fact that criminal illegal immigrants and the drug cartels for whom some of them work , are aware of San Francisco 's former sanctuary loophole and have taken to falsely claiming juvenile status as a result .
Still , others argue that police departments need to work with illegal immigrants in the community in order to effectively tackle crime and that fears of deportation get in the way .
But extending the current , chaotic state of affairs will only lead to further crime and misery , even for those within such communities .
While San Francisco 's sanctuary city ordinance may have been well - intentioned , it has resulted in an untenable and anarchic situation that is taking its toll on city residents and surrounding counties alike .
Providing sanctuary for law - breakers at the expense of law - abiding citizens is neither a compassionate nor a moral approach .
The issue is not one of callousness towards illegal immigrants , but rather , the duty owed American citizens by their government .
In some respects , every layer of the government has failed this test , but in this case , it 's the local government that is absconding on its duties .
And all San Francisco officials can seem to offer up is more of the same .
They do n't call it the Wild West for nothing .
Want to be a US Presidential write - in candidate in 2008 ?
Choose a state from the list on the right to see that state 's requirements to make sure write - in votes for you get counted in the upcoming 2008 US Presidential election .
Copenhagen
The Arctic Hotel in Ilulissat , Greenland , is a charming little place on the West Coast , but no one would ever confuse it for a Four Seasons  maybe a One Seasons .
But when my wife and I walked back to our room after dinner the other night and turned down our dim hallway , the hall light went on .
It was triggered by an energy - saving motion detector .
Our toilet even had two different flushing powers depending on  how do I say this delicately  what exactly you ’re flushing .
A two - gear toilet !
I ’ve never found any of this at an American hotel .
Oh , if only we could be as energy efficient as Greenland !
A day later , I flew back to Denmark .
After appointments here in Copenhagen , I was riding in a car back to my hotel at the 6 p.m. rush hour .
And boy , you knew it was rush hour because 50 percent of the traffic in every intersection was bicycles .
That is roughly the percentage of Danes who use two - wheelers to go to and from work or school every day here .
If I lived in a city that had dedicated bike lanes everywhere , including one to the airport , I ’d go to work that way , too .
It means less traffic , less pollution and less obesity .
What was most impressive about this day , though , was that it was raining .
No matter .
The Danes simply donned rain jackets and pants for biking .
If only we could be as energy smart as Denmark !
Unlike America , Denmark , which was so badly hammered by the 1973 Arab oil embargo that it banned all Sunday driving for a while , responded to that crisis in such a sustained , focused and systematic way that today it is energy independent .
( And it did n’t happen by Danish politicians making their people stupid by telling them the solution was simply more offshore drilling . )
Mystery of the ' couple ' buried arm in arm 1,000 years ago :
Not husband and wife but Saxon warriors
For a thousand years they have lain side by side in a rough earth grave , one throwing a skeletal arm across the other .
Believed to be Saxon warriors , they are thought to have died together and been buried together as brothers in arms .
Their return to the limelight after so many centuries comes as archaeologists work on a 90 - acre site near Ramsgate in Kent before it is developed into a salad - growing complex .
Remains of what is thought to be two brothers in arms , thought to date back to the Saxon period between 410 AD and 1066AD
At first they were taken to be a man and wife , buried some time during the Saxon period between 410 and 1066 , but now that opinion has changed .
Soldier : A Saxon in battledress
Adrian Gollop , project officer at the Canterbury Archaeological Trust , said : ' It is quite a rare discovery .
' The body on the right is definitely male .
' They are exceptionally tall , both over six feet .
The one on the left has got some female traits to it but it does seem to be male .
' Until we get the bones examined , we can not be 100 per cent certain .
' We think they could have been buried as brothers in arms .
' There were no artefacts buried with them to give us any clues .
It is a bit of a mystery . '
The trust hopes that forensic tests on the bones will help solve the puzzle .
Other graves and artefacts ranging from the early bronze age between 2700BC and 1500 BC to medieval times have been found on the site .
Another poignant grave is from the Roman era and is that of a young girl - thought to be in her early teens - who died in childbirth .
The mother and baby seem to have been buried soon after death with the young girl still holding a smoothed pebble she was probably holding as a comforter during labour .
An archaeologist works on the remains of a girl in her early teens dating back to the Roman period who died during child birth .
She suffered a breech birth and the remains of her baby can be seen in the birth canal
9/11 Facts Timeline
Media Timeline of 9/11 Facts
Please wait to be automatically transferred to the correct webpage for 9/11 timeline facts .
See our archive of highly revealing 9/11 facts news articles at this link
Explore the mind and heart expanding websites managed by the nonprofit PEERS network :
www.peerservice.org - PEERS websites : Spreading inspiration , education , & empowerment www.momentoflove.org -
Every person in the world has a heart www.personalgrowthcourses.net - Dynamic online courses powerfully expand your horizons www.WantToKnow.info - Reliable , verifiable information on major cover-ups www.weboflove.org - Strengthening the Web of Love that interconnects us all
To respond to this message on 9/11 facts , visit www.WantToKnow.info/contactus.php.
Air pollution director : ' This is the worst air quality wildfire period that we 've ever had '
“ If the white Christian evangelic movement believes they can do it alone , I ’ve got news for you , ” said the Rev. Samuel Rodriguez , the president of the National Hispanic Christian Leadership Conference in Sacramento , which supports the measure .
“ They do n’t have the sheer numbers to do it without the minority effort . ”
Image Joseph Barham , left , and Ariel Owens after their marriage in San Francisco on June 17 .
Credit ... Peter DaSilva for The New York Times
The Obama factor is just one potential element in the battle over Proposition 8 .
Both sides said they expected to spend $ 20 million or more to help blanket airwaves .
One advertisement by opponents shows a heterosexual bride on her way to the altar thwarted by various obstacles  a broken door , a clingy child  before the tagline : “ What if you could n’t marry the person you loved ? ”
Polls have shown Proposition 8 is trailing .
A Field Poll of likely voters conducted last week found the measure was favored by 38 percent of voters and opposed by 55 percent .
Mr. Obama , who has said he does not favor same - sex marriage , has stated his opposition to Proposition 8 , calling the measure “ divisive and discriminatory ” in a letter to a gay Democratic club in San Francisco .
But opponents are not declaring victory .
“ We think there ’s 15 to 20 percent that are still undecided on this issue , ” said Geoff Kors , executive director of Equality California , which supports gay rights .
“ We do believe that if we can get our message out at least equal to the other side , we will win , but that ’s a fund - raising issue . ”
Mr. Kors said opponents of Proposition 8 had raised about $ 12 million so far .
Supporters of the proposition , which qualified for the ballot shortly after the Supreme Court decision , said they had raised about $ 15 million .
Those donations include money from religious and conservative groups , including $ 1 million from the Knights of Columbus and $ 500,000 from the American Family Association , run by the Rev. Donald E. Wildmon .
That group ’s
Web site includes a fund - raising video for Proposition 8 featuring a clip of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. while a speaker comments on the duty of black pastors to speak out in favor of Proposition 8 .
Some supporters of the measure also say they sense a newfound enthusiasm in their ranks since Gov. Sarah Palin became the running mate of the Republican presidential nominee , Senator John McCain .
by Tricia
Dawn sent me a link to a Yahoo video about a couple that took on the challenge of using only cash for one month .
Yahoo ABC Video
ABC Printed Story
What was the result ?
They lived with some inconveniences , but managed to cut their spending for the month by 24 % .
For them , that equaled $ 1,800 .
That ’s quite a bit of money .
We are a lot like the Farhats .
We rarely ever have cash on us .
Sometimes I wonder if switching to a cash only system would save us money .
But we have n’t tried it because cash can be harder to track and it ’s easier to lose .
I have been tempted to try it , though .
Does anyone have a cash only success story to share ?
Thanks Dawn for the tip !
An internal email from NASA chief Mike Griffin has been leaked to the media .
It expresses Griffin 's frustration with recent US space policy , says that White House oversight offices have waged a " jihad " against the space shuttle , and offers a gloomy view of the future .
The email was obtained at the weekend by the Orlando Sentinel , and lays out Griffin 's view of how America should have acted in recent years .
" In a rational world , " writes Griffin to a senior US advisor , " we would have been allowed to pick a shuttle retirement date to be consistent with Ares / Orion availability , we would have been asked to deploy Ares / Orion as early as possible ( rather than ' not later than 2014 ' ) and we would have been provided the necessary budget to make it so . "
The Ares rockets and Orion capsule will be NASA 's next manned spacecraft , but they will not be in service until 2014 or later .
Meanwhile the shuttle is currently marked for retirement in 2010 , leaving the US dependent on Russian Soyuz ships for access to the International Space Station ( ISS ) .
Given the recent chill in US / Russian relations following events in Georgia , Griffin is far from alone in seeing this as a problem .
He 's quite clear where he thinks the blame lies : with the White House Offices of Management and Budget and of Science and Technology Policy ( OMB and OSTP ) , which set funding and brief the president on tech matters .
" The rational approach did n't happen , primarily because for OSTP and OMB retiring the Shuttle is a jihad rather than an engineering and management decision .
Further , they actively do not want the ISS to be sustained , and they have done everything possible to ensure that it would not be . "
Griffin believes that Russia will refuse to withdraw its forces from Georgia , and as a result Washington politicians will not approve NASA purchase of any further seats on Soyuz launches beyond those already approved .
" My guess is that there is going to be a lengthy period with no US crew on ISS after 2011 .
No additional money is going to be provided to accelerate Orion / Ares , and even if it were , at this point we can't get there earlier than 2014 ...
Commercial solutions will ultimately emerge , but not substantially before Orion / Ares are ready , if then .
" The alternatives are to continue flying shuttle , or abandon US presence on ISS . "
Griffin believes that this will be unacceptable to the next US president , whether John McCain or Barack Obama .
So , he believes , NASA will be ordered to keep flying the shuttle once George Bush has departed .
" They will tell us to extend Shuttle , " he writes .
" There is no other politically tenable course ...
Extending Shuttle creates no damage that they will care about , other than to delay the lunar program .
They will not count that as a cost .
They will not see what that does for US leadership in space in the long term . "
Thus , says Griffin , NASA should now begin planning to extend the shuttle fleet 's operations - " Plan B " , as he calls it , " while doing the least damage possible to Ares / Orion " .
As to the argument that the US could retain meaningful control of an entirely Russian - manned ISS - the station being remotely managed largely from NASA ground stations - he says this is unrealistic " short of war " .
" There are actions we could take to to hold ISS hostage , or even to prevent them using it - power management stuff , for example .
We will not take those actions ... the Russians can sustain ISS without US crew as long as we do n't actively sabotage them ... we need them .
They do n't ' need ' us .
We 're a ' nice to have ' . "
Griffin goes on to say that if sufficient funds were available , NASA would have no difficulty in keeping the Shuttle flying while at the same time building Ares / Orion .
Some have suggested that there would be conflicts between the two programmes for use of NASA 's mighty spaceship drydock , the Vehicle Assembly Building ( VAB ) , for instance .
" if we 're given extra money , then the VAB conflicts are solvable ...
It 's only a matter of money . "
The beleaguered NASA chief signs off on an unhappy note .
" My own view is about as pessimistic as it is possible to be , " he writes .
This , one may take it , means that he believes NASA will be ordered to keep flying the Shuttle to the ISS without extra cash .
This will in turn delay Ares / Orion , holding up or even crippling America 's bold new push to the Moon and Mars .
Meanwhile , rivals like Russia and China will press ahead .
In a statement released yesterday , Griffin said :
The leaked internal email fails to provide the contextual framework for my remarks , and my support for the administration 's policies .
Administration policy is to retire the shuttle in 2010 and purchase crew transport from Russia until Ares and Orion are available .
The administration continues to support our request for [ approval from Capitol Hill ] .
Administration policy continues to be that we will take no action to preclude continued operation of the International Space Station past 2016 .
I strongly support these administration policies , as do OSTP and OMB .
The Sentinel writeup can be read here , and an image of the email itself viewed here . ®
Zealous right wing ideologues of the Bush administration insulted some of America ’s most trusted allies during the buildup to the Iraq War as on Air Force
One the words “ French fries ” were eliminated from the menu in place of “ freedom fries . ”
Any expression concerning cool reflection rather than rush to “ shock and awe ” from the international community was greeted with insults compatible with the prejudicial slams from a Rush Limbaugh or Michael Savage as Germany became a nation of “ kraut eaters ” and Swedes “ quiche eating sissies . ”
A parade being led by an administration featuring Vietnam War draft dodgers spouted an insulting barrage of epithets at sophisticated nations and their people .
It sickened the stomachs of Americans of intellect and conscience .
A recent poll conducted by London ’s Guardian reflects what people from leading nations throughout the world think in turn of George W. Bush along with the clones who seek to replace him with similar policies while lacking the intellectual courage to admit as much .
On the question of “ If you had a vote , who would you choose as the next U.S. president ? ” the following results were recorded :
Canada , Obama 70 % ; McCain 14 % .
France , Obama 68 % , McCain 5 % .
Switzerland , Obama 83 % , McCain 7 % .
Poland , Obama 43 % , McCain 26 % .
Japan , Obama 61 % , McCain 13 % .
Mexico , Obama 46 % , McCain 13 % .
United Kingdom , Obama 64 , McCain 15 % .
Belgium , Obama 62 % , McCain , 8 % .
The other question explored in the international survey was “ Since the start of the Bush presidency how has your opinion of the U.S. changed ? ”
In only one nation , Belgium , was there a favorable as opposed to unfavorable response .
In that case the total was 52 % favorable to 39 % unfavorable .
In every other nation included in the survey , the unfavorable respondents recorded overwhelming majorities except for Poland , in which a 6 % unfavorable margin occurred .
The responses :
Canada , 77 % to 13 % .
France , 75 % to 7 % .
Switzerland , 86 % to 8 % .
Poland , 45 % to 39 % .
Japan , 62 % to 19 % .
Mexico , 66 % to 23 % .
United Kingdom , 67 % to 23 % .
George W. Bush , before taking office after a U.S. Supreme Court majority installed you , you promised Americans that you would make a difference .
What a mighty difference you have made both nationally and internationally , as people from throughout the world realize .
_______
Bill Hare
I did nÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t jump on the bandwagon last season to criticise William Gallas in his role as captain at Arsenal .
His reaction to events , particularly in the Ã¢â‚ ¬ËœEduardo injuryÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ game at Birmingham , led to widespread condemnation of him and his temperament .
I admired the way that manager Arsene Wenger stood by his captain at the time but fully expected him to relieve the French international of his duties for this season .
I was surprised to see therefore that Wenger has announced that William Gallas will remain as ArsenalÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s club captain next season .
He had said in April he was going to reconsider the position but has obviously decided that his captain deserves another chance .
His first season as captain was full of controversy but became infamous in that game at Birmingham .
We all know how horrific the injury to Eduardo was and there is no doubt that the incident affected the mind set of many Arsenal players that day .
Of course , that is when you need your leader to lead and Gallas was conspicuous by his absence in that role .
What transpired was that Gallas sat on the pitch after James McFadden scored a last - minute penalty to earn Birmingham a 2 - 2 draw .
He stayed there until well after the game ended having stood in the other half of the pitch as the penalty was taken .
He was then seen to kick an advertising board as he seemingly totally lost his composure at a time when the team needed him more than ever .
The two points dropped in that game reduced Arsenal ’s then lead at the top of the Premier League to two points and many fans believed Gallas ’ actions undermined Arsenal ’s title challenge .
In fact , the reaction to GallasÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ actions at the end and after the game were almost as heated and vociferous as that displayed in response to the tackle that caused the injury to Eduardo .
There was a fairly vicious attack on GallasÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ personality by the media as a whole .
After the game at Birmingham , Arsenal won just two out of the remaining ten games as their hopes of a league and Champions League double crashed around their ears .
Many reasons were put forward for the terrible loss of form at the end of the season .
These included the lack of depth in the squad , the loss of form of Adebayor and Fabregas , the psychological effect that EduardoÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s injury had on the players and the inability of William Gallas to lead his men when they most needed him .
It is against this background that I was surprised to see Arsene Wenger say on the Arsenal club website , “ If he ( Gallas ) plays , he will be captain .
William will be the club captain . ”
When he asked about the issue towards the end of last season Wenger replied : “ I cannot answer that question at the moment .
I want to analyse the situation after the season . ”
It seems that his analysis has shown him that Gallas is the right man for the job .
It is very rare that I disagree with decisions made by Arsene Wenger .
I do nÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t much like him , but I have huge respect for him as a manager .
Surely this would have been the right time for a change .
Everyone would have understood , even Gallas himself .
The season ended in such disarray at the Emirates that a change in the captaincy seemed inevitable and necessary .
Gallas has spoken to Arsenal TV about the situation .
“ You know I learnt a lot last season .
You want to be the best captain and give good advice to your players , but sometimes you can make mistakes as well .
This season I know what I ’m going to do and I know I am ready to change my way of speaking to the players .
We have to win something because the trophies are more important at the end of the season .
Last season we were near to winning something , I hope this season it will be different . ”
It is reassuring for Arsenal fans that William Gallas accepts that he made mistakes and that he says he has learned from them .
After three trophy less seasons it is crucial that he has learned quickly and that he can lead his team to some sort of silverware this season .
I am all for giving people a second chance and Gallas did nothing so wrong or terrible that he should be denied such a chance , but I just feel that this is one decision that Arsene Wenger may have got wrong .
I donÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t think William Gallas is a bad person , a bad footballer or even necessarily a bad captain .
I just think that this was the right time for a change .
Note :
This was written on December 11th , 2000 which was before September 11th ,
so do n't write to explain that Barbara Olson is dead , OK ?
Keith Olbermann 's version is at the bottom
The Myth of the " liberal " media Let 's do a " what if " so I can make a point .
I think it 's a good one .
I think it 's so good , I 'd like to hear from anyone who disagrees .
What if a show like Dateline did a " hatchet job " on George W. Bush ?
It would n't have to really be a hatchet job , but any honest appraisal of that idiot's
qualifications would prove he 's a non-thinking rich man 's boy - and that 's all .
But what would happen if Dateline did an unflattering portrait of Bush ?
I 'll tell you what would happen :
The vulgar Pigboy would spend at least three hours saying it was n't true
and he'd offer hours of rebuttal as to why Dateline was lying .
Bill O'Reilly would spend at least an hour on his show saying
it was n't true and offer rebuttal as to why Dateline was lying .
Sean Hannity would walk all over Alan Colmes for an hour that night ,
saying it was n't true and offer rebuttal as to why Dateline was lying .
Eva Von
Zahn would spend at least an hour that night saying it was n't true
and she 'd offer rebuttal as to why Dateline was lying .
The Beltway Boys would spend at least an hour that night saying it
was n't true and offer rebuttal as to why Dateline was lying .
Brit Hume and Tony Snow would spend at least an hour on Sunday
saying it was n't true and offer rebuttal as to why Dateline was lying .
Juan Williams and Mara Liason would spend their entire allotted time
saying it was n't true and offer rebuttal as to why Dateline was lying .
John McLaughlin would spend at least an hour on his syndicated show
saying it was n't true and offer rebuttal as to why Dateline was lying .
Chris the Screamer would spend at least an hour on his show
saying it was n't true and offer rebuttal as to why Dateline was lying .
G. Gordon Liddy would spend at least three hours on his radio show
saying it was n't true and offer rebuttal as to why Dateline was lying .
Laura the Whore would spend at least an hour on her radio show
saying it was n't true and offer rebuttal as to why Dateline was lying .
Michael Medved would spend at least an hour on his radio show
saying it was n't true and offer rebuttal as to why Dateline was lying .
Sam and Cokie would spend at least an hour on This Whore
saying it was n't true and offer rebuttal as to why Dateline was lying .
George ( Judas Maximus ) Steffi and George ( dumb as a chimp ) Will
would spend their entire allotted time swearing that it was n't true .
Bob Scheiffer would spend at least an hour on Face the Whore
saying it was n't true and offer rebuttal as to why Dateline was lying .
Tim the Catholic would spend at least an hour on Meet the Whore
saying it was n't true and offer rebuttal as to why Dateline was lying .
John Hockenberry would spend at least an hour on his show
saying it was n't true and offer rebuttal as to why Dateline was lying .
Ollie North would spend at least an hour on his radio show
saying it was n't true and offer rebuttal as to why Dateline was lying .
Robert Novak would spend at least an hour on his cable TV show
saying it was n't true and offer rebuttal as to why Dateline was lying .
Paul Weyrich would spend at least an hour on his cable TV show
saying it was n't true and offer rebuttal as to why Dateline was lying .
Still with me ?
We 're close to the end ...
BSNBC 's Brian Williams would spend at least an hour on his show
saying it was n't true and offer rebuttal as to why Dateline was lying .
Wolf the Whore would spend at least an hour on his show saying
it was n't true and offer rebuttal as to why Dateline was lying .
Bill Schneider and Candy Crowley would do an hour special on CCN
( Clinton Cock Network ) saying it was n't true , and offering rebuttal .
John Stossel would have a special on ABC : Is lying OK for liberals ?
Then Howie Kurtz would spend 30 minutes on Reliable Sources asking
if the media was n't being too hard on a developmently - disabled child .
Barbara Olson would write a book condemning Dateline .
Ann Coulter would write a book condemning Dateline .
Laura Ingraham would write a book condemning Dateline .
Peggy Noonan would write a book condemning Dateline .
Andrew Sullivan would write a book condemning Dateline .
William Safire would write a book condemning Dateline .
OK , we 're going to call the above " Exhibit A . "
Now , everyone on that list has done at least a dozen hit pieces on Clinton .
My question is , Where is " Exhibit B ? "
When those 38 people attack Clinton and his cock , who does the rebuttal ?
Even you ditto - sheep have to admit that nobody on that list
has EVER defended a fabricated lie against the president .
There is no " Exhibit B , " because there are so few liberal voices on television .
The closest you can get is Eleanor on McLaughlin or Geraldo , but there is barely
a liberal whisper on television , even though there are DOZENS of right - wing ,
Smirk - apologist shows whose livelyhood is lying about liberals .
I do n't think you ditto - heads can offer an answer .
Prove me wrong .
Keith Olbermann ( Nine years after I wrote it ) did a version of this .
It starts about eight minutes into the rant ( scroll the ball to the 8 minute mark )
Thanks , Keith .
For more BartCop rants , visit bartcop.com
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa ( CNN ) -- South African President Thabo Mbeki announced his formal resignation Sunday during a televised address but did not say when he would leave office .
South African President Thabo Mbeki attends a special Cabinet meeting in Pretoria on Sunday .
Mbeki said the African National Congress will determine when his resignation takes effect .
His resignation will clear the way for his longtime political rival , Jacob Zuma , to run for the office in spring .
" I would like certainly to thank the nation and the ANC for this opportunity to serve first as deputy president and then president , " Mbeki said .
Before the televised address , he met with his Cabinet on Sunday to discuss his decision .
Some ministers said during the meeting that they would quit if Mbeki resigned , a source with knowledge of the meeting told CNN .
Mbeki urged the Cabinet members to stay in government after he resigns , the source said .
Mbeki , who has been president for nearly 10 years , spoke of some of his achievements during his televised address .
" I depart this office knowing that many men and women in South Africa have worked to achieve better lives for all , " he said .
Watch the significance of Mbeki " falling on the sword " »
Under his leadership , South Africa has had the longest period of sustained economic growth in its history and has reached out to indigent people in an unprecedented way , Mbeki said .
He said the country still faces economic , corruption and crime challenges .
And he gave his vote of confidence to the next leader 's administration without naming who that leader would be .
Gwede Mantashe , secretary - general of the African National Congress , announced Saturday that the party -- with which Mbeki has been involved since his teens -- had asked him to leave before his term was up .
Mbeki agreed to do so , he said .
Mantashe said the ANC made the decision " for the citizens of South Africa , so there could be stability within the country " and so the ANC movement could remain " stable and unified . "
The party 's request to Mbeki came after a judge threw out the corruption , fraud and racketeering case against Zuma on September 12 , calling them invalid and accusing Mbeki 's government of political interference in the case .
The case against Zuma -- who replaced Mbeki as ANC president last year -- was thrown out in September 2006 , but the National Prosecuting Authority recharged him .
Judge Chris Nicholson made no ruling on Zuma 's guilt or innocence , and he could be recharged .
Political observers doubted that would happen because of Zuma 's popularity , including with the Communist Party and trade unions .
Zuma has denied the charges .
He said the case was politically motivated , and harmed his chances to become the ANC 's presidential nominee .
Zuma had been facing at least 15 years in jail if convicted of accepting bribes from a company that got a contract in a multibillion - dollar arms deal .
He also faced charges of having a corrupt relationship with his former financial adviser , Schabir Shaik , who is serving a 15 - year sentence for soliciting bribes for Zuma and using Zuma 's political influence to benefit his businesses .
Mbeki , 66 , succeeded Nelson Mandela as South Africa 's president in June 1999 .
Critics of Mbeki alleged he pushed for the corruption charges against Zuma .
Mbeki recently brokered a power - sharing deal between Zimbabwe 's political rivals , who signed the agreement on Monday in an effort to put aside the violent past and end the crisis that has paralyzed Zimbabwe since disputed national elections in March .
Under it , longtime Zimbabwean leader Robert Mugabe remains president , while his rival , Morgan Tsvangirai , has become prime minister and the coordinator of government affairs .
CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse and David McKenzie contributed to this report .
Copyright 2008 CNN .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Associated Press contributed to this report .
All About South Africa • Jacob Zuma • Thabo Mbeki
The Delaunay Raster is an original graphical process I invented in 2008 , to create abstracted versions of images using the Delaunay Triangulation , color averaging and hand assisted placement of points .
Delaunay Raster was developed using Scriptographer and color averaging by Jurg Lehni
Chen - Bo Zhong is an assistant professor at the Rotman School of Management at the University of Toronto .
In recent years , he ’s explored a wide variety of topics , from the benefits of relying on the unconscious to generate creative insights to the reasons people often use temperature metaphors ( “ icy stares , ” “ cold shoulders , ” and so on ) when describing acts of social rejection .
Mind Matters editor Jonah Lehrer chats with Zhong about his latest research .
LEHRER : You recently demonstrated that being socially excluded from a group can make people feel colder , so that they believe a room is colder and prefer warm drinks and snacks , such as hot coffee and soup .
What made you interested in this line of research ?
ZHONG : I came across this popular 1970s song on YouTube called Lonely This Christmas written by Nicky Chinn and Mike Chapman .
It goes , “ It 'll be lonely this Christmas , lonely and cold , it 'll be cold so cold , without you to hold . ”
It just occurred to me that maybe what the song describes is more than a metaphor but a real psychological connection between loneliness and coldness .
Indeed , my collaborator Geoffrey Leonardelli [ a professor of organizational behavior at the University of Toronto ] and I found that people not only use coldness - related terms to describe social rejection ( for example , “ cold shoulder ” ) , but also experience rejection as physical coldness : feeling cold becomes an integral part of our experience of being socially isolated .
This research is consistent with recent theories on embodied cognition as well as general research on the connection between mind and body .
LEHRER : What are some other examples of how seemingly abstract thoughts , such as feeling excluded , can have physical manifestations ?
ZHONG : Another example would be the relation between morality and physical cleanliness .
In my early work “ Washing Away Your Sins : Threatened Morality and Physical Cleansing ” in collaboration with Katie Liljenquist [ a professor of organizational behavior at Brigham Young University ] , we discussed how metaphors such as “ dirty hands ” or “ clean records ” may have a psychological basis such that people make sense of morality through physical cleanliness .
When people ’s moral self image is threatened , as when they think about their own unethical past behaviors , people literally experience the need to engage in physical cleansing , as if the moral stain is literally physical dirt .
We tested this idea in multiple studies and showed that when reminded of their past moral transgressions , people were more likely to think about cleansing - related words such as “ wash ” and “ soap ” , expressed stronger preference for cleansing products ( for instance , a soap bar ) , and were also more likely to accept an antiseptic wipe as a free gift ( rather than a pencil with equal value ) .
Further , physical cleansing may actually be effective in mentally getting rid of moral sins .
In another study , in which participants who recalled unethical behaviors were either given a chance to cleanse their hands or not , we found that washing hands not only assuaged moral emotions such as guilt and regret but also reduced participants ’ willingness to engage in prosocial behaviors such as volunteering
Thus physical washing can actually wash away sins .
Perhaps this effect is why most world religions practice some form of washing rituals to purify souls .
We should be cautious , however , knowing that if our sins are so easily “ washed away ” we might not be as motivated to engage in actual compensatory behaviors to make up for our mistakes .
LEHRER : Your most recent paper looks at the relation between unconscious thought and creativity .
What did you find ?
ZHONG : In collaboration with Ap Dijksterhuis [ a psychologist at Radboud University in Nijmegen , the Netherlands ] and Adam Galinsky [ a professor of managment at Northwestern University ] found that unconscious thought ( such as being distracted while still holding a goal in mind ) can facilitate the search for creative solutions .
These creative solutions may not be consciously recognizable , however .
This research was motivated by early psychological research on the “ incubation effect , ” a hypothesis that a period of inattention can facilitate problem solving .
Henri Poincare , for example , described how he was unable to solve an arithmetic problem after a long period of deliberation and only found the solution appear suddenly into consciousness after thinking about something else .
Despite abundant lay observations , empirical research often had troubles replicating the incubation effect in the lab .
We suggest that part of the reason may be that even when unconscious thought generates creative solutions , these solutions still need to be transferred into the consciousness .
Thus , the lack of empirical support for incubation may not be due to unconscious thought but to the transferring of unconscious solutions to the conscious .
Using printing as an analogy : when a printer is not printing calculations of a program properly , it is not always because the program is not working .
Instead , the connection between the program and the printer may be severed .
Indeed , we found that after a period of unconscious thought , solutions to creative problems were unconsciously activated but participants were not able to consciously express those solutions .
This finding suggests that the generation of creative solutions by unconscious thought and the transferring of these solutions to the conscious may be determined by different factors .
We are following up this work in our future research .
LEHRER : Does this suggest that taking pills that increase our ability to consciously focus might interfere with creativity ?
ZHONG : Not necessarily , for two reasons .
First , there is no doubt that unconscious processes may be most active during sleep but they can also be active while people consciously focus on something — just not the problem you hope to resolve .
In our study , we manipulated unconscious thought by distracting participants from the task at hand and focusing them on a different , very cognitive demanding task .
Thus , to harness the benefits of unconscious thought , one does not need to lose conscious focus .
The key is to focus on an unrelated task while still keeping the goal of resolving the original problem .
Second , it partially depends on the complexity of the problem .
As it turns out in our research and other work by Dijksterhuis , consciously focusing on a problem is more effective than distraction when the problem does not involve remote connections .
The advantages of unconscious thought are most prominent when resolving difficult problems that involve weak associations .
LEHRER : A recent paper of yours looked at the power of " negational racial identity " to influence votes .
You showed that making Asian and Latino voters think about race in negational terms ( thinking of themselves as " non-white " ) made them more likely to vote for Obama than Asian and Latino voters who were primed to think about their identity in affirmational terms ( being Asian or Latino ) .
You conclude that " negational identity is a meaningful source of social identity " and that " whether one thinks about ' who one is ' versus ' who one is not ' has far - reaching impact for real - world decisions . "
What are some other examples of " negational identity " at work ?
And what does this suggest about how people develop an identity ?
ZHONG : Another example of negational identity would be the 2004 presidential Democratic primary , people who were once supporters of unsuccessful Democratic candidates such as Howard Dean and John Edwards , united over their common lack of support for the current president , George W. Bush ( for instance , “ anybody but Bush ” ) in the general election .
Likewise , during my graduate study , I saw a Midwest talk radio show advertise itself on billboards with a slogan , “ Liberals Hate It ! ”
In both cases people focused on who they were not more than who they were .
The development of identity is a fluid process .
Although people certainly differ in how they view themselves , their identity can also be primed or manipulated .
The manipulation of the “ non- white ” identity in my recent article with Adam Galinsky [ at Northwestern ] and Miguel Unzueta [ a professor of organizational behavior at UCLA ] is one such example .
Whether people see themselves through the affirmational or negational lens has significant social consequences , even though such effects may not be consciously noticed .
Affirmational identity tends to assimilate people to their in - group and drive in - group favoritism .
Negational identity , on the hand , defines individuals by contrasting individuals to a common non-membership .
It may create a broad basis for building a coalition , uniting all who do not belong to the same group .
In the meantime , however , it may increase hostility towards the common out - group .
By highlighting the fluidity of identity and how easily it can be manipulated by campaigns , advertisements , and speeches , we hope to increase the likelihood that voters will consider specific issues rather than simply relying on group categories .
Are you a scientist ?
Have you recently read a peer - reviewed paper that you want to write about ?
Then contact Mind Matters editor Jonah Lehrer , the science writer behind the blog The Frontal Cortex and the book Proust Was a Neuroscientist .
This blog is an Amazon affiliate .
Help support TaxProf
Blog by making purchases through Amazon links on this site at no cost to you .
What can we learn about our political stars from impressions they made in college ?
Sen .
John McCain is remembered as a passionate contrarian who won the hearts of his classmates at the Naval Academy .
Sen. Barack Obama , who attended Occidental College , Columbia University and Harvard Law School , is remembered as a daunting scholar and calming influence .
Sen .
Joe Biden , who had a brush with plagiarism at Syracuse University College of Law , is remembered fondly by professors who found him charming .
Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , however , is barely remembered at all .
In the five years of her collegiate career , spanning four universities in three states , Palin left behind few traces .
Advertisement
“ Looking at this dynamic personality now , it mystifies me that I would n’t remember her , ” said Jim Fisher , Palin ’s journalism instructor at the University of Idaho , where she graduated with a bachelor of science degree in journalism in 1987 .
Palin , he said , took his public affairs reporting class , an upper - division course limited to 15 students .
“ It ’s the funniest damn thing , ” Fisher said .
“ No one can recall her . ”
“ I do n’t remember her , ” said Roy Atwood , Palin ’s academic advisor at the university .
Indeed , interviews with a dozen professors yielded not a single snippet of a memory .
Advertisement
Most were perplexed and frustrated that they could offer no insight into a woman who has become their most famous former student .
Only a few classmates recalled her , and those with the strongest memories were people she had grown up with in Alaska .
Some of her college anonymity is understandable .
“ She enrolled in and finished my class , American government , but I have had 12,000 students in my career , and maybe remember 400 , ” said political scientist Tony Stewart , now retired from North Idaho College , which the future vice presidential candidate attended in 1983 .
Palin , he added , was not among them .
The former classmates who do recall her paint a portrait of a young woman who , like many freshmen , went from hometown stardom to college obscurity .
Friends described her as a serious , unassuming student who showed only brief flashes of the outsized political personality that would one day emerge .
Advertisement
“ She was n’t out to get attention , ” said Michelle Carney Overstreet , a hometown friend and classmate at the University of Idaho .
“ She kept to herself . ”
At home , she was known as Sarah Barracuda , the ferocious point guard who led her high school team to a state basketball championship her senior year .
But the standout athlete never joined a college team .
As soon as she graduated from Wasilla High School in 1982 , she set her sights on leaving Alaska .
“ Everybody who grew up in that town at that time was looking for a way out , ” said Overstreet , one of the few college classmates who had anything like a real memory of Palin .
“ We wanted to be more and do more . ”
Advertisement
Palin ’s parents -- a high school science teacher and school secretary -- could not afford the college tours so common today .
Their four children were expected to , and did , work their way through college .
“ We did n’t have the luxury of spending a week driving around visiting universities to see what they ’re like , ” said Kim “ Tilly ” Ketchum , a high school friend .
“ We were looking at pictures of campuses . ”
Palin and Ketchum picked the University of Hawaii at Hilo from a brochure .
Only after arriving in Hawaii did they realize that Hilo had rainfall approaching 100 inches a year .
“ The rain , ” Ketchum said , “ was disturbing . ”
Advertisement
They attended orientation but never even enrolled .
The Wasilla girls soon moved to sunny Honolulu and enrolled in Hawaii Pacific University , a small private liberal arts school .
They lived in an apartment in the Waikiki Banyan and took a bus to school .
Palin , a school spokeswoman said , attended full time as a business student .
The girls studied on the beach , tried surfing and pulled straight A’s , Ketchum said .
“ We took the basic classes -- chemistry and biology , this and that . ”
Advertisement
But there was a problem .
“ When you ’re used to having some cooler weather , you get tired of the heat , ” Ketchum said .
“ We went one semester there before we realized we needed to go someplace else . ”
They transferred to tiny North Idaho College , on the shore of Lake Coeur d’Alene .
Palin ’s older brother , Chuck Jr. , had gone there before transferring to their father ’s alma mater , the University of Idaho in Moscow .
At North Idaho , Palin and Ketchum found what they had missed in Honolulu .
They lived on campus before moving to separate apartments their second semester .
“ It was all very quaint , ” Ketchum said .
“ You kind of felt safe . ”
Ketchum could remember only one out - of - character incident .
Advertisement
“ Someone pulled the fire alarm next to my door , ” she said .
“ We all were told there is an invisible dye that squirts onto your hand when you pull the alarm and you ’re not going to be able to hide .
And Sarah looked at her hands , and said , ‘ Oh my God , look ! ’
And she went and confessed . ”
Ketchum discovered there that Palin was a natural in front of a camera , a quality that helped her land her first post - college job as a weekend sports reporter at an Anchorage television station .
For a journalism class , they videotaped themselves giving a 30 - minute speech for classmates to critique .
“ She did n’t have the kind of fear most kids would have had , ” Ketchum said .
“ I could barely handle it . ”
In 1984 , after two semesters at North Idaho , Palin transferred to the University of Idaho .
There , she continued her low - key life .
A visit to the University of Idaho library here yielded little more than a senior photo of Palin from the yearbook .
Though she majored in journalism , her name appears nowhere in the archives of the campus newspaper , the Argonaut .
Advertisement
During summers , Palin worked in an Italian restaurant and a seafood cannery and fished for salmon with high school boyfriend Todd Palin on his boat .
While still enrolled in the University of Idaho in fall 1985 , she moved home for a semester , taking classes at nearby Matanuska - Susitna College to save money .
Tuition at the university ranged from $ 485 a semester to $ 520 by the time Palin graduated .
Generous educational loans from the state of Alaska helped her pay her way .
So did beauty pageants .
“ I razzed Sarah about it at the time , ” her brother said .
“ But she looked at me straight - faced and said , ‘ Hey , this is going to help pay for my college education . ’ ”
Maryline Blackburn , who beat Palin for Miss Alaska in June 1984 , said Palin , who competed as Miss Wasilla , earned at least $ 1,250 when she placed third and was named Miss Congeniality .
The following year , Palin competed as Miss Big Lake and did not place , said Blackburn , a professional singer in Georgia .
Advertisement
“ Everybody liked her , but I could tell she was very calculating , ” Blackburn said .
“ We were all very secretive about our talents and how we were going to present ourselves .
She was always asking questions , figuring out what she needed to do to get ahead . ”
Stacia Crocker Hagerty , 42 , lived on the same dorm floor as Palin and considered her a good friend .
Still , the Coeur d’Alene lawyer and real estate agent said she had only a few random memories of Palin and a couple of snapshots -- including one at a 1986 “ kegger ” in which they sport big hair and wide belts over untucked blouses .
Palin was a calming presence who offered to pray for her when Hagerty had boyfriend troubles .
“ She was so ‘ steady Eddie , ’ so rock solid , ” Hagerty said .
“ She did n’t make a big deal out of things like other people did .
She talked about politics and history and what was going on in the world .
I was like , whatever , I do n’t care about that stuff . ”
Until 1987 , the Idaho drinking age was 19 , and the university had a reputation as a top party school .
Hagerty said Palin “ was upbeat and fun but not a heavy partyer . ”
Advertisement
When she ran for Alaska governor in 2006 , Palin admitted that she had smoked marijuana , but Hagerty said she never saw her friend do drugs .
Hagerty said Palin was good friends with Jill Loranger , their resident advisor for two years .
When reached at her home in Hailey , Idaho , Jill Loranger Clark was mystified .
“ I can honestly tell you I have no idea who she was , ” said Clark , a middle school teacher .
“ If she had been a big party animal , I would have remembered her . ”
Advertisement
--
robin.abcarian@latimes.com
The last time the Dow fell this much was at the beginning of the subprime mortgage crisis in February 2007 .
Image Traders working in the energy options pit on the floor of the New York Mercantile Exchange on Friday .
Credit ... Spencer Platt / Getty Images
On Friday , the blue - chip index was dragged down by shares of American International Group , the big insurer , which stumbled after accusations that the company may have overstated the value of contracts tied to subprime mortgages .
A.I.G.’s shares fell $ 2.48 , or nearly 7 percent , to close at an 11 - year low of $ 33.93 .
Shares of financial firms and companies that depend on discretionary spending were the hardest hit , as investors worried that the weak labor market was likely to raise anxieties among some Americans and put a pall on spending habits .
Friday ’s report from the Labor Department said that the economy lost jobs for the fifth consecutive month and the unemployment rate surged to 5.5 percent in May , from 5 percent in April , the sharpest monthly rise in 22 years .
Investors are also worried that high energy prices will further slow the economy .
“ If oil prices stay this high , you ’re going to have to re-examine your estimates for G.D.P. , inflation and consumers ’ ability to spend outside of nondiscretionary items , ” Ms. Krosby said .
“ This has all of the elements of an investor ’s worst - case scenario . ”
Oil prices surged almost 8 percent , to $ 138.54 a barrel after a senior Israeli politician raised the specter of an attack on Iran and the dollar fell against the euro .
“ As soon as that news hit the tape , oil spiked about $ 6 , ” said David Kovacs , an investment strategist at Turner Investment Partners .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
A steady stream of superdelegate endorsements on Tuesday pushed Sen. Barack Obama over the threshold to lay claim to the Democratic presidential nomination .
Rep. James Clyburn says Sen. Barack Obama " is redrawing an electoral map for Democrats . "
As the polls closed in South Dakota on Tuesday , which along with Montana is one of two states holding the last Democratic nominating contests , CNN estimated that Obama had gathered the 2,118 delegates needed to capture the nomination .
Obama began the day 42 delegates short of being able to claim the nomination and an allocation of the 31 up for grabs in South Dakota and Montana would n't have been enough to clinch .
But all through the day Tuesday , announcements began to float from some of the 193 superdelegates who began the day uncommitted to either Obama or Sen. Hillary Clinton .
Among those declaring their support for Obama on Tuesday were former President Jimmy Carter Rep. James Clyburn , the top African - American in Congress .
Carter , a superdelegate who has frequently spoken favorably about Obama , told Britain 's Sky News in May that while he had not yet announced his decision publicly , after the last Democratic primary , it would be time for Hillary Clinton to " give it up . "
He also said Clinton " had a perfect right " to keep running -- but that " a lot of the superdelegates will make a decision quite , announced quite rapidly , after the final primary . "
Clyburn , the House Majority Whip , had been critical of Clinton 's campaign and of her husband , Former President Bill Clinton but had not backed Obama until Tuesday .
" I came to that decision because I do believe that he has elevated this campaign , " Clyburn said of Obama .
" He has energized our constituents .
He is redrawing an electoral map for Democrats . "
Watch Clyburn discuss Obama 's chances »
Primary season ends Join CNN as voters in the final two states cast their ballots .
Tonight at 8 ET see full schedule »
Clyburn 's endorsement comes as a top Clinton backer , Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California , also said it is time for the former first lady to end her campaign .
Feinstein said these final contests mark a " moment of truth " for the senator from New York .
The California Democrat repeated her view that Clinton should be tapped for the vice presidency .
" I think a decision has to be made about whether keeping this nomination wide open is in the best interest of winning in November , " said Feinstein , who endorsed Clinton last summer .
" I do not believe that it is , and I 'm a very strong supporter of Hillary being placed on the ticket as a vice presidential candidate . "
Another Clinton supporter from California , Democratic Rep. Maxine Waters , switched her support Tuesday from Clinton to Obama , according to her office .
But not all Congressional superdelegates are ready to back a candidate .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said Democrats should n't rush the primary process .
" I believe that we should wait until after the primaries are finished , " Reid said , adding that if Obama clinches the nomination Tuesday , " Sen. Clinton needs to be left alone .
And let 's get through the primary process and let this week work its course . "
Thirty - one pledged delegates are up for grabs Tuesday in Montana and South Dakota .
Superdelegates in the Senate said they 'll be making their intent clear Tuesday and Wednesday .
Sen . Benjamin Cardin of Maryland said he would make a decision " shortly after the polls close . "
Sen .
Ken Salazar of Colorado predicted that " most of us will wait until tomorrow . "
" I think we need to allow for an opportunity for Sen.
Clinton to do what people expect her to do , " he said , " but people have to give her space to get that done . "
Nebraska Sen. Ben Nelson , an Obama supporter , said , " Some sort of gracious exit would be appropriate , " but , " Sen. Clinton 's going to need to decide how she handles that . "
In endorsing Obama , Clyburn dismissed Clinton 's argument that she would be a better candidate in the general election in key battleground states such as Ohio and Pennsylvania , which she carried during the primaries .
" I think that you 're mixing apples and oranges if you were to just take what happens in a Democratic primary and project that to ... November , " he said .
Watch as Clyburn endorses Obama »
He also suggested comments that former President Clinton made during the primary in South Carolina -- Clyburn 's home state -- may have dented his wife 's support .
" In some instances , President Clinton did in fact say some things at times that made some of us a little bit uneasy , " Clyburn said .
The former president set off a firestorm of criticism for remarks that some found racially insensitive -- such as noting that the Rev. Jesse Jackson also won South Carolina in the 1984 and 1988 primaries .
It was widely seen as a suggestion that Obama 's success in the state was largely based on race .
Bill Clinton later said his opponents were playing the " race card " against him .
A fellow South Carolinian and another superdelegate , Rep. John Spratt , said Tuesday that he will back Obama .
" More important to me is the fact that Sen . Obama , in seeking the nomination , has shown that he is highly capable , clearly competent and equal to the challenge , " Spratt said in a news release .
After winning the Puerto Rico primary Sunday , Clinton said she was taking the presidential race " a day at a time " and was reviewing the " options available . "
Her campaign suffered a setback Saturday when the Democratic National Committee 's Rules and Bylaws Committee decided the disputed delegations from Florida and Michigan would only have half of their votes .
The DNC initially had stripped the two states of all their delegates for holding their primaries too early in violation of party rules .
Clinton won the Michigan and Florida contests in January .
No candidates campaigned in the states and Clinton was the only major candidate on the Michigan ballot .
Her campaign argued that both states ' delegations should be seated with full votes , which would have allowed her to cut into her rival 's delegate lead significantly .
CNN 's Ted Barrett , Kate Bolduan , Gloria Borger , Candy Crowley and Ed Hornick contributed to this report .
All About Election Campaigns • James Clyburn
The war between Mexico 's cartels and law enforcement agencies reached a chilling new height this week .
Assassins ambushed the acting chief of Mexico 's federal police , Edgar Millan Gomez , as he walked into his apartment in Col. Guerrero in Mexico City early Thursday morning .
The papers are saying the Millan Gomez murder is the work of the Sinaloa cartel .
Put in perspective , this means violent criminal organizations are engaged in low - grade , pinpointed warfare against the whole Mexican law and order infrastructure -- and they 're winning .
Thursday 's high - profile assassination throws the country 's entire anti-narco effort into a state of uncertainty , while narcotics continue to flow north and the killings go on incessantly .
So far 1,000 people have died in the narco war this year alone .
It just does n't stop .
It was another bloody week in the Mexican north , with a sex crimes investigator killed brutally in her driveway in Juarez on Monday .
And just this morning , gunmen shot and killed a high - ranking federal anti-kidnapping agent , also here in Mexico City .
Read more at " Sex crimes investigator assassinated in Juarez . "
* Photo above , federal officers salute recently fallen police , by AP via the L.A. Times .
Published online 26 September 2008 | 455 , 572-573 ( 2008 ) | doi:10.1038/455572a
News
Experts work to confirm source of gas bubbling from Arctic seabed .
British researchers found more than 250 plumes of methane bubbling up in the sea northwest of Svalbard .
D. VAUGHAN / SCIENCE PHOTO LIBRARY
Preliminary data from two Arctic cruises suggest that rising temperatures are already causing substantial amounts of methane to be released from beneath the ocean floor .
But catastrophic gas leaks , like those believed to have occurred 55 million years ago , are unlikely , scientists say .
In the past few weeks , scientists aboard the British research ship James Clark Ross have discovered more than 250 plumes of methane bubbling up along the continental margin northwest of Svalbard .
The findings add to a similar discovery by a Russian team in August , that reported elevated methane concentrations near the Lena River delta , as part of the International Siberian Shelf Study ( ISSS ) .
The findings have provoked alarmist media reports predicting massive methane bursts that could accelerate global warming .
Methane is a far more powerful greenhouse gas than carbon dioxide , although it is present in much lower concentrations in the atmosphere .
But the phenomenon is probably not new .
The scientists believe that methane has been released in the region for at least 15,000 years .
" What we 're now seeing certainly did not start in the last year or so , " says geophysicist Graham Westbrook of the University of Birmingham , UK , who led the British team .
“ The risk is real , but there ’s no reason to panic . ”
Hans - Wolfgang Hubberten
Alfred Wegener Institute of Polar and Marine Research
" We have observed increased methane concentrations in the Laptev Sea during several expeditions since the mid-1990s , " says Igor Semiletov , who oversees the ISSS methane programme aboard the Russian research ship Jacob Smirnitskyi .
" But the data set is extremely limited .
Whether what we 're seeing in the region is of any relevance for the global climate is mere speculation . "
Semiletov says that the scientists did measure higher concentrations of dissolved methane this summer compared to summer sampling in 2003 and 2004 ( N. Shakhova and I. Semiletov J. Mar. Sys. 66 , 227–243 ; 2007 ) .
At one ice - covered site in the mere 50 - metre shelf water , they detected methane bubbling at the surface , indicating that at least some of the gas released at the seabed is escaping into the atmosphere before being consumed by bacteria in the water column .
Geologists think that billions of tonnes of methane lie beneath the sub - sea permafrost in some parts of the shallow Siberian shelf , although estimates vary widely .
The hydrocarbon — trapped there either as a gas , or bound in solid ice - like structures called methane hydrates — is a remnant from the last ice age when the sea level was about 100 metres lower .
The big fear is that the methane could escape as a result of the permafrost becoming porous , possibly from an increased influx of freshwater from the relatively warm Lena River .
" The risk is real , " says Hans - Wolfgang Hubberten , a permafrost expert at the Alfred Wegener Institute of Polar and Marine Research in Potsdam , Germany .
" But there 's no reason to panic .
Claims that gas hydrates are on the brink of dissociating in a big way should be taken with a large pinch of salt . "
Thermal modelling suggests that the marine permafrost in the region is relatively stable .
However , drillings conducted in 2005 revealed that the permafrost may have slightly warmed and thinned ( V. Rachold et al. Eos 88 , 149 –156 ; 2007 ) .
Even so , says Hubberten , it is likely that the observed emissions come from ' new ' methane produced by increased bacterial activity in thawing soil , rather than from degradation of ancient gas hydrates .
Methane , air and water samples taken by both teams will now be sent to isotope labs in the Netherlands and the United Kingdom to help determine the source of the methane .
Geochemical analysis should also show how much of the gas escapes to the atmosphere , says Westbrook .
" The new findings will be useful in helping us assess the history of climate change in the region , and how the methane reservoirs responded to past temperature changes . "
Globally , atmospheric methane concentrations increased by 7.5 parts per billion to nearly 1,800 parts per billion during 2007 after almost zero growth since 1999 .
The upward trend is likely to continue this year , says Ed Dlugokencky , who oversees the methane database run by the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) in Boulder , Colorado .
" Our data suggest increased emissions in the Arctic and the tropics , " he says .
" Both regions were apparently warmer and wetter than average . "
Data collected by NOAA at remote sites are usually at least 6 weeks out of date .
And NOAA 's measurement network in the Arctic is not dense enough to tell if increased methane emissions come from wetlands , permafrost or from gas hydrates on the continental shelves .
Exelon Progressing Toward 3,000 MW of Emission - Free Nuclear Power in Texas
September 4th , 2008 by Rod Adams
Exelon , the largest operator of nuclear power plants in the United States has filed a license application with the US Nuclear Regulatory Commission ( US - NRC ) to build two new nuclear power plants near Victoria , Texas .
When operating , the plants will produce zero units of carbon dioxide , nitrogen oxides , mercury , sulfur oxides , and fly ash .
Exelon has chosen the Economic Simplified Boiling Water Reactor ( ESBWR ) marketed by GE - Hitachi Nuclear Energy .
Each of the reactors will produce approximately 1,500 MW of electric power .
One of the key design features of the ESBWR is a large degree of passive safety provided by large water reservoirs , natural coolant circulation and safety systems that operate without any electrical power .
( Link to animation of ESBWR safety system operation )
Exelon has not announced the expected project cost .
It is worth noting that a 3,000 MWe power station operating at an average capacity factor of 90 % – which is typical for a US nuclear power plant – can produce more than 23 million MW - hours of electricity each year .
Wholesale power costs in Texas vary considerably on a daily basis ; in 2008 , the average daily wholesale price has been about $ 72 per MW - hour .
( Source : US Energy Information Agency Intercontinental Exchange Wholesale Market Data )
A first order approximation for the annual revenue potential for a 3,000 MWe plant in Texas would therefore be 23,000,000 x $ 72 = $ 1.6 Billion .
If the new reactors are able to operate at the current fleet average O&M cost of $ 17.60 per MW - hour , that would leave $ 1.2 billion per year available for loan repayment and corporate profit .
Predicting prices and costs 8 - 10 years into the future is a job for soothsayers .
Those kind of numbers help to explain why there have been 12 applications to the NRC during the past 14 months , despite the fact that the Energy Policy Act of 2005 only provides direct subsidies for the first 6000 MW of new nuclear power ( 4 - 6 units depending on size ) .
In addition to Exelon ’s recent announcement , several other applications have included multiple units , the total number of reactors currently being considered for licensing is 17 .
Four of the applications covering 8 reactors are on sites that currently do not host nuclear power stations .
During the construction period , the new Exelon units could employ as many as 6,300 workers .
Once the plants are operating , the steady state employment level will be approximately 800 people with annual salaries starting at about $ 65,000 .
Image – Aerial view of Lake Anna Nuclear Power Station in Virginia , another plant built with an artificial lake for cooling .
Related Posts
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
A paper in the Journal of Medical Hypotheses , " Ejaculation as a potential treatment of nasal congestion in mature males " ( Zarrintan , S ) proposes a good hard wank to relieve nasal congestion in men :
So the author proposes a more …natural method of decongestion .
" It is known that sexual arousal in men is followed by penile erection and subsequent ejaculation " ( unless of course you 've taken too much Viagra or something ) .
The emission phase of ejaculation is under the control of the sympathetic nervous system , which of course has lots of adrenergic receptors .
The author reasons that ejaculation will stimulation adrenergic receptors in the refractory period immediately afterward , and stimulation of your adrenergic receptors will give you relief from your cold .
The author proposes that , with proper scheduling of masturbation and / or sexual intercourse a guy could keep his nose clear for the rest of his life !
I wonder how the partner takes that .
" Honey , come here , my nose is stuffed up … "
And what if your nose is REALLY messed up ?
I hope those people work from home .
And if a guy can keep his nose clear for life , what about us ladeez ?
My allergies bother me , too , you know .
I think this needs to be tested , both on men and women .
So I want to hear back from all of your whether it worked .
Wait 'til the hay fever sets in , go at it like rabbits , and then leave a comment with whether or not it worked .
Obviously this is not a well controlled study , but I do n't know that I want to ask whether it was masturbation or intercourse , and I would n't trust anyone with a timer in the few minutes after sex to measure their refractory period .
So this is more of a pilot than a real test .
Go to it !
This is your homework for the weekend !
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Billionaire Warren Buffett told congressional negotiators that if they can't agree on a proposed financial bailout , the nation will face " its biggest financial meltdown in American history , " two sources familiar with the talks said .
Word of Buffett 's omen came hours before Democrats posted a draft of the bailout bill online and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said Sunday afternoon she hoped the chamber would vote Monday .
Buffett , whom Forbes magazine has placed at No. 2 on its 2008 list of richest Americans , was one of several business experts whose opinions were sought , Sen. Kent Conrad , D - North Dakota , told reporters Saturday .
Buffett is chairman and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway Inc .
His wealth is estimated at $ 50 billion .
Buffett was consulted by telephone , Conrad said .
Watch leaders announce progress on the deal »
Conrad , who heads the Senate Budget Committee , said he was involved in some of the talks , though he is not on the formal negotiating team , which is made up of Rep. Roy Blunt , R- Missouri ; Sen. Judd Gregg , R - New Hampshire ; Sen. Chris Dodd , D - Connecticut ; and Rep. Barney Frank , D - Massachusetts .
Negotiators had worked to reach consensus on a package and announce a deal in time for the start of financial markets around the world , Gregg said .
Flanked by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and other congressional leaders , Pelosi said just after midnight Sunday that a long evening of talks on Capitol Hill had yielded progress .
Watch what the bailout could mean for you »
The government would get the right to receive equity stakes in the companies that sell their assets .
The measure is an attempt to reduce fiscal risk to taxpayers .
House Republicans had not signed off on the plan , but Blunt said Saturday he would present it to the GOP caucus Sunday morning after it's on paper .
Reid said the " breakthrough " just before midnight Saturday was made possible by an idea proposed by Pelosi .
Her idea involved how to address questions about whether taxpayers would be protected in the bailout , a senior House Democratic aide said .
" We 've made great progress toward a deal which will work and will be effective in the marketplace and effective for all Americans , " Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said , standing beside Reid and Pelosi .
iReport.com :
Are you upset about the bailout ?
Paulson first announced the effort September 18 .
Gregg said he saw " dramatic progress toward accomplishing something that is critical for the American people . "
" We can't underestimate what we face as a threat relative to a fiscal meltdown and the impact it would have on Main Street , " he said .
" This is about people 's jobs .
It 's about people 's savings .
It 's about people 's ability to participate in commerce and send their kids to school and be able to borrow money to run their small businesses . "
The Bush administration was " very pleased with the progress " made overnight , White House spokesman Tony Fratto said .
He applauded the " hard work on both sides of the aisle . "
The Bush administration was seeking authority for the Treasury to buy as much as $ 700 billion in troubled mortgage assets that are weighing down banks and other financial institutions .
If enacted , it would be the most dramatic and extensive government intervention in the economy since the Great Depression .
The aim is to unfreeze the credit markets -- short - term lending among banks and corporations -- by giving the Treasury authority to purchase bad assets from banks and other financial institutions .
The core of the problem is bad real estate loans that have led to record foreclosures when the housing bubble burst and home prices declined .
In the past two weeks , the banking world and Wall Street have been reorganized by a wave of collapses and mergers .
The most recent development was Thursday 's seizure by federal regulators of Washington Mutual , once a major mortgage lender and the nation 's largest thrift .
Thrifts are entities -- such as savings banks and saving and loans -- that are set up to hold deposits for individuals .
CNN 's Ed Henry contributed to this report .
All About National Economy • Nancy Pelosi • Henry M. Paulson
' Community organizer ' slams attract support for Obama
ST .
PAUL 
Some of the loudest roars at the Republican convention this week came when vice presidential pick Sarah Palin and former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani made fun of Democrat Barack Obama 's experience as a community organizer .
Hours later , the Obama campaign started raising money off the jokes .
" They insulted the very idea that ordinary people have a role to play in our political process , " campaign manager David Plouffe wrote Thursday in an early - morning fundraising e-mail .
" Let 's clarify something for them right now .
Community organizing is how ordinary people respond to out - of - touch politicians and their failed policies . "
Obama moved to Chicago after college and did church - based organizing to help people who lost their jobs when steel mills closed .
" I guess a small - town mayor is sort of like a community organizer , except that you have actual responsibilities , " Palin said to an eruption of cheers .
She was mayor of Wasilla , Alaska ( population : 9,780 ) from 1996 to 2002 .
Giuliani was interrupted with boos and laughter as soon as he uttered the phrase .
" OK , OK , maybe this is the first problem on the resume , " he said , laughing .
Jerry Kellman is the man who hired Obama as an organizer for the Developing Communities Project in 1985 at a salary of $ 10,000 a year .
Obama 's job : find out what people needed , be it job training programs , asbestos removal or potholes filled , and help them work together to get action from their elected officials .
The South Side Chicago area was devastated by factory closings and pollution , Kellman says , and people were discouraged by poverty and discrimination .
" They had to be motivated to come out and try again and work with people they did n't necessarily see eye to eye with and maybe did n't even like , " he says .
He says Obama interviewed them , helped them strategize and " brought out their gifts . "
The experience taught Obama to listen well and get along with all kinds of people , Kellman says .
Obama says it gave him the grass - roots model for his highly successful presidential campaign .
Ron Walters , a top aide in Jesse Jackson 's 1984 and 1988 presidential campaigns , said Jackson 's experience as a community organizer and civil rights worker " was systematically pooh - poohed as not important .
Here we have the same thing .
Barack Obama offers it as one aspect of his experience , and again it is systematically devalued . "
Walters says he does n't understand why — since organizing provides the same close connection with people that Palin claims from being a small - town mayor .
Top Obama strategist David Axelrod was also puzzled .
" They can demean service in the community , " he said on Obama 's plane Thursday , " but I think most people appreciate it . "
Community service groups reacted strongly Thursday .
Maude Hurd , president of the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now ( ACORN ) , said her group helps people learn leadership skills so they can work for better schools , wages and treatment from financial institutions .
She said the " condescending attacks " were disappointing .
A coalition of faith - based groups said political leaders should be thanking community organizers , not insulting them .
Republican John McCain 's campaign made a terrible strategic mistake , says David Beckwith , executive director of the Needmor Fund , which funds community organizing across the country , and a board member of the Neighborhood Funders Group .
He said the speeches made fun of " the people who are organized , not just the people who are doing the organizing .
These are people who are deeply engaged in public life , and there are millions of them . "
McCain spokesman Tucker Bounds said Palin 's remarks were " a direct response to critics who had belittled her executive experience , in particular her experience as mayor .
Certainly community organizers serve a valued function in civic affairs . "
Several Republicans attending the convention said Thursday that they have nothing against community organizers .
Former New Jersey governor Tom Kean said he worked with many of them when he ran a camp for underprivileged children years ago in New Hampshire .
" Community organizing is a very valuable thing , " he said .
He and Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty said Palin and Giuliani were trying to underscore what they contend are Obama 's slight qualifications for the presidency .
" It goes to the issue of what has he run , what has he done .
He 's run nothing .
He 's accomplished not much , " Pawlenty said .
Kellman says he left the organizing project a year after hiring Obama — and left Obama in charge .
" He was director of the project for two years , " Kellman says , and met the big challenge of stabilizing and expanding its church and foundation funding .
" He took something that was really flimsy and built it into something strong , " Kellman says .
" He made sure that when he left , there was something that would survive his leaving . "
From time to time , I ’m going to share interesting viral emails I get about the election :
I ’m a little confused .
Let me see if I have this straight …..
* If you grow up in Hawaii , raised by your grandparents , you ’re “ exotic , different . ”
* Grow up in Alaska eating mooseburgers , a quintessential American story .
* If your name is Barack you ’re a radical , unpatriotic Muslim .
* Name your kids Willow , Trig and Track , you ’re a maverick .
* Graduate from Harvard law School and you are unstable .
* Attend 5 different small colleges before graduating , you ’re well grounded .
* If you spend 3 years as a brilliant community organizer , become the first black President of the Harvard Law Review , create a voter registration drive that registers 150,000 new voters , spend 12 years as a Constitutional Law professor , spend 8 years as a State Senator representing a district with over 750,000 people , become chairman of the state Senate ’s Health and Human Services committee , spend 4 years in the United States Senate representing a state of 13 million people while sponsoring 131 bills and serving on the Foreign Affairs , Environment and Public Works and Veteran ’s Affairs committees , you do n’t have any real leadership experience .
* If your total resume is : local weather girl , 4 years on the city council and 6 years as the mayor of a town with less than 7,000 people , 20 months as the governor of a state with only 650,000 people , then you ’re qualified to become the country ’s second highest ranking executive .
* If you have been married to the same woman for 19 years while raising 2 beautiful daughters , all within Protestant churches , you ’re not a real Christian .
* If you cheated on your first wife with a rich heiress , and left your disfigured wife and married the heiress the next month , you ’re a Christian .
* If you teach teach children about sexual predators , you are irresponsible and eroding the fiber of society .
* If , while governor , you staunchly advocate abstinence only , with no other option in sex education in your state ’s school system while your unwed teen daughter ends up pregnant , you ’re very responsible .
* If your wife is a Harvard graduate laywer who gave up a position in a prestigious law firm to work for the betterment of her inner city community , then gave that up to raise a family , your family ’s values do n’t represent America ‘s .
* If you ’re husband is nicknamed “ First Dude ” , with at least one DWI conviction and no college education , who did n’t register to vote until age 25 and once was a member of a group that hates America and advocated the secession of Alaska from the USA , your family is extremely admirable .
OK , much clearer now .
The future of responsive design
Mobile developers can , and should , be thinking about how responsive design affects a user ’s context and how we can be …
Home : Browse : Audio Files
Audio Files
The Audio Files category includes compressed and uncompressed audio formats , which contain waveform data that can be played with audio playback software .
This category also includes MIDI files , musical scores , and audio project files , which typically do not contain audio data .
Common audio file extensions include .
WAV , .AIF , .MP3 , and .MID .
File Extension File Type Popularity .SDT Electronic Arts Sound Data File 154 .MP3 MP3 Audio File 178 .
WOW Grave Composer Music Module 181 .
FLP FL Studio Project 181 .NBS Minecraft Note Block Studio File 185 .4MP 4 - MP3 Database File 186 .AIMPPL AIMP Playlist File 188 .
PCG Korg Instrument Bank File 189 .5XE Line 6 POD HD500X Edit Preset File 190 .NKM Kontakt Multi Instrument File 191 .REX ReCycle Loop File 192 .MUI Myriad User Instrument File 192 .DM DRM Delivery Message 192 .
FLAC Free Lossless Audio Codec File 192 .SFK Sound Forge Pro Audio Peak File 193 .UST UTAU Sequence Text File 193 .L Left Audio Channel File 193 .XFS eRacer Sound File 194 .NKI KONTAKT Instrument File 195 .
TOC PSP Audio File 195 .BUN Cakewalk Bundle File 195 .
SF2 SoundFont 2 Sound Bank 197 .M3U Media Playlist File 198 .
TRAK Traktor Content Pack File 200 .GSF Game Boy Advance Sound File 200 .
WUS WUTG Tagged Audio File 200 .
AMXD Ableton Max Patch File 200 .SNGX ChordWizard Song 200 .ALS Ableton Live Set File 200 .UNI MikMod UniMOD Module 200 .RCY ReCycle 1.x Document 200 .MTI MadTracker Instrument 200 .
PHY PhyMod Physical Modeling Data 200 .
SDAT Nintendo DS Sound Data File 200 .
MMPZ LMMS Project File 200 .
FEV FMOD Audio Events File 200 .CWT Cakewalk SONAR Template 200 .MTM MultiTracker Module 200 .VSQ VOCALOID2 Project File 200 .CAFF Core Audio File 200 .F4A Adobe Flash Protected Audio File 200 .OVW Logic Pro Overview File 200 .
STAP Soundtrack Pro Audio Project File 200 .H5S Line 6 POD HD500 Edit Setlist File 200 .VPW Vox Pro Wave File 200 .CGRP Pro Tools Clip Group File 200 .OMG OpenMG Audio File 200 .APL Monkey 's Audio Track Information File 200 .VGM Video Game Music File 200 .VYF Samsung Digital Voice Recorder File 200 .
SYW Yamaha SY99 / SY85 Audio File 200 .
ZPA Vielklang Audio Metadata File 200 .PEK Adobe Peak Waveform File 200 .GSM Global System for Mobile Audio File 200 .SLP SpectraLayers Pro Project 200 .RMJ Real Media Jukebox Audio File 200 .SPH NIST SPHERE Audio File 200 .
MMLP Music Macro Language Project 200 .M4R iPhone Ringtone File 200 .ROL Ad Lib Synthesized Instrument 200 .EFS Ensoniq SQ - 80 File 200 .SDS MIDI Sample Dump Standard File 200 .DTM DigiTrakker Module 200 .ITLS iTunes Live Stream URL 200 .
WPROJ Wwise Project File 200 .CWB Cakewalk Bundle 200 .DSM Digital Sound Module 200 .AFC Mass Effect 2 Audio File 200 .DMSE Sound Editor Project File 200 .
DMSA Music Disc Creator Project File 200 .MDR ModPlug Compressed Module 200 .IGP Igor Published Music Notation File 200 .
BIDULE Bidule Layout File 200 .DFF DSD Audio File 202 .
GP5 Guitar Pro 5 Tablature File 204 .ASD Ableton Live Sample Analysis File 204 .VDJ VirtualDJ Audio Sample File 205 .
WFP WaveFront Program File 205 .MKA Matroska Audio File 206 .PLY Finale Playback File 208 .MID MIDI File 208 .AUP Audacity Project File 208 .VLC VLC Playlist 209 .
MIDI MIDI File 209 .
FLM FL Studio Mobile Song File 209 .
TG TuxGuitar Document 210 .ANG Anghami Audio File 210 .SAF
Secure Audio File 211 .
MINIGSF Game Boy Advance Song File 212 .ABM
Music Album 212 .OMF Open Media Framework File 212 .DCF DRM Content Format File 212 .
WAV WAVE Audio File 213 .
STY Band - in - a- Box Styles File 213 .W01 Yamaha SY Series Wave File 214 .SNG Korg Trinity Song File 214 .AKP
Akai Sampler File 214 .OGG Ogg Vorbis Audio File 214 .M4A MPEG - 4 Audio File 216 .
SFPACK Packed SoundFont File 217 .ALC
Ableton Live Clip File 217 .RIP Hit 'n ' Mix Audio Mashup File 217 .DFC Defractor Instrument 217 .SFL Sound Forge Pro Sound Data File 217 .AUD Video Game Compressed Audio File 218 .ACT ADPCM Compressed Audio File 218 .
M3U8 UTF - 8 M3U Playlist File 220 .EMX eMusic Download File 220 .ACD - ZIP
Sony ACID Project With Embedded Media File 220 .
PCAST iTunes Podcast File 220 .
VSQX VOCALOID3 Project File 220 .
KT3 Battery 3 Drum Kit File 220 .COPY Sony Ericsson Protected Content File 220 .G726 G.726 Audio File 220 .SGP MP3 Audio Mixer Sound Group Project 220 .CKB Cricket Audio Bank File 220 .MUX Trackmania Music File 220 .PLA Sansa Playlist File 220 .AC3 Audio Codec 3 File 221 .MSCZ MuseScore Compressed Score File 221 .
PTX Pro Tools Session File 221 .RX2 REX2 Audio File 221 .DSF Delusion Digital Sound File 221 .GPK WaveLab Audio Peak File 222 .KMP
Korg Trinity / Triton Keymap File 223 .FRG
Sound Forge Pro Project File 225 .OMX OtsAV Media Library Information File 225 .UW
Unsigned Word Audio File 225 .
PANDORA Pandora Android App Executable 225 .
FTM FamiTracker Module 225 .QCP PureVoice Audio File 225 .Q1 Winamp Equalizer Presets File 225 .NRT Nokia Ringtone 225 .CDO Crescendo Music Notation File 225 .SESX Adobe Audition Session File 227 .OGA Ogg Vorbis Audio File 227 .
RGRP
Pro Tools Region Group File 229 .RNS Reason Song File 229 .OMA Sony OpenMG Music File 229 . SSEQ Nintendo DS Sound Sequence File 229 .UAX Unreal Audio Package 229 .LOGIC Logic Pro Project File 229 .RAM
Real Audio Metadata File 229 .EMD ABT Extended Module 230 .ACM Interplay Audio File 230 .
WAX Windows Media Audio Redirect 230 .DS LMMS DrumSynth File 231 .SIB Sibelius Score 231 .SD ESPS Sampled Data File 232 .AAC
Advanced Audio Coding File 232 .3GA 3GPP Audio File 233 .
WMA Windows Media Audio File 233 .S3I Scream Tracker 3 Instrument 233 . PTXT Pro Tools Session Template 233 .DCT
Dictation Audio File 233 .SBI Sound Blaster Instrument 233 .
PTS Pro Tools Session 233 .OBW Superior Drummer Sounds File 233 .
BAND GarageBand Project File 233 .S3M ScreamTracker 3 Module 233 .BWW Bagpipe Player File 233 .INS Sample Cell II Instrument Definition File 233 .
F32 Raw 32 - Bit Audio File 233 .VAG PlayStation Compressed Sound File 233 .MPU MPEG Layer 3 Audio File 233 .SD Sound Designer Audio File 233 .ISMA IIS Smooth Streaming Audio File 233 .RMX RealJukebox Format 233 .NCW Native Compressed Wave File 233 .
PKF Audition Peak File 233 .MOD Amiga Music Module File 233 .CDR Raw Audio CD Data 234 .MO3 MO3 Audio File 234 .SYX MIDI System Exclusive Message 236 .RSO NXT Brick Audio File 236 .
MTF Multi Tracker File 236 .MTP MadTracker 2 Pattern 236 .WPK Nero Wave Editor File 237 .ABC ABC Music Notation 237 .AIF Audio Interchange File Format 238 .ACD ACID Project File 238 .AMR Adaptive Multi-Rate Codec File 240 .AT3 ATRAC3 Audio File 240 .669 UNIS Composer 669 Module 240 .WRK Cakewalk Music Project 240 .B4S Winamp Playlist File 240 .CDDA CD Digital Audio File 240 .OPUS Opus Audio File 241 .BNK Adlib Instrument Bank 241 .INS Adlib Tracker Instrument File 241 .MUS Finale Notation File 241 .AOB DVD - Audio Audio Object File 242 .STM
Scream Tracker 2 Module 242 .ICS IC Recorder Sound File 242 .MXL Compressed MusicXML File 243 .VQF TwinVQ Audio File 243 .SVD Roland Patch File 243 .AA3 ATRAC Audio File 243 .DRA Nuance Dragon Voice Recording File 243 .GBS GameBoy Sound File 244 .IFF Interchange File Format 246 .CDA CD Audio Track Shortcut 247 .ACP aacPlus Audio File 250 .VPL Karaoke Player Playlist 250 .LOF Audacity File List 250 .
MX5TEMPLATE
Mixcraft 5 Audio Project Template 250 .MX3 Mixcraft 3 Audio Project 250 .
WFB WaveFront Sound Bank 250 .MX4 Mixcraft 4 Audio Project 250 .SBG SBaGen Binaural Beat File 250 .WVC WavPack Correction File 250 .
PPCX Adobe Presenter Presentation Audio File 250 .H0 Movie Edit Pro Waveform Information File 250 .AMF
Advanced Module File 250 .RTA TrueRTA Project File 250 .
SSND Synclavier Sound File 250 .NML Traktor Collection File 250 .NKX Kontakt Monolith Container File 250 .MBR Zune Smooth Streaming File 250 .VC3 VSampler Soundbank File 250 .
GPBANK Guitar Pro Sound Bank File 250 .AGM DTS Multi-channel Pro Packer File 250 .
DTSHD DTS - HD Master Audio File 250 .
WFM Pro Tools Wave Cache File 250 .
BDD CARA Sound Radiation Data File 250 .EMP eMusic Music Download File 250 .H5B Line 6 POD HD500 Edit Bundle 250 .
CONFORM Conformalizer Change List File 250 .
PSM Protracker Studio Module 250 .RTI Real Tracker Instrument 250 .CAF
Core Audio File 250 .
WAVE WAVE Sound File 250 .
PTT Pro Tools Session Template 250 .
PTM PolyTracker Module 250 .
LOGICX Logic Pro Project 250 .CWP Cakewalk SONAR Project 250 .SXT Propellerhead Reason NN - XT Patch File 250 .XSPF XSPF Playlist File 251 .SNG MIDI Song File 252 .
MPA MPEG - 2 Audio File 255 .M4B MPEG - 4 Audiobook File 255 .MOGG Multitrack Ogg File 256 .AGR Ableton Groove File 256 .AIFF Audio Interchange File Format 257 .A2 M Adlib Tracker II File 257 .MED Amiga MED Sound File 257 .ITI Impulse Tracker Instrument 257 .ODM OverDrive Media File 257 .MUS Minecraft Music File 259 .WEM
Wwise Encoded Media File 259 .BWG BrainWave Generator Audio File 260 .
WTPT WireTap Studio Packaged Track 260 .CIDB iTunes CD Information File 260 .MMM Music Maker Arrangement File 262 .VIP MAGIX Samplitude Music Studio Project 262 .
WPP WavePad Project File 262 .SNS SNS Video Game Audio File 262 .
GPX Guitar Pro 6 Document 262 .RA RealAudio File 262 .SMF Standard MIDI File 264 .NWC NoteWorthy Composer File 265 .
AA Audible Audio Book File 265 .WVE WaveEditor Project File 266 .
YOOKOO Yookoo Player Playlist File 267 .XA
The Sims Audio File 267 .
PK Audition Peak File 267 .CTS CrazyTalk Script File 267 .XRNS Renoise Song File 267 .SOU SBStudio II Sound File 267 .
FPA Finale Performance Assessment File 267 .OKT Oktalyzer Module 267 .NRA Nero Audio Compilation 267 .U AU Audio File 267 .SHN Shorten Compressed Audio File 267 .
SYH Synchomatic Instrument 267 .
GSFLIB Game Boy Advance Song Library 267 .
MUSX Finale Notation File 268 .VOX Dialogic Voice Audio File 269 .DSS Digital Speech Standard File 270 .DIG Sound Designer Audio File 271 .W64 Sony Wave64 Audio File 271 .
TAK Tom's Lossless Audio Kompressor File 273 .
MPGA MPEG - 1 Layer 3 Audio File 273 .CPR Cubase Project 273 .NPL Cubase Library File 275 .
TAK Music Maker Take File 275 .DVF Sony Digital Voice File 275 .IGR Igor Engraver File 275 .
ARIA Chipsounds Sound File 275 .SWA Shockwave Audio 275 .LWV Linguistically Enhanced Sound File 275 .
FTMX Finale Template File 275 .UWF UltraTracker Wave File 275 .
MPDP MixPad Project File 278 .VPM Garmin Voice File 280 .MYR Myriad Music File 280 .MX5 Mixcraft 5 Audio Project 280 .MU3 Myriad Packed Musical Score 280 .RSN Reason Project File 280 .KRZ Kurzweil K2000 File 280 .ZVD ZyXEL Voice File 280 .NVF Creative Labs NVF Audio File 282 .CFA Adobe Conformed Audio File 283 .VPR VOCALOID5 Project File 283 .VMD Covox Raw Sample 283 .WV WavPack Audio File 285 .KAR Karaoke MIDI File 287 .NKC
Kontakt Library Data File 287 .ACD - BAK MAGIX ACID Project Backup File 289 .5XB Line 6 POD HD500X Edit Bundle 289 .SEQ PowerTracks Pro Audio Project File 292 .DTS DTS Encoded Audio File 292 .DCM DCM Audio Module 294 .
BRSTM BRSTM Audio Stream File 294 .
FZV Casio FZ - 1 Voice Dump 300 .G721 G.721 Audio File 300 .PNA PhatNoise Audio File 300 .GIG Tascam GigaSampler File 300 .SC2 Sample Cell II Instrument Definition 300 .
PEAK Steinberg Peak File 300 .MDC MidiCo Karaoke Audio File 300 .DS2 Olympus DSS Pro Audio File 300 .
FZF Casio FZ - 1 Full Dump 300 .PCA Perfect Clarity Audio File 300 .LSO Logic Audio Project 300 .RPL Dolby Cinema Print Master File 300 .M4P iTunes Music Store Audio File 300 .VOXAL Voxal Project File 300 .H4B Line 6 POD HD400 Edit Bundle 300 .BNL Talking Reading Pen Audio File 300 .SSEQ Synclavier Sequence File 300 .
NSA Nullsoft Streaming Audio File 300 .AU Audio File 300 .APE Monkey 's Audio Lossless Audio File 300 .
AB Ambling BookPlayer MP3 File 300 .NTN NOTION Song File 300 .
SPPACK SPPack Sound Sample 300 .AMZ Amazon MP3 Downloader File 300 .
GBPROJ GarageBand Project 300 .JAM
Line 6 Device Recording 300 .CDLX Audition CD Layout File 300 .
MINIUSF Nintendo 64 Song File 300 .
FDP FMOD Project File 300 .RMI RMID MIDI File 300 .
MT2 MadTracker 2 Module 300 .KSC Korg Trinity / Triton Script File 300 .K26 Kurzweil K2600 File 300 .
NOTE Notessimo Composition 300 .XM
Fasttracker 2 Extended Module 300 .SMP SampleVision Audio Sample Format 300 .
WUT WUTG Tag File 300 .HBE Line 6 POD HD Edit Preset File 300 .
MA1 Monarch Audio File 300 .MXMF Mobile XMF Ringtone File 300 .
KOZ Audiokoz Music File 300 .SSM
Sound Clip Archive 300 .
FTM Finale Template File 300 .DRG I - Doser Audio Drug File 300 .
BANK FMOD Audio Bank File 300 .
F2R Farandole Linear Module File 300 .HCA High Compression Audio File 300 .SLX SpectraLayers Pro Project 300 .MSMPL_BANK
Korg microSAMPLER
Bank Data File 300 .M5P MachFive Preset File 300 . SONG AudioSauna Song File 300 . TTA True Audio File 300 .
F3R Farandoyle Blocked Module File 300 .ESPS ESPS Sampled Data File 300 .
PSF Portable Sound File 300 .EFV Ensoniq VFX - SD File 300 .SFZ SFZ Sample Definition File 300 .
BWF Broadcast Wave File 300 .CWS ChordWizard Song 300 .XMU Expressive Music Container File 300 .EFK Ensoniq KT File 300 .EFQ Ensoniq SQ1 / SQ2/KS - 32 File 300 .SMA SmartMusic Accompaniment File 300 .DLS Downloadable Sounds File 300 .SYN SimSynth Document 300 .KOZ Bell Music File 300 .
GROOVE ACID Groove File 300 .CSH Cubase Waveform File 300 .HSB HALion Sound Bank File 300 .VAP
Dialogic Indexed Voice Audio File 300 .SAP Atari SAP Music File 300 .SMP SmartMusic Performance File 308 .VB Grand Theft Auto Audio File 308 .AAX Audible Enhanced Audiobook File 309 .RAW Raw Audio Data 310 .MTS MadTracker 2 Sample File 312 .RFL Reason ReFill Sound Bank 312 .KSF Korg Trinity / Triton Sample File 312 .OTS OtsAV Album File 314 .
MMF
Synthetic Music Mobile Application File 314 .MMP MixMeister Playlist 314 .A2B Adlib Tracker II Instrument Bank 314 .
PTF Pro Tools 7 Session File 317 .ADT ADTS Audio File 317 .
NMSV Native Instruments Massive Sound File 319 .
PAC SBStudio II Song File 320 .RNG Nokia Composer Ringtone 320 .PNO Windows 8 Piano Song 320 .MPC Musepack Compressed Audio File 320 .USF Nintendo 64 Music File 320 .AVASTSOUNDS
Avast Soundpack File 320 .AIFC Compressed Audio Interchange File 320 .OVE Overture Musical Score 325 .XMF
Extensible Music File 325 .VRF Ventrilo Audio Recording 325 .8SVX Amiga 8 - Bit Sound File 329 .R1M RealOne Streaming Media File 329 .SBK E-MU SoundFont Sound Bank 329 .VOC Creative Labs Audio File 331 .5XS Line 6 POD HD500X Edit Setlist File 333 .EXPRESSIONMAP
Cubase Expression Map File 333 .RBS MP3 Ringtone File 333 .DMC DPCM Sample File 333 .VTX VTX Chiptune File 333 .
PSY Psycle Song File 333 . LA Lossless Audio File 333 .PRG WAVmaker Patch File 333 .
SMPX SmartMusic Accompaniment File 333 .ITS Impulse Tracker Sample 333 .
DEWF SoundEdit Recorded Instrument 333 .OVW Cubase WAVE Overview File 333 .ADG Ableton Device Group 336 .
MP2 MPEG Layer II Compressed Audio File 342 .SND Sound File 342 .RVX Real Protected Video File 350 .NKB Kontakt Audio Bank 350 .S3Z Compressed Scream Tracker 3 Module 350 .
PHO MBROLA Phonetic Data File 350 .
PPC Adobe Presenter Audio File 350 .STX Scream Tracker Music Interface Kit File 350 .USFLIB Nintendo 64 Song Library 350 .ZPL Zune Playlist 350 .KPL Kazaa Playlist File 350 .SPRG Synclavier Program File 350 .VGZ Video Game Music Compressed File 350 .MGV Yamaha MegaVoice File 350 .A2 I Adlib Tracker II Instrument File 350 .
FSC FL Studio Score File 350 .ULT UltraTracker Module 350 .BAP Blaze Audio Wave Information File 350 .ADV Ableton Device Preset File 360 .
KFN KaraFun Karaoke File 360 .G723 G.723 Audio File 367 .
SFAP0 Sound Forge Pro Audio Proxy File 367 .F64 Raw 64 - Bit Audio File 367 .H5E Line 6 POD HD500 Edit Preset File 367 .
ADTS Audio Data Transport Stream File 367 .MUX Myriad Stand - Alone Music Score 367 .
PSF1 PlayStation Sound Format File 367 . SD2 F Sound Designer 2 File 375 .ALL Cubasis Project File 375 .
WFD WaveFront Drum Kit File 380 .OFR OptimFROG Audio File 380 .DWD DiamondWare Digital Audio File 380 .RBS Rebirth Song File 380 .SND Akai MPC Sample 380 .SFS SFX Sample File 389 .
TD0 Akai Teledisk Sound Library 400 .
WWU Wwise Work Unit 400 .AMS Velvet Studio Module 400 .EFA Ensoniq ASR File 400 .
MINIPSF2 Miniature PlayStation Sound Format File 400 .
PSF2 PlayStation Sound Format File 400 .NKS Kontakt Monolith Container 400 .
WTPL WireTap Studio Library 400 .FSM Farandole Composer WaveSample File 400 .DMF Delusion Digital Music File 400 .DF2 Defractor 2 Instrument 400 .ARIAX Chipsounds XML Sound File 400 .
SCS11 Show Cue System Cue File 400 .CPT DTS Compact Audio File 400 .RTS Real Tracker Sample 400 .
IAA INTUS Audio Archive 400 .MTE MadTracker 2 Envelope 400 .EXS EXS Instrument 400 .RAX Real Music Store Audio File 400 .
NARRATIVE
Narrator Document 400 .SES Audition Session File 400 .CKF Casio Keyboard File 400 .PVC Panasonic VM1 Voice File 400 .VMO Siemens Voice Memo File 400 .XSP Kodi Smart Playlist File 400 .JSPF JSON Playlist File 400 .
AY AY Chiptune File 400 .SVX 8SVX Sound File 400 .
PTCOP PxTone Audio File 408 .AMS Extreme Tracker Module 425 .
SD2 Sound Designer II File 425 .HDP MAGIX Hard Disk Project Audio File 433 .MINIPSF Miniature PlayStation Sound Format File 433 .CEL Audition Loop 433 .SND Macintosh Sound Resource 437 .TXW Yamaha TX16W Audio File 440 .VMF Covox Speech Thing Sample 462 .
PBF Pinnacle Sample Bank 475 .VMF Vocaltec Media File 477
Results limited to 500 .
View complete list .
STRONG GIRLS VOTE MCCAIN - PALIN read the white block letters on the baby ’s pink onesie , and her mother was chanting “ Sarah ! Sarah ! Sarah ! ” on a gorgeous morning in Van Dyke Park in Fairfax , Virginia .
They were two in a crowd of 15,000 — a number , oh , 50 to 100 times greater than the norm for a John McCain event pre-Palin — who ’d turned out for the final joint appearance of the Republican ticketmates before they temporarily went their separate ways last week .
Up onstage , Sarah Palin was perched atop a pair of ruby - red heels , which seemed appropriate .
Maureen Dowd may see the Alaska governor as Eliza Doolittle , but she strikes me more as Dorothy : the girl swept up in the tornado , lifted suddenly out of her black - and - white world , deposited in a Technicolor Oz .
Certainly Barack Obama and his campaign must feel as if a house has dropped on their heads .
And certainly the men behind the curtain in McCain - land have done their best to enhance the pain .
The pummeling has come hard and fast : accusations of sexism against Obama , Joe Biden , and their Democratic allies ; contentions that Obama favors “ comprehensive ” sex education for kindergartners ; visual allusions to the Democrats as a pack of wolves keen to prey on lovely Sarah ; and , lest we forget , condemnations of the hopemonger for purportedly comparing Palin to a gussied - up porcine pretender .
All those charges were leveled in the span of 24 hours last week .
It was an ugly , low , ludicrous moment , in which the howls of faux Republican outrage ( “ offensive , ” “ disgusting , ” “ desperate , ” “ disgraceful ” ) were deafening and the river of crocodile tears so profuse that FEMA nearly had to be called in .
But it was also undeniably tactically effective , knocking Obama off - balance and off - message , getting inside his head , luring him into a losing shadow - boxing match with the Palin phenomenon rather a real fight with his real adversary — you know , um , that guy McCain .
Yet the lipstick wars were about more than tactical skirmishing to win a couple of news cycles .
They were a sign that , in picking Palin as his V.P. , McCain had introduced into the electoral equation a set of variables — gender , class , celebrity , ideology — at once powerful , combustible , and unpredictable .
They presaged a fall campaign in which the most wretched sort of identity politics will apparently prevail .
And they reflected a new strategic dynamic that may well determine the outcome : the fierce and frantic pursuit by both sides of this year ’s “ It ” demographic , the so - called Wal - Mart moms .
Coming across as one of those moms has been the genius of Palin ’s performance in her two weeks on the national stage .
The biography , the family , the plainspokenness , the spunkiness , the overarching Mary Tyler Mooreness :
All of it has shifted focus away from more awkward and pertinent questions .
About her qualifications and readiness to become commander - in - chief .
About her gubernatorial record .
About the falsehoods she is brazenly peddling about her stance on the Bridge to Nowhere .
About the inconsistencies between her image as an anti-earmark reformer and her history of scarfing down so much trayf that she ’s at risk of trichinosis .
What we do know about Palin is that , at least for now , she has jolted the race in a way that makes her selection by McCain seem like something it was not : a carefully wrought , exquisitely calibrated maneuver .
The effect of her arrival in the mix has been evident and advantageous to her boss in every national post - GOP convention poll .
And it ’s been particularly salutary in one area above all : McCain ’s support from white female voters .
According to last week ’s ABC / Washington Post poll , McCain ’s standing among them has improved by twenty points ( from 50 - 42 behind to 53 - 41 ahead ) since teaming with Palin .
The numbers from the latest NBC / Wall Street Journal survey are less gaudy , to be sure , but still nothing to sneeze at : an eleven - point shift , from one point down to ten ahead .
Just how important is the XX - chromosome Caucasian demo ?
Incredibly , in a word .
White women are quintessential swing voters , pragmatic , independent , with weak party allegiances and a tendency to break late .
In 1996 , with the help of those fabled “ soccer moms , ” Clinton carried the demo by five points and won the election by 8.5 in spite of losing the white - male vote by eleven .
In 2004 , George W. Bush ’s appeal to “ security moms ” enabled him to carry white women by eleven , which made all the difference between losing the popular vote in 2000 and winning the next time around .
Among strategists and pollsters it ’s the Wal - Mart moms — slightly older and more downscale than their predecessors , more culturally conservative and more attuned to economics — who look most like the pivotal swing - voting bloc in 2008 .
Mark Penn , Hillary Clinton ’s erstwhile chief strategist and father of the soccer - mom coinage , goes so far as to write , “ [ White ] women 30 and older , all the way up to age 85 , will likely decide the election . ”
That Palin has stirred enthusiasm , or at least curiosity , in this group comes as no surprise .
But among the Washington wise guys and gals the conventional wisdom is that , over time , her impact will diminish .
Back in 1984 , as both the Democratic pollster Celinda Lake and the former Bush operative Matthew Dowd have pointed out , the placement of Geraldine Ferraro on the Democratic ticket occasioned a Palin - size bounce on behalf of Walter Mondale .
And we all know how that turned out .
But Palin may turn out to be a more culturally resonant figure than Ferraro ever was .
“ The reason she appeals to women — and not just working - class women , but most women other than elite women — is that she represents something that they like to see in themselves : strength , authenticity , character , ” says Democratic strategist Gigi Georges of the Glover Park Group .
“ She represents an attitude of ‘ I do n’t really care what anyone thinks .
What the media thinks .
What the elites think .
I just do n’t give a damn . ’
And plays not just to small - town America but to all women who feel they ’ve faced something in their lives , that they ’ve been put down , not recognized for their intelligence , not recognized for their character .
And there she is — she ’s just like them . ”
This is a kind of connection that Obama has never forged among the Wal - Mart moms — and Palin ’s electrifying appearance on the scene may provide them an excuse for rejecting a candidate they never warmed to in the first place .
“ For some white , working - class voters who do n’t want to vote for Barack Obama but were n’t sure about McCain , Palin gave them a good reason to take another look and consider supporting McCain , ” the veteran Democratic organizer Steve Rosenthal told Politico .
“ On the one hand , it could be a temporary reshuffling of the deck .
And on the other hand , it underscores the deep - seated problems we have in this race with race , class , and culture . ”
Those problems , of course , are precisely the ones that the McCain campaign has always planned to exploit against Obama .
And with Palin having provided an impetus for white women to give McCain a second gander , his chief strategist , Steve Schmidt , is wasting no time driving the message that Obama is scary , dangerous , a clear and present threat to their children .
The ad the campaign released last week on Obama ’s supposed support of sex -ed for 5 - year - olds — which stands as one of the most scurrilous , baseless , racially loaded pieces of fearmongering since Willie Horton — is a classic of the genre .
Expect more of the same in the days ahead , focusing on crime : that Obama was soft on gangs , sex offenders , and drug addicts when he was in the Illinois State Senate .
In the face of such attacks , Obama will confront an uphill fight in securing the support he needs to win of the Wal - Mart moms .
The standard Democratic advice , which the Obama campaign appears to be attempting to embrace , is for Obama to change the subject to economics : to kitchen - table matters where what he ’s offering is a clear alternative to the policies promulgated by Bush and endorsed by McCain .
One trouble here is that Obama has yet to put forward anything resembling a coherent economic narrative that makes sense of the hardship the Wal - Mart moms and others are going through .
But another is simply the novelty and attractiveness of Palin .
“ Her appeal is such an emotional appeal , I just do n’t think issues matter much , ” says Georges .
“ The McCain people have used her to turn Obama into the conventional politician .
If you can step away from it and not be partisan , you just have to admit that it ’s an incredibly neat trick , one of the cleverest things I ’ve seen in my time in politics .
If she does n’t screw up , I really think she becomes transformative . ”
That , it should be said , is an exceedingly big if — and one that ’s looking iffier all the time .
Her maiden interviews at the end of last week with ABC ’s Charlie Gibson made clear that , on matters of substance , Palin is wildly out of her depth .
Her answers regarding the Bush doctrine of preemption had a deer - in - the - headlights quality that called to mind Dan Quayle , and her discussion of foreign policy more generally was thin and shaky , a recitation of hastily memorized talking points .
She said nothing disqualifying but also did nothing to allay doubts about her readiness .
Former Republican senator Lincoln Chafee recently referred to Palin as a “ cocky wacko ” ; in her worst moments with Gibson , you could begin to understand why .
The question is whether all this will sink in with voters — or be overwhelmed by her celebrification .
The irony here is that , in no small way , Obama made Palin possible .
The celebrity status of politicians is nothing new , but Obama took it to another level .
He created an atmosphere where a paper - thin résumé was no longer seen as an obstacle to success but an asset .
He built his campaign around a promise of change that even his adherents will grudgingly admit was more atmospheric than substantive .
As a wise man observed the other day in a slightly different context , “ We do not get to choose who follows through the doors we open . ”
Or how fast they come charging in — or what they do when they get there .
E-mail : jheilemann@gmail.com .
Advertisements
At a town hall meeting in Berea , Ohio today , Barack Obama hit back at Republican mocking of his energy plan .
According to ABC News Obama said , “ ” You know the other day I was in a town hall meeting and I laid out my plans for investing $ 15 billion a year in energy efficient cars and a new electricity grid and somebody said , ‘ well , what can I do ?
what can individuals do ? ' ”
“ So I told them something simple , ” Obama said .
“ I said , ‘ You know what ?
You can inflate your tires to the proper levels and that if everybody in America inflated their tires to the proper level , we would actually probably save more oil than all the oil we ’d get from John McCain drilling right below his feet there , or wherever he was going to drill . ' ”
Advertisements
Obama said that Republicans are lying about his energy plan , and taking pride in their ignorance , “ So now the Republicans are going around – this is the kind of thing they do .
I do n’t understand it !
They ’re going around , they ’re sending like little tire gauges , making fun of this idea as if this is ‘ Barack Obama ’s energy plan . ’
Now two points , one , they know they ’re lying about what my energy plan is , but the other thing is they ’re making fun of a step that every expert says would absolutely reduce our oil consumption by 3 to 4 percent .
It ’s like these guys take pride in being ignorant . ”
He also said that instead of running attack ads , Republicans ought to spend some time talking to energy experts , “ You know , they think it is funny that they are making fun of something that is actually true .
They need to do their homework .
Because this is serious business .
Instead of running ads about Paris Hilton and Britney Spears they should go talk to some energy experts and actually make a difference . ”
The Republicans have built a very successful campaign strategy by both appealing to the anti-intellectualist sentiment in some parts of the voting public , and by offering semi-solutions that promise answers to our problems without pain .
That is the basis of the McCain energy plan .
It appeals to people who do n’t want to have to cut their consumption , but want gas prices to come down .
Offshore drilling is the easy solution that the Republicans promise will require no sacrifice from the American people .
Remember , this is the same logic that they used to defend the invasion of Iraq too .
The tire gauge thing is a symbolic tactic that the McCain campaign is using to try to define Obama ’s energy plan as out of touch .
This is another attempt to label Obama the new Jimmy Carter , and Obama needs to understand that the entire Republican strategy is based on exploiting the ignorance of voters , so they not only take pride in ignorance , but also look to exploit it .
The strategy of the McCain campaign is not to run on their own merits , but to be the anti-Obama .
However , this is a plan that is likely to fail .
If you 're looking for a good summer read , might I suggest something just published by the Justice Department 's Inspector General that has a very boring title but should be called " We Have Met the Enemy and It Is Us " ?
( Full article : 639 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
Well , it might  might  break the vicious circle of deleveraging , step 4 in my capsule description .
Even that is n’t clear : the prices of many assets , not just those the Treasury proposes to buy , are under pressure .
And even if the vicious circle is limited , the financial system will still be crippled by inadequate capital .
Or rather , it will be crippled by inadequate capital unless the federal government hugely overpays for the assets it buys , giving financial firms  and their stockholders and executives  a giant windfall at taxpayer expense .
Did I mention that I ’m not happy with this plan ?
The logic of the crisis seems to call for an intervention , not at step 4 , but at step 2 : the financial system needs more capital .
And if the government is going to provide capital to financial firms , it should get what people who provide capital are entitled to  a share in ownership , so that all the gains if the rescue plan works do n’t go to the people who made the mess in the first place .
That ’s what happened in the savings and loan crisis : the feds took over ownership of the bad banks , not just their bad assets .
It ’s also what happened with Fannie and Freddie .
( And by the way , that rescue has done what it was supposed to .
Mortgage interest rates have come down sharply since the federal takeover . )
But Mr. Paulson insists that he wants a “ clean ” plan .
“ Clean , ” in this context , means a taxpayer - financed bailout with no strings attached  no quid pro quo on the part of those being bailed out .
Why is that a good thing ?
Add to this the fact that Mr. Paulson is also demanding dictatorial authority , plus immunity from review “ by any court of law or any administrative agency , ” and this adds up to an unacceptable proposal .
I ’m aware that Congress is under enormous pressure to agree to the Paulson plan in the next few days , with at most a few modifications that make it slightly less bad .
Basically , after having spent a year and a half telling everyone that things were under control , the Bush administration says that the sky is falling , and that to save the world we have to do exactly what it says now now now .
But I ’d urge Congress to pause for a minute , take a deep breath , and try to seriously rework the structure of the plan , making it a plan that addresses the real problem .
Do n’t let yourself be railroaded  if this plan goes through in anything like its current form , we ’ll all be very sorry in the not - too - distant future .
Search Terms : Highlight Matches
Russian planes have been challenged by Alaska - based F - 22s and F - 15s
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 380168
United States
08/19/2008 09:21 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Russian planes have been challenged by Alaska - based F - 22s and F - 15s
---
Full article :
NATO : No ' business as usual ' with Moscow
The Washington Post
4:41 PM CDT , August 19 , 2008
BRUSSELS , Belgium - BRUSSELS , Belgium -- NATO allies said Tuesday there would be no " business as usual " with Moscow until Russian troops withdraw from all parts of Georgia , but members of the Western alliance disagreed on the extent to which Moscow should be more permanently isolated .
An alliance declaration calling on Russia to " demonstrate -- both in word and deed " its commitment to its cooperative relationship with NATO , one U.S. official said , was " better than we thought " could be achieved in the face of reluctance from some European partners .
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said , " The United States sought precisely what we got in this statement . "
But other diplomats said the consensus document was a reflection of the fact that the alliance has few options -- short of military action , which its members have rejected -- to force its will on Russia .
A German diplomat said that his government did not consider NATO the proper place to discuss a global response to the Georgian crisis , suggesting that the United Nations and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) were more appropriate venues .
" There were different perspectives " in Tuesday morning 's closed - door meeting , the diplomat said .
" Georgia is not a member of NATO .
... What can NATO do ? "
In addition to repeating its denunciation of Russian actions in Georgia and calling for an end to what NATO Secretary General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer called its " occupation " of " the greater part of Georgia , " the alliance said it would provide technical assistance to rebuild Georgian infrastructure , including its air traffic control system , damaged by Russian strikes .
The alliance said it would form a NATO - Georgian commission to help Georgia move toward eventual NATO membership .
Despite Russia 's announcement Monday that it would begin to withdraw , de Hoop Scheffer said in a news conference that there were still no confirmed reports that it was doing so .
Meanwhile , OSCE said agreement had been reached between Russia and Georgia to immediately send 20 unarmed military monitors to oversee a cease - fire , a number that eventually will be increased to 100 .
The monitors will be stationed in the " conflict zone " in Georgia proper , outside the Georgian enclaves of South Ossetia and Abkhazia .
Russia says the enclaves should be independent of Tbilisi , and has said its military invasion was precipitated by a Georgian military attack on them .
Asked whether NATO was developing any new military plans to assist the Georgians , de Hoop Scheffer said : " The answer is no .
I think we have in place what we should have . "
He denounced a Russian threat to target Poland in response to a U.S. - Polish missile defense agreement that Rice will sign in Warsaw on Wednesday .
" It is pathetic rhetoric , " de Hoop Scheffer said of the Russian threats .
Russia 's continued refusal to withdraw , despite promises made in a cease - fire agreement negotiated by French President Nicolas Sarkozy , has frustrated the alliance .
The Bush administration had urged a near - complete shunning of Moscow in international organizations , including the NATO - Russian Council , established after the fall of the Soviet Union to increase cooperation .
De Hoop Scheffer said he saw no prospect of council meetings or programs in the near future .
But in an article in Tuesday morning 's London Times , British Foreign Secretary David Miliband wrote that " isolation has been tried in the past and did n't work .
I favor hard - headed engagement , " a phrase that a British diplomat interpreted as meaning " you do n't step back from delivering a tough message " at every encounter with Russian officials .
Miliband said he did not favor expelling Russia from the Group of Eight wealthy , industrialized nations , as U.S. presidential candidate Sen. John McCain , R - Ariz. , has proposed .
" That would encourage Russian sense of victimhood , fuel Russian revanchism and allow the Russians to position themselves as the champion of reform for those currently outside the G - 8 , " he wrote .
Reports Tuesday from Georgia emphasized the ambiguity of the situation on the ground .
Russian troops still traveled the country at will and appeared to be entrenching some positions , even though Russian officials in Moscow said a withdrawal was underway .
According to wire service and other reports , a Russian contingent returned to the Black Sea port at Poti , where it destroyed more Georgian equipment and took several Georgian military personnel into custody .
Russians also remained in positions around the central city of Gori .
" We stress the urgency of swift , complete and good faith implementations of the ( withdrawal ) agreement , " the statement issued by the 26 NATO countries said . " ...
Military action must cease definitively and military forces must return to their positions held prior to the outbreak of hostilities . "
Even before the emergency session , there was broad agreement that NATO should try to ensure Moscow follows through on its withdrawal promises , and that the military incursion is not used to redefine the borders of former Soviet states hoping to join the Atlantic alliance .
Rice said Monday that NATO would send a message to Moscow that " we 're not going to allow Russia to draw a new line around those states not yet integrated ( into NATO ) like Ukraine and Georgia . "
But she said the alliance was unlikely to speed up consideration of their applications to be formally placed on the path toward NATO membership .
Requests by the two former Soviet republics were set aside at a NATO summit last spring , to be revisited at a foreign ministers meeting scheduled for December .
She said Tuesday 's meeting would also reaffirm support for NATO members in central and eastern Europe , such as the Balkan nations and Poland , which joined following the 1991 collapse of the Soviet Union .
" We 're reinforcing the point that they are safely within transatlantic structures , " Rice said .
Following the NATO meeting , Rice is scheduled to fly to Warsaw to formalize the U.S. - Polish missile defense agreement made last week .
In comments Monday aboard her aircraft en route to Brussels , Rice for the first time placed the Georgian crisis in the context of what she described as Moscow 's stepped - up military taunting of some of NATO 's most powerful members , including an increase of strategic bomber flights near the Alaskan coast .
Flights by Russian Tu-95 " Bear " bombers into what the United States considers its " defensive air space " have notably increased during the past six months , U.S. officials have said .
The Russian planes have been challenged by Alaska - based F - 22s and F - 15s and escorted in the other direction without incident , officials said .
" This is a very dangerous game , and perhaps one the Russians might want to reconsider , " Rice said .
" It is not cost free .
...
This effort to somehow assert Russian power or influence by military means is something that we 've been seeing for a while . "
Similar flights , she said , have occurred near the coast of Norway , another NATO member , which shares a border with Russia .
[ link to www.chicagotribune.com]
The Russian planes have been challenged by Alaska - based F - 22s and F - 15s and escorted in the other direction without incident , officials said .
...--- Full article : NATO : No ' business as usual ' with MoscowThe Washington Post4:41 PM CDT , August 19 , 2008 BRUSSELS , Belgium - BRUSSELS , Belgium -- NATO allies said Tuesday there would be no " business as usual " with Moscow until Russian troops withdraw from all parts of Georgia , but members of the Western alliance disagreed on the extent to which Moscow should be more permanently isolated .
An alliance declaration calling on Russia to " demonstrate -- both in word and deed " its commitment to its cooperative relationship with NATO , one U.S. official said , was " better than we thought " could be achieved in the face of reluctance from some European partners .
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said , " The United States sought precisely what we got in this statement . "
But other diplomats said the consensus document was a reflection of the fact that the alliance has few options -- short of military action , which its members have rejected -- to force its will on Russia .
A German diplomat said that his government did not consider NATO the proper place to discuss a global response to the Georgian crisis , suggesting that the United Nations and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) were more appropriate venues .
" There were different perspectives " in Tuesday morning 's closed - door meeting , the diplomat said .
" Georgia is not a member of NATO .
...
What can NATO do ?
" In addition to repeating its denunciation of Russian actions in Georgia and calling for an end to what NATO Secretary General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer called its " occupation " of " the greater part of Georgia , " the alliance said it would provide technical assistance to rebuild Georgian infrastructure , including its air traffic control system , damaged by Russian strikes .
The alliance said it would form a NATO - Georgian commission to help Georgia move toward eventual NATO membership .
Despite Russia 's announcement Monday that it would begin to withdraw , de Hoop Scheffer said in a news conference that there were still no confirmed reports that it was doing so .
Meanwhile , OSCE said agreement had been reached between Russia and Georgia to immediately send 20 unarmed military monitors to oversee a cease - fire , a number that eventually will be increased to 100 .
The monitors will be stationed in the " conflict zone " in Georgia proper , outside the Georgian enclaves of South Ossetia and Abkhazia .
Russia says the enclaves should be independent of Tbilisi , and has said its military invasion was precipitated by a Georgian military attack on them .
Asked whether NATO was developing any new military plans to assist the Georgians , de Hoop Scheffer said : " The answer is no .
I think we have in place what we should have . "
He denounced a Russian threat to target Poland in response to a U.S. - Polish missile defense agreement that Rice will sign in Warsaw on Wednesday .
" It is pathetic rhetoric , " de Hoop Scheffer said of the Russian threats .
Russia 's continued refusal to withdraw , despite promises made in a cease - fire agreement negotiated by French President Nicolas Sarkozy , has frustrated the alliance .
The Bush administration had urged a near - complete shunning of Moscow in international organizations , including the NATO - Russian Council , established after the fall of the Soviet Union to increase cooperation .
De Hoop Scheffer said he saw no prospect of council meetings or programs in the near future .
But in an article in Tuesday morning 's London Times , British Foreign Secretary David Miliband wrote that " isolation has been tried in the past and did n't work .
I favor hard - headed engagement , " a phrase that a British diplomat interpreted as meaning " you do n't step back from delivering a tough message " at every encounter with Russian officials .
Miliband said he did not favor expelling Russia from the Group of Eight wealthy , industrialized nations , as U.S. presidential candidate Sen. John McCain , R - Ariz. , has proposed .
" That would encourage Russian sense of victimhood , fuel Russian revanchism and allow the Russians to position themselves as the champion of reform for those currently outside the G - 8 , " he wrote .
Reports Tuesday from Georgia emphasized the ambiguity of the situation on the ground .
Russian troops still traveled the country at will and appeared to be entrenching some positions , even though Russian officials in Moscow said a withdrawal was underway .
According to wire service and other reports , a Russian contingent returned to the Black Sea port at Poti , where it destroyed more Georgian equipment and took several Georgian military personnel into custody .
Russians also remained in positions around the central city of Gori .
" We stress the urgency of swift , complete and good faith implementations of the ( withdrawal ) agreement , " the statement issued by the 26 NATO countries said . " ...
Military action must cease definitively and military forces must return to their positions held prior to the outbreak of hostilities .
" Even before the emergency session , there was broad agreement that NATO should try to ensure Moscow follows through on its withdrawal promises , and that the military incursion is not used to redefine the borders of former Soviet states hoping to join the Atlantic alliance .
Rice said Monday that NATO would send a message to Moscow that " we 're not going to allow Russia to draw a new line around those states not yet integrated ( into NATO ) like Ukraine and Georgia . "
But she said the alliance was unlikely to speed up consideration of their applications to be formally placed on the path toward NATO membership .
Requests by the two former Soviet republics were set aside at a NATO summit last spring , to be revisited at a foreign ministers meeting scheduled for December .
She said Tuesday 's meeting would also reaffirm support for NATO members in central and eastern Europe , such as the Balkan nations and Poland , which joined following the 1991 collapse of the Soviet Union .
"
We 're reinforcing the point that they are safely within transatlantic structures , " Rice said .
Following the NATO meeting , Rice is scheduled to fly to Warsaw to formalize the U.S. - Polish missile defense agreement made last week .
In comments Monday aboard her aircraft en route to Brussels , Rice for the first time placed the Georgian crisis in the context of what she described as Moscow 's stepped - up military taunting of some of NATO 's most powerful members , including an increase of strategic bomber flights near the Alaskan coast .
Flights by Russian Tu-95 " Bear " bombers into what the United States considers its " defensive air space " have notably increased during the past six months , U.S. officials have said .
" This is a very dangerous game , and perhaps one the Russians might want to reconsider , " Rice said .
" It is not cost free .
...
This effort to somehow assert Russian power or influence by military means is something that we 've been seeing for a while . "
Similar flights , she said , have occurred near the coast of Norway , another NATO member , which shares a border with Russia .
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 224770
United States
08/19/2008 09:38 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian planes have been challenged by Alaska - based F - 22s and F - 15s Flights by Russian Tu-95 " Bear " bombers into what the United States considers its " defensive air space " have notably increased during the past six months , U.S. officials have said .
The Russian planes have been challenged by Alaska - based F - 22s and F - 15s and escorted in the other direction without incident , officials said .
Jesus Christ !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Shark Skin Jacket
User ID : 460816
United States
08/19/2008 09:49 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian planes have been challenged by Alaska - based F - 22s and F - 15s
---
Full article :
NATO : No ' business as usual ' with Moscow
The Washington Post
4:41 PM CDT , August 19 , 2008
BRUSSELS , Belgium - BRUSSELS , Belgium -- NATO allies said Tuesday there would be no " business as usual " with Moscow until Russian troops withdraw from all parts of Georgia , but members of the Western alliance disagreed on the extent to which Moscow should be more permanently isolated .
An alliance declaration calling on Russia to " demonstrate -- both in word and deed " its commitment to its cooperative relationship with NATO , one U.S. official said , was " better than we thought " could be achieved in the face of reluctance from some European partners .
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said , " The United States sought precisely what we got in this statement . "
But other diplomats said the consensus document was a reflection of the fact that the alliance has few options -- short of military action , which its members have rejected -- to force its will on Russia .
A German diplomat said that his government did not consider NATO the proper place to discuss a global response to the Georgian crisis , suggesting that the United Nations and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) were more appropriate venues .
" There were different perspectives " in Tuesday morning 's closed - door meeting , the diplomat said .
" Georgia is not a member of NATO .
... What can NATO do ? "
In addition to repeating its denunciation of Russian actions in Georgia and calling for an end to what NATO Secretary General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer called its " occupation " of " the greater part of Georgia , " the alliance said it would provide technical assistance to rebuild Georgian infrastructure , including its air traffic control system , damaged by Russian strikes .
The alliance said it would form a NATO - Georgian commission to help Georgia move toward eventual NATO membership .
Despite Russia 's announcement Monday that it would begin to withdraw , de Hoop Scheffer said in a news conference that there were still no confirmed reports that it was doing so .
Meanwhile , OSCE said agreement had been reached between Russia and Georgia to immediately send 20 unarmed military monitors to oversee a cease - fire , a number that eventually will be increased to 100 .
The monitors will be stationed in the " conflict zone " in Georgia proper , outside the Georgian enclaves of South Ossetia and Abkhazia .
Russia says the enclaves should be independent of Tbilisi , and has said its military invasion was precipitated by a Georgian military attack on them .
Asked whether NATO was developing any new military plans to assist the Georgians , de Hoop Scheffer said : " The answer is no .
I think we have in place what we should have . "
He denounced a Russian threat to target Poland in response to a U.S. - Polish missile defense agreement that Rice will sign in Warsaw on Wednesday .
" It is pathetic rhetoric , " de Hoop Scheffer said of the Russian threats .
Russia 's continued refusal to withdraw , despite promises made in a cease - fire agreement negotiated by French President Nicolas Sarkozy , has frustrated the alliance .
The Bush administration had urged a near - complete shunning of Moscow in international organizations , including the NATO - Russian Council , established after the fall of the Soviet Union to increase cooperation .
De Hoop Scheffer said he saw no prospect of council meetings or programs in the near future .
But in an article in Tuesday morning 's London Times , British Foreign Secretary David Miliband wrote that " isolation has been tried in the past and did n't work .
I favor hard - headed engagement , " a phrase that a British diplomat interpreted as meaning " you do n't step back from delivering a tough message " at every encounter with Russian officials .
Miliband said he did not favor expelling Russia from the Group of Eight wealthy , industrialized nations , as U.S. presidential candidate Sen. John McCain , R - Ariz. , has proposed .
" That would encourage Russian sense of victimhood , fuel Russian revanchism and allow the Russians to position themselves as the champion of reform for those currently outside the G - 8 , " he wrote .
Reports Tuesday from Georgia emphasized the ambiguity of the situation on the ground .
Russian troops still traveled the country at will and appeared to be entrenching some positions , even though Russian officials in Moscow said a withdrawal was underway .
According to wire service and other reports , a Russian contingent returned to the Black Sea port at Poti , where it destroyed more Georgian equipment and took several Georgian military personnel into custody .
Russians also remained in positions around the central city of Gori .
" We stress the urgency of swift , complete and good faith implementations of the ( withdrawal ) agreement , " the statement issued by the 26 NATO countries said . " ...
Military action must cease definitively and military forces must return to their positions held prior to the outbreak of hostilities . "
Even before the emergency session , there was broad agreement that NATO should try to ensure Moscow follows through on its withdrawal promises , and that the military incursion is not used to redefine the borders of former Soviet states hoping to join the Atlantic alliance .
Rice said Monday that NATO would send a message to Moscow that " we 're not going to allow Russia to draw a new line around those states not yet integrated ( into NATO ) like Ukraine and Georgia . "
But she said the alliance was unlikely to speed up consideration of their applications to be formally placed on the path toward NATO membership .
Requests by the two former Soviet republics were set aside at a NATO summit last spring , to be revisited at a foreign ministers meeting scheduled for December .
She said Tuesday 's meeting would also reaffirm support for NATO members in central and eastern Europe , such as the Balkan nations and Poland , which joined following the 1991 collapse of the Soviet Union .
" We 're reinforcing the point that they are safely within transatlantic structures , " Rice said .
Following the NATO meeting , Rice is scheduled to fly to Warsaw to formalize the U.S. - Polish missile defense agreement made last week .
In comments Monday aboard her aircraft en route to Brussels , Rice for the first time placed the Georgian crisis in the context of what she described as Moscow 's stepped - up military taunting of some of NATO 's most powerful members , including an increase of strategic bomber flights near the Alaskan coast .
Flights by Russian Tu-95 " Bear " bombers into what the United States considers its " defensive air space " have notably increased during the past six months , U.S. officials have said .
The Russian planes have been challenged by Alaska - based F - 22s and F - 15s and escorted in the other direction without incident , officials said .
" This is a very dangerous game , and perhaps one the Russians might want to reconsider , " Rice said .
" It is not cost free .
...
This effort to somehow assert Russian power or influence by military means is something that we 've been seeing for a while . "
Similar flights , she said , have occurred near the coast of Norway , another NATO member , which shares a border with Russia .
[ link to www.chicagotribune.com]
The Russian planes have been challenged by Alaska - based F - 22s and F - 15s and escorted in the other direction without incident , officials said .
...--- Full article : NATO : No ' business as usual ' with MoscowThe Washington Post4:41 PM CDT , August 19 , 2008 BRUSSELS , Belgium - BRUSSELS , Belgium -- NATO allies said Tuesday there would be no " business as usual " with Moscow until Russian troops withdraw from all parts of Georgia , but members of the Western alliance disagreed on the extent to which Moscow should be more permanently isolated .
An alliance declaration calling on Russia to " demonstrate -- both in word and deed " its commitment to its cooperative relationship with NATO , one U.S. official said , was " better than we thought " could be achieved in the face of reluctance from some European partners .
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said , " The United States sought precisely what we got in this statement . "
But other diplomats said the consensus document was a reflection of the fact that the alliance has few options -- short of military action , which its members have rejected -- to force its will on Russia .
A German diplomat said that his government did not consider NATO the proper place to discuss a global response to the Georgian crisis , suggesting that the United Nations and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) were more appropriate venues .
" There were different perspectives " in Tuesday morning 's closed - door meeting , the diplomat said .
" Georgia is not a member of NATO .
...
What can NATO do ?
" In addition to repeating its denunciation of Russian actions in Georgia and calling for an end to what NATO Secretary General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer called its " occupation " of " the greater part of Georgia , " the alliance said it would provide technical assistance to rebuild Georgian infrastructure , including its air traffic control system , damaged by Russian strikes .
The alliance said it would form a NATO - Georgian commission to help Georgia move toward eventual NATO membership .
Despite Russia 's announcement Monday that it would begin to withdraw , de Hoop Scheffer said in a news conference that there were still no confirmed reports that it was doing so .
Meanwhile , OSCE said agreement had been reached between Russia and Georgia to immediately send 20 unarmed military monitors to oversee a cease - fire , a number that eventually will be increased to 100 .
The monitors will be stationed in the " conflict zone " in Georgia proper , outside the Georgian enclaves of South Ossetia and Abkhazia .
Russia says the enclaves should be independent of Tbilisi , and has said its military invasion was precipitated by a Georgian military attack on them .
Asked whether NATO was developing any new military plans to assist the Georgians , de Hoop Scheffer said : " The answer is no .
I think we have in place what we should have . "
He denounced a Russian threat to target Poland in response to a U.S. - Polish missile defense agreement that Rice will sign in Warsaw on Wednesday .
" It is pathetic rhetoric , " de Hoop Scheffer said of the Russian threats .
Russia 's continued refusal to withdraw , despite promises made in a cease - fire agreement negotiated by French President Nicolas Sarkozy , has frustrated the alliance .
The Bush administration had urged a near - complete shunning of Moscow in international organizations , including the NATO - Russian Council , established after the fall of the Soviet Union to increase cooperation .
De Hoop Scheffer said he saw no prospect of council meetings or programs in the near future .
But in an article in Tuesday morning 's London Times , British Foreign Secretary David Miliband wrote that " isolation has been tried in the past and did n't work .
I favor hard - headed engagement , " a phrase that a British diplomat interpreted as meaning " you do n't step back from delivering a tough message " at every encounter with Russian officials .
Miliband said he did not favor expelling Russia from the Group of Eight wealthy , industrialized nations , as U.S. presidential candidate Sen. John McCain , R - Ariz. , has proposed .
" That would encourage Russian sense of victimhood , fuel Russian revanchism and allow the Russians to position themselves as the champion of reform for those currently outside the G - 8 , " he wrote .
Reports Tuesday from Georgia emphasized the ambiguity of the situation on the ground .
Russian troops still traveled the country at will and appeared to be entrenching some positions , even though Russian officials in Moscow said a withdrawal was underway .
According to wire service and other reports , a Russian contingent returned to the Black Sea port at Poti , where it destroyed more Georgian equipment and took several Georgian military personnel into custody .
Russians also remained in positions around the central city of Gori .
" We stress the urgency of swift , complete and good faith implementations of the ( withdrawal ) agreement , " the statement issued by the 26 NATO countries said . " ...
Military action must cease definitively and military forces must return to their positions held prior to the outbreak of hostilities .
" Even before the emergency session , there was broad agreement that NATO should try to ensure Moscow follows through on its withdrawal promises , and that the military incursion is not used to redefine the borders of former Soviet states hoping to join the Atlantic alliance .
Rice said Monday that NATO would send a message to Moscow that " we 're not going to allow Russia to draw a new line around those states not yet integrated ( into NATO ) like Ukraine and Georgia . "
But she said the alliance was unlikely to speed up consideration of their applications to be formally placed on the path toward NATO membership .
Requests by the two former Soviet republics were set aside at a NATO summit last spring , to be revisited at a foreign ministers meeting scheduled for December .
She said Tuesday 's meeting would also reaffirm support for NATO members in central and eastern Europe , such as the Balkan nations and Poland , which joined following the 1991 collapse of the Soviet Union .
"
We 're reinforcing the point that they are safely within transatlantic structures , " Rice said .
Following the NATO meeting , Rice is scheduled to fly to Warsaw to formalize the U.S. - Polish missile defense agreement made last week .
In comments Monday aboard her aircraft en route to Brussels , Rice for the first time placed the Georgian crisis in the context of what she described as Moscow 's stepped - up military taunting of some of NATO 's most powerful members , including an increase of strategic bomber flights near the Alaskan coast .
Flights by Russian Tu-95 " Bear " bombers into what the United States considers its " defensive air space " have notably increased during the past six months , U.S. officials have said .
" This is a very dangerous game , and perhaps one the Russians might want to reconsider , " Rice said .
" It is not cost free .
...
This effort to somehow assert Russian power or influence by military means is something that we 've been seeing for a while . "
Similar flights , she said , have occurred near the coast of Norway , another NATO member , which shares a border with Russia .
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 380168
sorry for asking a dumb question .
who 's air space the Russian planes have been challenged ?
sorry for asking a dumb question .
who 's air space the Russian planes have been challenged ?
Anonymous Coward ( OP )
User ID : 380168
United States
08/19/2008 09:52 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian planes have been challenged by Alaska - based F - 22s and F - 15s Flights by Russian Tu-95 " Bear " bombers into what the United States considers its " defensive air space " have notably increased during the past six months , U.S. officials have said .
The Russian planes have been challenged by Alaska - based F - 22s and F - 15s and escorted in the other direction without incident , officials said .
Jesus Christ !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 224770
Tu -95 7 minute documentary video :
[ link to www.airlinetv.net]
Tu -95 7 minute documentary video :
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 487860
United States
08/19/2008 09:59 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian planes have been challenged by Alaska - based F - 22s and F - 15s Flights by Russian Tu-95 " Bear " bombers into what the United States considers its " defensive air space " have notably increased during the past six months , U.S. officials have said .
The Russian planes have been challenged by Alaska - based F - 22s and F - 15s and escorted in the other direction without incident , officials said .
Jesus Christ !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 224770
Exactly !!
Not a recon mission , whatsoever !
[ link to www.aeronautics.ru]
Exactly !!
Not a recon mission , whatsoever !
Anonymous Coward ( OP )
User ID : 380168
United States
08/19/2008 10:08 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian planes have been challenged by Alaska - based F - 22s and F - 15s Flights by Russian Tu-95 " Bear " bombers into what the United States considers its " defensive air space " have notably increased during the past six months , U.S. officials have said .
The Russian planes have been challenged by Alaska - based F - 22s and F - 15s and escorted in the other direction without incident , officials said .
Jesus Christ !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Exactly !!
Not a recon mission , whatsoever !
[ link to www.aeronautics.ru]
Jesus Christ !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Exactly !!
Not a recon mission , whatsoever !
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 487860
Nice pic .
Nice pic .
Fescado
User ID : 164710
United States
08/19/2008 10:10 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian planes have been challenged by Alaska - based F - 22s and F - 15s
Russia resumes Soviet - era strategic bomber patrol flights : Putin
Moscow , Aug 18 ( UNI ) Russia has resumed the Soviet - era strategic bomber patrol flights on a permanent basis .
'' Fourteen strategic missile carriers , support planes and tanker planes took off from seven Russian airfields in various parts of the country at 0000 hrs Moscow time on August 17 .
Combat alert has begun , '' President Vladimir Putin announced yesterday after the conclusion of anti-terrorist wargames , in Russia ' s Chelyabinsk region .
The exercise was undertaken first time under the auspices of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation ( SCO ) .
President Putin called for an understanding from other countries on Russia resuming the long range strategic bomber flights .
Since 1992 , the Russian Federation unilaterally stopped flights of its strategic aviation in remote combat areas .
However , not all of the countries followed the suit .
This had created certain problems for Russia 's security , he said .
'' For that reason I had made the decision on the resumption of flights of Russian strategic aviation , '' Russian news agencies reported quoting the Russian President .
We proceed from the assumption that our partners would meet the resumption of such flights with an understanding , he added .
The planes that had scrambled would be in the air for 20 hours with refuelling and in interaction with the Navy , Putin said .
' ' I believe that our fliers sat too long .
They made flights occasionally , for example , during strategic exercises , but now they are happy that they are beginning a new lease of life , '' he said .
Former Russian Air Force Chief General Pyotr Deinekin said the resumption of strategic bomber patrols would strengthen Russia 's defence capability .
" It is a good thing that the old geopolitical setup has been revised .
It used to be based on the principle , ' No one is going to attack us . '
Practice testifies to the contrary , '' Mr Deinekin said .
Highlighting the new potential security threats Russia is currently facing , he said NATO fighters were based in the Baltic States while radar stations were being built around Russia 's borders .
Quoting : [ link to news.oneindia.mobi ]
* yar har fiddley dee
plunder the market ' cause a pirate is free *
EDIT TO ADD : THIS ARTICLE IS FROM LAST AUGUST
Anonymous Coward ( OP )
User ID : 380168
United States
08/19/2008 10:12 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian planes have been challenged by Alaska - based F - 22s and F - 15s Russia resumes Soviet - era strategic bomber patrol flights : Putin
Moscow , Aug 18 ( UNI ) Russia has resumed the Soviet - era strategic bomber patrol flights on a permanent basis .
'' Fourteen strategic missile carriers , support planes and tanker planes took off from seven Russian airfields in various parts of the country at 0000 hrs Moscow time on August 17 .
Combat alert has begun , '' President Vladimir Putin announced yesterday after the conclusion of anti-terrorist wargames , in Russia ' s Chelyabinsk region .
The exercise was undertaken first time under the auspices of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation ( SCO ) .
President Putin called for an understanding from other countries on Russia resuming the long range strategic bomber flights .
Since 1992 , the Russian Federation unilaterally stopped flights of its strategic aviation in remote combat areas .
However , not all of the countries followed the suit .
This had created certain problems for Russia 's security , he said .
'' For that reason I had made the decision on the resumption of flights of Russian strategic aviation , '' Russian news agencies reported quoting the Russian President .
We proceed from the assumption that our partners would meet the resumption of such flights with an understanding , he added .
The planes that had scrambled would be in the air for 20 hours with refuelling and in interaction with the Navy , Putin said .
' ' I believe that our fliers sat too long .
They made flights occasionally , for example , during strategic exercises , but now they are happy that they are beginning a new lease of life , '' he said .
Former Russian Air Force Chief General Pyotr Deinekin said the resumption of strategic bomber patrols would strengthen Russia 's defence capability .
" It is a good thing that the old geopolitical setup has been revised .
It used to be based on the principle , ' No one is going to attack us . '
Practice testifies to the contrary , '' Mr Deinekin said .
Highlighting the new potential security threats Russia is currently facing , he said NATO fighters were based in the Baltic States while radar stations were being built around Russia 's borders .
Quoting : Fescado
Thanks .
This deserves it 's own thread .
Thanks .
This deserves it 's own thread .
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 397975
United States
08/19/2008 10:20 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian planes have been challenged by Alaska - based F - 22s and F - 15s dont go shitting yourself , this sort of thing happened
all the time during the cold war
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 486380
Exactly .
It 's called an intercept .
Not a challenge .
The article is totally ambiguous as to where exactly this happened , but you can bet money it was , if anything , a breach of the ADIZ and a routine scramble / intercept as a result .
Nothing to see here folks -- except more western propaganda .
Why are you posting this here ?
Exactly .
It 's called an intercept .
Not a challenge .
The article is totally ambiguous as to where exactly this happened , but you can bet money it was , if anything , a breach of the ADIZ and a routine scramble / intercept as a result .
Nothing to see here folks -- except more western propaganda .
Why are you posting this here ?
Anonymous Coward ( OP )
User ID : 380168
United States
08/19/2008 10:24 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian planes have been challenged by Alaska - based F - 22s and F - 15s dont go shitting yourself , this sort of thing happened
all the time during the cold war
Exactly .
It 's called an intercept .
Not a challenge .
The article is totally ambiguous as to where exactly this happened , but you can bet money it was , if anything , a breach of the ADIZ and a routine scramble / intercept as a result .
Nothing to see here folks -- except more western propaganda .
Why are you posting this here ?
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 397975
I post all kinds of information and let people decide / discern the truth or propaganda for themselves .
I trust the intelligence here at GLP .
Perhaps I should n't do that :)
I try not to believe ANYTHING I read as 99 % of the time it 's going to be BS coming out of any gov't controlled media .
But , I take the info as a collective whole and see where pieces fit together from multiple , redundant , supporting references that may point to some real truth .
I post all kinds of information and let people decide / discern the truth or propaganda for themselves .
I trust the intelligence here at GLP .
Perhaps I should n't do that :) I try not to believe ANYTHING I read as 99 % of the time it 's going to be BS coming out of any gov't controlled media .
But , I take the info as a collective whole and see where pieces fit together from multiple , redundant , supporting references that may point to some real truth .
aaron_o.o
User ID : 487215
United States
08/19/2008 10:24 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian planes have been challenged by Alaska - based F - 22s and F - 15s
i got back from a Red Flag about 3 or 4 months ago in Alaska .
Alaska is the last frontier and we have a hell of an oil reserve on the north slope .
we best be like furious dogs up there .
" God " said , let us make man in our image ..
IMPLYING genetic hybridization
" I awoke only to find , that the rest of the world was still asleep " cool .
: Di got back from a Red Flag about 3 or 4 months ago in Alaska .
Alaska is the last frontier and we have a hell of an oil reserve on the north slope .
we best be like furious dogs up there .
Anonymous Coward ( OP )
User ID : 380168
United States
08/19/2008 10:25 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian planes have been challenged by Alaska - based F - 22s and F - 15s dont go shitting yourself , this sort of thing happened
all the time during the cold war
Exactly .
It 's called an intercept .
Not a challenge .
The article is totally ambiguous as to where exactly this happened , but you can bet money it was , if anything , a breach of the ADIZ and a routine scramble / intercept as a result .
Nothing to see here folks -- except more western propaganda .
Why are you posting this here ?
I post all kinds of information and let people decide / discern the truth or propaganda for themselves .
I trust the intelligence here at GLP .
Perhaps I should n't do that :)
I try not to believe ANYTHING I read as 99 % of the time it 's going to be BS coming out of any gov't controlled media .
But , I take the info as a collective whole and see where pieces fit together from multiple , redundant , supporting references that may point to some real truth .
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 380168
I also get tons of great info from people like you who know more than me if I simply post information that 's true or BS .
That 's what 's great about GLP .
Tons of great info exchanged even over the most seemingly inane posts .
I also get tons of great info from people like you who know more than me if I simply post information that 's true or BS .
That 's what 's great about GLP .
Tons of great info exchanged even over the most seemingly inane posts .
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 429709
United States
08/19/2008 10:37 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian planes have been challenged by Alaska - based F - 22s and F - 15s Exactly .
It 's called an intercept .
Not a challenge .
The article is totally ambiguous as to where exactly this happened , but you can bet money it was , if anything , a breach of the ADIZ and a routine scramble / intercept as a result .
Nothing to see here folks -- except more western propaganda .
Why are you posting this here ?
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 397975
Not to mention the Russian bombers were not being escorted by Russian fighter jets .
The chance of that encounter turning for the worse = 0 .
Propaganda all the way .
Not to mention the Russian bombers were not being escorted by Russian fighter jets .
The chance of that encounter turning for the worse = 0 . Propaganda all the way .
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 232336
United States
08/19/2008 10:42 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian planes have been challenged by Alaska - based F - 22s and F - 15s
[ link to www.air-attack.com]
OMG !!!
Does anyone else see the UFO right above the f22 !!
Zetas right again !!
ALIENS prevent WWIII !!!
It 's the moon , Zetatard .
f 22 and tu95 picOMG !!!
Does anyone else see the UFO right above the f22 !!
Zetas right again !!
ALIENS prevent WWIII !!!
It 's the moon , Zetatard .
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 487860
Shut the fuck up !
It 's obviously a UFO , or possibly Nibiru .
Zetas Rule , Haters Drool !
Shut the fuck up !
It 's obviously a UFO , or possibly Nibiru .
Zetas Rule , Haters Drool !
Anonymous Coward ( OP )
User ID : 380168
United States
08/19/2008 11:26 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian planes have been challenged by Alaska - based F - 22s and F - 15s i wonder if it took over an hour to scramble the jets like it did on sept 11 , 2001
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 482675
Ha !
Probably .
Ha !
Probably .
The Choirmaster
User ID : 487333
United States
08/19/2008 11:31 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian planes have been challenged by Alaska - based F - 22s and F - 15s
[ link to www.air-attack.com]
OMG !!!
Does anyone else see the UFO right above the f22 !!
Zetas right again !!
ALIENS prevent WWIII !!!
It 's the moon , Zetatard .
Shut the fuck up !
It 's obviously a UFO , or possibly Nibiru .
Zetas Rule , Haters Drool !
f 22 and tu95 picOMG !!!
Does anyone else see the UFO right above the f22 !!
Zetas right again !!
ALIENS prevent WWIII !!!
It 's the moon , Zetatard .
Shut the fuck up !
It 's obviously a UFO , or possibly Nibiru .
Zetas Rule , Haters Drool !
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 232336
It 's people like you that make me question the existence of Nibiru .
I had such high hopes , and I 'm not even high . . .
You Zeta peeps have ruined it for me !
So goes life .
Proud member of the conspiratorial twenty - first century nuns . . .
It 's people like you that make me question the existence of Nibiru .
I had such high hopes , and I 'm not even high . . .
You Zeta peeps have ruined it for me !
So goes life .
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 232336
United States
08/19/2008 11:37 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian planes have been challenged by Alaska - based F - 22s and F - 15s
[ link to www.air-attack.com]
OMG !!!
Does anyone else see the UFO right above the f22 !!
Zetas right again !!
ALIENS prevent WWIII !!!
It 's the moon , Zetatard .
Shut the fuck up !
It 's obviously a UFO , or possibly Nibiru .
Zetas Rule , Haters Drool !
It 's people like you that make me question the existence of Nibiru .
I had such high hopes , and I 'm not even high . . .
You Zeta peeps have ruined it for me !
So goes life .
f 22 and tu95 picOMG !!!
Does anyone else see the UFO right above the f22 !!
Zetas right again !!
ALIENS prevent WWIII !!!
It 's the moon , Zetatard .
Shut the fuck up !
It 's obviously a UFO , or possibly Nibiru .
Zetas Rule , Haters Drool !
It 's people like you that make me question the existence of Nibiru .
I had such high hopes , and I 'm not even high . . .
You Zeta peeps have ruined it for me !
So goes life .
Quoting : The Choirmaster
Question Nibiru ! Question Nibiru !
How DARE you !
Nancy has gone through so much , suffered so much and you DARE to question the existence of Nibiru .
You are a filthy turd not even fit to float in the toilet that is Nancy !
Question Nibiru ! Question Nibiru !How DARE you !
Nancy has gone through so much , suffered so much and you DARE to question the existence of Nibiru .
You are a filthy turd not even fit to float in the toilet that is Nancy !
The Choirmaster
User ID : 487333
United States
08/19/2008 11:39 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian planes have been challenged by Alaska - based F - 22s and F - 15s
[ link to www.air-attack.com]
OMG !!!
Does anyone else see the UFO right above the f22 !!
Zetas right again !!
ALIENS prevent WWIII !!!
It 's the moon , Zetatard .
Shut the fuck up !
It 's obviously a UFO , or possibly Nibiru .
Zetas Rule , Haters Drool !
It 's people like you that make me question the existence of Nibiru .
I had such high hopes , and I 'm not even high . . .
You Zeta peeps have ruined it for me !
So goes life .
Question Nibiru ! Question Nibiru !
How DARE you !
Nancy has gone through so much , suffered so much and you DARE to question the existence of Nibiru .
You are a filthy turd not even fit to float in the toilet that is Nancy !
f 22 and tu95 picOMG !!!
Does anyone else see the UFO right above the f22 !!
Zetas right again !!
ALIENS prevent WWIII !!!
It 's the moon , Zetatard .
Shut the fuck up !
It 's obviously a UFO , or possibly Nibiru .
Zetas Rule , Haters Drool !
It 's people like you that make me question the existence of Nibiru .
I had such high hopes , and I 'm not even high . . .
You Zeta peeps have ruined it for me !
So goes life .
Question Nibiru ! Question Nibiru !How DARE you !
Nancy has gone through so much , suffered so much and you DARE to question the existence of Nibiru .
You are a filthy turd not even fit to float in the toilet that is Nancy !
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 232336
My , my . . . such love !
Proud member of the conspiratorial twenty - first century nuns . . .
My , my . . . such love !
The Choirmaster
User ID : 487333
United States
08/19/2008 11:41 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian planes have been challenged by Alaska - based F - 22s and F - 15s
You are a filthy turd not even fit to float in the toilet that is Nancy !
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 232336
BTW , do you realize that you just called dear Nancy a toilet ?
I wonder what that makes you ?
Regardless , no wonder she 's filled with filth and lies . . .
Proud member of the conspiratorial twenty - first century nuns . . . BTW , do you realize that you just called dear Nancy a toilet ?
I wonder what that makes you ?
Regardless , no wonder she 's filled with filth and lies . . .
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 232336
United States
08/19/2008 11:46 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian planes have been challenged by Alaska - based F - 22s and F - 15s Regardless , no wonder she 's filled with filth and lies . . .
Quoting : The Choirmaster
Well , you 've gone and done it .
I am going to have to report this disgusting and disgraceful insult to Nancy .
If she brings it up in the Galatic Council , I can only imagine ...
Nancy is full of mercy and compassion , but even she has her limits ...
Well , you 've gone and done it .
I am going to have to report this disgusting and disgraceful insult to Nancy .
If she brings it up in the Galatic Council , I can only imagine ... Nancy is full of mercy and compassion , but even she has her limits ...
Isolate Their [ email protected ]
User ID : 429261
United States
08/19/2008 11:49 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian planes have been challenged by Alaska - based F - 22s and F - 15s members of the Western alliance disagreed on the extent to which Moscow should be more permanently isolated .
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 380168
I think we should isolate them in a living hell of their own making .
That is the only way they will learn .
I think we should isolate them in a living hell of their own making .
That is the only way they will learn .
Anonymous Coward ( OP )
User ID : 380168
United States
08/20/2008 12:05 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian planes have been challenged by Alaska - based F - 22s and F - 15s stop the doubletalk .................. did russia invade alaska air space within the last few days or not ............. be clear ..
Quoting : anonymous 487807
There 's never been any report of Russia invading Alaskan air space that I can find .
They are simply flying patrols off the coast , which resumed last August .
Did the U.S. piss them off over something last August ?
There 's never been any report of Russia invading Alaskan air space that I can find .
They are simply flying patrols off the coast , which resumed last August .
Did the U.S. piss them off over something last August ?
A modern art museum is also under way in the eastern city of Calcutta .
Herzog & de Meuron , the Swiss architecture firm that built the Tate Modern in London , is designing it .
Construction is to start next year , and the museum is to open in late 2013 , said Rakhi Sarkar , a collector there and one of the driving forces behind the museum .
To be sure , there have always been art collectors in India , from erstwhile royalty to the old Indian business families like the Poddars .
But the last decade of economic growth has thrust many new buyers into the art market , spurred on art funds that invest in paintings as one might in , say , soybean shares , and in turn sent prices shooting up almost overnight .
All the while , a handful of wealthy Indians have been collecting with serious , singular purpose .
Harsh Goenka , who heads a family - owned conglomerate based in Mumbai , has a special yen for portraits .
Priti and Priya Paul , sisters who run the Apeejay Group of businesses , have built on their family ’s collections : Priti ’s passion is video art , while Priya ’s is popular art like old calendars , advertisements and film memorabilia .
The birth of the Devi Art Foundation signals a sort of turning point in the Indian art scene , in that it opens up a private family trove to the public and is devoted entirely to contemporary art .
The Poddars are known in the art world here for their daring eye , for seeking out artists before they start fetching high prices or become recognizable names at fashionable Delhi dinner parties .
Mr. Poddar scouts art college graduations for new talent , though it must be said that many of the artists he sought out years ago , like Subodh Gupta and Sudarshan Shetty , are now among the most recognizable names at those fashionable parties .
“ While most collectors in India still ‘ buy with their ears , ’ ” said Peter Nagy , a transplanted New Yorker who runs the Nature Morte gallery here , “ the Poddars have always listened to their hearts and brains and have never been afraid to be independent in their choices . ”
Freddie Mac ’s payments of roughly $ 500,000 to Davis Manafort , the people familiar with the arrangement said , began in late 2005 , immediately after Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae disbanded an advocacy coalition that they had set up and hired Mr. Davis to run .
From 2000 to the end of 2005 , Mr. Davis received nearly $ 2 million as president of the coalition , the Homeownership Alliance , which the companies created to help them oppose new regulations and protect their status as federally chartered companies with implicit government backing .
That status let them borrow cheaply , helping to fuel rapid growth but also their increased purchases of the risky mortgage securities that proved to be their downfall .
The payments that Mr. Davis received for leading the Homeownership Alliance were reported in Monday ’s issue of The New York Times .
On Sunday , in an interview with CNBC and The Times , Mr. McCain responded to a question about that tie between Mr. Davis and the two mortgage companies by saying that he “ has had nothing to do with it since , and I ’ll be glad to have his record examined by anybody who wants to look at it . ”
Image Rick Davis , left , with Senator John McCain in 2007 .
Credit ... Stephan Savoia / Associated Press
Such assertions , along with McCain campaign television advertisements tying Mr. Obama to former Fannie Mae chiefs , have riled current and former officials of the two companies and provoked them to volunteer rebuttals .
The two people with direct knowledge of Freddie Mac ’s post -2005 contract with Mr. Davis spoke on condition of anonymity .
Four outside consultants  three Democrats and a Republican , also speaking on condition of anonymity  said the arrangement was widely known among people involved in Freddie Mac ’s efforts to influence policy makers .
As president of the Homeownership Alliance , Mr. Davis received $ 30,000 to $ 35,000 a month .
He , along with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , have characterized the alliance as a coalition of many housing industry and consumer groups to promote homeownership , but numerous current and former officials at both companies say the companies created and bankrolled the operation to combat efforts by competitors to rein in their business .
The companies dissolved the group at the end of 2005 as part of cost - cutting in the wake of accounting scandals and , at Freddie Mac , a lobbying scandal that forced out its top Republican lobbyist .
InfoQはCloudCampの創設者であ るReuven Cohen氏(リンク )と会談を行い、クラウドコンピューティングについて議論をおこなった。 CloudCamp(リンク )はクラウドコンピューティングを紹介し、発展させる共通基盤となることを目指して設立された。CloudCampでは既にいくつものイベントが行われて、成功を納めている。また、今年の秋の開催を目指していくつかのイベントが計画されている。
CloudCampを設立しようと思った理由は何ですか？
私が知っている先端のクラウドを提供しているものは、Mosso ,
Flexiscale , GoGrid , Coghead , Salesforce , Google App engineです。また、企業は急いでクラウドサービスを提供できる体制を整え、統合していく必要があると私は考えています。領域限定のクラウドから出て行くことが必要であり、領域の境界というものは必要なくなっていくでしょう。クレジットカードを持っている人は誰でもグローバルなインフラを利用できるようになるでしょう。
クラウドコンピューティングに関して、次に12～18ヶ月の間にどのような変化が期待されますか？また、あなたはどのような変化をさせようと思っていますか？その中で現在発生していないこと、手に入っていないものは何でしょうか？
原文はこちらです
：http://www.infoq.com/news/2008/07/cohen
A RESPONSE to last week ’s column about the chronic troubles of air travelers came from Christine Anderson , who says she was with her son Jack both times he was told that he was on the terrorist watch list .
The first time was in 2004 , when Jack ; his mother ; his brothers Joey , then 8 , and Joshua , then 5 ; and their grandmother , Susan , arrived at the airport in Minneapolis for a trip to Disney World .
“ The woman at the ticket counter demanded , ‘ Who is John Anderson ? ’ ” Ms. Anderson recalled .
She pointed at the baby stroller and said , “ He ’s right here . ”
The suspect , then 2 years old , blinked his big blue eyes and happily gummed his pacifier .
“ That baby ’s on the no-fly watch list , ” the agent said .
His brothers became agitated .
“ We ’re not going to Disney World ! ” one of them wailed , according to Ms. Anderson .
py v8 : python v8 bindings and a python - javascript compiler
Posted 28 Sep 2008 at 14:03 UTC ( updated 28 Sep 2008 at 16:33 UTC ) by lkcl
pyv8 is an experimental project to combine two - way python bindings to v8 with the python - to - javascript compiler from pyjamas .
a simple test has shown a ten times performance increase of python code converted and executed as javascript , when compared to running the same program as python .
( to be fair , cython gives a 100 times performance increase ) .
sloisel has created two - way python bindings to v8 : pyv8 download a version with a Makefile for linux users is here : pyv8 with Makefile pyv8 is the project which ties pyjamas ' ( pyjd.org ) python - to - javascript compiler ( called pyjs.py ) together with python bindings to v8 , and , due to v8 being able to call back out , it 's also been possible to bind back in to standard c python modules and third party c-based python modules .
the simple test , test - pyjs.py , containing a deliberately inefficient fibonacci series algorithm , gives a ten times performance increase compared to running python fib.py .
the output is shown via a python - tk popup window , to demonstrate that it 's possible to call out to c-based python modules .
this is an experimental project .
a much better version of pyv8 would do away with the need to use python to perform the conversion of its incoming programs into javascript - presumably by bootstrap - compiling pyjs.py itself into javascript , and running that native through something based on the v8 " shell " example rather than using python - boost to wrap libv8 .
under these circumstances , python - boost would only really be required to perform the bootstrap - compilation process , required for pyv8 developers and maintainers only : standard _use_ of pyv8 as a drop - in replacement for /usr / bin / python would use the precompiled javascript and the " shell " .
so whilst pyv8 is a way off from being a formal release , the significance of the performance gain , the benefits of being able to bind to standard c-based python modules .
the outright simplicity of pyjs.py ( only 1200 lines ) makes it worthwhile letting people know that the experiment was a resounding success .
it 's also worth mentioning that pypy with its javascript back - end would also definitely benefit from using v8 .
First , to lkcl , to clarify : two - way bindings means that the runtime supports both calls out from the compiled code and calls back ?
It 's impressive , then , that the whole python runtime can be ported to the browser through light hackery , but I guess that this must be non- portable ?
Second , I 'm losing track of *- language -> javascript translators .
Ideally I 'd like to see a comprehensive survey of all such notable bridges , with careful attention made to the space of design choices made , but since that document does not exist , it might help to assemble a list .
I 'll start with six languages chosen by theme : Lkcl 's compiler pyjamas ; pyv8 is a compiler together with a fixed bridge : is this article currently the goto document on this ?
Idiomatic reprepresentations of js : eg. ParenScript , a lispish representation of javascript which attempts to model common lisp idioms ; Compilers for other languages : Ruby seems the most active , and rb2js seems to be the most important ; Bridges to js engines exist for several languages ; eg. the Perl JavaScript : : SpiderMonkey module ; Language interpreters inside js : eg. Oberon Script ; this LtU story has some interesting further links .
I have researched only a few of the above in any depth , so doubtless there are mistakes ; I 'm more interested in hearing of more projects , and what makes them distinctive .
I have researched only a few of the above in any depth , so doubtless there are mistakes ; I 'm more interested in hearing of more projects , and what makes them distinctive .
Mistake # 1 , posted 30 Sep 2008 at 08:58 UTC by chalst » ( Master )
I described Oberon Script as an interpreter ; it is , in fact , a compiler ; I was actually thinking of jsscheme ; an interpreter for a near approximation of R5RS scheme .
OberonScript is an interesting -> js compiler , in that Oberon paradigmatically takes a runtime more like C than the scripting languages , such as Ruby , usually compiled to js .
clarification , posted 30 Sep 2008 at 09:07 UTC by lkcl » ( Master )
First , to lkcl , to clarify : two - way bindings means that the runtime supports both calls out from the compiled code and calls back ?
two - way bindings means that not only has sloisel managed to bind python to v8 , but also , thanks to v8 's callback mechanism and boost , the converted javascript is capable of calling _back_ out to anything .... where in this case , that means " other python modules that are still c- based " .
two - way bindings means that not only has sloisel managed to bind python to v8 , but also , thanks to v8 's callback mechanism and boost , the converted javascript is capable of calling _back_ out to anything .... where in this case , that means " other python modules that are still c- based " .
e.g. python- numeric , or python - tkinter .
It 's impressive , then , that the whole python runtime can be ported to the browser through light hackery , but I guess that this must be non- portable ?
this has nothing to do with browsers .
absolutely nothing .
_one_ file has been borrowed from pyjamas - the python - to - javascript compiler .
pyjamas comprises a python - to - javascript compiler , some DOM model libraries and a " build " script which glues the two together in an easy fashion , providing some builtin classes ( such as List , Dict , set , math module ) .
so , sloisel 's experiment is a trifle oversimplistic for real - world usage , because he did n't include any of the builtin libraries from pyjamas .
if anyone wants to progress this further they will need to look at build .py , note the way that includes are done by extending the library path , and make sure that sprintf.js , builtins .py and math .py are all in the path .
regarding portability : portability is actually restricted not by pyjs.py but by google 's v8 engine .
v8 supports 32 - bit x86 and arm processors only .
# Lkcl 's compiler pyjamas ; it 's not mine , i'm just someone who 's interested in making sure it works and is useful , and , again , it 's worth re-emphasising : pyjamas is a combination of a DOM model based widget set library _and_ pyjs , a python - to - javascript compiler .
so - to emphasise : the sole exclusive purpose of converting to javascript is to get at the machine code executor in v8 .
that makes the javascript kind - of the equivalent of " .S " assembler files in gcc ( albeit a pretty damn high level assembly language ) .
things which would be reaaally interesting to try out would be to make v8 take in python bytecode as input , instead of javascript .
that would mean being able to dump pyjs.py entirely , which would be nice .
py v8 is a compiler together with a fixed bridge : is this article currently the goto document on this ?
yep. that and pyjamas - dev. pyv8 is definitely an early - days experiment ( with a startlingly impressive empirical result ) .
Thanks for the answers .
Some minor points : I meant js engine when I said browser , but there is no reason I can think of why one could n't create a custom Chrome browser that supports pyv8 's extensions .
When I said non- portable , the point is that only such a modified browser could handle js that makes calls out to the non-js runtime .
To be more concrete , a call to python_tkinter , say , is certainly code that will need specialist support in either the js engine or browser ;
Credit where credit is due :
Who started the pyjamas project ?
I 'm right that you are behind Pyjamas Desktop ?
I 've at least got a handle for the developer of pyv8 .
But who is sloisel ?
Google wo n't tell me .
I guess my list of projects would benefit from talking about what they make of DOM .
: ) , posted 30 Sep 2008 at 13:02 UTC by lkcl » ( Master )
credits : 1 ) james tauber .
2 ) pyjd.org . yes .
and the glib bindings to webkit , without which pyjamas - desktop does n't happen .
3 ) see py v8 0.1 release notice on pyjamas - dev .
ok so let 's ask the original question as intended :)
It 's impressive , then , that the whole python runtime can be ported to the v8 javascript engine through light hackery , but I guess that this must be non- portable ?
none of the python runtime has been ported - not a single bit .
what _has_ been done is that ( in pyjamas , not the pyjs.py compiler ) some javascript implementations of various classes , functions and modules have been provided - and there are more , better ones in the llpamies branch of pyjamas than there are in the mainline version , but that 's another story .
so , the pyjamas builtins include a javascript implementation of sprintf , List , Dict , set , string and a little bit of the math module - enough to " get most applications working as web front - ends " .
the neat thing about the v8 callback bindings is that there is far more available to pyv8 developers than there is for pyjamas developers , because pyv8 can do access to c-based python modules ( and pyjamas apps are restricted to running in web browsers ) .
# I meant js engine when I said browser , but there is no reason I can think of why one could n't create a custom Chrome browser that supports pyv8 's extensions .
When I said non- portable , the point is that only such a modified browser could handle js that makes calls out to the non-js runtime .
so ... what you 're saying is that ( leaving aside the fact that pyv8 demonstrates that you can call out to python from command - line , demonstrating that standard python apps can be speeded up by a factor of ten ) pyv8 shows that it would be possible to access standard c-based python modules , amongst other things , from inside a browser that used v8 ( e.g. google chrome ) .
i can see that it would be incredibly powerful and useful to allow access to other languages .
i kinda worry somewhat at the security risks associated with doing so , though .
particularly as the addition of __class__.__new__
( or something like that ) was added to python at about python 2.2 which totally broke rexec.py ( an escape - route , via the optimised c implementation , was implemented in such a way that the standard restricted python module was irrevocably broken ) .
i do think it says a lot about the design of v8 that it allows this kind of mix - and - matching , though .
it 's fantastic .
i think it 's worth re-emphasising that pyv8 is a command - line tool , not a browser - based javascript engine .
there 's absolutely no involvement , dependency or link to browsers , at all , other than " where the code came from " .
google 's v8 engine is a stand - alone library , implemented in c++ , where _one_ usage of v8 _happens_ to be in google chrome 's browser .
pyjs.py is a stand - alone python - to - javascript compiler , which _happens_ to be a necessary tool required to make pyjamas be an effective browser - based applications widget set ( which can be written and developed in python , not javascript ) .
ultimately , with quite a lot of wizardy , pyv8 could become a drop - in replacement for / usr / bin / python ( or python. exe if you use windows ) .
personally i'd much rather see the v8 code executer / compiler integrated into python itself ( doing away with the javascript intermediary ) working off python 's FORTH - engine - inspired bytecode .
so - chalst - all of those other languages , which have - to - javascript compilers , could benefit from the performance gain of v8 , and the means to link back in to " real " code .
i do n't know if jssscheme runs _purely_ in a web browser , but it could conceivably be extracted from that environment and made standalone , if it already is n't .
pyv8 's callback mechanism benefits somewhat in the extreme from the existence of python - boost : i would n't know where to begin to suggest to other language writers how they should go about doing external callbacks , but the more of the language that is written _in_ that language ( unlike python , which has a lot of c- based modules ) the better .
Thanks ... , posted 30 Sep 2008 at 15:48 UTC by chalst » ( Master )
... for your patient explanations .
You wrote , of the idea of the custom Chrome browser — let 's call it pychrome — i can see that it would be incredibly powerful and useful to allow access to other languages .
i kinda worry somewhat at the security risks associated with doing so .
Well , quite .
It would need some sort of security model to be anything other than a dangerous toy .
questions , posted 30 Sep 2008 at 16:33 UTC by lkcl » ( Master )
... for your patient explanations .
no problem - thanks for voicing the questions : if you were n't to ask , then there would be other people - who did n't ask - getting a mistaken impression .
no problem - thanks for voicing the questions : if you were n't to ask , then there would be other people - who did n't ask - getting a mistaken impression .
Just a curious question : while V8 is great for making Javascript fast , is Javascript really suitable as an intermediate language ?
For example , there must be other compilers ( or JITs ) faster than V8 that can serve as the intermediates ?
You mentioned " cython " , but can Java or C# or Lisp be better choices as well ?
because it 's there , posted 30 Sep 2008 at 18:52 UTC by lkcl » ( Master )
atai - i'll be honest : i think other people are better qualified to answer the questions you raise .
i think it honestly does n't matter what language is picked , as long as there are " one - to - one and onto " mappings for language concepts .
bizarrely , other than the scoping rules ( which pyjs really has to work quite hard at to avoid breaking ) , javascript seems to be a pretty good fit for conversion to python .
have you ever seen that visual studio tool which does language conversion ?
i would n't believe it if i had n't seen it : it 's a plugin for visual studio , and it literally converts any language to any language .
my friend demonstrated conversion of java to c sharp to b to ruby - the only significant language missing was python .
from what i can gather , it 's as simple as converting to - and - from CLR .
overall , however , to answer " why javascript , and why v8 ? " is a simple answer : because it 's there - because someone _has_ written a blindingly quick javascript - to - machine - code converter / engine .
it would be genuinely daft to _not_ make python - or any other language - take advantage of that .
connect the two chains together .
cython is a different starting point : it 's not _quite_ " real python " , it 's a subset of python , with extensions .
for a fair comparison , pyjs.py definitely is n't perfect : there are bugs in the use of the sprintf.js library that stop you from having more than one % substitution in the specifier string - " %s %d " % ( " hello " , 5 ) does n't work , but " %s " % hello + " %d " % 5 does - and there are little niggling incompatibilities that make it really awkward to work with ( which is why i did pyjamas - desktop , so that you could actually develop your application with the " real " python interpreter ) .
the cython compiler therefore is kinda cheating , as this really good cython tutorial demonstrates .
it shows you how you should manually convert your initial python source over to cython , what sorts of things you should look for ; avoid calling out to the standard python libraries ( those that cython supports ) in inner loops , that sort of thing .
many people simply do n't want to go to that kind of effort , which is why in many cases they simply plump for a c- based module for the inner loops - or just avoid python altogether .
regarding " faster compilers / JITs " , i did look on codespeak .
net 's site , for the pypy project - and found LLVM .
LLVM is one of the back - end targets supported by pypy ( as is javascript , java runtime , CLR and one other , i forget what it is ) .
so yes , there are definitely a lot of options - they 've just been joined by one more .
my gut feeling tells me that java and c# would definitely be intermediate languages to avoid using , but that lisp might be a good one .
ultimately , though , it boils down to whether someone 's spent the time and money going to the effort of making a particular engine / compiler .
there 's a clear need and benefit to making javascript run blindingly quick , and , there 's a clear need for google to have v8 generate ARM assembler for example ( android , anyone ?
200 mhz and 400 mhz embedded processors with only 128 mb of memory ? ) .
if , through pyv8 , other people get to leverage that work , thus making their lives easier , _great_ .
john resig on extreme javascript performance .
the vast amount of attention that javascript is getting makes it a _really_ good choice of intermediate language .
an additional answer to the question raised a couple of days ago , " why javascript , not c# or java or lisp as a conversion target for python " ?
RJS , posted 12 Oct 2008 at 11:31 UTC by lkcl » ( Master )
not sure if RJS is the same as rb2js - see RJS , here
Thinking alike , posted 5 Nov 2008 at 17:41 UTC by cananian » ( Master )
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement China 's Shenzhou VII space capsule has returned to Earth after a successful mission orbiting the planet .
The spacecraft touched down in the Mongolian desert to rapturous applause from mission control in Beijing .
Looking well , the three astronauts emerged to wave to cameras before being given bouquets of flowers .
While in orbit , the men conducted experiments said to be crucial to China 's space programme , as well as its first space walk .
Mission leader and fighter pilot Zhai Zhigang , 42 , was first to emerge from the capsule , and is now set to be greeted as a national hero .
" It was a glorious mission , full of challenges with a successful end , " he said .
" The result is a huge achievement .
On behalf of the motherland , I am very proud , " he said .
1958 : Base for spaceflights built at Jiuquan , in Gobi desert April 1970 : China launches its first satellite into space 1990 - 2002 : Shenzhou I - IV are launched to develop systems Oct 2003 :
The first manned space mission launches on Shenzhou V
Oct 2005 : The Shenzhou VI mission takes two men into space Oct 2007 : Chang 'e - 1 orbiter sent on unmanned mission to the Moon Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao , who was watching at mission control , applauded warmly and called the three men heroes .
" The complete success of the manned Shenzhou VII is a great stride forward for China 's space technology , " he said .
Great pride During Saturday 's space - walk , Mr Zhai stayed outside the capsule for 15 minutes while his two fellow astronauts stayed inside .
The exercise was seen as key to China 's ambition to build an orbiting station in the next few years .
Mr Zhai wore a Chinese - made spacesuit thought to have cost between £ 5 m and £ 20 m ( $ 10 m - $ 40 m ) for the space walk .
The " yuhangyuan " ( astronaut ) was tethered to the capsule with an umbilical cable .
The Shenzhou VII capsule soared into orbit on a Long March II -F rocket from Jiuquan spaceport in north - west China on 25 September .
China became only the third nation after the United States and Russia to independently put a man in space when Yang Liwei , another fighter pilot , went into orbit on the Shenzhou V mission in October 2003 .
Two years later , Fei Junlong and Nie Haisheng completed a five - day flight on Shenzhou VI .
Chinese media report that this latest mission is the " most critical step " in the country 's " three - step " space programme .
These stages are : sending a human into orbit , docking spacecraft together to form a small laboratory and , ultimately , building a large space station .
The Shenzhou VIII and IX missions are expected to help set up a space laboratory complex in 2010 .
China launched an unmanned Moon probe last year about one month after rival Japan blasted its own lunar orbiter into space .
SHENZHOU VII SPACECRAFT 1 .
Forward orbital module - crew live and work in this section , which contains scientific equipment .
In future missions , this module may remain in orbit as part of a Chinese space station 2 .
Re-entry capsule - contains seats for three crew 3 .
Propulsion module - contains spacecraft 's power unit and liquid fuel rocket system 4 .
Solar panels - spacecraft carries one pair of solar panels 5 . Spacewalk -
One yuhangyuan ( astronaut ) exits the orbital module on a tether .
Another crew member stands just inside to assist in case of an emergency
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Many think ' Bradley effect ' wo n't hurt Obama Voters seen as less inclined to lie about the impact of race on their choice of candidate
Los Angeles Mayor Tom Bradley reacts to supporters cheers Tuesday , Nov. 3 , 1982 in Los Angeles during the early hours of returns in the state gubernatorial race .
Bradley lost in a very close race to Republican challenger George Deukmejian .
less Los Angeles Mayor Tom Bradley reacts to supporters cheers Tuesday , Nov. 3 , 1982 in Los Angeles during the early hours of returns in the state gubernatorial race .
Bradley lost in a very close race to Republican ... more Photo : Associated Press Photo : Associated Press Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Many think ' Bradley effect ' wo n't hurt Obama 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
In a presidential campaign that has provoked an array of questions about race , one of the most persistent has been whether white people lie to pollsters about whether they would support a black candidate , a theory known as the Bradley effect .
Pundits often discount black candidates ' leads in polls , saying support never materializes at the voting booth .
But many political experts say that while racism inevitably will play a role in whether some voters will choose Sen.
Barack Obama , white people being surveyed seem to be pretty honest with pollsters about their biases .
The Bradley effect is an idea based on former Los Angeles Mayor Tom Bradley 's unsuccessful race for governor of California in 1982 .
Though a Field Poll showed the African American candidate ahead of his opponent , George Deukmejian , by as much as seven points in the week before the election , Bradley lost the race .
Pollsters theorized that some white voters said they would support Bradley but did the opposite once they got into the voting booth .
In this presidential race , in which Obama is ahead of his rival , Sen . John McCain , according to numerous polls , many say they are concerned about racism but not a Bradley effect .
" We are picking up prejudicial sentiment in this race , and there are a core group of people who say they will not vote for Obama because he is black , " said pollster John Zogby .
" But I think we are in a post - Bradley - effect America .
We have honorable bigots .
They say they wo n't vote for him , and then they do n't vote for him . "
The changes in how white voters respond to polls reflect , in part , a shift in how black politicians discuss issues as well as a move by pollsters from in - person interviews to more anonymous phone and Internet surveys , the experts say .
" We have n't seen a Bradley effect in some time , and I do n't expect to see one in this race , " said Dan Hopkins , a political scientist at Harvard who has studied the phenomenon .
" It is popular to discuss because it provides a way for people to talk about race . "
Frank Gilliam , dean of the school of public affairs at UCLA , agrees that race will be an issue but doubts the Bradley effect will emerge .
" I think what is interesting is the number of white voters admitting they wo n't vote for Obama because of his race , " Gilliam said .
" At rallies where there are all - white audiences , they are clearly riled up by more than his stand on the issues .
Republicans continue to play the race card , saying ' He does n't represent us ' or ' He 's an elitist who does n't love America . '
" I think people will vote on racist motivations , but they are expressing their preferences straightforwardly in the polls . "
Bradley 's loss
Some also suggest that the effect was n't as big a phenomenon in 1982 as believed - that there were other reasons for Bradley 's loss .
Mark DiCamillo , director of the Field Poll , pointed to a post-election analysis that showed the loss was attributable to variables other than white racism , including heavy GOP absentee voting , a gun-control measure and a low turnout of minority voters .
" The race aspect was only a small chunk , no more than two or three percentage points , " DiCamillo said .
" The same effect was seen in other states in the late 1980s , when other prominent blacks appeared to be ahead but lost , but it was n't as dominant as people say it was . "
Hopkins , the Harvard political scientist , studied gubernatorial and Senate races from 1989 to 2006 to research the Wilder effect , another name for the phenomenon .
The name comes from Virginia Gov. Douglas Wilder , who in 1989 had a 15 - percentage - point lead two weeks before the election but won by a narrow margin .
It has also been called the Dinkins effect .
In the 1989 race for mayor in New York , a poll showed African American candidate David Dinkins with a 14 - point lead over Rudy Giuliani four days before the election - but Dinkins won by only two points .
From 1989 to 1996 , Hopkins found that African American candidates lost two to three percentage points of the support they had in the polls .
But after 1996 , he says , the effect disappeared .
The broader context
Hopkins suggests that the Wilder effect dissipated after welfare reform , a racially charged issue , and when black candidates began discussing social issues , like crime and poverty , in a larger context rather than complaining about racism and the plight of African Americans .
" As racialized rhetoric about welfare and crime receded from national prominence in the mid-1990s , so did the gap between polling and performance , " Hopkins wrote in his report on the phenomenon , adding that the effect could return if race again infuses prominent topics in national politics .
When he talks about race , Obama focuses on broader issues , academics say .
" During a racially charged campaign , a candidate 's race will be foremost in voters ' minds , " said Gilliam , the UCLA professor .
" Race has n't had its normal expression in this campaign .
Obama is clearly a black candidate , but we are post - civil rights , and he is not talking about white privilege and racism and the need for healing or placing blame .
" Obama has n't talked about race in a way that bothers whites . "
In an interview with CNN , Obama 's wife , Michelle Obama , said she too does n't believe the polls are wrong .
" If there was going to be a Bradley effect , or it was going to be in play , Barack would n't be the nominee , " she said .
" We have to focus on the country as it is .
That was several decades ago .
And I think that there 's been growth and movement . "
Whatever happens , Gilliam says , race and polls will remain part of the election discussion .
" If he wins , people will say the race problem in America has been solved , " the professor said .
" If he loses , everyone will say there is no justice . "
The US Federal Bureau of Investigation is probing allegations of fraud by 26 Wall Street firms , including several investment giants whose collapse sent world markets into turmoil , US media say .
The FBI has set its sights on investment titan Lehman Brothers , mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and insurer AIG , in a wide - reaching inquiry that comes as lawmakers rush to agree a $ US700 billion ( $ 840 billion ) government bailout of the troubled US financial sector .
The FBI probe aims to determine whether company executives had any responsibility for the institutions ' financial woes through " misinformation or material misinformation , '' CNN said .
FBI director Robert Mueller said last week the bureau was probing 24 financial institutions , but gave no details other than to describe them as " large corporations ' ' that may face allegations of misstated assets .
ABC News said the probe was " multifaceted and the net is much deeper than the major firms officials confirmed today , '' adding that the probe had expanded from 14 major firms to 26 in less than a year .
" The FBI currently has 26 pending corporate fraud investigations involving subprime lenders , '' FBI spokesman Richard Kolko told ABC .
" As we have seen , this number can fluctuate over time ; however , we do not discuss which companies may or may not be the subject of an investigation . ''
Lehman Brothers earlier this month became the latest victim of the US subprime mortgage crisis , which began with a wave of foreclosures by high - risk borrowers in the United States and now threatens the global financial system .
Details of the FBI investigation broke after lawmakers in Washington grappled for a second day with the hefty bailout proposal to absorb shaky mortgage - backed debt weighing on banks and other financial institutions .
The uncertainty prompted fresh turmoil on financial markets and the main global stock markets were hit hard .
Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke and Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said the rescue plan was urgently need to avert a deeper economic crisis .
AFP
Investors hope the deal will prop up the US housing market .
Global shares have rallied after the US government said it was taking over troubled mortgage lenders Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae .
Investors hoped the largest bail - out in US history would prop up the country 's housing market and ultimately help to end the credit crunch , analysts said .
On Wall Street , major shares added 2.58 % in trading while key European and Asian indexes were up by at least 2 % .
President Bush said the firms had posed " an unacceptable risk " to the economy .
Solvency bid
In a dramatic move , US Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson announced the rescue plan on Sunday , before markets opened .
FREDDIE MAC & FANNIE MAE
The two firms :
Buy mortgages from approved lenders and then sell them on to investors - rather than lending directly to borrowers Guarantee or own about half of the $ 12 trillion US mortgage market
Are relied on by almost all US mortgage lenders
Are looked to for funds to meet consumer demand for mortgages Link mortgage lenders with investors - keeping the supply of money widely available and at a lower cost
Have no direct UK equivalent
Q&A : Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae
The importance of Freddie and Fannie Between them Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae finance or guarantee nearly half of the outstanding mortgages in the US , and have lost billions of dollars during the US housing crash .
Much of their bond debt was ultimately held by Asian banks , who had recently begun withdrawing their investment .
The most recent figures show that about 9 % of US mortgage holders were behind on their payments or faced repossession .
The rescue could cost the Federal government $ 200 bn ( £ 100 bn ) as it invests fresh capital into the stricken mortgage giants to keep them solvent .
But a collapse of the two lenders would have frozen US mortgage lending for years , and would likely have lead to even steeper declines in house prices .
According to one widely - reported index , US house prices are falling at an annual rate of more than 15 % in major metropolitan areas , putting many people in negative equity .
Shares rally
The rescue plan reassured investors worldwide who feared that a collapse of the government - sponsored enterprises could have a ripple effect on financial markets , with further losses by major banks leading to yet further cutbacks in credit and lending .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme
On Wall Street , the Dow Jones added 2.58 % in afternoon trading - a welcome rally after it lost 4 % last week .
Meanwhile in London , FTSE 100 index was 3.92 % ahead at close after a technical glitch had brought trading to a halt for much of a day .
It had lost 7 % last week - its worst showing in more than six years .
UK banking stocks had been buoyed by the news from the US , some adding as much as 15 % .
House builders also gained on hopes that the move could signal a turnaround in the sector .
Germany 's Dax - 30 index was 2.22 % ahead at close and France 's Cac - 40 added 3.42 % .
Meanwhile Japan 's Nikkei index closed up 3.4 % , while the Hang Seng index added 4 % .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
And key indexes in Singapore , Australia and Taiwan were also higher .
On Wall Street , where the Dow Jones index shed 4 % across the previous five sessions , there have been positive signs .
The effective government takeover will lead to major changes in how the two mortgage giants are run .
As part of the changes , the management of the two companies will be replaced while the firms will be given access to extra funding to support their business going forward .
HAVE YOUR SAY I have lost both faith and trust in banks Keith Ridgers , Cobham Mr Paulson said the government was intervening in the wider interests of the financial system and of taxpayers since the financial position of the two firms was fast deteriorating .
The move is intended to keep the two companies afloat , amid fears that either could go bankrupt as borrowers default on their home loans .
Together , Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae own or guarantee about $ 5.3 trillion ( £ 3 trillion ) of mortgages .
But they have made a combined loss of about $ 14bn in the past year and officials were worried that they would no longer be able to continue functioning if such losses continued .
Banks around the world are highly exposed to the two companies and therefore , given the febrile state of markets across the world , it had become dangerous for doubts to persist about whether they were viable and would be able to keep up the payments on their massive liabilities , says the BBC 's business editor Robert Peston .
A rescue plan passed by Congress in July gave the US government the authority to offer unlimited liquidity to the two companies , and to buy their shares , in order to keep them afloat .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Security scanners which can see through passengers ' clothing and reveal details of their body underneath are being installed in 10 US airports , the US Transportation Security Administration says .
A random selection of travellers getting ready to board airplanes in Washington , New York 's Kennedy , Los Angeles and other key hubs will be shut in the glass booths while a three - dimensional image is made of their body beneath their clothes .
The booths close around the passenger and emit " millimetre waves " that go through cloth to identify metal , plastics , ceramics , chemical materials and explosives , according to the TSA .
While it allows the security screeners - looking at the images in a separate room - to clearly see the passenger 's sexual organs as well as other details of their bodies , the passenger 's face is blurred , TSA said in a statement on its website .
The scan only takes seconds and is to replace the physical pat - downs of people that is currently widespread in airports .
Unless otherwise specified in individual blog entries , all source code in this blog is Copyright by Jim McBeath , as of the posting date , under the GNU Lesser General Public License ( LGPL ) , Version 3 .
( Reuters ) - American International Group Inc AIG.N faces heightened probability of a potential bankruptcy filing by the holding company , a Credit Suisse analyst said Tuesday , a day after the insurer 's credit ratings were cut , jeopardizing efforts to raise cash necessary for its survival .
The American International Group ( AIG ) office building is seen in the City of London on September 16 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Andrew Winning
Shares of AIG , once the world ’s largest insurer by market value , fell as much as 74 percent to $ 1.25 in early trade on Tuesday , as investors fretted over the company ’s ability to secure desperately needed capital .
“ While there is a chance the company can work its way through its liquidity problems if it can secure substantial bridge financing , we think this will be challenging to execute it in the current onerous credit environment , ” analyst Thomas Gallagher wrote in a note to clients .
The analyst estimated that negative marks at the AIG Financial Products ( AIGFP ) division , which manages AIG ’s credit default swaps portfolio , would require another $ 5 billion to $ 10 billion of collateral postings this quarter , pushing the total to $ 20 billion to $ 25 billion .
“ Ironically , the weakening of its credit spreads and ratings could make it easier for AIGFP to attempt to commute its credit default swaps on collateralized debt obligations , but the large number of contracts and counterparties would likely make this a cumbersome and lengthy process , ” Gallagher added .
He cut his price target on the stock to $ 3 from $ 6 and maintained his “ neutral ” rating .
AIG , thrown a $ 20 billion lifeline by the state of New York , came under renewed pressure on Tuesday as ratings agencies downgraded the insurer ’s debt and the financial sector meltdown spread .
Moody ’s Investors Service cut AIG ’s rating to A2 from Aa3 , a two - notch downgrade .
S&P lowered the rating to A - minus from AA - minus , a three - peg reduction , and Fitch Ratings reduced its standing to A from AA - minus , a two - notch cut .
AIG ’s ratings are still investment grade , although all three agencies said more downgrades could follow .
Shares of the company were trading down $ 3.13 at $ 1.63 in early trade on the New York Stock Exchange .
An Iraqi plan to award six no -bid contracts to Western oil companies , which came under sharp criticism from several United States senators this summer , has been withdrawn , participants in the negotiations said on Wednesday .
Iraq ’s oil minister , Hussain al - Shahristani , told reporters at an OPEC summit meeting in Vienna on Tuesday that talks with Exxon Mobil , Chevron , Shell , Total , BP and several smaller companies for one - year deals , which were announced in June and subsequently delayed , had dragged on for so long that the companies could not now fulfill the work within that time frame .
The companies confirmed on Wednesday that the deals had been canceled .
While not particularly lucrative by industry standards , the contracts were valued for providing a foothold in Iraq at a time when oil companies are being shut out of energy - rich countries around the world .
The companies will still be eligible to compete in open bidding in Iraq .
The six no - bid deals were for work to increase Iraqi oil production from existing oil fields by half a million barrels a day  the same amount by which OPEC countries agreed Tuesday to reduce output .
After its cancellation of the deals , Iraq reduced by 200,000 barrels per day its goal of producing 2.9 million barrels per day by the end of the year .
Among other things known about Sahara Desert , we can easily add another one .
It ’s probably the weirdest place in the world , to grow food mainly because there ’s a lot of … umm , desert , because there ’s no freshwater but only seawater and because plants do n’t usually like excessive heat .
And yes , Sahara is the hottest of all deserts .
But what do I know ?
Technology these days can and will change the way we grow food .
The Sahara Forest project ( pdf link !! ) is planning to build vast greenhouses that will use mirrors to focus the sun ’s rays and generate heat and electricity , which would lead to cooler air ( humidity ) and pure water that will help plants grow .
That ’s how a condenser will probably look like
“ Plants need light for growth but they do n’t like heat beyond a certain point , ” said Charlie Paton , one of the Sahara Forest team and the inventor of the seawater greenhouse concept .
There have been quite a few great ideas to use the potential of Sahara Desert .
Remember when they said it has the potential to power the whole Europe ?
You ’d better believe it .
The total cost of building 20 hectares of greenhouses along with a 10 MW CSP ( Concentrated Solar Power ) scheme would cost around € 80 m ( £ 65 m ) which is not much considering that these technologies have already proved their efficiency .
But what ’s that CSP ?
“ Concentrated solar power mirror arrays covering just one per cent of the Earth ’s deserts could supply a fifth of all current global energy consumption .
And one million tonnes of sea water could be evaporated every day from just 20,000 hectares of greenhouses , ” said Neil Crumpton , an energy specialist at Friends of the Earth .
I ’m pretty impressed myself , but apparently that ’s not the first place where researchers have started such a project , with Tenerife , Oman or the UAE already doing it .
Prepare yourself to buy food at the supermarket labeled Grown in the Sahara Desert .
I ’d love it !
Source ( Image courtesy of antonioperezrio.es )
An anonymous reader points out a story in the Huffington Post about the status of funding for election voting systems .
It contains an interesting section in which Chris Riggall , a spokesman for Premier ( formerly Diebold ) acknowledged that less money is spent making an electronic voting machine than on a typical ATM .
The ironically named Riggall also notes that security could indeed be improved , but at a higher price than most election administrators would care to pay .
Also quoted in the article is Ed Felten , who has recently found some inconsistencies in New Jersey voting machines .
From the Post :
When it debuted in July of 2004 , Yelp reinvented the notion of online city guides , giving " real people " the power to write " real reviews . "
For many , it represents the best of something called Web 2.0 , a site built by you and me and everyone else .
But in its struggle to turn clicks into cash , the San Francisco startup has been known to hedge this egalitarian ideal , playing games with the very concept that made it so popular .
At least some of Yelp 's sales staff hope to make money by offering to hide what you and I have to say .
Over the last year , five San Francisco Bay Area businesses have told The Register that the company has offered to " push bad reviews to the bottom " of their Yelp pages if they paid to advertise on the site .
One restaurant owner was contacted " five or six " times , and each time , the Yelp sales rep insisted that if he forked over $ 6,000 a year for " sponsored link " status , the site would suppress user posts that put his restaurant in a less - than - positive light .
" They told me I had 60 reviews on my [ Yelp ] page , " said the owner , who requested anonymity , fearing repercussions from Yelp 's famously outspoken users .
" They told me ' No one is going to read all 60 .
They 're only going to read the first few . ' "
In late September , when we first spoke to Yelp CEO Jeremy Stoppelman about this issue , he denied that the company hides reviews .
" I think [ these business owners ] are mis-characterizing what 's going on , " he said .
" There is no bumping of reviews . "
But he did n't rule out the possibility that an offer was made .
" There is a remote chance that we have some sort of rogue sales person , but I think that it 's more likely it 's just a business owner that 's pissed off about reviews on his page . "
The Reg can confirm , however , that multiple sales reps have made the offer to multiple businesses , and some pitches occurred in recent months , well after our initial interview with Stoppelman .
Earlier this month , a local San Francisco TV station aired a story on two of these businesses .
Selena Kellinger , who runs a San Jose , California business called Razzberry Lips , and Mary Seaton , owner of the Soft Outlet in San Manteo , are among those who told us they too received Yelp 's anti-Web 2.0 offer .
" I did n't receive a phone call from Yelp until I received a negative review , " Seaton said .
" A week after I received a negative review , a sales person contacted me and she said ...' We noticed that you have some very positive reviews .
We can push your negative reviews to the bottom , so that your positive reviews will come to the top . ' "
Yes , Yelp continues to deny these claims .
" It 's just not true , " Stoppelman told us this week .
" I challenge you to find any advertiser who 's had their negative reviews pushed to the bottom . "
Indeed , many advertisers have told The Reg that Yelp does not suppress their bad reviews .
This includes Mary Seaton , who forked over $ 1750 before realizing that her sales rep would n't do such a thing .
" Real People .
Real Reviews "
Cooked up by PayPal co-founder Max Levchin's internet incubator , MRL Ventures , and headed by two former PayPal golden boys , Stoppelman and Russel Simmons , Yelp brings the Web 2.0 ethos to so - called local search .
Like Citysearch , Yelp is an online guide to stuff in your particular town - only the reviews are written by anyone who wants to write them , not by a staff of editors .
Serving dozens of cities across the US , Yelp creates mini-web pages for all sorts of local operations , from restaurants and shops to schools and churches , and the user - at - large is free to post opinions on any of them .
Clearly , there 's a fair number of internet mavens who enjoy using this user - generated extravaganza - particularly in the Bay Area .
Last year , during his keynote at the Web 2.0 conference in San Francisco , Hitwise general manager Bill Tancer said that Yelp was among the new - age start - ups likely to follow YouTube and Flickr into the internet stratosphere .
Yelp CEO Jeremy Stoppelman
" These sites are ones that attract a certain kind of user and have the best chance of crossing the chasm between early adopters and the mainstream media , " he said , citing the behavior of over 25 million users across the web .
But if you 're running a business , Yelp can be a minefield .
Famously , the San Francisco Chronicle once served up a piece about restaurants who worry their success is now controlled by overly angry reviewers who do n't know what they 're talking about - and The Reg has heard much the same story from countless other businesses over the past several months .
In short , Yelp has them scared .
Some have even said that the company is attempting to leverage this fear as it recruits advertisers .
Ms Rice said the US had helped advance the cause of freedom US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice has told the BBC she believes the Middle East is a better place for the policies of President George W Bush .
Asked to assess the outgoing US administration 's legacy , she said she was especially proud of the situation in the Palestinian territories .
She insisted that what she called a US - inspired " freedom agenda " had taken hold in the Middle East .
Ms Rice also said Iraq had become a " good Arab friend " of America .
" The Middle East is a different place and a better place , " Ms Rice told BBC Arabic TV .
Iraq , far from being destroyed , was fully integrated into the Arab world , she said .
Elsewhere , Syrian forces were out of Lebanon and women had the vote in Kuwait , she noted .
" Democracy is finally in the vocabulary of the Middle East in a way it was not before , " Ms Rice said .
' Serious ' peace process
She predicted that the " democracy agenda , the freedom agenda " would continue in the Middle East under the next US presidential administration because , she said , the people of the region wanted it .
Asked about what she was particularly proud of , Ms Rice responded : " I do n't think that you have had an administration that has more actively been seeking a Palestinian state ...
" This president ... has launched the most active and robust negotiations towards a two - state solution that perhaps the region has ever seen , " she said .
" The Palestinians now have a peace process that is the most serious one in many many years . "
Ms Rice , speaking just weeks before the presidential election , added that the US remained ready to negotiate with Iran over its nuclear programme but had to be wary .
" What we do n't want to do is to give Iran cover to continue improving its nuclear programmes that could lead to a nuclear weapon , " she said .
Iran denies it is seeking nuclear weapons and says its programme is purely a civilian one .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
You 're in an interview , getting asked dozens of questions .
At the end of the interview , the interviewer asks if you have any questions about the company .
Heck yeah !
This is your time to learn about the company .
Getting hired is a commitment from you AND the company .
While I have n't had a lot of jobs , I have certainly enjoyed some more than others .
Sure , at the end of the day it 's just a job , but you 'll be averaging about 40 hours out of each week there , so it better not be that bad .
That 's a significant part of your life .
If my math is n't too bad , it works out to be about 10 years of your life working for someone else .
Obviously , it 's incredibly important that you enjoy your 10 years as much as possible .
So what do you ask a prospective employer about their company ?
I 've come up with a list , semi-inspired by The Joel Test .
These questions are more open - ended , so that it 's more difficult to cheat .
I recommend asking them , and writing down the answers for reference .
What type of source control do you use ?
This question will confirm that they do actually use source control , and it will tell you if it 's ridiculously out of date .
If they say that they use Source Safe , be worried .
If they 're using something modern like Subversion or Team Foundation Server , that says something about them .
Do you have an automated build system ?
Ideally , they would be running a continuous integration , but any kind of push - button automated build system is great .
If the parts of their software are unorganized , and the developers frantically try to piece it together on the day of a release , run away !
How do you track bugs ?
This question first tells us IF they 're tracking bugs .
It can also give some insight into how bureaucratic they are .
If it 's a bug tracker that lets every pencil - pushing , bean counter add a field , bugs will never get entered .
I do n't care how big your company is , it IS possible for you to run something simple with only a few fields .
The likelihood of their bug database being up to date is inversely proportional to the number of fields on the bug screen .
Do programmers have quiet working conditions ?
I can't really stress this one enough .
If you 're working in a close - knit group of developers that are all working on the same thing , then the occasional distraction is n't so bad .
The conversation will often be related enough that you should know about it anyway .
On the other hand , I 've worked in a department where everyone had drastically different jobs .
The noise was unbearable , and productivity was horrendous .
What development tools do you use ?
This should ultimately cover hardware as well as software , so it might require a follow - up question depending on how it 's interpreted .
You want to make sure that the company understands that every minute you have to wait for your computer to compile , is a waste of your time , and a waste of the company 's money .
You also want to make sure that they 're willing to buy the tools you need to be efficient .
Developers are not cheap , both salary - wise , and in overhead costs .
If they do n't understand that , then look somewhere else .
What is your QA process ?
This question tells you if they 've thought about QA , and if they have , it tells you if they realize that testers are needed to produce a truly great product .
This should also overlap with the type of testing that the developers are involved with .
Unit testing has definitely gone mainstream , so look out for companies that are behind the curve , or think testing is n't worth the time and effort .
Do you do usability testing ?
This is probably parallel with the QA process .
They should have a clear way of determining the usability of the product , and have a way of finding out weak spots .
How long are your development cycles ?
This is n't necessary a deal - breaker , it might just give you an idea of how it matches with your own preferences .
I 've worked for a company that had development cycles measured in years using the Waterfall method .
I 've also worked for a company where the requirements changed weekly , and we had to continually adapt .
Both had their advantages and challenges .
Is the work environment fun and friendly ?
This might not be a question that you can ask directly , but it 's one that you should try to answer .
Is there a strict dress code and set hours ?
The last time I checked , your computer does n't care when you 're using it .
Your prospective employer hopefully understands that while it 's useful having everyone in one place at the same time , flexibility is a must for maximum productivity .
How do you plan and schedule new projects ?
This should give you insight into how much thought they actually put into what they 're doing tomorrow .
You might be able to get an idea of whether they 're short - term or long - term thinkers .
Having a map is a good sign , but being flexible is just as important .
Only a fool would think they can plan everything perfectly , but they should also be solving problems before writing code .
What is the ratio of code maintenance to new code being written ?
This is another personal preference question .
If you do n't like maintaining someone else 's code , the answer to this one might be very important .
You will also find out if you have to live with your own old code .
Some people like the stability of a mature code base , and some like a fresh start every once and a while .
How does the company plan to grow and stay competitive ?
This is a very broad question , but it does show that you 're looking for a career and not just a job .
It would be nice to know that there are smart people running the company , and they have a plan to be around tomorrow .
Conclusion
Do you have any software development related questions that you always ask a prospective employer ?
Please leave a comment and share them .
Jason Statham was thrown out of the Playboy Mansion .
The Bank Job actor was escorted off Hugh Hefner 's plush Los Angeles premises after he refused to pose for pictures with models at the annual Midsummer Night 's Dream Party .
The British star - who attended the bash wearing only a bathrobe - was escorted out by five security guards .
It has n’t been easy to find anything about Sarah Palin ’s positions on foreign policy issues , but this clip from a speech to her church gives a clue :
“ Pray for our military .
He [ Palin ’s son ] is going to be deployed in September to Iraq â€ “ pray for our military men and women who are striving to do what is right for this country â€ “ that our leaders , our national leaders are sending them out on a task that is from God , that ’s what he have to make sure we are praying for , that there is a plan and that it is God ’s plan . ” ( about 6 min into the clip )
As more Americans ditch their cars in favor of mass transit , many find they 're still affected by the pump , because the transit systems carrying them are feeling the pain of rising fuel costs .
People who thought they could avoid the gas squeeze are encountering fare hikes .
Transit agencies face budget deficits and the choice of cutting service or increasing fares to balance their finances .
For example , the cost of diesel for Portland 's TriMet has risen $ 1.69 , up to $ 4 a gallon , in the last year .
The system has announced a 25 - cent fare hike for September to cover inflation and rising fuel prices .
King County Metro Transit of Seattle saw a similar increase , with diesel climbing $ 1.26 , up to $ 3.86 a gallon .
The system predicts a $ 14 million deficit in 2008 and has proposed raising fares for a second time this year .
The United States is not alone in facing this .
Transit officials in Chhattisgarh India and the long - distance buses in Bangladesh have approved fare hikes .
A fare increase in Johannesburg , South Africa , sparked a protest that caused Metrobus to reroute some lines .
It wo n't be easy for some people to cope with the increased cost .
TriMet will introduce a 14 - day pass that offers the same savings as a monthly pass but does n't require the passenger to come up with $ 65 to $ 76 at the beginning of the month .
But even after a fare hike was approved in Charlotte , some there predicted people wo n't grumble much .
Transit rider James Kirkpatrick told WBT
News , " It 's still a better deal than trying to drive . "
Photo : Kecko / Flickr .
Iranian security forces have apprehended a pair of " spy pigeons , " not far from one of the country 's nuclear processing plants .
If local media reports are to be believed , that is .
One of the pigeons was caught near a rose water production plant in the city of Kashan , down the road from the Natanz uranium enrichment facility .
It had " a wired rod " and " invisible threads ... fixed to its body , " an unnamed source tells the * Etemad Melli * newspaper .
A second , black pigeon was nabbed earlier in the month .
In 2007 , homing pigeons were accused of collecting ransoms in a Baghdad kidnapping plot .
Late last year , Seymour Hersh alleges , the Bush administration approved $ 400 million to begin covert operations against Iran .
There was no mention of pigeons in Hersh 's report .
UPDATE : " Lockheed Martin has been in the pigeon business for a while - maybe the Skunk Works were the source of the black pigeon ... "
In the early 1980 's Lockheed engineers transmitted daily a dozen drawings from a Computer Aided Design ( CAD ) system in their Sunnyvale , California , plant to a test station in Santa Cruz .
Although the facilities were just 25 miles apart , an automobile courier service took over an hour ( due to traffic jams and mountain roads ) and cost a hundred dollars per day .
The computers at the two facilities were linked by microwave , but printing the drawings at the test base would have required a printer that was very expensive at the time .
The team therefore drew the pictures at the main plant , photographed them , and sent 35 mm film to the test station by carrier pigeon , where it was enlarged and printed photographically .
The pigeon 's 45 - minute flight took half the time of the car , and cost only a few dollars per day .
During the 16 months of the project the pigeons transmitted several hundred rolls of film , and only two were lost ( hawks inhabit the area ; no classified data was carried ) .
[ Photo : About.com ]
Why are there still people who refuse to wear a helmet when riding a motorcycle ?
software expiration timer wordpress stats
Posted under , , , , ,
Lately I ’ve found maintaining Makefiles tedious , even for small projects .
Much can be done with implicit rules , but header file dependencies must still be specified manually ( or so I though – more on this later ) .
For a small project , maybe you only have five or so of these rules .
However there is no reason to manage these manually , and for small projects I am more lazy and feel more entitled to a completely hassle free build system .
If it ’s so simple , why should I be doing any work ?
What I want is a build system that handles include dependencies automatically , allows me to build to a separate directory , and allows me to clean without specifying all the files that need to be deleted .
I also really like compact and easy to understand syntax .
Advanced features that are useful for large projects are also a plus – many large projects start out small .
I created build files for SCons , BJam / Boost .
Build V2 , and CMake .
For each tool , I will list my build file (s ) and discuss my impressions .
Note that the analysis is necessarily shallow – I am mainly concerned with how well they work on small projects with very modest build needs , and I have spent very little time with each system .
I also discuss a solution to the header dependency problem using GNU Make .
The Source Tree
The project I will use as an example is an intelligent brute force attack on textbook ElGamal encryption , which works well when the message encrypted is small ( ElGamal is not vulnerable to this attack when properly implemented ) .
Here is the source tree :
code |-- basicmimattack.cc |-- basicmimattack.h |-- diskmimattack.cc |-- diskmimattack.h |-- dlogtest.cc |-- elgamalmgr.cc |-- elgamaltest.cc |-- hashmimattack.cc |-- hashmimattack.h |-- include | |-- dlog.h | |-- elgamal.h | `-- randomhelpers.h |-- lib | |-- dlog.cc | |-- elgamal.cc | `-- randomhelpers.cc |-- mimattackmain.cc `-- randomfac.cc
mimattackmain.cc contains the main program , and it uses different attacks from the * mimattack.cc files depending on its command line arguments .
dlogtest.cc , elgamaltest.cc , elgamalmgr.cc , and randomfac.cc also define main functions for other helper and test programs .
All programs use the GNU MP Bignum library ( GMP ) , which I link to statically .
The mimattack main program also links dynamically to tokyocabinet , which is used for the disk - based attack .
There are various other dependencies , mostly on the files in the lib directory , which should be clear from the build files below .
I run Ubuntu 8.04 ( Hardy Haron ) 64bit and use the g++ compiler , and I make no attempt at portable builds .
However one of the strength of these tools is portability – with slight modifications these build files could be used under windows or with a different compiler .
SCons
SCons is designed to replace make , automake / autoconf , and ccache , and supports many different programming languages .
Blender is probably the most popular open source project that uses SCons .
The build files – SConstruct and SConscript files – are Python code .
This make for an extremely flexible system .
If you want to do something that is not directly supported , chances are you can figure out how to do it with some extra Python glue .
I am using SCons version 1.01 , built and installed from the “ source ” tarball , since the Ubuntu package is out of date .
Here is my SConstruct file , placed in the code root :
SConscript(‘ SConscript ’ , variant_dir= ’ build ’ , duplicate=0 )
Yup , that ’s it .
It would be more typical to just put all the build commands here , but I wanted a separate build directory and this was the easies way I found to do that .
The rules are actually in the SConscript :
env = Environment ( ) gmp = ' /usr/lib/libgmp.a ' randomhelpers_obj = env. Object('lib/randomhelpers.cc ' ) elgamal_obj = env. Object('lib/elgamal.cc ' ) dlog_obj = env. Object('lib/dlog.cc' ) env. Program ( ' mimattack ' , [ ' mimattackmain.cc ' , elgamal_obj , randomhelpers_obj , gmp ] + Glob ('* mimattack.cc ' ) , LIBS= [' tokyocabinet ' ] ) env. Program ( [ ' elgamalmgr.cc ' , elgamal_obj , randomhelpers_obj , gmp ] ) env. Program ( [ ' elgamaltest.cc ' , elgamal_obj , randomhelpers_obj , gmp ] ) env. Program ( [ ' dlogtest.cc ' , dlog_obj , randomhelpers_obj , gmp ] ) env. Program ( [ ' randomfac.cc ' , randomhelpers_obj , gmp ] )
Just run ‘ scons ’ in the code root directory to build .
The Environment is not really necessary here , but it will make it easier for me to add custom compilation flags later .
The basic idea is that you define the nodes of the dependency tree .
I could also have left out the object definitions for the files in lib , and just referenced the .cc source in each program requiring them – SCons is smart enough to only compile the the object files once .
However this way I do n’t have the paths hardcoded in multiple places .
I defined a variable containing the path to libgmp . a so I do n’t have to type it every time , and I use a glob for the * mimattack.cc files required by mimattack .
Note that I only specify a program name for mimattack – all the other programs will be given names based on their first source – ie elgamaltest.cc will be compiled as simply ‘ elgamaltest ’ in Unix / Linux , ‘ elgamaltest.exe ’ on Windows .
Notice that there are no header file dependencies – SCons does that for you .
You can see a dependency tree with scons -n –tree , to make sure it ’s correctly recognizing the header dependencies .
SCons uses MD5 signatures instead of time stamps by default to determine what needs rebuilding , so if an object file ends up being identical even after a source change , it may not force the builds you expect .
I temporarily set Decider ( ‘ timestamp - new ’ ) to convice myself that my SConscript file is correct .
Also notice the lack of any sort of clean target or node .
SCons also takes care of that – just run ‘ scons - c ’ to perform the equivalent of a make clean .
SCons supports using multiple build directories , which it calls varient directories .
I really just wanted all build output in a subdirectory , and using the above SConstruct file was the easiest solution I found .
The duplicate=0 tells SCons not to copy all the source files to the build directory ( SCons does this by default for maximum compatibility with different tools ) .
Here are some other useful command line options :
-Q : Suppress some of the less useful output .
I recommend using this always – it will still display the compiler commands and output , which is what we ’re really interested in .
–debug=explain : Explain why certain targets are being build .
I wish it would also explain why certain targets are not being build .
-n : Dry run .
This displays what build command will be run without actually executing them .
Note that it will not display builds lower in the dependency hiearchy that depend on the output of the initial builds .
In particular if a program build depends on object files , SCons wo n’t know if the object files actually change until the objects are actually built , so it may be that the program is not listed with -n but is actually built when you drop the -n .
Pros
It ’s Python !
id software used it to build Doom 3 !
Cons
Awkward to specify separate build directory .
Requires the Python interpreter .
Boost .
Build ( bjam )
Boost .
Build V2 is a C / C++ build tool . bjam ( short for Boost .
Jam ) is the command you run instead of make – bjam is a dependency of the boost - build package in ubuntu , but I ’m not sure how many features of Boost .
Build I ’m using .
Boost .
Build is used to build the Boost C++ libraries , but can be used independently .
There are other versions of Jam , but Boost .
Jam was recommended by this freshmeat article so I decided to start with boost .
Here is my Jamroot file :
lib tokyocabinet ; lib gmp : : < file>/usr/lib/libgmp.a ; exe mimattack : mimattackmain.cc lib/elgamal.cc lib/randomhelpers.cc gmp [ glob * mimattack.cc ] tokyocabinet ; exe randomfac : randomfac.cc lib/randomhelpers.cc gmp ; exe dlogtest : dlogtest.cc lib/dlog.cc lib/randomhelpers.cc gmp ; exe elgamalmgr : elgamalmgr.cc lib/elgamal.cc lib/randomhelpers.cc gmp ; exe elgamaltest : elgamaltest.cc lib/elgamal.cc lib/randomhelpers.cc gmp ;
bjam has the most make - like and most compact syntax .
You must create a user - config .jam file before bjam will run – the ubuntu package installed a sample config file in /etc / user - config.jam , and I just copied it to my homedir and commented out the using gcc line .
Once you have a Jamroot and a proper config file , just run ‘ bjam ’ to build .
Notice that you must declare system libraries before you use them – see the Library task section of the manual for more details .
I used the most compact target for tokyocabinet – it searches the system library path for library .
Note that you do n’t include the ‘ lib ’ in front or a suffix such as . so or .a. bjam seems to use shared libraries if available .
For GMP
I wanted to use the static library , so I specified it explicitly with the < file > property .
bjam , like SCons , handles header dependencies and single compilation of common files automatically .
It also has a really slick way of managing dependencies accross projects .
Notice that there is no mention of build directories in the Jamroot – bjam decides that for you , and I ca n’t figure out how to change it .
By default ( at least when using gcc ) , bjam creates a debug build ( passing in the - g option ) and puts all the output in bin / gcc / debug .
If I run ‘ bjam release ’ , it will compile without -g and the output goes in bin / gcc / release .
The lack of options here is annoying , but you can always create symlinks or just keeping a terminal open in your most used build dirs .
I actually find this less annoying than building into the source directory by default .
Pros
Awesome compact syntax !
Works well for a hierarchy of dependent projects .
( I have not used it for this , but Boost has . )
Cons
No library discovery and configuration features ?
No control of build output directories ?
Requires a config file .
CMake
CMake is the new build system for KDE , so it has some serious critical mass .
CMake is different from SCons and bjam in that it generates platform dependent build files , and then you do the actual build with another tool .
In Linux it generates make files .
Like SCons it has autoconf - like features for finding libraries .
Here is my CMakeList.txt :
PROJECT ( mimattacks ) set( GMP /usr/lib/libgmp.a ) file ( GLOB ATTACKSRCS * mimattack.cc ) add_executable ( dlogtest dlogtest.cc lib/dlog.cc lib/randomhelpers.cc ) target_link_libraries ( dlogtest $ { GMP} ) add_executable(elgamalmgr elgamalmgr.cc lib/elgamal.cc lib/randomhelpers.cc ) target_link_libraries(elgamalmgr $ { GMP} ) add_executable( elgamaltest elgamaltest.cc lib/elgamal.cc lib/randomhelpers.cc ) target_link_libraries(elgamaltest $ { GMP} ) add_executable(randomfac randomfac.cc lib/randomhelpers.cc ) target_link_libraries(randomfac $ { GMP} ) add_executable ( mimattack mimattackmain.cc lib/elgamal.cc lib/randomhelpers.cc $ { ATTACKSRCS} ) target_link_libraries ( mimattack tokyocabinet $ {GMP} )
CMake has the most verbose syntax .
Building also takes two steps – change to the build directory , run cmake with the source directory as a command line argument , and then run make .
The call to cmake generates the Makefiles and make does the actual build .
Pros
Used by large projects such as KDE .
Cons
Verbose syntax .
Still much better than make .
Multi-step build process .
GNU Make
Many compilers have options to generate make dependencies for a file – if I run ‘ g++ - MM mimattackmain.cc’ , I get this output
mimattackmain.o : mimattackmain.cc include/randomhelpers.h \ include/elgamal.h basicmimattack.h hashmimattack.h diskmimattack.h
The old fashioned way of doing things is to create a ‘ depends ’ target , so that ‘ make depends ’ will update your make file with the proper dependencies , calling gcc or other tools to do the hard work .
With GNU
Make , which is the version installed on most Linux distributions , you can do this without a special target .
Using this section of the user ’s guide , I created a new Makefile :
%.d : %.cc @set -e ; rm -f $ @ ; \ $ ( CC ) - MM $ ( CPPFLAGS ) $< > $ @. $ $ $ $ ; \ sed 's , \( $ *\ ) \.o [ :]*, \1.o $ @ : , g ' < $ @. $ $$$ > $ @ ; \ rm -f $ @ . $ $ $ $ CC=g ++ CXXFLAGS= - Wall GMP=/usr/lib/libgmp.a SRCS := $ ( wildcard *.cc lib/*.cc ) . PHONY : all all : elgamaltest randomfac mimattack elgamalmgr dlogtest include $ ( SRCS:.cc=.d ) mimattack : mimattackmain.cc basicmimattack .o hashmimattack .o diskmimattack .o \ lib/elgamal .o lib/randomhelpers.o
$ { GMP} g++ -o mimattack $ ^ - ltokyocabinet $ ( CXXFLAGS ) elgamaltest : elgamaltest.o lib/elgamal.o lib/randomhelpers.o
$ {GMP} dlogtest : dlogtest .o lib/dlog.o lib/randomhelpers.o
$ {GMP} elgamalmgr : elgamalmgr.o lib/elgamal.o lib/randomhelpers.o
$ {GMP} randomfac : randomfac.o lib/randomhelpers.o
$ {GMP} . PHONY : clean clean : - rm -f *.o lib /*.o *.d lib /*.d mimattack elgamaltest elgamalmgr \
Â randomfac dlogtest core
Basically what this does is include the files mimattackmain.d , lib / elgamal.d , etc , one for every .cc file .
At first the files do n’t exist , so the make rule at the top is used to create them .
It calls g++ - MM to genrate the dependencies and puts the output in the .d files .
Then make can actually include these dependencies .
I wo n’t go into more details here – see the user ’s guide link above for more information .
This is by far the longest of the build files , and it still does n’t build to a separate directory or automatically manage cleaning .
It is also far more obtuse – you need to know a lot about make to really understand what ’s going on here .
The advantage of GNU Make is that it has a huge install base , but I really think it ’s time the world moved on to more modern tools .
Conclusion
All three build systems are very easy to use for small projects once you get over the initial learning curve .
Of the three , bjam is my favorite in terms of syntax .
However I do n’t think it has autoconf - like features , so if you want to distribute an open source application so it will compile in virtually any environment without extra work , SCons or CMake may be better options .
The focus of this article is small projects , but sometimes small projects get bigger , and you may need those features someday .
I would consider CMake the “ safe ” option now that it has been adopted by KDE , but I prefer SCons because I know and love Python , and it has more compact syntax * .
I will probably use bjam for this project .
It is my part of my thesis and the code is never going to see wide release .
I would use SCons for projects that may gather complex library dependencies and which I may want to distribute to the world , and I would use CMake for a KDE application .
* All three build systems have very clear syntax , and if you are working on a real world project technical considerations are far more important than wishy wash things like “ I like this compact syntax better ” .
However for small time personal hacking ( and academic hacking ) , one can afford to be a syntax snob .
In an response to the new wiretapping law that was introduced in Sweden this week , The Pirate Bay will ask international ISPs to block traffic to Sweden , to protect their customers .
In addition , the BitTorrent tracker will add SSL encryption to their site , and roll out a new VPN service .
Earlier this week , Swedish parliament had voted in favor of a new “ wiretapping ” law which invades the privacy of its citizens by allowing the government to monitor Internet traffic and phone calls , without the need for court orders .
Before the law was passed , The Pirate Bay crew spoke out against it , and now they are upping the ante .
In an initial response they went out putting “ wanted posters ” up , of politicians who voted in favor of the law .
Their next move is to ask international ISPs to block traffic to Sweden , according to Pirate Bay co-founder Peter Sunde .
“ Together with other people that work against this law we ’ve talked about asking international ISPs to block traffic to Sweden , ” Peter writes on his blog .
“ Yes , that ’s right !
We want Sweden to be banned from the Internet .
The ISPs need to block Sweden in order to protect their own customers integrity since everything they do on Swedish ISPs networks will be logged and searched . ”
That is not all though .
In addition to these lobbying efforts The Pirate bay will also add SSL encryption to their site , and they will inform their users on how to protect their privacy .
For Swedes they already have a VPN solution up and running , which they will open up to international users in the near future .
“ We ’re going to help out in any way we can with fighting the law , ” Peter writes .
“ This week we ’re going to add SSL to The Pirate Bay .
We ’re also going to help out making a website about easy encryption – both for your harddrives and your net traffic . ”
It ’s good to see that The Pirate Bay team will not give up their privacy as easy as some of the politicians .
“ Trust me , this war is not lost , ” Peter told Torrent Freak .
“ We will win .
We have many aces up our sleeves and we ’re gonna use them .
No worries . ”
BOSTON ( Reuters ) - Mocked by comedians , derided by prominent conservatives and reeling from flustered interviews with national media , Sarah Palin is proving a risky gamble in Republican John McCain ’s quest for the White House .
“ Palin is Ready ?
Please ” a headline in Newsweek said this week of the moose - hunting Alaska governor and vice presidential candidate , capping a turbulent week in which Palin ’s fitness for the job came under growing scrutiny .
“ Sarah Palin is utterly unqualified to be vice president , ” Newsweek International Editor Fareed Zakaria wrote .
“ She is a feisty , charismatic politician who has done some good things in Alaska .
But she has never spent a day thinking about any important national or international issue , and this is a hell of a time to start , ” he said .
The column could be dismissed as one of hundreds of biting news stories in the hard - fought race between McCain and Democrat Barack Obama , with less than six weeks before the November 4 presidential election .
But it follows a whirlwind of criticism and ridicule from Republicans and Democrats alike since interviews with CBS news anchor Katie Couric , Fox News ’ Sean Hannity and ABC News ’ Charles Gibson that raise question over her nomination and dealings with the media .
History shows most Americans vote for presidents , not vice presidents and Palin ’s folksy appeal energizes far larger crowds than those drawn to gaffe - prone Democratic vice presidential nominee Joe Biden , whom she debates on Thursday .
But the governor ’s troubles are piling up -- from a stubborn investigation into charges that as governor she abused her power by firing a public safety commissioner to her latest stumbles with the media .
Conservative columnist Kathleen Parker , an early Palin supporter , on Friday bluntly called on Palin to step down to “ save McCain , her party , and the country she loves ” .
“ Quick study or not , she does n’t know enough about economics and foreign policy to make Americans comfortable with a President Palin , should conditions warrant her promotion , ” Parker wrote in the conservative National Review .
Palin could withdraw from the race for personal reasons such as wanting to spend more time with her newborn , added Parker , who in September rallied behind Palin for showing “ strength , conviction , determination ” and confidence .
‘ EMBARRASSING ’
The 44 - year - old self - described hockey mom’s image of homespun authenticity , which boosted McCain last month with a leap in support among white women , has been replaced by a less flattering image as a political neophyte and butt of jokes .
The popular TV sketch comedy show Saturday Night Live mocked Palin ’s assertion that governing Alaska gives her foreign policy experience because of its geographic proximity to Russia .
Late - night television host David Letterman said Palin ’s meetings with world leaders at the United Nations looked like “ take your daughter to work day . ”
Until last Tuesday , Palin , who would be a heartbeat away from the presidency if 72 - year - old McCain were to win the election , had never met a foreign leader .
Conservative New York Times columnist David Brooks called her candidacy “ embarrassing . ”
But political analysts say Palin remains a powerful force in McCain ’s campaign despite her bad reviews .
They cite her proven ability to rally evangelical Christians and connect with other socially conservative Republicans , whose grass - roots muscle could propel McCain in crucial states .
Expectations for Thursday ’s debate are also now so low that Palin ’s chances of looking good have improved , they add .
“ The more interviews she does , the more nervous not just moderates get , but some conservative Republicans get .
But thus far they still generally see her as a benefit , ” said Julian Zelizer , a professor of politics at Princeton University .
“ They did n’t pick her to please David Brooks .
They picked her to please conservative activists .
If anything , the attacks on her from Saturday Night Live or from New York Times columnists will only fuel some of the resentment and excitement
about her .
In that respect she is still a plus for McCain . ”
McCain stuck by Palin on Monday , telling a crowd in Ohio that “ she will be my partner in reforming everything that ’s broken in Washington . ”
On Sunday , he defended her after she contradicted his policy against talking publicly about attacking terrorist targets in Pakistan .
Former Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney , once touted as a possible McCain running - mate , questioned the campaign ’s strategy of restricting Palin ’s media exposure .
“ Holding Sarah Palin to just three interviews and microscopically focusing on each interview I think has been a mistake , ” Romney said on MSNBC television .
“ I think they ’d be a lot wiser to let Sarah Palin be Sarah Palin .
Let her talk to the media , let her talk to people . ”
Google Earth increasingly compliant with censorship requests : US intelligence report John Byrne
Published : Tuesday August 26 , 2008
Print This Email
This Google has becoming increasingly compliant to government requests to block purportedly sensitive information -- including images of Tibet , military installations and even a General Electric research plant -- according to a new report prepared by the Open Source Center for the Bush Administration 's Director of National Intelligence Mike McConnell and reports circulated online about areas Google has blocked or blurred .
The research report was not approved for public release but was leaked to Secrecy News ( view pdf ) .
It is prepared entirely on public information -- so called " open source " intelligence .
But it paints a picture of an increasingly pliant global communications juggernaut , willing to do business with authoritarian regimes and US government agencies at the expense of transparency .
China , for instance , has an " online geographical information security management and coordination group " which regularly browses online mapping sites .
" When problems are discovered , they are either raised with Google 's China headquarters or through diplomatic channels , " the report says .
" Google has been very cooperative in the course of communications , " a Chinese spokesman remarked .
Among the areas Google blurs out in China includes , not surprisingly , Tibet / Xinjiang Province .
Other areas of Asia that have been clouded include northern areas of Pakistan -- it 's unknown why or who might have requested the omission .
Google also censors certain sites in India .
India may also be taking measures to hide their facilities from satellites .
According to the report , " India 's army announced that it had taken evasive measures against the ' intrusive photographs of strategic installations . ' "
Google sometimes uses older images to replace existing ones to erase , say , the movement of troops in Iraq .
After a January 2007 report that terrorists were attacking British bases based on Google Earth imagery , Google replaced images of these sites with photographs taken before the war .
The report also claims that al Qaeda militants used Google Earth to target oil facilities in Yemen .
They also blotted out a British eavesdropping base and Trident nuclear facilities in Scotland .
Myriad nuclear power plants and military installations have been blurred out .
For a partial list , see IT Security 's " 51 Things You Are n't Allowed to See on Google Maps . "
General Electric 's main plant missing
Think countries are the only ones benefiting from Google 's largesse ?
* General Electric World Research Laboratories and General Electric Main Plant in Schenectady , NY are blocked in Google , according to IT Security .
The mulitbillion - dollar US company 's website says the research component hosts more than 3,000 of " the best and brightest researchers spread out at four multi-disciplinary facilities around the world . "
* William Hurt 's Home :
This actors home outside of Paris is hazy .
* Playland Amusement Park in Rye , NY : Google will not let you in on the fun at this amusement park , which boasts arcade games and 45 major rides .
Given that the US intelligence report was prepared only from open sources , it seems likely that Google has complied with other requests to censor or blur out information .
The US report cites no instances of the US asking for changes in Google 's database , though IT security cites dozens of instances where the company has blocked out viewing access to US military sites -- including the White House .
Some countries are even developing Google Earths of their own in response to the threat of satellite transparency .
Digital Thailand is building one ; India 's Space Research Organization plans another in late 2008 , and China too plans " China Earth , Google China , or Images China , " that will supposedly make its debut in 2009 .
If you read this blog regularly , you can skip this .
It ’s a right - wing rant that does cite some interesting passages of Jefferson ’s , but the link to the letter is directly below and more worthy of your time .
I just feel that some things really need repeating , especially when my political views are in one key way very different from that of any major or minor candidate .
1. Letter of Thomas Jefferson to John Banister , Jr : Paris Oct. 15 .
1785 :
What are the objects of an useful American education ?
Classical knowledge , modern languages , chiefly French , Spanish and Italian ; Mathematics , Natural philosophy , Natural history , Civil history , and Ethics .
In Natural philosophy , I mean to include Chemistry and Agriculture , and in Natural history , to include Botany , as well as the other branches of those departments .
It is true that the habit of speaking the modern languages , cannot be so well acquired in America ; but every other article can be as well acquired at William and Mary college , as at any place in Europe .
When college education is done with , and a young man is to prepare himself for public life , he must cast his eyes ( for America ) either on Law or Physic .
Jefferson writes in 1789 to John Trumbull that he considers “ Bacon , Locke and Newton … the three greatest men that have ever lived , without any exception … having laid the foundation of those superstructures which have been raised in the Physical and Moral sciences . ”
Jefferson ’s emphasis is on thinkers who are solely post - Machiavelli , who in deep ways reject classical / medieval understanding and insight .
As we have discussed previously , the Federalist provides no exhortation to being more educated and in fact says that if every one at a meeting were Socrates , they would still bicker like everyone else does and get nothing done unless the meeting had a particular organization and there were incentives to act “ better . ”
Ambition must be made to counter ambition , after all , and it is n’t clear learning changes anything in people .
In sum : I do n’t think the American enterprise is terribly serious about education for the sake of getting people ready for public life or engaging deeper questions .
Bacon , Newton and Locke had a very specific agenda for democracy , science and commerce .
Notice that “ public life ” in the quote above by Jefferson is being a lawyer or a doctor , i.e. professional schooling that is geared toward private life in actuality .
“ Classical knowledge ” is sufficiently vague as to mean “ yeah , here ’s some stuff Cicero said once about why politicians should be good people , ” nothing about “ being ” vs. “ becoming ” and the foundations of religion and whether or not anyone has a natural title to rule .
On a practical level : the problem we have nowadays , where everything thinks they ’re patriotic merely by declaring their self - interest loudly and selfishly , stems from an inability to engage deeper human concerns as well as the materialistic basis ( nb : “ useful ” ) of the curriculum above described .
Notice how far “ Ethics ” is even from a survey of other religions , let alone a grounding in one religion .
2 . One way around the problem of an education not creating an attachment to one ’s own country , let alone serving it , is suggested by Jefferson in the letter above .
You can just put every other country down :
If he goes to England , he learns drinking , horse racing and boxing .
These are the peculiarities of English education .
The following circumstances are common to education in that , and the other countries of Europe .
He acquires a fondness for European luxury and dissipation , and a contempt for the simplicity of his own country ; he is fascinated with the privileges of the European aristocrats , and sees , with abhorrence , the lovely equality which the poor enjoy with the rich , in his own country ; he contracts a partiality for aristocracy or monarchy ; he forms foreign friendships which will never be useful to him , and loses the season of life for forming in his own country , those friendships , which , of all others , are the most faithful and permanent ; he is led by the strongest of all the human passions , into a spirit for female intrigue , destructive of his own and others ’ happiness , or a passion for whores , destructive of his health , and , in both cases , learns to consider fidelity to the marriage bed as an ungentlemanly practice , and inconsistent with happiness ; he recollects the voluptuary dress and arts of the European women , and pities and despises the chaste affections and simplicity of those of his own country ; he retains , through life , a fond recollection , and a hankering after those places , which were the scenes of his first pleasures and of his first connections ; he returns to his own country , a foreigner , unacquainted with the practices of domestic economy , necessary to preserve him from ruin , speaking and writing his native tongue as a foreigner , and therefore unqualified to obtain those distinctions , which eloquence of the pen and tongue ensures in a free country …
There you go – if you go to Europe and try to learn there , you come back a traitor , you see poverty where you should see the frugality and virtue necessary for equality .
Of course , one little problem with “ attack everyone else and the US will look great ” is the US ’ flirtation with moral libertarianism of the sort described above .
Our moral libertarianism stems from our belief in technological progress and property rights creating a stable capitalist order : these twin beliefs , quite obviously , have not - so - subtle conflicts with a more religious or non-materialist sense of value .
No eloquence can command distinction when everyone knows everything already .
“ Ethics , ” “ Civil history ” and “ Classical knowledge ” can be twisted any way one likes .
Right now , in accordance with popular opinion , “ ethics ” in medicine does n’t really bother with how many babies one needs to kill in order to maybe get a cure for a disease .
The disease must be cured , all hail our faith in technology .
“ Civil history ” and “ classical knowledge ” emphasize multicultural themes , a product of our diversity , our extending property rights universally , consistently – not exceptionally – at the expense of the truth .
Now there are legitimate reasons for wanting technological progress at nearly any cost , as well as embracing multiculturalism , do n’t get me wrong .
But I ’d be lying to you if I told you that the academy in the US was n’t rabidly Leftist ; I wish I could be more balanced about this , but I ’ve been through it , and I ’ve said before the only way we ’re going to get a balanced education is to make the various parties in this country educate truly regarding their own ideologies .
Yes , that means the Democratic party will have to teach Rousseau , Hegel , Marx , Mill , Dewey , Rawls explicitly , and I ’m all for that .
Let the Left see that their thought is n’t Gospel , and certainly not “ obvious , ” but is nuanced , worthy of contemplation and responds to thoughtful and serious objections on the Right .
As it stands now , the academy does n’t even pretend like the sources of Progressive thought matter , because there is no debate ; the emphasis is on media and activism .
3 . I think you can see how modern conservatism implicitly accepts and encourages the modern Left : unlike most conservatives , I do n’t hold some conspiracy theory that a few Leftist elites changed this country .
At every step of the way , conservatives could have stood up for what they believed , but rarely did .
There seems to be a hole in the reasoning among the Founders – they either think the mechanism of the Constitution will keep factions minimized , or that we ’ll somehow stay homogeneous enough we wo n’t hate our country openly ( there are plenty on the Left and Right who have serious attachments to other nations , to the point of funding the IRA or Serbian nationalists or Hamas ) – and the Right just does n’t acknowledge this is a problem .
In fact , the funny thing about the Right is how it already considers itself educated before it even goes to argue anything .
So I hold the only way that this can be fixed is if the Republican party educates , meaning that Jefferson , the Federalist , Lincoln , Churchill , Milton Friedman , etc. need to be studied and critiqued through partisan gatherings .
In other words : politics is a 24/7 endeavor that requires some degree of expertise and grounding , not just something junkies do via C - Span and sites like freerepublic .
But even with what I ’m proposing , notice : none of the poetry and philosophy covered in this blog have any explicit relevance to the task ahead .
All I ’m doing with recommending that the parties educate is that those who are political recognize that in some way , they are subordinate to knowledge , that just because they ’re part of a winning party declaring something to be right does n’t mean they ’re actually correct about anything .
What I hope is that both parties become less fanatical and more deliberative , certainly able to make each other party ’s best argument .
The poetry and philosophy still stand above .
The trouble with modern politics is that obsessing about mores and rule neglects both what is natural and what is divine .
In one way , this is good for politics – it means the limits of politics should be clear .
In another way , a politics so fundamentally divorced from higher sorts of knowledge means that the best people never really will rule until it is too late , and that does have tragic consequences .
The Bridge to Nowhere argument is n't going much of anywhere .
Despite significant evidence to the contrary , the McCain campaign continues to assert that Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin told the federal government " thanks but no thanks " to the now - famous bridge to an island in her home state .
The McCain campaign released a television advertisement Monday morning titled " Original Mavericks . "
The narrator of the 30 - second spot boasts about the pair : " He fights pork - barrel spending .
She stopped the Bridge to Nowhere . "
Gov. Palin , who John McCain named as his running mate less than two weeks ago , quickly adopted a stump line bragging about her opposition to the pork - barrel project Sen.
McCain routinely decries .
But Gov. Palin's claim comes with a serious caveat .
She endorsed the multimillion dollar project during her gubernatorial race in 2006 .
And while she did take part in stopping the project after it became a national scandal , she did not return the federal money .
She just allocated it elsewhere .
" After telling the press ( his base ) that he was going to announce his run in March 1999 , he melodramatically ' postponed ' the announcement because of the U.S. bombing of the Serbs in Kosovo . "
[ Wonkette ]
Technological advances are transforming the food sector – and nowhere is this more evident than in the field of food safety .
FoodNavigator caught up with Alex Bromage , Food Safety and Quality Director at Tetra Pak , to find out what innovations he is getting ...
Prisoners in British jails should be allowed to vote and the government should enact legislation to that effect , according to a United Nations report .
The call was welcomed yesterday by prison reform groups .
In its latest report on civil rights in the UK , the UN human rights committee has expressed concern that British prisoners do not have the vote and stated that " the general deprivation of the right to vote for convicted prisoners may not meet the requirements " of the UN 's human rights covenant .
Now pressure is to be put on the government to come into line with the majority of EU countries that allow inmates to vote .
Currently , convicted British prisoners are not entitled to vote , a ban that dates back to the Forfeiture Act of 1870 .
Many European countries , including Ireland , Spain and the Netherlands , give all their prisoners the right .
In some countries , such as France and Spain , judges can impose the loss of voting rights as an additional punishment .
Britain is one of only nine European countries , including Russia , Bulgaria and Romania , where all convicted prisoners are banned ; in the UK , remand prisoners retain their right to vote .
" The UK ban on prisoners voting is a relic from the 19th century which is neither a deterrent nor an effective punishment , " said Juliet Lyon , director of the Prison Reform Trust , yesterday .
" The right to vote poses no risk to public safety .
Giving prisoners the vote would encourage them to take the responsibilities that come with citizenship . "
Lyon added that it would also encourage politicians , particularly those with large prisons in their constituencies , to take more of an interest in penal policies .
The European court of human rights ruled in 2004 that a blanket ban was in violation of the European convention on human rights .
The ruling followed an action brought by former prisoner John Hirst .
" Until now there have been no votes in jails and so MPs did nothing about penal reform , " he said at the time , explaining his reasons for mounting the legal challenge .
In June this year , Bridget Prentice , the parliamentary under-secretary of state at the Ministry of Justice , was asked about the extension of voting rights to prisoners but would only say that any changes in the law would have to be " considered in the context of the wider development of policy on the franchise and the rights that attach to British citizenship " .
She added that the government would carry out a " more detailed public consultation on how voting rights might be granted to serving prisoners " .
The MoJ said yesterday that no date had yet been fixed for such a consultation exercise .
Lyon accused the government of dragging its feet and said : " It is disappointing that a government committed to social inclusion has failed to enfranchise all its citizens . "
In terms of numbers , the British prison population of approximately 83,000 constitutes what could be a significant voting bloc .
If prisoners were enfranchised , they would either be allowed to vote in their home constituencies , in the same way as students , or in the constituency where their prison was .
This would raise the intriguing possibility that in a place such as , for instance , the Isle of Wight , which has a high concentration of prisons , the inmates could actually become a crucial voting bloc , able to swing a seat one way or the other .
It is unclear which way the majority would vote or if they would vote at all .
The Labour party , which has substantially increased the numbers of inmates since it came to power in 1997 , seems an unlikely recipient of votes , although the Conservative plan to provide another 5,000 prison places may not be any more popular .
However , the Conservatives could argue that no other party has had two of its most senior members recently behind bars and that they are therefore best able to identify with the problems inmates face .
BEIJING --
The International Olympic Committee stripped the gold medal Saturday from the U.S. men's 1,600 - meter relay team that competed at the 2000 Olympics in the aftermath of Antonio Pettigrew 's admission that he was doping at the time .
The IOC executive board disqualified the entire team , the fourth gold and sixth overall medal stripped from that U.S. track contingent in the past eight months for doping .
Antonio Pettigrew , from left , Alvin and Calvin Harrison and Michael Johnson finished ahead of Nigeria and Jamaica in the men's 1,600 - meter relay .
Mike Powell / Getty Images
Three gold and two bronze were previously removed after Marion Jones confessed to using performance - enhancing drugs .
Saturday 's decision was almost a formality after Pettigrew gave up his gold medal in June .
During a trial involving former track coach Trevor Graham , he admitted in May that he used EPO and human growth hormone from 1997 to 2003 .
Five of Pettigrew 's teammates also lose their medals : Michael Johnson and twins Alvin and Calvin Harrison ran in the final ; Jerome Young and Angelo Taylor ran in the preliminaries .
It was Johnson 's fifth gold medal of his stellar career .
He has already said he was giving it back because he felt " cheated , betrayed and let down " by Pettigrew 's testimony .
Johnson still holds world records in the 200 and 400 meters .
Three of the four runners from the relay final have been tainted by drugs .
Alvin Harrison accepted a four - year ban in 2004 after admitting he used performance - enhancers .
Calvin Harrison tested positive for a banned stimulant in 2003 and was suspended for two years .
Young was banned for life for doping violations .
" We support the action taken today by the IOC , " USOC spokesman Darryl Seibel said .
" Athletes who make the unacceptable choice to cheat should recognize that there will be consequences .
Those consequences can be severe including the loss of medals and results .
We 're in full support of this action .
In other matters like this in the past we 've worked with the IOC to make certain medals will be returned , and we 'll do so again . "
The IOC also disqualified Pettigrew from his seventh - place finish in the individual 400 meters in Sydney .
And the committee banned him from attending the upcoming Beijing Games " in any capacity , " including as a competitor , coach or technical official .
Pettigrew has retired from competition , and the U.S. Olympic Committee said there were no plans for him to be in Beijing .
The IOC had previously tried to strip the relay team after it became known that Young tested positive before the Sydney Games .
But a decision by the Court of Arbitration for Sport said the entire team should not be disqualified , and Pettigrew and the others were allowed to keep their medals .
Saturday 's move came four months after the IOC stripped the gold from the U.S. women 's 1,600 - meter relay team and bronze from the women 's 400 - meter relay squad because of doping by Jones .
She admitted last year that she used drugs at the time and returned her five medals , including gold in the 100 meters and 200 meters and bronze in the long jump .
The IOC has put off any decision on reallocating the U.S. medals until later this year when it takes into account all the files from the BALCO investigation in the United States .
No time frame for a decision on medal redistribution has been set , although an eight - year statute of limitations expires on Oct.
1 .
Nigeria finished second in the men's 1,600 - meter relay , with Jamaica third and the Bahamas fourth .
" That 's such a shame , especially for the ones who were clean , and it 's most important for the athletes who were second , " Sanya Richards , who won gold on the 1,600 - meter women 's relay in 2004 , said from training camp in Dalian .
" You lose that opportunity to stand on top of the podium and feel the joy of winning the race .
Those are the people who hurt the worst when there are cheaters ahead of them .
Giving back the medals is just a technicality because you can't repair the hurt feelings and the hard work that went into it . "
The IOC is reluctant to hand Jones ' 100 gold to silver medalist Katerina Thanou , a Greek sprinter at the center of a doping scandal at the 2004 Athens Games .
She and fellow Greek runner Kostas Kenteris missed drug tests on the eve of the opening ceremony and claimed they were injured in a motorcycle accident .
They were forced to pull out of the games and were later suspended for two years .
An IOC disciplinary panel will meet next Thursday to consider whether Thanou can run at the Beijing Games .
The 33 - year - old sprinter qualified for the Greek team in the 100 , but the IOC is reviewing her eligibility .
Thanou 's lawyer has threatened legal action if she is barred from the games .
Well ,
I broke down and jailbroke my phone last night .
Partially it was just to try it , but also because I was getting sick of the subpar 3rd party apps that were inundating the App Store .
After following the instructions via Lifehacker to install Cydia , I was able to install OpenSSH as well as other cool things , like Python .
Then I saw that you could install iPython on the iPhone so I thought , let ’s try it .
So hard was it ?
With the python package installed it was
easy_install ipython
Seriously .
To lay it out in terms of steps …
1. Install Cydia
( The only caveat here is that I got a different SHASUM when I checked the pwnage tool from the macgeekblog site , I then redownloaded from the pwnage mirrors )
2. Follow the instructions to get openSSH up and running .
3 . Go into Cydia and under “ sections ” got to “ scripting ” .
There they have Python ( among others ) .
4 . I also installed a terminal
5 . Now you can either go in through the terminal on the iPhone ( touch ) or SSH in from a differnet computer .
Either way , su to root and then you can
6. easy_install ipython
Next of course would be to install Numpy and do folding at home ( I ’m kidding ! ) , but this just shows some serious possibilities .
Did I also mention that I installed the NES frontend which can use all the public domain ROMs that are out there ?
Someone mentioned ROM world and The Old Computer but I have n’t checked them out yet .
Cool stuff .
Blogged with the Flock Browser
Tags : ipodcomputers iphone itouch pwnage
CNN : Conspiracy theorists ' not swayed ' by WTC7 explanation David Edwards and Stephen C. Webster
Published : Friday August 22 , 2008
Print This Email This
What really happened at 7 W.T.C. on Sept. 11 , 2001 ?
Government investigators say they know the truth .
Fires , and not controlled demolition , caused the collapse of the tower , claims a new report from the National Institute of Standards and Technology .
The institute , a federal scientific agency which promotes technical industrial standards , is the first government agency to present an all - encompassing theory of the building 's demise .
But that theory is being met with consternation among those who believe something more sinister was afoot on 9/11 .
" It has been a mystery since 9/11 , " said CNN 's Deborah Feyerick in a Friday report .
" Why did World Trade Center building seven collapse nearly seven hours after the twin towers fell ?
" Was it diesel fuel in the building ?
Or planted explosives , a controlled demolition of government offices as conspiracy theorists allege in films like Loose Change ? "
No , says Dr. Shyam Sunder , who directed NIST 's team of researchers in the investigation .
Fire triggered a " new phenomenon " -- thermal expansion of structural steel , which caused a cascade of collapsing floors , ultimately bringing the building down symmetrically , into its own footprint .
" This is the first time that we 're aware of , that a building over 15 stories tall has collapsed primarilly due to fire , " said Dr. Sunder during Thursday 's NIST press conference .
Had the city 's water main not been cut , and WTC 7's sprinkler systems been active , the building may still stand , he said .
Still , said CNN , conspiracy theorists are " not swayed " by the report , though the news channel failed to provide any reason why some still cling to differing opinions of WTC 7's collapse .
Richard Gage , founder of the activist group Architects & Engineers for 9/11 Truth , is chief among those promoting alternatives to the fire theory .
" Tons of [ molten metal ] was found 21 days after the attack , " said Gage in an interview with a Vancouver , Canada television station .
" Steel does n't begin to melt until 2,700 degrees , which is much hotter than what these fires could have caused . "
His group has membership of over 400 architectural and engineering professionals , who say that they have the science to back up their claims .
They argue thermite , a steel cutting agent used by the military and controlled demolitions companies , was responsible for bringing the building down .
" FEMA found it , " said Gage during a press conference on Thursday .
" Dr. Steven Jones found it , in the dust that landed in the entire area of lower Manhattan .
And he finds it in the chunks of previously molten metal [ from the towers ] . "
" Investigators said they did consider certain so - called ' conspiracy theories , ' reported CNN .
" But none held up . "
" Alternative theories are , really , none of them have been found to be credible , " said NIST 's Dr. Sunder .
Glenn Corbin , a fire expert interviewed by CNN , said he believes the most important thing to take away from the NIST report are means of making skyscrapers safer .
This video is from CNN's American Morning , broadcast August 22 , 2008 .
Download video
Robert Scheer : " I do n’t know why we ’re not considering criminal charges against these people . "
The sexy Russian model , 23 , crowned the new Queen of Chess : ' Beauty and brains CAN go together '
A sexy Russian Grandmaster and model has been crowned Queen of Chess after winning the world chess championship .
Combining beauty and brains , glamorous 23 - year - old Alexandra Kosteniuk overcame her baby 's premature birth early last year , to win the diamond - studded crown at the Championships held in Russia .
The sultry chess prodigy , whose motto is " beauty and intelligence can go together " has worked as a swimsuit and catwalk model to raise the profile of the sport .
Beauty and brains : Alexandra Kosteniuk has been crowned the new Grandmaster of chess
She sells semi-naked pictures of herself , has made a 36 - minute video showing her " doing her exercises on Miami beach " , and has appeared in a film in Russia .
She won the Women 's World Chess Championship 2008 yesterday , beating the Chinese prodigy Hou Yifan in the final .
The triumph is the culmination of years of work by Kosteniuk to give the game a sexy new image which has seen her wow the sport 's old guard and attract an army of young fans .
Almost single - handedly she has done much to dispel the image of chess as a game for bookish , tweed jacket - wearing types , or ice cold intellectual geniuses stooped at their boards .
A Grandmaster at 14 , she trained by playing games blindfold at the age of five .
Alexandra says she is helping transform chess 's image
Her father , Konstantin , left his army job when she was young and decided to devote his time to training her .
She said : " I can remember when my father introduced me to exercises .
" He wrote on little cards the squares of the chessboard , like E4 , A1 - or even false ones like E9 to test me .
Then he would show me cards , one quickly after the other , and I 'd have to say whether the square was white or black on the board . "
Konstantin even taught his daughter to win a chess game blindfolded in three moves , in a bid to " exercise her brain . "
Kosteniuk became a Grandmaster at 14 , the youngest woman in the world to attain the title , and at 18 took a set off legendary chess champion Anatoly Karpov .
She has dismissed claims her modelling exploits distract people from the intellectual importance of chess .
She says : " Modelling is not a job .
It is just a hobby , like reading books .
" I want people to see there is a fun side to chess .
It can be made as exciting as soccer or tennis .
Things are changing .
I am clever , so I can play chess ; and I am not so ugly , so I can model . "
Kosteniuk is married to Swiss - born Diego Garces , who is 25 years her elder .
In April last year she gave birth to her daughter Francesca Maria .
After Francesca was born 2 1/ 2 months premature she had to stay in hospital for eight weeks , but has since made a full recovery .
Until recently , Las Vegas was one of the fastest growing cities in the US , and Starbucks ( SBUX ) one of the fastest growing food chains .
Now their decline coincides as well .
Las Vegas had no Starbucks shops before 1995 .
It now has more than 150 .
It also now has the highest number of SBUX store closings with 16 , about 10 % of its total .
By contrast , Los Angeles is losing only 2 of roughly 56 Starbucks and New York will lose 10 of over 200 cafes .
As Starbucks battens down the hatches , Vegas is suffering , too ( Bloomberg ) :
Las Vegas hotel occupancy fell 2 percent in the five months through May from a year ago .
In Clark County , where Las Vegas is located , gambling revenue dropped 16 percent in May , its fifth straight monthly decline , and was down 6.4 percent for the year said July 10 .
Las Vegas home prices peaked in August 2006 and have fallen 29 percent since , according to the S&P / Case - Shiller Home Price Index .
, according to the S&P / Case - Shiller Home Price Index .
Nevada unemployment , lower than the nation 's for 60 straight months starting in April 2002 , has been higher than the rest of the country 's since May 2007 .
The state 's jobless rate was 6.4 percent in June , compared with 5.5 percent in the U.S .
So the latte indicator has spoken , and its not good .
What does this mean for the battered casino stocks ?
MGM Mirage ( MGM ) has already dropped 65 % this year , Las Vegas Sands ( LVS ) has tumbled 57 % and Wynn Resorts ( WYNN ) is off 12 % .
So maybe the delayed indicator of a Starbucks pullback is a sign of the bottom , not of things to come .
See Also :
Citi : Do n't Go Near Las Vegas Sands ( LVS ) or Gaming Industry ( LVS , BYD , MGM , WYNN )
Starbucks ( SBUX ) Finally Agrees : Starbucks Across Street From Two Starbucks
Is Too Much ( SBUX )
Die Casted Trim Roofing Tile Molds
Concrete Roofing Tile Trim Molds Concrete Tile Roofing Molds
Our company has Design assistance and Production of great Quality Concrete Roof Tile Molds at great Prices .
Concrete Roofing Tile Molds are the molds that roofingtile Companies use to make the concrete tiles for roofs on homes .
We produce " Aluminum Trim Tile Molds " for those companies .
Aluminum roofing Tile Molds for Concrete roofing Tile Industry also called Roofing Tilemolds , Tile Molds or roofingtile Plates are usually made in aluminum or steel .
Aluminum roofing tile molds weigh less and usually cost less than steel .
Once Aluminum roofing Tile Mold Production begins we will produce 2,000 or more die casting roofing tile molds or roofing tile plates weekly .
Roofingtile Mold Quality Control is always checking roofingtile mold die casting operations .
Keeping delays and downtime at a minimum .
Kinetic Die Casting , Inc. will ship quality roofing tile molds to your company on time so you do not lose valuable production time waiting for deliveries or repairs .
Kinetic Die Casting is an American Jobshop Aluminum die casting company .
A 30 % cost savings is explained on the FAQ page .
A Filipino scientist says he has created a new composite building board made of chicken feathers that could be a major breakthrough for the construction industry in Asia .
The new material would be resistant to the region 's armies of termites , and could also solve a major environment problem in the Philippines by providing a way to dispose of millions of kilos of waste feathers each year .
The research done by University of the Philippines professor Menandro Acda is being heralded as economically and environmentally sound .
Professor Acda said the material , made of compressed cement and chicken feathers , could be widely used for housing , replacing boards now made with wood chips , which are easily ruined by hungry insects .
The composite boards are " resistant to insect infestation such as termites because the feathers are inedible , " Professor Acda said .
" They are also not as flammable or combustible as conventional cement and wood - fibre composite boards , " he added .
Although more research needs to be done , Professor Acda said the feather boards could be used for paneling , ceilings and as insulation but not for weight - bearing building components like walls or pillars .
' Problematic ' feather disposal
The researcher said his work would also solve the significant problem of disposing of the 2.4 million tonnes of feathers produced each year by the Philippines poultry industry , while doing less damage to the environment .
" Conventional waste disposal methods , when applied to chicken feathers , are problematic , " he said , referring to burning , burial or recycling the feathers for use in low - quality animal feeds .
" Incineration releases greenhouse gases and the feathers take up a lot of space in landfills and take a long time to decay because of the keratin protein that make up the feathers , " Acda noted .
" There is also the fear of bird flu , which makes converting chicken feathers into animal feeds undesirable . "
Professor Acda is hoping to perfect his feather board by year 's end , at which point he will publish his findings .
- AFP
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Former British heavyweight boxing champion James Oyebola was shot in the neck in a nightclub after asking a group of men to stop smoking , a court heard Tuesday .
Prosecutor Jeremy Donne told the Old Bailey that the boxer died after the “ senseless ” shooting at the Chateau 6 club in Fulham , west London , in July 2007 .
He never regained consciousness after being hit in the neck and leg and died in hospital four days later when doctors switched off his life - support machine .
The Nigerian - born , 6ft 9 ” boxer won the UK heavyweight title in 1994 and the bronze medal at the 1986 Commonwealth Games in Edinburgh , where he lost to Lennox Lewis in the semi-finals .
Four men are on trial for his murder : Cyle Carth , 18 ; Dean Francis , 24 ; Rene McKoy , 20 and Kanyanta Mulenga , 23 , all from south London .
They deny murder and affray .
“ Probably all unlawful killings are senseless but this unlawful killing was particularly senseless , ” Donne told the court .
“ James Oyebola had become involved in a dispute over smoking inside the club .
“ In the course of the resulting confrontation with these four defendants , one of them produced a gun and fired four bullets , two striking the hapless Mr Oyebola . ”
CCTV footage suggests Mulenga fired the shots that killed Oyebola and then fled the club , Donne added .
“ It is the prosecution case that all four defendants knew that a gun was being carried by one of their number and that it might be used if and when the need arose , ” he said .
“ It follows that , by remaining with the gunman and becoming involved in the confrontation each man is responsible for his death . ”
The venue ’s DJ James Cornwell saw Oyebola struggling with three men , describing it as “ like a giant against kids , ” the prosecutor added .
The DJ saw the gunman fire several shots before the crowds ran for the exit .
Witnesses said Oyebola had been “ pleasant , calm ( and ) happy ” before the shooting .
He had been asking people to stop smoking in the courtyard .
Some revelers assumed he was a bouncer .
The court heard that the former boxer was friends with the owner of the club and his son .
The trial continues .
Nation
Gov. Tony Evers said President Trump should not come to two rallies in the state this weekend or should insist that everyone who attends the events wear masks so they do n't become super - spreader events .
Once again the politicians are trying to push through a disastrous plan on fear mongering .
President Bush is warning Congress that they had better hand over an unprecedented amount of power to the Executive Branch or there will be catastrophic consequences .
Given the dire state of the economy after his reign , and the fact that he led us into war with the wrong country , it 's ludicrous that he would think anyone would listen to him now .
What are the brave Republicans in Congress doing ?
Except for too few men like Ron Paul , it looks like they are backing Bush .
What are the Democrats doing ?
They want not only a bailout , but tens of billions more dollars for another absurd round of stimulus checks .
This bailout is going to make the Iraq War look like a bargain .
Most of the major U.S. news outlets are telling us how essential the bailout is to return stability to the markets .
But major foreign news outlets , like The Economist , and the majority of small news outlets , like this humble website , are vehemently against it .
Cui bono ?
Obviously , large U.S. corporations bono , that 's cui .
Have we learned anything from history ?
The Great Depression resulted from the Federal Reserve manipulating the money supply and from the government trying to stop needed corrections in the market .
Great Depression ?
You ai n't seen nothin ' yet !
America listened to Bush once out of fear .
The result is that the United States has lost virtually everything : we 've spent our wealth and our descendents ' wealth , we 've spent our military , we 've hocked our moral authority , and , most tragically , we 've lost our freedoms .
We 've followed Bush once out of fear with disastrous consequences .
Can the people of the United States — the citizens of “ the home of the brave ” — muster enough courage to stop our corporate - owned politicians from selling the last remnants of this nation ?
Obama team files suit over alleged GOP ' caging ' plan RAW STORY
Published : Tuesday September 16 , 2008
Print This Email This
As if foreclosed homeowners around Detroit did n't already have enough on their minds , they learned last week that some local Republicans would be trying to make it harder for them to vote .
Barack Obama 's presidential campaign and Michigan Democrats say they do n't want to let that happen and announced plans Tuesday to file a lawsuit aimed at stopping the GOP 's alleged voter caging plan .
" It is an absolute attack on their right to vote , " Obama campaign lawyer Bob Bauer told reporters during a midday conference call Tuesday .
Vote caging is a practice that involves keeping voters from the polls by attempting to demonstrate they do not live at the address where they are registered .
The alleged GOP scheme would apply this tactic to voters whose homes have been foreclosed .
The complaint is available here on Obama 's Web site .
 Senator McCain said last week that he was divorced from the day - to - day challenges people have ,  and he certainly has proven that to Michigan families ,  said Obama Campaign Manager David Plouffe .
 Senator McCain has no real plan to turn Michigans economy around or help families faced with losing their homes  so his party has decided the only way to save his campaign is to deny the right to vote to families most affected by his disastrous economic policies . 
The Detroit News provides some background on the controversy , including a local Republican party official 's denial that he wants to keep voters who 've lost their homes away from the polls .
An article in the Michigan Messenger , a left - leaning political news Web site , appeared Wednesday titled : " Lose your house , lose your vote . "
In it , reporter Eartha Jane Melzer quoted Carabelli discussing the Macomb County Republican Party 's plans for Election Day .
" We will have a list of foreclosed homes and will make sure people are n't voting from those addresses , " the quote attributed to him reads .
Carabelli , however , told The Detroit News on Thursday that " I never said anything even close to that .
We wo n't be doing voter challenges on foreclosures , and we 've never had a plan to do it . "
Despite Carabelli's denials , the story has generated harsh criticism of the party chairman , including a call for him to resign by one activist group .
Jobs with Justice , a Detroit - based workers ' rights organization , issued a release Thursday saying it will converge on the Farmington Hills campaign headquarters of Republican presidential candidate John McCain today at noon to pressure the party to abandon any plans to use foreclosure information against voters .
The Obama campaign 's lawsuit targets the Republican National Committee along with the Michigan and Macomb County parties .
It seeks to keep GOP poll watchers from " harassing " voters on Election Day .
1165385 story
" A university student at Carleton is learning that no good deed goes unpunished .
After hacking into what was probably a not - so - secure university network , this guy took the time to write a 16 - page paper on his methods and sent it to the system admins .
Sounds like White Hat behavior to me .
Yes , he should have asked permission before trying , but throwing the book at the guy and wrecking his life with criminal charges ( which stick for a long time ) seems a little excessive .
The university should spend money on hiring some admins with better computer skills and teaching skills rather than paying lawyers .
In the Engineering department at my old university , the unofficial policy was that when you broke in , did n't damage anything , and reported the problem and how you broke in , they did n't charge you ( if you maliciously caused damage , you usually faced academic sanctions ) .
In some cases , the students were hired or they ' volunteered ' for the summer to help secure the servers or fix the hole they found .
The result was that Engineering ended up with one of the most secure systems in the university . "
Read on for the rest of aqui's comments .
aqui writesRead on for the rest of aqui's comments .
aqui continues : " The truth is , some university students are going to have the desire to hack something , and not all of them have the judgment to stay out of trouble .
If you acknowledge that and catch them inside the university , you can straighten them out before they wreck their lives , and teach them to be white hats .
Rather than creating a hostile environment where people may become black hats , you create an environment where you guide them in the right direction to being good computer security professionals .
For every hacker they catch , there 's probably at least one that they do n't know about .
I can imagine that a number of those hackers at Carleton are now seeing the university as the enemy for burning ' one of their own , ' and some of them may become malicious to get even .
If the student 's intentions were good - which they appear to be - I can't help but feel sorry for the guy . "
Starting in 2002 , Spokane , Wash. , journalist Sherry Jones toiled weekends on a racy historical novel about Aisha , the young wife of the prophet Muhammad .
Ms. Jones learned Arabic , studied scholarly works about Aisha 's life , and came to admire her protagonist as a woman of courage .
When Random House bought her novel last year in a $ 100,000 , two - book deal , she was ecstatic .
This past spring , she began plans for an eight - city book tour after the Aug. 12 publication date of " The Jewel of Medina " -- a tale of lust , love and intrigue in the prophet 's harem .
It 's ...
CARACAS , Venezuela —
As the price of oil roared to ever higher levels in recent years , the leaders of Venezuela , Iran and Russia muscled their way onto the world stage , using checkbook diplomacy and , on occasion , intimidation .
Now , plummeting oil prices are raising questions about whether the countries can sustain their spending — and their bids to challenge United States hegemony .
For all three nations , oil money was a means to an ideological end .
President Hugo Chávez of Venezuela used it to jump - start a socialist - inspired revolution in his country and to back a cadre of like - minded leaders in Latin America who were intent on eroding once - dominant American influence .
Iran extended its influence across the Middle East , promoted itself as the leader of the Islamic world and used its petrodollars to help defy the West ’s efforts to block its nuclear program .
Convert any Logo , Artwork , Illustration , Stencils , Maps , Signs , Crests , Decal designs , Badges , Patches , Photographs , Race Cars , Paintings , Caricatures and Cartoons etc. to hand drawn vector photo .
Software used are CorelDraw / Illustrator / Freehand .
Expert artists redraw your raster jpg / bmp blurred photo to vector format .
No automated software used to create the vector - which would mean , minimum vector nodes , lower photo sizes , no overlapping cut lines , and files ready for print production / plotting / etching
Over the past few months , we have seen previews of some GPU - accelerated Adobe effects at events being held by both NVIDIA and AMD / ATI .
Today , however , NVIDIA launched a website showcasing many more of the GPU - accelerated aspects of Adobe 's upcoming Creative Suite 4 , due out some time in October .
According to NVIDIA , " Adobe is the latest in a trend of visual computing companies grabbing on to the massively parallel processing power of NVIDIA GPUs for more than just rendering pixels to the screen .
Adobe Creative Suite 4 is the most important addition to this trend because of its market position as the leading artistic tool suite .
With NVIDIA GPU acceleration , Adobe Creative Suite 4 enables a faster , more natural way of working with images , while improving quality and productivity .
A GPU will allow users to interact with their images and videos in a way that is not possible without a GPU .
" The effects on the workspace in the various Adobe applications that are accelerated by the GPU are subtle , becuase the workspace looks similar enough , yet dramatic due to the fluid movements when in use .
Whereas some of the features produce choppy movements and jumpy zooms when processed on the CPU , they are fluid and smooth on the GPU .
We have a few short videos posted to show you what we mean ... Adobe Photoshop CS4 uses NVIDIA Quadro or GeForce GPUs to create a digital canvas that is interactive in ways that are simply not possible without a GPU .
NVIDIA GPUs enable real - time image rotation , zooming , and panning , and make changes to the view instantaneous and smooth .
Adobe Photoshop CS4 also taps the GPU for 2D and 3D compositing and high - quality antialiasing , making jagged edges of text and objects a thing of the past .
Brush resizing and brushstroke preview , 3D movement , high - dynamic - range tone mapping , and color conversion are also accelerated by the GPU .
Adobe Premiere Pro CS4 can use the NVIDIA Quadro GPU to accelerate high - quality video effects such as motion , opacity , color , and image distortion .
Quadro - based graphics solutions enable faster editing of multiple high - definition video streams and graphic overlays and provide a variety of video output choices for high - quality preview , including display port , component TV , or uncompressed 10 or 12 - bit SDI .
Adobe After Effects CS4 features a variety of creative visual effects that are accelerated by NVIDIA Quadro GPUs , making it easier than ever to add graphics and visual effects to a video , speeding the work flow , and quickly moving from concept to final product .
Effects accelerated by the NVIDIA GPU include depth of field , bilateral blur effects , turbulent noise such as flowing water or waving flags , and cartoon effects .
For anyone that has worked with Adobe CS3 , the affect the GPU has on the workspace is immediately apparent .
We 're hoping to have a copy of CS4 in house in the not too distant future , and will give you all a firsthand account of Adobe 's new GPU - accelerated apps as soon as we can .
We also contacted AMD to see if they were working with Adobe to accelerate the same features mentioned here on ATI GPUs and were told , " that AMD has a strong relationship with Adobe and that we ’re working very closely with them for future products .
It ’s a little bit early to go into anything right now . "
Considering the information in this release regarding Adobe 's support of the ATI FireGL though , and the demos we have already seen , we suspect support will be coming to ATI GPUs as well at some point .
The acceleration is handled through OpenGL though , so supporting ATI GPUs should be relatively easy .
Rush Limbaugh , featured in a new , Spanish - language Barack Obama ad , says the commercial distorts his past statements and amounts to " race - baiting " by the Democratic nominee .
The commercial , to air in Limbaugh 's home state of Florida as well as Colorado , New Mexico and Nevada , features a picture of the conservative talk show host and shows his words on the screen : " Mexicans are stupid and unqualified " and " Shut your mouth or get out . "
It was first reported by the Washington Post 's Ed O'Keefe .
" Obama is now stoking racism in the country , " Limbaugh wrote in an email .
" Obama is a disgrace - he wants the public to think he is Mr. Nice Guy while his thugs are in Alaska looking for dirt on Palin and he runs race - baiting ads and lies about what he has done and what McCain has done . "
As for the quotes , Limbaugh said they were taken out of context .
The first , " stupid and unqualified , " was from the NAFTA debate of the mid-90s , he recalled .
Limbaugh , a NAFTA proponent , said in the fall of 1993 he got a call from a listener who was upset at the potential loss of American jobs .
In response he said , " If we are going to start rewarding no skills and stupid people -- I 'm serious , let the unskilled jobs , let the kinds of jobs that take absolutely no knowledge whatsoever to do -- let stupid and unskilled Mexicans do that work . "
Explaining his comments , Limbaugh writes : " I was referring to jobs in MEXICO .
I was not discussing immigrants , illegal or otherwise . "
On " shut your mouth , " Limbaugh produced an April 2006 transcript from what he described as a parody of Mexican immigration laws .
The talk show host read a list of stringent rules , adding " shut your mouth and get out , " before revealing to listeners that the guidelines were those set by the Mexican government for immigrants .
The full bit from the second quote is after the jump .
McCain launched his own Spanish - language ad last week blaming Obama for the collapse of immigration reform last week , striking a more moderate tone on the issue than his border security - focused stance in the GOP primary .
Polls show Obama leading among Hispanic voters , but McCain is making an aggressive push for their support as they represent a key constituency in key states such as Florida and the competitive states in the intterior west .
Rush Limbaugh , April 6 , 2006 :
Everybody 's making immigration proposals these days .
Let me add mine to the mix .
Call it The Limbaugh Laws :
First :
If you immigrate to our country , you have to speak the native language .
You have to be a professional or an investor ; no unskilled workers allowed .
Also , there will be no special bilingual programs in the schools with the Limbaugh Laws .
No special ballots for elections .
No government business will be conducted in your language .
Foreigners will not have the right to vote — or hold political office .
If you ’re in our country , you can not be a burden to taxpayers .
You are not entitled to welfare , food stamps , or other government goodies .
You can come if you invest here : an amount equal to 40,000 times the daily minimum wage .
If not , stay home .
But if you want to buy land , it 'll be restricted .
No waterfront , for instance .
As a foreigner , you must relinquish individual rights to the property .
And another thing .
You do n’t have the right to protest .
You 're allowed no demonstrations , no foreign flag waving , no political organizing , no bad - mouthing our President or his policies .
You ’re a foreigner : shut your mouth or get out !
And if you come here illegally , you 're going to jail .
You think the Limbaugh Laws are harsh ?
Well , every one of the laws I just mentioned are actual laws of Mexico today !
That ’s how the Mexican government handles immigrants to their country .
Yet Mexicans come here illegally and protest in our streets !
How do you say “ double standard ” in Spanish ?
How about : “ No mas ! "
comments closed
permalink
A simple expose .
Send it around .
McCain is one of the most shameless liars in modern American politics .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
It 's been a bumpy road for Detroit 's Big Three automakers for the past few years .
But it may get worse .
Some experts fear that GM , Ford and Chrysler - their sales plunging as fewer consumers buy gas - guzzling pickups and SUVs - could be forced to head for bankruptcy .
Last week , General Motors ( GM , Fortune 500 ) reported a $ 15.5 billion second quarter net loss .
While its operating loss was only $ 6.3 billion , that 's still more than the market value of the company .
GM 's loss followed an $ 8.7 billion loss at Ford Motor ( F , Fortune 500 ) and came on the same day that the industry reported a 13 % drop in sales , its worst month in 16 years .
Chrysler LLC , which was bought by private equity group Cerberus Capital a year ago and does not report financial results , relies even more heavily on sales of light trucks , such as pickups and SUVs , than do GM and Ford .
Chrysler also has virtually no overseas sales to fall back upon .
As such , the credit markets have expressed doubts about Chrysler 's prospects , as its finance arm was recently able to raise only $ 24 billion of the $ 30 billion it sought .
The company has stopped offering leases to its customers due to credit market concerns and the declining value its used vehicles .
' Clock is ticking '
All this had led to increased speculation that there could be a bankruptcy in the next year at one or more of the Big Three automakers .
Credit rating firm Standard & Poor 's cut GM and Ford deeper into junk bond status last week , leaving their debt just barely above the level normally associated with firms at significant risk of near - term default .
" The clock is certainly ticking , " said David Cole , chairman of the Center for Automotive Research .
" Obviously there 's a risk .
Nobody is home free . "
Most experts would n't give odds that one of them will stumble into bankruptcy , but said there is a chance they could be forced into doing so if market conditions do n't improve .
" We think they would n't choose to file .
But there is a risk they could be overwhelmed by the events , " said Bob Schulz , S&P 's senior automotive credit analyst .
Making matters worse for the Big Three is the fact that it will take years to fully adapt to the changing consumer trends - or , the shift away from gas - guzzling trucks and SUVs to smaller cars .
" Fixing their product mix and cutting their staff down to manageable levels is going to take a fair amount of time to work down to the bottom line , " said Bob Schnorbus , chief economist with J.D. Power & Associates .
" If they continue to lose money at the current rate , their chances [ of bankruptcy ] are uncomfortably high . "
But spokespeople at all three automakers insist that bankruptcy is not on the table and said the companies have adequate cash reserves to see them through additional losses .
For example , GM spokeswoman Renee Rashid - Merem pointed out steps GM took in July to raise cash , including suspending its dividend , planned asset sales and additional cost cuts .
GM still has about $ 26 billion in cash and credit lines available to it .
Ford is in the best cash position of the three , ending the second quarter with $ 26.6 billion in cash and $ 11.6 billion in available credit lines .
Chrysler has $ 9.4 billion in unrestricted cash and securities on hand at the end of the second quarter .
But GM burned through about $ 3.6 billion in cash in the second quarter alone .
Experts say even with the large cash reserves on hand , the automakers do n't have much more than a year to show significant improvement before they reach a crisis point .
" GM looks like they have four or five quarters to get their act together , " said Shelly Lombard , analyst for GimmeCredit , a fixed income research firm .
Her most recent note on GM is titled " Being pecked to death by ducks . "
What would follow bankruptcy ?
Even if one or more of the Big Three were to file for bankruptcy , it would likely to be under Chapter 11 , which allows companies to continue operations as it tries to shed costs , rather than Chapter 7 liquidation .
" They may not be running the business well .
But they 're still selling a lot of cars , " said Lombard .
" It 's not buggy whips , it 's a real business .
I do n't think any of them are going away . "
Instead , most industry experts say that a bankrupt Big Three automaker might shed some of their weaker brands .
To that end , GM is already looking to sell its Hummer brand , for example .
However , filing for bankruptcy protection would be a mixed blessing for the Big Three .
On the one hand , a bankrupt automaker would have an advantage over its U.S. rivals since it would be able to shed some burdensome costs
However , most auto experts believe a significant percentage of buyers would shy away from an automaker in bankruptcy due to concerns about getting warranty work done on their vehicle .
Hope for Detroit ?
Yet , there is a case to be made that the Big Three will eventually bounce back .
In some respects , they should be in better position now than they were just a few years ago .
Even as their losses started to pile up in 2005 , that was due mainly to costs that were too high , not weak demand .
And while the Big Three were losing market share to Asian automakers , they were maintaining strong sales on expensive pickups and SUVs , which are far more profitable than smaller cars .
But less than a year ago , GM , Ford and Chrysler all won major concessions from the United Auto Workers union that will eventually allow them to significantly lower their health care and benefit - related costs .
At that time , it actually appeared that all three might be getting close to a return to profitability .
But before it could start seeing any of these savings , fuel prices began to soar .
With that , consumers stopped buying as many trucks .
This March was the first month in five years that cars outsold light trucks in the U.S. market .
In addition to pain at the pump , rising job losses and falling home prices have battered consumer confidence and leave the industry poised to record an 18 % drop in sales , the largest decline since 1980 , according to J.D. Power & Associates
J.D. Power is projecting no improvement in sales until late 2009 at best .
Still , the Center for Automotive Research 's Cole said if the Big Three are able to hang on during this slump , there is a chance that pent - up demand in 2009 could lead to much stronger sales just as some of the labor cost savings finally start to kick in next year .
" It could be a much more robust future than they 've had in quite some time , " said Cole .
" The trick is to survive long enough to get to that future .
That 's where the challenge really lies . "
A Topol - M missile launcher drives in the Red Square during the Victory Day military parade in Moscow May 9 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Grigory Dukor
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Russia successfully tested a long - range Topol missile designed to avoid detection by anti-missile defence systems from its Plesetsk launch site , a Russian military spokesman said on Thursday .
“ The launch was specially tasked to test the missile ’s capability to avoid ground - based detection systems , ” said Colonel Alexander Vovk of the Russian Strategic Rocket Forces .
Washington and Warsaw formally signed a deal last week to station elements of a U.S. missile defence shield in Poland , a move that has aggravated Russian - Western tensions already raw from Moscow ’s intervention in Georgia .
Russia has heaped scorn on the missile defence system , which the U.S. says is aimed at Iran , and through its Foreign Ministry last week vowed “ to react , and not only through diplomatic protests . ”
The RS - 12M Topol , called the SS - 25 Sickle by NATO , has a maximum range of 10,000 km ( 6,125 miles ) and can carry one 550 - kiloton warhead .
Last October former Russian President Vladimir Putin , now the prime minister , said the country was working on new types of nuclear weapons as part of a “ grandiose ” plan to boost the country ’s defenses .
“ As part of the commander in chief ’s order there will be a few more launches of this particular missile before the end of the year , ” Vovk said .
Russia has reconfigured earlier Topol models to expand their life - span to 23 years and has been evaluating the reliability of flight stabilizers that allow the missile to fly to a target in a manner similar to cruise missiles .
Report : FBI Harassed Ivins ; Social Worker Has Troubled Past
Wednesday , August 06 , 2008
ADVERTISEMENT
Bruce E. Ivins , the FBI 's prime suspect in the 2001 anthrax attacks that killed five people , spent last fall drinking heavily , taking large numbers of pills and typing ranting e-mails late at night , a fellow scientist says .
But the FBI also offered Ivins ' own son and daughter millions of dollars and a new sports car to testify against their father , and even confronted the entire family in public at a shopping mall , The Washington Post reports .
And the social worker who sought a restraining order against Ivins has her own checkered history of drug abuse and involvement with motorcycle gangs , according to the Post .
Ivins , a career government infectious - disease researcher , killed himself last week as the FBI was preparing to arrest him in connection with the anthrax attacks .
The anonymous fellow scientist tells the Post that Ivins " was e-mailing me late at night with gobbledygook , ranting and raving " regarding the FBI 's " persecution " of his family .
That scrutiny involved showing Ivins ' daughter photos of the victims and telling her " your father did this , " the scientist says .
The bureau also coaxed her twin brother with the $ 2.5 million reward offered in what it called the " Amerithrax " case plus any sports car he wanted , the source says .
In March FBI agents confronted Ivins , his wife and son at a Frederick , Md. , shopping mall , the source tells the Post .
" You killed a bunch of people , " the agents told Ivins .
They asked his wife , " Do you know he killed people ? "
Meanwhile , Jean C. Duley , the counselor who told a judge that Ivins was planning a workplace massacre , had also recently finished 90 days of home detention following a December drunk - driving arrest .
In a 1999 interview with the Post , she told of her days in a biker gang .
" Heroin . Cocaine . PCP , " Duley said .
" You name it , I did it . "
• Click here to read the rest of the story in The Washington Post .
U.S. Constitution - Article 1 Section 9
Article 1 - The Legislative Branch
Section 9 - Limits on Congress
<< Back | Table of Contents | Next >>
The Migration or Importation of such Persons as any of the States now existing shall think proper to admit , shall not be prohibited by the Congress prior to the Year one thousand eight hundred and eight , but a tax or duty may be imposed on such Importation , not exceeding ten dollars for each Person .
The privilege of the Writ of Habeas Corpus shall not be suspended , unless when in Cases of Rebellion or Invasion the public Safety may require it .
No Bill of Attainder or ex post facto Law shall be passed .
( No capitation , or other direct , Tax shall be laid , unless in Proportion to the Census or Enumeration herein before directed to be taken . )
( Section in parentheses clarified by the 16th Amendment . )
No Tax or Duty shall be laid on Articles exported from any State .
No Preference shall be given by any Regulation of Commerce or Revenue to the Ports of one State over those of another : nor shall Vessels bound to , or from , one State , be obliged to enter , clear , or pay Duties in another .
No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury , but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law ; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time .
No Title of Nobility shall be granted by the United States : And no Person holding any Office of Profit or Trust under them , shall , without the Consent of the Congress , accept of any present , Emolument , Office , or Title , of any kind whatever , from any King , Prince or foreign State .
Notes for this section :
FAQ : What ca n't Congress do ?
FAQ : What is habeas corpus ?
16th Amendment
<< Back | Table of Contents | Next >>
URL : //www.usconstitution.net/xconst_A1Sec9.html
BANGKOK , Sept. 2 ( UPI ) -- Thai Prime Minister Samak Sundaravej
Tuesday declared a state of emergency in Bangkok after government supporters and opponents clashed in the capital .
At least one person died and more than 30 were injured in the overnight clashes in the streets between supporters of the pro-government National United Front of Democracy against Dictatorship ( DAAD ) and the anti-government People 's Alliance for Democracy ( PAD ) , the Thai News Agency reported .
Advertisement
The emergency order banned gatherings of more than five people , the report said .
Local media would be prevented from disseminating any news that may be seen as causing public panic or instigating violence .
The emergency decree would be enforced by a team to be headed by Thai Army Chief Gen. Anupong Paochinda .
The team includes the national police chief and the first regional army commander .
Despite the decree , the PAD vowed to continue its protest on the Government House compound until the prime minister resigned , the report said .
Schools and colleges in the areas where the clashes occurred have closed indefinitely .
The Samak government has been under public pressure for weeks .
PAD supporters accuse the government of being a proxy for former Prime Minister and billionaire Thaksin Shinawatra , who was ousted in a coup in 2006 .
Ads
Your advertisement could be here -- Contact me !.
ST . PAUL , Minnesota ( CNN ) -- St. Paul police fired chemical agents and projectiles into a large crowd of protesters outside the Republican National Convention on Tuesday night .
Police fire chemical agents after some protesters said they would breach a security fence .
more photos »
Witnesses said the protesters marched from the grounds of the state Capitol after a concert there ended abruptly .
The protesters were noisy but peaceful as they approached the convention .
Once they arrived , a police officer read an order to disperse , CNN reporters on the scene said .
But almost immediately , officers along the exit route opened fire with gas and projectiles .
In one instance , a CNN producer said , an officer stepped out of line to hit a young woman with pepper spray as she ran for the exit .
See police spray marchers »
Police said officers were trying to scatter protesters who they said \were trying to get past security fences .
Police told the AP that about 2,000 people participated in the anti-poverty march , which lasted about three hours .
Other officers used gas and pepper spray in the path of those attempting to comply with the disperse order , forcing some to stop in their tracks , a CNN crew reported .
The incident comes after almost 300 people were set to be formally charged in Ramsey County District Court on Tuesday after they were arrested during protests Monday at the Republican National Convention , police said .
On Monday , police arrested 283 people after firing projectiles , pepper spray and tear gas to disperse a crowd demonstrating near the convention site , St. Paul Police Department Chief John Harrington said .
Police used plastic handcuffs to detain 20 to 30 of them a few blocks from the security perimeter around the Xcel Energy Center in downtown St. Paul .
St. Paul police said that 120 of the 283 arrested were being held on felony charges .
The rest were charged with various misdemeanors .
iReport.com : Cops swarm bikers , protesters
A crowd of about 300 people conducted what appeared to be a sit-in in a parking lot near the Mississippi River on Monday .
Watch police detain protesters »
Earlier in the day , a group of self - described anarchists threw park benches into streets and smashed windows , police said .
St. Paul police spokesman Thomas Walsh said Monday afternoon that some of those arrested are accused of property damage and conspiracy to riot .
The arrest of the " anarchists " came after almost 5,000 protesters marched peacefully outside the site of the convention .
Walsh said they were part of a " splinter group " of the main body of protesters .
He said he would not characterize their activity as a protest .
Watch police use pepper spray »
" I think they did a disservice to those that came here to protest , " he said .
Five police cars were among the property that was damaged , Walsh said .
Harrington said police arrested nine additional people overnight Monday .
Court proceedings were slowed Tuesday when 22 people facing misdemeanor charges refused to give their real names , Dave Gill , a Ramsey County public defender , told The Associated Press .
Only two people out of all those arrested completed their initial hearings as of midday , the AP reported .
On Sunday , police saw little disruption ahead of the convention , which was scaled back because of Hurricane Gustav .
Despite Monday 's disruptions , the security plan is working , Walsh said .
" We had some expectation that there may be some of this activity , " he said .
The Republican convention , which began Monday , has been designated a " national special security event , " which means the Secret Service is responsible for planning and implementing security .
But the primary responsibility for street - level security falls to local police agencies .
St. Paul received $ 50 million in federal grant money to pay for additional security .
View the convention security plan »
The St. Paul Police Department estimated that it would require $ 34 million to pay 3,500 extra officers .
The remaining money is for training and equipment , the department said .
Numerous federal agencies are helping provide security , including the FBI , the Federal Protective Service , Customs and Border Protection , the Coast Guard and the Transportation Security Administration .
CNN 's Steve Turnham , Kevin Myers and Joe Johns contributed to this report .
All About St. Paul ( Minnesota ) • Republican National Convention • U.S. Secret Service
According to Polish Radio , a campaign to loosen the marijuana laws is underway in Poland .
A petition to the Ministry of Justice requesting the legalization of marijuana for personal use has already been signed by hundreds of people , including drug rehab specialists and members of Monar , a nonprofit group that works with addicts , the HIV / AIDS positive , and the homeless .
Now , would - be legalizers are trying a new tack : direct contact with members of parliament ( MPs ) .
" Cannabis canvassers " recruited via the Internet have been paying visits to politicians in an effort to win them over , and it seems to be working .
The canvassers have already collected the signatures of five MPs , including former health minister Marek Balicki .
Legalization of personal possession ( or decriminalization ) would be a step forward for Poland .
Under current law , possession of even small amounts of marijuana is a serious criminal offense .
By way of example , he said that a black person searching for " whitney , " for instance , probably would n't be looking for the Whitney Museum of Art , which comes up first on Google , or Whitney Bank , which comes up second .
Instead , Taylor said , the searcher would likely be looking for Whitney Houston , who does n't come up in Google until No. 4 .
That 's why a search for " Whitney " on RushmoreDrive , which is part of Barry Diller 's IAC / InterActiveCorp conglomerate , turns up the vocalist as its first result .
" Someone said to me , ' We do n't have a white Google , why do you need a black Google ? ' " he said during a visit to the Times today .
" And I said , ' Of course you do -- It 's called Google . ' "
Johnny C. Taylor thinks so .
In April he launched RushmoreDrive , a search engine that returns results more targeted at the black community ( it 's named after the North Carolina street where its offices are ) .
Is Google too white ?
No , we 're not talking about the white home page that 's so bright it motivates some people to change its appearance to save energy .
We 're wondering if it is too white , as in Caucasian , because so many white people use Google that it returns results that alienate the rest of the population .
... a whole lot of research , watching where Web surfers who lived in certain areas with large black populations , such as Atlanta , were going online .
The site 's creators made note of what black users were clicking on and developed an algorithm that gives " black " links more weight .
A search for " diabetes , " for example , shows the American Diabetes Assn. as the first result on both Google and RushmoreDrive .
But RushmoreDrive shows " statistics about African - Americans and Diabetes " as its second result and a link to the diabetes section on blackhealthcare.com as its fifth .
" It 's a blend , " Taylor said .
" Results that otherwise would be much lower are elevated . "
Search engines return results based on pages that they crawl through , but they can't crawl through every page on the Internet .
RushmoreDrive also digs deeper into pages it thinks black people might visit more , such as soul food site chitterlings.com , Taylor said .
The search engine has already picked up advertisers such as Coca - Cola and General Motors and had nearly 800,000 unique visitors in June .
Taylor says RushmoreDrive is a new kind of search engine that he says focuses on " identity search . "
In other words , it guesses what people are looking for based on the group they identify with .
Since search engines learn from what people are clicking on , Rushmore Drive had a small problem immediately after its launch :
So many white members of the media were visiting the site that the results became skewed and turned up more " white " results , Taylor said .
That 's why the company is embarking on a big publicity campaign now , making appearances on the Tavis Smiley and Steve Harvey shows and sponsoring a 10 - city gospel tour featuring Regina Belle .
RushmoreDrive also has jobs and news sites , as well as its own version of Google 's Hot Trends , which shows what people have been searching for lately .
Is it a black version of popular site Stuff White People Like ?
Well , no , there already is one , Stuff Black People Love .
But in case you 're curious about what Rushmore Drive users are searching for now , the top terms include actress LisaRaye , as well as Superheroines and Bernie Mac .
If you 're not black , and you 're jealous that now there 's a search engine just for that community , start lobbying IAC for one of your own .
Taylor says it plans to launch a new " identity search " site in the second quarter of 2009 .
-- Alana Semuels
Semuels , a Times staff writer , covers wireless , marketing and the L.A. tech scene
Photo : Whitney Houston .
Credit : Abdelhak Senna AFP / Getty Images
Global demand for oil has been fuelled by China and India World oil prices have reached a new peak near $ 124 a barrel .
The rises came despite a US government report on Wednesday showing a surprise increase in US crude and petrol stocks .
US sweet , light crude rose as high as $ 123.87 , but then fell back to $ 123.42 , below the record set in Wall Street trade on Wednesday .
Oil prices have gained 25 % in the past four months , boosted by supply fears and speculation .
Goldman Sachs warns oil could reach $ 200 a barrel soon .
London Brent also rose initially , surging to $ 122.56 , before falling slightly .
Momentum buy US crude stocks rose by 5.7 million barrels to 325.6 million barrels for the week ending 2 May , a weekly US government report showed - much better than expected .
But analysts said that traders ignored the rise and focused on other figures , which showed a fall in diesel and heating oil inventories .
" Right now , the market is trading by momentum as market participants tend to selectively focus on bullish news , " said Victor Shum , senior principal at Purvin and Gertz energy consultancy in Singapore .
With an increasing disconnect between the physical reality of supply and demand and the behaviour of traders , Mr Shum considered that there was a greater risk of a sell - off .
End of a trend ?
Meanwhile , Goldman Sachs energy strategist Argun Murti said that oil prices could top $ 200 a barrel in as little as six months .
Oil prices have added 400 % since 2001 , with traders betting that rampant demand from China to power its economic growth will not be fully met because of production problems in key oil - producing nations , including Nigeria and Iraq .
The slump in the US dollar has also boosted oil prices , as it makes the dollar - denominated commodity an attractive investment for foreign buyers .
But suggestions by analysts that the ailing US economy could be on the brink of recovery have revived the greenback since April and helped to halt the oil juggernaut .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Viagra pills are seen in a publicity photo .
REUTERS / PRNewsFoto
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - Viagra , a popular anti-impotence pill , may help some women on antidepressants have better sex , U.S. researchers said on Tuesday .
They found women on antidepressants who took Viagra had fewer sexual side effects than those who took a placebo .
Sexual dysfunction can prompt many people to stop taking drugs to treat depression .
While other studies have hinted that Viagra might help these women , the latest research , published in the Journal of the American Medical Association , is one of the first scientifically rigorous studies to show this benefit .
“ By treating this bothersome treatment - associated adverse effect ... patients can remain antidepressant - adherent , reduce the current high rates of premature medication discontinuation , and improve depression disease management outcomes , ” Dr. H. George Nurnberg of the University of New Mexico in Albuquerque and colleagues wrote .
The research was funded by Pfizer Inc , known generically as tadalafil , and Levitra or vardenafil , sold by GlaxoSmithKline , Bayer AG and Schering - Plough , work in a similar way to Viagra .
“ These findings are important not only because women experience major depressive disorder at nearly double the rate of men and because they experience greater resulting sexual dysfunction than men , but also because it establishes that ( drugs such as sildenafil ) are effective in both sexes for this purpose , ” they wrote .
Pictured :
The moment a cow jumped over a woman ( and the donkey collapsed with a fit of the giggles )
It looked like a scene from a comedy sketch show - the moment a cow attempted to leap over a woman - and the donkey she was with appeared to collapse to the floor laughing .
This bizarre sequence of pictures shows the cow spotting a lush patch of grass and bolting towards it for a quick feed .
The fact that peasant woman and owner of the cow , 68 - year - old Rositza Kasaboba , was in the way did not deter Dana the hungry bovine , who simply attempted to hurdle her .
Thankfully Rositza was virtually unscathed by the incident and managed a grin as she picked herself up off the floor .
Surprise :
All of a sudden the cow rears up and mounts the old woman
Up :
The cow 's weight pushes the woman to the ground
Almost there : Heading for the green grass by the side of the road the cow tramples over the woman , while her donkey and another cow look on
And over : the woman is left in a heap by the road as a stunned friend watches the scene unfold
Unfortunately the cow , named Dana , will not get off so lightly after her antics - and will now become Christmas dinner for the woman 's family .
Rositza , from the village of Krustatitsa in Bulgaria , said : " My cow has never done such a thing before and has left me battered and bruised .
" Worst of all - even my donkey collapsed afterwards on the ground , I am sure it was laughing at me . "
It 's all too much for the woman 's donkey , which appears to collapse to the ground with a fit of the giggles
Unhurt : But Rositza Kasaboba plans to turn Dana into sausages
The rain forest biodome is kept hot and humid with special lighting and atmospheric control systems .
It has four levels designed to mimic different rain forest environments .
A 100,000 - gallon tank serves as home to Amazonian river dwellers .
Stacked on top of it , and accessible via curving ramps , are biomes patterned on habitat in Borneo , Madagascar and Costa Rica .
Photo : Annaliza Savage / Wired.com
The final two paragraphs from George Will 's column today are worth highlighting again :
Conservatives who insist that electing McCain is crucial usually start , and increasingly end , by saying he would make excellent judicial selections .
But the more one sees of his impulsive , intensely personal reactions to people and events , the less confidence one has that he would select judges by calm reflection and clear principles , having neither patience nor aptitude for either .
It is arguable that , because of his inexperience , Obama is not ready for the presidency .
It is arguable that McCain , because of his boiling moralism and bottomless reservoir of certitudes , is not suited to the presidency .
Unreadiness can be corrected , although perhaps at great cost , by experience .
Can a dismaying temperament be fixed ?
We forget that McCain has no executive experience , just as Obama has no executive experience .
But in terms of judgment , of selection of a running mate , of calm in crisis , of a smooth operation , it is McCain who is revealing his total inexperience and unreadiness for the job , not Obama .
In fact , there is no comparison .
One campaign is chaotic , secretive , impulsive , unpredictable and losing .
The other is supremely well - run , as transparent as a campaign can be , unflappable , very predictable , and winning .
I know which man I 'd prefer to be runing the country in a crisis .
Not hotheaded , mercurial , impulsive , gambling McCain .
( Photo : Mario Tama / Getty . )
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Courtesy of Latino Review , a picture has surfaced from the set of ‘s “ “ , which shows ( original T - 800 ) on the set chatting with .
Source claims that Arnold was on set providing dialogue for the effects crew to work with , in order to seamlessly impose Schwarzenegger ’s face into the film and onto ‘s torso .
“ Terminator Salvation ” is set for a summer 2009 release .
You can watch two videos of the meeting : [ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PQFLj6tdJoM[/youtube] [ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQsCeGBRPjY[/youtube]
A previous post gave some examples to illustrate how to use regular expressions as defined by the upcoming C++0 x standard .
The new regex features are certainly easy to use but what about the performance of some of the current implementations ?
To find out , I compared the performance of the Micirosoft Visual Studio 2008 implementation against the regex implementation from the Boost library v1.36 , and also against the PCRE v7.7 library .
Microsoft introduced C++0 x regex support in Visual Studio 2008 feature pack # 1 and subsequently improved regex performance in Visual Studio 2008 service pack # 1 .
Both the fp1 and sp1 implementations were included in the comparison analysis .
The Boost library was chosen for comparison since this was the initial C++ regex implementation that was the basis for the proposal for inclusion into C++0x .
PCRE was chosen for comparison since this is a very popular and in many respects the defacto regular expression library for use in C / C++ applications .
Methodology
The regular expression patterns and data strings to use for comparison were taken from here .
Three patterns of various complexity were selected and each of these was run against a set of five content strings .
Each pattern / string search combination was run for 10000 iterations and the elapsed time was measured for each combination .
The code used to perform the test is available here .
Multiple runs were conducted to ensure that the results were consistent across each run .
Once all the data was gathered , the results were normalized against libPcre – hence all the graphs show libPcre at a value of 1 .
By taking this normalization approach it is easier to compare the relative performance of each implementation .
ID Patterns Content Strings 1 ^(([^ : ] + ) ://) ?([^:/]+ ) ( :( [ 0 - 9 ] + ) ) ?(/.*)
http://www.linux.com/ 2 usd [+-] ? [ 0 - 9 ] +. [ 0 - 9 ] [ 0 - 9 ]
http://www.thelinuxshow.com/main.php3 3 \b( \w+ ) ( \s+\1 ) +\b usd 1234.00 4 he said she said he said no 5 same same same
Results
The results are shown for each of the three patterns in the graphs below – one per pattern .
The numbers along x-axis in each graph corresponds to the strings numbered 1 - 5 from the table above .
What would war with Iraq cost ?
Bush : Attack by Iraq ' would cripple ' economy
From Dana Bash
CNN Washington Bureau
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The White House is downplaying published reports of an estimated $ 50 billion to $ 60 billion price tag for a war with Iraq , saying it is " impossible " to estimate the cost at this time .
White House Office of Management and Budget Director Mitch Daniels told The New York Times in an interview published Tuesday that such a conflict could cost $ 50 billion to $ 60 billion -- the price tag of the 1991 Persian Gulf War .
But Trent Duffy , an OMB spokesman , said Daniels did not intend to imply in the Times interview that $ 50 billion to $ 60 billion was a hard White House estimate .
" He said it could -- could -- be $ 60 billion , " Duffy said .
" It is impossible to know what any military campaign would ultimately cost .
The only cost estimate we know of in this arena is the Persian Gulf War , and that was a $ 60 billion event . "
Duffy also was careful to caution that President Bush had not made a decision to use military force against Saddam 's regime .
Bush stressed that point in comments to reporters on Tuesday .
" I want to remind people that Saddam Hussein , the choice is his to make as to whether or not the Iraqi situation [ is ] resolved peacefully .
... I hope we 're not headed to war in Iraq , " he said .
Fielding questions about the tensions with Iraq and North Korea , Bush also said an attack by by Saddam Hussein or a terrorist ally " would cripple our economy . "
( Full story )
" This economy cannot afford to stand an attack , " Bush said .
" And I 'm going to protect the American people .
The economy 's strong .
It 's resilient .
Obviously , so long as somebody 's looking for work , we 've got to continue to make it strong and resilient . "
' No one knows how much it will cost '
In September , Daniels disputed an estimate by Bush economic adviser Larry Lindsey -- who has since left the White House -- that war with Iraq could cost $ 200 billion .
Daniels said he believes Lindsey 's estimate was " the upper end of a hypothetical , " Duffy said .
Congressional Democrats this past fall estimated the cost of a military attack against Iraq around $ 93 billion .
But they noted that the figure did not include costs such as U.S. peacekeeping efforts , foreign assistance or loan forgiveness , or the economic impact should an oil crisis ensue .
Sen . Kent Conrad , D - North Dakota , the outgoing Senate Budget Committee chairman , issued a statement Tuesday saying " the reality is no one knows how much it will cost us to wage war with Iraq . "
" Mitch Daniels ' $ 50 billion to $ 60 billion estimate is as viable as Larry Lindsey 's $ 100 billion to $ 200 billion estimate in September .
So much depends on the duration and type of combat forces as well as the presence , duration and size of a peacekeeping force , " Conrad said .
Conrad also said that " despite this potential new expense , the Bush administration continues with its ill - fated economic policy of more tax cuts for the wealthy , bigger deficits for the American people and growing debt for our children and grandchildren . "
The cost of the Persian Gulf war was shared by many countries in the U.S. - led coalition against Saddam .
It is unclear how many nations would pick up some of the cost of another campaign .
IN 1993 , Bill Clinton was pondering whether to authorise what is now called an “ extraordinary rendition ” , when American agents snatch a suspected terrorist abroad and deliver him to interrogators in a third country .
The White House counsel warned that this would be illegal .
President Clinton was in two minds until Al Gore walked in , laughed and said : “ That 's a no -brainer .
Of course it 's a violation of international law , that 's why it 's a covert action .
The guy is a terrorist .
Go grab his ass . ”
To understand how the Bush administration went crashing off the rails , it helps to know where the train was coming from .
“ Law and the Long War ” gives a clear and vivid account of how President George Bush and his inner circle came to adopt so many harrowing tactics in their struggle against al - Qaeda and its ilk .
A fellow of the Brookings Institution , a non-partisan think - tank , Benjamin Wittes is scrupulously fair .
Doves think that America should close Guantánamo , abstain from interrogations that trouble the conscience and either try its enemies in open court or free them .
Hawks think that the president has ( and should have ) the power to do whatever is necessary to stop a dirty bomb going off in an American city .
To Mr Wittes , the right way to deal with groups such as al - Qaeda is “ terrifyingly , dangerously , paralysingly non-obvious ” .
Extraordinary renditions , synonymous today with Mr Bush 's excesses , were quite common under Mr Clinton .
But they got much uglier after September 11th 2001 .
The snatches became more frequent , and therefore more prone to error .
Rather than simply handing terror suspects over to countries where they faced criminal charges , the CIA started interrogating them itself .
Unlike Mr Gore , the Bush administration was not content to break the rules quietly from time to time .
Instead , it argued that suspects could be seized and held indefinitely on the president 's say - so , and subjected to “ enhanced interrogation techniques ” that sounded awfully like torture .
The Bush administration was appallingly negligent about abuses at Abu Ghraib .
Far more alarming , however , are the abuses it authorised in cold blood .
Dick Cheney promised to “ work … the dark side ” to defeat al - Qaeda .
As Jane Mayer documents in “ The Dark Side ” , he meant it .
Putting a hood on someone 's head does not , in itself , amount to torture .
Nor , necessarily , does depriving him of light or keeping him awake when he is tired .
But when such techniques are used in combination and over a long period , they add up to something cruel and unusual .
Ms Mayer , a writer for the New Yorker , describes horrors in sparse prose .
One suspect was shaved , force - fed , sleep - deprived , ordered to bark like a dog , hammered with ear - splitting pop music , kept in a cold room and shackled so he could not pray .
He begged to be allowed to commit suicide .
For a straightforward and chilling narrative of where Mr Bush erred , Ms Mayer 's book is the easier read .
But Mr Wittes 's analysis is more subtle , and he tries harder to offer solutions .
Neither the laws of war nor ordinary criminal laws are suited for the struggle against al - Qaeda , he says .
America needs a new , hybrid set of rules .
Mr Bush should have asked Congress to write such rules .
Had he done so , he would have received nearly all the powers he wanted , and he would have been seen to act legally .
The worst abuses might never have happened , and America would not have seen its reputation for lawfulness dragged through the sewers .
Instead , Congress has left it largely to the courts to check the executive ; they can do so piecemeal , but it is plainly beyond their competence to devise a whole new set of rules .
Congress has not been wholly idle .
Thanks in part to John McCain , the law governing military interrogations has been tightened .
But the CIA still uses interrogation tactics that Mr Bush will not name , and Mr Cheney still insists that the decision to use water - boarding ( simulated drowning ) was a “ no - brainer ” .
By flaunting its contempt for international norms , the administration renders those norms laughing - stocks , laments Mr Wittes .
While people around the world begin to celebrate George W. Bush ’s January 20 , 2009 departure from the White House , senior administration officials are crafting legislation , rule changes and executive orders that will make permanent the worst excesses of this criminal regime .
And in an election year , you can count on a Democratic - controlled Congress to continue abdicating their role as a brake on the executive branch , ever - fearful that far - right attack dogs and their media accomplices will label them “ soft on terror . ”
In this light , a recent piece in The New York Times outlines the corporatist trajectory that will cement in place the “ friendly fascism ” of the Bush administration , inaugurated by the Republican party on December 12 , 2000 when the U.S. Supreme Court handed a stolen election to the Bush - Cheney cabal .
As Associate Court Justice John Paul Stevens wrote in his bitter dissent to the Bush v. Gore ruling : “ Although we may never know with complete certainty the identity of the winner of this year ’s Presidential election , the identity of the loser is perfectly clear .
It is the Nation ’s confidence in the judge as an impartial guardian of the rule of law . ”
Ponder those words and then consider all that has followed since that infamous ruling eight long years ago undermined the rule of law and democratic processes in the United States — and the capitulatory cowardice of the putative “ opposition ” party , the Democrats , who sealed the deal .
Eric Lichtblau reports that as the November 4 general election approaches , “ Tucked deep into a recent proposal from the Bush administration is a provision that has received almost no public attention , yet in many ways captures one of President Bush ’s defining legacies : an affirmation that the United States is still at war with Al Qaeda . ”
Seven years after the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks by the Afghan - Arab database of disposable Western intelligence assets known as al - Qaeda , Bush advisers are demanding that Congress “ acknowledge again and explicitly that this nation remains engaged in an armed conflict with Al Qaeda , the Taliban , and associated organizations , who have already proclaimed themselves at war with us and who are dedicated to the slaughter of Americans . ”
That al - Qaeda attacks Western targets and visits outrages upon innocent civilians does not mean it is not also a blunt - edged weapon selectively deployed by imperialism to stoke ethnic and religious tensions in areas deemed vital to U.S. geostrategic interests .
As investigative journalist Robert Dreyfuss has documented ,
Sixty years earlier , when the United States began its odyssey in the Middle East , there were other voices who wanted conservative Islam , and early fundamentalist groups associated with the nascent Islamic right , to do battle with the secular left , with Nasser , with Arab communists and socialists .
Now , six decades later , the Bush administration is pursuing a strategy in the Middle East that seems calculated to boost the fortunes of the Islamic right .
The United States is counting on Shiite fundamentalists in Iraq to save its failed policy in that country , and a major theoretician of that campaign explicitly calls for the United States to cast its lot in with the ayatollahs and the Muslim Brotherhood .
( Devil ’s Game : How the United States Helped Unleash Fundamentalist Islam , New York : Metropolitan Books , 2005 , p. 342 )
Long after the Bush administration has sailed off into the proverbial sunset , policies launched across the decades by successive Democratic and Republican governments will continue along the same imperial trajectory : war and covert operations as the preferred instruments for capitalist resource extraction and global domination .
Al - Qaeda : Asset and Adversary
One need only review the role played by al - Qaeda in the Balkans during the 1990s when the United States and their NATO allies , particularly Germany and the United Kingdom , provided entrée to demobilized Afghan - Arab mujahedin fighters as the West dismembered the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia , culminating in 1999 with NATO ’s murderous 78 - day bombing campaign of Serbia to “ liberate ” Kosovo .
Earlier in the decade , thousands of Islamist fighters flooded Bosnia - Herzegovina , directly recruited by former Waffen SS Handzar Division foot soldier and Islamist ideologue , Alia Izetbegovic , the President of Bosnia and darling of liberal interventionists such as Bernard - Henri Lévy .
In calling for Western intervention , Lévy shamelessly described Izetbegovic ’s neofascist statelet as an exemplar of “ modern , secular Islam ” !
Quite naturally , Izetbegovic ’s Nazi past was covered - up by Western interventionists intent on smashing multiethnic Yugoslavia into smithereens .
Indeed , intelligence analyst and senior lecturer at the University of Amsterdam , Cees Wiebes , documents in Intelligence and the War in Bosnia 1992 - 1995 , how Western intelligence agencies , including the CIA , MI6 and BND assisted major arms transshipments into Bosnia despite a UN arms embargo , often in concert with the reactionary Iranian regime .
Some estimates claim that by 1994 , as many as 4,000 mujahedin fighters were present in Bosnia .
Indeed , none other than Osama bin Laden himself visited Izetbegovic in Sarajevo .
As a gesture of appreciation for his support , Izetbegovic gave bin Laden a Bosnian passport .
And , a November 1 , 2001 account in the European edition of The Wall Street Journal claimed that bin Laden continued to visit the Balkan region as late as 1996 .
By 1995 as Wiebes documented , American Hercules C-130 transport planes accompanied by jet fighters began landing at the Tuzla Air Base in eastern Bosnia laden with arms , ammunition and communications equipment destined for Izetbegovic ’s Islamist brigades .
Similar arms pipelines were opened between Albania , Bosnia , Croatia and later in the decade Kosovo , where Albanian narcotrafficking networks rule the roost and continue to wreck havoc across the region .
As I documented in “ Welcome to Kosovo !
The World ’s Newest Narco State , ” beginning in 1998 and perhaps earlier , the London - based cleric Omar Bakri Mohammed , the “ emir ” of the al - Qaeda - linked al - Muhajiroun began a recruitment drive for aspiring mujahedin for the “ holy war ” in Kosovo at London ’s notorious Finsbury Park Mosque .
In 2005 , in the wake of the July 7 , 2005 terrorist attacks in London , it was revealed that Bakri , a probable MI6 asset and simultaneously an al - Qaeda operative , was the “ spiritual ” force behind the deadly attacks that claimed 52 lives and wounded hundreds of others .
Nafeez Mosaddeq
Ahmed reported that ,
The reluctance to take decisive action against the leadership of the extremist network in the UK has a long history .
According to John Loftus , a former Justice Department prosecutor , Omar Bakri and Abu Hamza , as well as the suspected mastermind of the London bombings Haroon Aswat , were all recruited by MI6 in the mid-1990s to draft up British Muslims to fight in Kosovo .
American and French security sources corroborate the revelation .
The MI6 connection raises questions about Bakri ’s relationship with British authorities today .
Exiled to Lebanon and outside British jurisdiction , he is effectively immune to prosecution .
( “ Sources : August terror plot is a ‘ fiction ’ underscoring police failures , ” The Raw Story , Monday , September 18 , 2006 )
During NATO ’s Kosovo aggression , analyst Michel Chossudovsky wrote ,
Mercenaries financed by Saudi Arabia and Kuwait had been fighting in Bosnia .
And the Bosnian pattern was replicated in Kosovo : Mujahadeen mercenaries from various Islamic countries are reported to be fighting alongside the KLA in Kosovo .
German , Turkish and Afghan instructors were reported to be training the KLA in guerrilla and diversion tactics .
. . .
According to a Deutsche Press - Agentur report , financial support from Islamic countries to the KLA had been channelled through the former Albanian chief of the National Information Service ( NIS ) , Bashkim Gazidede .
“ Gazidede , reportedly a devout Moslem who fled Albania in March of last year [ 1997 ] , is presently [ 1998 ] being investigated for his contacts with Islamic terrorist organizations . ”
( “ Kosovo ‘ freedom fighters ’ financed by organised crime , ” World Socialist Web Site , 10 April 1999 )
As I documented , the Kosovo Liberation Army ’s links to both narcotrafficking networks and al - Qaeda was a defining feature of Western intervention in the former Yugoslavia .
Indeed , Hashim Thaci ’s KLA served as the militarized vanguard for the Albanian mafia whose “ 15 Families ” control virtually every facet of the Balkan heroin trade .
Thaci is currently Kosovo ’s Prime Minister .
Kosovar traffickers ship heroin originating exclusively from Asia ’s Golden Crescent .
At one end lies Afghanistan where poppy is harvested for transshipment through Iran and Turkey ; as morphine base it is then refined into “ product ” for worldwide consumption .
From there it passes into the hands of the Albanian syndicates who control the Balkan Route .
U.S. destabilization programs and covert operations rely on far - right provocateurs and drug lords ( often interchangeable players ) to facilitate the dirty work .
Throughout its Balkan operations the CIA made liberal use of these preexisting narcotics networks to arm the KLA and provide them with targets .
Today , similar features are visible for all the world to see as the U.S. warlord state in Afghanistan battles the Taliban and al - Qaeda for control of the lucrative opium growing and processing regions of that destroyed nation .
As a sometime Western intelligence asset , al - Qaeda is not simply a puppet of the United States and NATO as some believe .
Such simplifications mask a harder and crueler reality .
In the opinion of this writer , the 9/11 cover - up , rather than burying the Bush administration ’s alleged orchestration of the attacks ( the “ inside job ” thesis ) , concealed something far more sinister : U.S. imperialism ’s decades - long collaboration with Islamist extremists to achieve geopolitical advantage over their capitalist rivals .
As with neo -Nazi networks that were reconstituted by the West for war against their domestic leftist adversaries during the Cold War , al - Qaeda and related terror organizations will , at times , share limited tactical goals with the West , such as the destruction of secular , leftist opponents in the Middle East , or as a force for destabilization operations in target countries such as Iran , as investigative journalist Seymour Hersh has reported in The New Yorker .
That al - Qaeda has reconstituted its military - political - mafia structures along the Afghanistan - Pakistan borderlands and continues to attack targets across the region at will , is testament to the resilience of the organization and the appeal of its reactionary ideology .
There is a deadly irony here , since its murderous “ tradecraft ” was quite literally bequeathed to it by Western intelligence services and America ’s preeminent regional allies , Pakistan and Saudi Arabia .
The Bush Legacy
As far - right Republican party hordes gather in Minneapolis / St .
Paul for the coronation of their presidential candidates , reactionary Senator John McCain ( R - AZ ) and Alaska ’s Christian fundamentalist governor , Sarah Palin , the Bush regime ’s strategy of preemptive war is viciously playing out on the home front .
Salon ’s Glenn Greenwald reports ,
Protesters here in Minneapolis have been targeted by a series of highly intimidating , sweeping police raids across the city , involving teams of 25 - 30 officers in riot gear , with semi-automatic weapons drawn , entering homes of those suspected of planning protests , handcuffing and forcing them to lay on the floor , while law enforcement officers searched the homes , seizing computers , journals , and political pamphlets .
Last night , members of the St. Paul police department and the Ramsey County sheriff ’s department handcuffed , photographed and detained dozens of people meeting at a public venue to plan a demonstration , charging them with no crime other than “ fire code violations , ” and early this morning , the Sheriff ’s department sent teams of officers into at least four Minneapolis area homes where suspected protesters were staying .
( “ Massive Police Raids on Suspected Protesters in Minneapolis , ” Salon , August 30 , 2008 )
The raids were orchestrated by local law enforcement agencies with major assistance from various federal spy outfits such as the FBI , NSA and the Pentagon ’s own Northern Command ( NORTHCOM ) .
The raids are purely an intimidation tactic designed to squelch peaceful dissent by citizens outraged by Bushist policies throughout these long years of darkness .
Indeed , the Minneapolis Star Tribune reported that police and federal agencies utilized the “ services ” of informants and provocateurs in their targeting of the anarchist RNC Welcoming Committee .
Aided by informants planted in protest groups , authorities raided at least six buildings across St. Paul and Minneapolis to stop an “ anarchist ” plan to disrupt this week ’s Republican National Convention .
From Friday night through Saturday afternoon , officers surrounded houses , broke down doors , handcuffed scores of people and confiscated suspected tools of civil disobedience .
The show of force was led by the Ramsey County Sheriff ’s Office in collaboration with the FBI , Minneapolis and St. Paul police , the Hennepin County Sheriff ’s Office and other agencies .
( Heron Marquez Estrada , Bill McAuliffe and Abby Simons , “ Police Raids Enrage Activists , Alarm Others , ” Minneapolis Star Tribune , August 31 , 2008 )
The “ preemptive ” raids targeted activists , alternative media and lawyers on - scene .
All were handcuffed and forced to lie face - down , while SWAT teams and federal agents ransacked numerous homes in a quixotic hunt for “ weapons . ”
Greenwald avers , “ Targeting people with automatic - weapons - carrying SWAT teams and mass raids in their homes , who are suspected of nothing more than planning dissident political protests at a political convention and who have engaged in no illegal activity whatsoever , is about as redolent of the worst tactics of a police state as can be imagined . ”
After nearly eight years of massive surveillance and infiltration operations by the federal government across a multitude of federal agencies , often acting in cahoots with reenergized local “ red squads ” rebranded as Fusion Centers and Joint Terrorism Task Forces coordinated through the Office of National Intelligence , the mutant stepchildren of the FBI ’s COINTELPRO , the CIA ’s Operation CHAOS and the NSA ’s Project SHAMROCK have brought the “ war on terror ” home in a big way .
The Minneapolis City Pages reported back in May , that police and the FBI ’s Joint Terrorism Task Force were “ soliciting ” informants to keep tabs on local protest groups .
According to journalist Matt Snyders ’s account , FBI Special Agent Maureen A. Mazzola , flanked by a cop , attempted to recruit a University of Minnesota sophomore as a paid “ confidential informant . ”
While the student declined the feds ’ “ generous offer , ” the wider issue of recruiting Stasi - like moles to report “ suspicious activities ” by citizens exercising their constitutionally - guaranteed right to say “ NO ! ” cuts to the heart of the role of dissent in a democracy .
Outraged by the “ preemptive policing ” on display in Minneapolis , Glenn Greenwald comments on the virtual blackout by the corporate media , all - too - willing to criticize the actions of repressive government ’s thousands of miles away while silently acquiescing to the police state in full - bloom here at home .
So here we have a massive assault led by Federal Government law enforcement agencies on left - wing dissidents and protesters who have committed no acts of violence or illegality whatsoever , preceded by months - long espionage efforts to track what they do .
And as extraordinary as that conduct is , more extraordinary is the fact that they have received virtually no attention from the national media and little outcry from anyone .
And it ’s not difficult to see why .
As the recent “ overhaul ” of the 30 - year - old FISA law illustrated –preceded by the endless expansion of surveillance state powers , justified first by the War on Drugs and then the War on Terror–we ’ve essentially decided that we want our Government to spy on us without limits .
There is literally no police power that the state can exercise that will cause much protest from the political and media class and , therefore , from the citizenry .
( “ Federal Government Involved in Raid on Protesters , ” Salon , August 31 , 2008 )
As The New York Times reported , Bushist demands on Congress to “ affirm ” that the U.S. is at “ war ” with international terrorism , “ carries significant legal and public policy implications for Mr. Bush , and potentially his successor , to claim the imprimatur of Congress to use the tools of war , including detention , interrogation and surveillance , against the enemy , ” which as we see on a daily basis , is a war on our freedom to exist as individuals rather than as “ soldiers ” in an imperialist charade .
The Bushist proposal will provide the legal framework to assert broad executive power “ during a time of war , ” an interpretation of the commander in chief ’s presumed wartime powers that Justice Department lawyers secretly used to gin-up the illegal detention and torture of alleged terrorist suspects and the NSA ’s driftnet surveillance of Americans outside the rule of law .
As readers no doubt recall , the September 14 , 2001 congressional resolution known as the “ Authorization for Use of Military Force , ” still in effect , became the pseudo - legal justification for the worst excesses of the Bush regime .
But as former Reagan Justice Department official Bruce Fein told the Times , Congress should not “ give the administration the wartime language it seeks . ”
“ I do not believe that we are in a state of war whatsoever , ” Mr. Fein said .
“ We have an odious opponent that the criminal justice system is able to identify and indict and convict .
They ’re not a goliath .
Do n’t treat them that way . ”
The same can be said for the war criminals occupying high - office in the Bush administration and Congress .
I disagree with Mr. Fein on one salient point : we are indeed “ in a state of war . ”
However , it is a one - sided class war waged by a monstrous system of profit based on the exploitation of our living labor and ecocidal resource extraction by mafia - like associations known as multinational corporations .
Following a one week delay , the beta for SOCOM : Confrontation , the latest iteration of the long - standing PlayStation franchise , is now underway .
Press and pre-order patrons have begun to delve into the tight tactical action , while those who purchased the first issue of Qore will be joining the force on Friday .
And while the beta has been a bumpy one thus far , the game does play well for the most part ... once you can actually get into a match .
Out of the gate , the beta suffered from some pretty brutal connectivity problems , lag , and other " load related issues . "
My play time has been marred by long waits for entry into matches and some pretty mean bouts of lag and stuttering in - game .
Numerous accounts from other outlets have identified a number of problems , for which Sony and Slant Six Games have gone on the record to apologize .
" We are doing everything we can to resolve these issues as quickly as possible and you should see some improvements progressively over the next couple of days , " reads the entry on the official SOCOM blog .
The first of what will likely be many patches has already gone live today .
Of course , it is a beta for a reason .
Thankfully , looking past those issues , SOCOM proves to be a solid third - person shooter with some great community features .
Warhawk has long been the standard for organized multiplayer on the PlayStation 3 , but it appears that the title will quickly be passed to SOCOM when the game launches .
Even in beta , a number of key improvements already trump Incognito 's excellent title .
Expect to see this screen a lot if you 're in the beta .
For one , voice chat in the beta has been surprisingly excellent .
The new official PS3 headsets come with a special high quality mode that SOCOM will take advantage of , but even without them the voice chat is higher quality than any other PS3 titles .
Given that the game is so highly tactical and team - oriented , this is good news .
The clan options are also significantly more robust .
An integrated clan calendar allows clan leaders to create scheduled events which are pushed out to all members of the clan .
These events range from tournaments to clan matches and even open invitationals .
Clan leaders can also interact with other clan leaders to set up events for all the clan members involved .
Clans themselves can be heavily customized : all clan members have a shared uniform designed when the clan is created , in addition to a clan logo ; this distinguishes any and all clan members from " mercenaries and commandos , " which are players unaffiliated with any clan .
As for the game play itself , the game plays smoothly when a given room is running well .
If you 've played SOCOM before , there wo n't be very many surprises : interface improvements , customization options , and a more fully - featured clan system are the main draws here .
Should the beta continue to steadily improve connection - wise , SOCOM : Confrontation should be well worth the $ 59.99 price tag with the pack - in Bluetooth headset when the game launches October 17 .
Red squirrel colony faces extinction from deadly virus spread by grey cousins
Red squirrel numbers are plummeting at Formby due to the squirrelpox virus
One of Britain 's most famous colonies of red squirrels may have been wiped out by a deadly virus , scientists fear .
A wildlife survey of a National Trust reserve in Formby , Lancs is expected to show that the red squirrel population has plummeted to dangerously low levels .
The culprit is the squirrelpox virus - a fatal disease spread by grey squirrels and which is devastating the few remaining English red squirrels .
Hundreds of animals are thought to have died in the last few months at their former stronghold on the Sefton Coast , Formby and many more are unlikely to survive the winter .
The virus arrived in October last year .
Within six months the number of red squirrels .
In spring 2006 the reserve had around 1,000 red squirrels - a year later the number was down to 400 .
Steve White of the Lancashire Wildlife Trust said : ' If it was only 99 per cent lethal , then at least we would be looking at the possibility of a population of naturally resistant animals that could repopulate an area .
But there is no case of a squirrel in the wild ever recovering from it . '
Scientists used to assume that greys - introduced from America at the end of the 19th century - were wiping out the native red squirrels simply because they were stronger and mated for longer each year .
But a study at Newcastle University has shown that reds vanish up to 25 times more quickly in areas where the virus has a foothold .
Conservationists believe the red 's best hope is a squirrelpox vaccine .
However , it could be at least a decade before a safe drug is available .
Independent Media tours Soweto during Heritage Month
To mark the end of the Heritage Month celebrations Independent Media took some of its subscribers and staff on a Soweto tour .
By GottaLaff
Ooooops !
The fun starts at about :50 .
I heard him say this last night , and my jaw dropped .
Yet I have n't seen one mention of it anywhere .
In fact , the pundits have all been saying how there were no major gaffes .
Well , here 's one now !
Take Back the Flag is a patriotically progressive and optimistic political blog .
This project emerged from constant frustration of fear politics , smear tactics , and the abduction of patriotism and all related concepts by forces bent on preventing progress in America .
On July 3 , 2007 , suggestions to friends and family to proudly display the American flag on the Fourth of July were met with rebuke ; for the flag was seen as a symbol of support for the conservative agenda in America , including at the time , George W. Bush ’s reckless onslaughts across the globe .
The flag and patriotism imply no such thing , and any association must be dissolved .
America is a progressive nature , born from a fight against the unacceptable status quo .
Take Back the Flag is politically liberal , and the focus is supporting progressive policies and candidates while objecting to conservative principles .
Yet this position does not prevent criticism of the Democratic party , it ’s principles , or it ’s policies .
Comments are open on Take Back the Flag .
Participation is encouraged because restoring the flag as a symbol of progress , or at the least , a partisan - free symbol of America , takes a united effort .
Contact Take Back the Flag : info@takebacktheflag.com
Founded July 2007 by Aaron Robinson in Washington , D.C. , while a student at Washington University in St. Louis .
Congress has stood idly by while states have done the hard work of trying to make electronic voting more reliable .
Now the Senate is taking up a dangerous bill introduced by Senators Dianne Feinstein , Democrat of California , and Robert Bennett , Republican of Utah , that would make things worse in the name of reform .
If Congress will not pass a strong bill , it should apply the medical maxim : first , do no harm .
Voters cannot trust the totals reported by electronic voting machines ; they are too prone to glitches and too easy to hack .
In the last few years , concerned citizens have persuaded states to pass bills requiring electronic voting machines to use paper ballots or produce voter - verifiable paper records of every vote .
More than half of the states now have such laws .
There is still a need for a federal law , so voting is reliable in every state .
A good law would require that every vote in a federal election produce a voter - verifiable paper record , and it would mandate that the paper records be the official ballots .
It would impose careful standards for how these paper ballots must be “ audited , ” to verify that the tallies on the electronic machines are correct .
The Feinstein - Bennett bill does none of these .
It would permit states to verify electronic voting machines ’ results using electronic records rather than paper .
Verifying by electronic records  having one piece of software attest that another piece of software is honest  is not verifying at all .
The bill is also vague about rules for audits , leaving considerable room for mischief .
The timeline also is unacceptable .
States might be able to use unreliable machines through 2014 or longer .
“ One of the most appealing things is the variety of shapes , colours and sizes they come in . ”
Rory
Feminists may initially shake their heads wearily at the premise for Tony Davidson ’s new book One - Track Mind , which bears the subtitle “ a revealing insight into the obsessed minds of men ” , but should read on as it ’s actually surprisingly amusing .
The book contains photographs , taken all over the world , of objects that are reminiscent of breasts .
McCain daughter : ' No one knows what war is like other than my family '
RAW STORY
Published : Tuesday September 9 , 2008
Print This Email This " It 's not because John McCain does n't care " about the " anxiety " amongst Americans , Senator Obama said in his August 28th nomination speech at the end of the Democratic National Convention .
" It 's because John McCain does n't get it . "
A perceived " not getting it " on the part of Senator McCain has been a popular subject for Obama on the campaign trail .
" Obviously , I disagree , " McCain 's daughter Meghan told NBC's Meredith Vieira .
" Obviously I think my father gets it more than anyone . "
" I have two brothers serving in the military - - one that 's about to redeploy to Iraq , " she went on .
" My father 's obviously a famous war hero .
No one knows what war is like other than my family , period . "
The video below , as posted to YouTube , was broadcast on NBC's The Today Show on September 9 , 2008 .
Press Will Never Get To Ask Sarah Palin Any Questions , Because She 's Studying
' CIA helped draw up dodgy Iraq war dossier for No 10 '
Help : John Scarlett , chairman of the Joint Intelligence Committee , looked abroad for help with the ' dodgy ' dossier
Secret advice from a foreign power , thought to be America , helped to shape the dossier that said Saddam Hussein could attack within 45 minutes and set out the case for war in Iraq .
MI6 chief John Scarlett , then chairman of the Government 's Joint Intelligence Committee ( JIC ) , turned to the foreign country as final touches were put to the now discredited dossier , it has emerged .
The document , which the Government is accused of ‘ sexing up ’ in the weeks before it was made public , contained a string of claims that later proved false .
These included the warnings that Saddam could launch weapons of mass destruction ‘ within 45 minutes ’ and that it was ‘ beyond doubt ’ that he was developing nuclear weapons .
Both claims were the key to convincing the public and Parliament of the threat posed by Iraq and were essential to putting together the legal case for war .
Now it has been revealed that Mr Scarlett canvassed foreign help – which sources claim came from America 's CIA – in the days before the dossier was published .
The disclosure is contained in the Government 's arguments about why it cannot reveal further details of the discussions that led to the erroneous contents of the final document .
On September 16 , 2002 , a week before the dossier was published , Mr Scarlett sent members of the JIC a draft copy of the report .
In an accompanying note he wrote : ‘ The text is still subject to further revision depending on your comments ...’
But the rest of this key sentence was blacked out by Government censors when it was about to be made public by the Hutton Inquiry , the judicial probe into the affair .
Now the Government has told the Information Commissioner Richard Thomas that the second half of the sentence cannot be revealed because it would damage Britain 's relations with a foreign state , making its disclosure exempt under the Freedom of Information Act .
This is the first direct admission by the Government that Mr Scarlett showed the draft to a foreign power and asked for its input as the JIC , which includes the heads of MI5 , MI6 and the GCHQ spy centre , was giving its final approval to the report .
Disclosure : Information Commissioner Richard Thomas has ordered parts of the dossier be released
The disclosure came last week as Mr Thomas dismissed much of the rest of the Government 's case that comments made by officials during the drafting process could not be revealed on national security grounds .
The move came after a three - year battle to make the comments public under the Freedom of Information Act .
The Government now has several weeks to release the material or make a further appeal to the Information Tribunal .
Mr Thomas has ordered the disclosure of material that could provide ‘ evidence that the dossier was manipulated to present an exaggerated case ’ .
It has previously been revealed that Tony Blair ’s spin-doctor Alastair Campbell suggested 11 changes to the draft which were all adopted .
The debate over the dossier led to a furious row between the Government and BBC after it reported that the material had been manipulated .
Government weapons inspector Dr David Kelly killed himself after being named as the source of quotes used by then BBC journalist Andrew Gilligan claiming the Government had ‘ sexed up ’ the dossier .
This led to the setting up of the Hutton Inquiry , which cleared the Government while the BBC was strongly criticised , leading to the resignation of the BBC ’s chairman and director - general .
A book by journalist Bob Woodward , who helped expose the Watergate scandal , says the CIA warned Britain against using the ‘ 45 - minute ’ claim .
Then CIA Director George Tenet referred to it as the ‘ they - can- attack - in- 45 - minutes s***’.
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) --
The historic proposal to have the government take the toxic waste off of the balance sheets of U.S. financial institution will balloon the federal deficit and alter the economic landscape , analysts said .
The cherished economic plans of the two presidential candidates will be derailed .
Bond yields could rise , curbing economic activity , and foreign investors may grow concerned that the Federal Reserve will inflate its way out of the mess .
The proposal sent to Congress on Friday by Treasury secretary Henry Paulson call for the authority to buy souring assets from financial firms and could cost as much as $ 700 billion .
This would dwarf all previous bailouts .
The savings and loan crisis , where more than 1,000 thrifts failed with more than $ 500 billion in assets , ended up costing the government $ 125 billion , according to a recent paper by economist at the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp .
The government also made a small profit of its $ 1.2 billion loan guarantees to Chrysler Corp .
Amrtrak has received $ 24 billion from the federal government since its creation in 1971
Where will the money come to buy the mortgage - paper ?
The funds are going to be borrowed by Treasury and it will be repaid over decades by taxpayers .
As a result , the deficit for next year , fiscal 2009 that starts October 1 , is likely to jump to an eye - popping record range of $ 800 billion to one trillion dollars , according to Stan Collender , a long - time budget analyst .
Earlier this month , before the government nationalized Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac and the giant American Insurance Group , the Congressional Budget Office forecast the deficit would rise to $ 438 billion next year .
For 2008 fiscal year , which ends at the end of the month , the CBO forecasts a $ 407 billion deficit .
The war in Iraq is costing roughly $ 180 billion per year .
The price tag on the war is approaching $ 800 billion , Collender said .
All of this spending will crowd out private investment , some economists said .
And it comes at a time when Congress must also take steps to close the gap between revenues and promised benefits for Medicare and Social Security .
But some economists argued that the high cost was better than the alternative .
" I am convinced that this bold approach will cost American families far less than the alternative , which would be a continuing series of financial institution failures and frozen credit markets unable to fund economic expansion , " said Neil Soss , chief economist at Credit Suisse Holdings USA in a conference call with clients Friday .
Some of the mortgages bought by the government will show good value over time , reducing the ultimate cost .
" The fiscal cost need not be overwhelming ... if prices of many assets were depressed by the liquidity crisis below their likely long - run value , it is possible for the government to acquire large volume of such assets and earn a positive return , " noted economists from Citigroup in a note to clients .
But the increase in borrowing could change the dynamics in the bond market .
Avery Shenfeld , economist at CIBC World Markets , said that bonds may sell off because of the equivalent of more than $ 1 trillion in net issuance to deal with next year 's deficit and financing these asset purchases .
Wholesome Beauty : Actress Katie Holmes arrives for the In Style magazine and Warner Bros. party after the 61st Annual Golden Globe Awards on Sunday , January 25 , 2004 , in Beverly Hills , California .
A recent study published in the Archives of Internal Medicine reported that not all overweight people are necessarily at higher risk for cardiovascular diseases .
This is being translated into headlines like , " Fit and Fat : Study Shows It 's Possible . "
Of course it 's possible ; doctors have known for many years that not everyone who is overweight is unhealthy .
A person 's overall fitness is more important to his or her health than numbers on the scale .
For example , most professional football players would be considered overweight , yet they are healthier than average because of their level of fitness .
But the problem is that most Americans are n't like professional football players .
Most Americans — fat or thin — are not eating healthy diets , nor are they getting enough exercise .
Physically active people are both fitter and thinner than people who do not exercise regularly .
Researchers caution that the recent study does not show that being overweight is healthy ; in fact , fat people had twice the heart risk as thin people .
Is big beautiful ?
There 's also of course a social element to obesity .
As a nation we keep getting fatter , and for some people that 's not a bad thing .
Fat - acceptance groups and activists have tried for years to encourage the idea that fat is sexy .
Countless books with titles like " Fat Chicks Rule ! " and " Embracing Your Fat Ass " promote the message that big is beautiful .
While their empowerment message is mixed ( it 's good to have a positive self - image , but accepting your extra weight may take years off your life ) , the truth is that the effort has failed .
While there is anti-fat bias in the media , anti-thin bias exists as well : Celebrities such as Angelina Jolie , the Olsen twins , and Lindsay Lohan have been regularly mocked and criticized for their thinness .
On late night talk shows you are far more likely to hear a joke about how thin Nicole Richie is than a fat joke about how heavy Queen Latifah is .
Ideals of beauty change somewhat over time , but the simple fact is that proponents of plus - size preference have failed to convince America that fat is beautiful .
They have tried for years to make fat as sexy as thin .
It 's no secret that thin people are considered more attractive than fat people .
But thin will always be in , for a few simple reasons .
Supply and demand
The first is simple supply and demand .
This is pretty easy to grasp — things that are rare ( whether diamonds , Picassos , or people with extraordinary sports ability ) tend to be more highly valued than things that are common .
In our culture ( and in many others around the world ) , the vast majority of people are overweight or obese .
Because the average person is overweight , thinner people are by definition rarer , and therefore more in demand .
And the fatter our country gets , the more valued thin people will be , based on body shape alone .
This is n't a value judgment of worth , it 's basic economics .
There 's also an evolutionary perspective .
At one point in our evolution , people who were heavier than average were prized as mates , clearly having access to food and resources .
That is no longer true , and today obesity is instead a strong predictor of health problems ; the person of normal weight is , on average , healthier than his or her overweight counterpart .
All animals , including humans , choose partners partly ( if subconsciously ) on reproductive fitness : will this person be healthy enough to carry on my genes ?
Note that this bias also works against very thin people .
Men are less attracted to unhealthily thin women for the same reason .
Studies done by researcher Devendra Singh show that when men are asked to rate the attractiveness of silhouettes of womens ' bodies , they overwhelmingly pick the silhouette corresponding with the healthiest weight for women — not too thin , not too fat .
Of course , body shape is only one factor of many , and most overweight people find happiness and love .
Being thin is no guarantee of being happy , attractive , or healthy .
But , like it or not , there is — and always will be — an advantage to being thin .
Benjamin Radford is managing editor of the Skeptical Inquirer science magazine .
He wrote about the media and pop culture in his book " Media Mythmakers : How Journalists , Activists , and Advertisers Mislead Us . "
His books , films , and other projects can be found on his website .
CS4 : Sweating the Details
I ’m a perfectionist , and I deeply , viscerally want to smooth & polish every aspect of Photoshop .
Doing it all in any one cycle is impossible , but I ’m proud to say we ’ve put a ton of effort into sweating the details in CS4 .
You ’re going to see tons of flashier features in other write - ups , and of course I ’ll cover them here , but for this cycle I want to lead with the little stuff –things you might not read about otherwise , but which can make a big difference while working .
Read on for the details .
Display & navigation :
Smooth pixel rendering at any zoom level ( via new OpenGL support )
at any zoom level ( via new OpenGL support )
Bird ’s - Eye View for fast navigation of high - res documents ; detailed explanation to follow
for fast navigation of high - res documents ; detailed explanation to follow Flick panning ( aka " Hand - tossed pixels " ) for quicker navigation of high - res documents
( aka " Hand - tossed pixels " ) for quicker navigation of high - res documents Support for multi- touch gestures on MacBook Air / MacBook Pro
Interface :
Support for tabbed document viewing and quick N - up ( 2 - up , 3 - up , etc. ) window reconfiguration
and quick ( 2 - up , 3 - up , etc. ) window reconfiguration Support for using miniaturized panel groups on secondary monitors .
( The term " panel " now replaces " palette " throughout the Suite . )
.
( The term " panel " now replaces " palette " throughout the Suite . )
Ability to set the color of each screen mode separately ( in a way that ’s now actually discoverable by humans )
Ability to have no border around an image ( useful for soft proofing in conjunction with custom background colors ; call it the Stephen Johnson Feature )
( useful for soft proofing in conjunction with custom background colors ; call it the Stephen Johnson Feature )
Flash panels enable a dramatically more configurable working environment , especially when used with the forthcoming Configurator utility app .
enable a dramatically , especially when used with the forthcoming Configurator utility app .
Return to three " F " screen modes ( vs. CS3 ’s four )
( vs. CS3 ’s four ) Application frame ( optional on Mac for those who want more managed document / window handling )
( optional on Mac for those who want more managed document / window handling )
Improved automatic scrolling when zoomed in near image edges
Keyboard shortcuts :
Spring - loaded keys :
Switch from any tool to any other temporarily by holding down the other tool ’s key .
For example , you can hold " R " to invoke the new Rotate View Tool , drag on the canvas to rotate , and release R to jump back to the Brush or whatever other tool you were using .
: Switch from any tool to any other temporarily by holding down the other tool ’s key .
For example , you can hold " R " to invoke the new Rotate View Tool , drag on the canvas to rotate , and release R to jump back to the Brush or whatever other tool you were using .
Cmd-~ ( tilde ) is now assigned to switching among open documents , as is Ctrl - Tab , meaning Photoshop is now consistent with both Mac and Windows conventions
, as is Ctrl - Tab , meaning Photoshop is now consistent with both Mac and Windows conventions Cmd - 1 is now assigned to 100 % zoom , as it is in Illustrator , Flash , and other apps
, as it is in Illustrator , Flash , and other apps Single - letter keyboard shortcuts for video , meaning you can navigate through time using just one hand while painting with the other
Ability to delete layers via the Delete key when any tool is selected .
In CS2 and CS3 you had to have the Move tool active , leading to the " V - delete " convention .
Color correction & compositing :
Photoshop now emphasizes non-destructive techniques via a new Adjustments panel , making it faster and easier to browse & edit adjustments
, making it faster and easier to browse & edit adjustments Curves , Hue / Saturation , and Black & White feature an on - canvas adjustment tool that enables you to click a region of the image , then drag to adjust just the targeted tonal / color range .
that enables you to click a region of the image , then drag to adjust just the targeted tonal / color range .
Support for Vibrance adjustment ( introduced previously in Camera Raw / Lightroom ) for smarter saturation adjustments
adjustment ( introduced previously in Camera Raw / Lightroom ) for smarter saturation adjustments Improved Color Range selection tools
selection tools Improved Dodge , Burn , and Sponge tools : Dodge & Burn do a better job of preserving tones while Sponge uses the Vibrance algorithm
tools : Dodge & Burn do a better job of preserving tones while Sponge uses the Vibrance algorithm Ability to adjust the density ( opacity ) of a layer mask
Ability to add non-destructive feathering to a layer mask
to a layer mask CUDO support : Photoshop ’s soft proofing features can simulate color blindness , making it easier to create accessible signage and other artwork .
( Illustrator offers the same functionality . )
Metadata :
Better copyright preservation controls through Save for Web
controls through Save for Web Unique IDs generated / stored per document ( to enable easier asset tracking downstream )
generated / stored per document ( to enable easier asset tracking downstream ) Layer - based metadata : PSD files now include timestamps that indicate when each layer was edited ( thanks to the Pixar guys for suggesting this ) , and scripts / Flash panels can read / write metadata on a per-layer basis ; more on what that means soon .
: PSD files now include timestamps that indicate when each layer was edited ( thanks to the Pixar guys for suggesting this ) , and scripts / Flash panels can read / write metadata on a per-layer basis ; more on what that means soon .
Extensible , Flash - based File Info ( enabling developers to add network - stored keywords , spellchecking , etc. ) ; a cool in - house demo lets Photoshop and Bridge display Google / Yahoo / Microsoft maps for geotagged images .
Painting & retouching
Smoother painting performance
Drag - resizing cursors :
Hold down modifier keys to resize a brush and / or change its hardness by clicking and dragging
: Hold down modifier keys to resize a brush and / or change its hardness by clicking and dragging Live under - cursor preview for cloning / healing ( a la Vanishing Point )
for cloning / healing ( a la Vanishing Point )
Pixel grid view :
At zoom levels greater than 500 % , Photoshop will optionally display a faint grid that makes it easier to edit pixels precisely .
: At zoom levels greater than 500 % , Photoshop will optionally display a faint grid that makes it easier to edit pixels precisely .
When working with pressure - sensitive drawing tablets , Photoshop now supports more than 256 levels of pressure input
Eyedropper option to sample all layers or just the current layer
to sample all layers or just the current layer Flash panels will enable the creation of non-modal ( panel - based ) color pickers ; here ’s one you can download .
Smart Object enhancements :
Layer masks can now stay linked to Smart Objects while moving / transforming the objects .
Sorry that it took a while .
while moving / transforming the objects .
Sorry that it took a while .
Perspective transform :
You can now apply non-uniform transforms to pixel - based SOs ( non-destructively , of course ) .
Filters / Plug-Ins :
Adobe Pixel Bender plug - in for fast filters , enabling more modern versions of operations like Radial Blur
Miscellaneous :
Ability to delete multiple channels at once .
( Not paths this time ; sorry . )
. ( Not paths this time ; sorry . )
Stroke color now defaults to black ( hey , do n’t ask me , but people said they ’d like it changed )
( hey , do n’t ask me , but people said they ’d like it changed )
Kuler panel enables creation of color harmonies , download / upload between Photoshop and kuler.adobe.com .
enables creation of color harmonies , download / upload between Photoshop and kuler.adobe.com .
Automatic detection & correction of vignetting & fisheye distortion during panorama creation
during panorama creation “ Share My Screen ” command under file menu enables quick , free screen sharing with up to two other participants ( same in other CS4 apps ; great for quick reviews with clients , art directors , etc . )
under file menu enables quick , free screen sharing with up to two other participants ( same in other CS4 apps ; great for quick reviews with clients , art directors , etc . )
The Pen tool now defaults to drawing paths ( instead of filled shape layers ) , while the various shape tools continue to default to drawing filled shapes
Support for brushes up to 1500px in Liquify ( up from a previous limit of 600 px )
( up from a previous limit of 600 px ) Support for sampling color from fill layers ( solid color , gradient , pattern )
Printing & color management :
16 - bit printing ( Mac only ; requires OS X 10.5 )
( Mac only ; requires OS X 10.5 ) Support for printing larger documents ( > 30,000 pixels )
( >30,000 pixels )
More automated print output enabled via increased scripting support
Support for Device Link color profiles
color profiles Support for abstract color profiles
Support for N - color / multichannel imaging
Support for scene - referred color profiles ( useful with After Effects CS4 )
Video :
Thanks to OpenGL , PS offers much smoother display of non-square pixels
Export and preview audio
Export comments
As noted above , single - key shortcuts enable more efficient navigation among frames
Posted by John Nack at 11:54 PM on September 22 , 2008
2000
NOVEMBER Election fiasco ; Sandra Day O’Connor gripes that a Gore win would ruin her retirement plans .
• Thousands of people are wrongly turned away from the polls in Florida due to a flawed voter “ purge ” list produced by a private company ; many have names that bear slight similarities to those of felons .
Bush wins Florida by 537 votes .
DECEMBER Supreme Court :
We have a winner !
2001
JANUARY
Would - be labor secretary Linda Chavez revealed to have hired an illegal immigrant .
• Ousting Saddam Hussein discussed at first national security meeting .
FEBRUARY Dick Cheney secretly meets with oil executives to write energy policy .
MARCH
Bush nixes new standards for arsenic in drinking water .
MAY FEMA chief Joe Allbaugh says the administration plans to privatize many of FEMA ’s functions .
Meanwhile , FEMA planners report a strong hurricane hitting New Orleans is “ among the three likeliest , most catastrophic disasters facing this country . ”
AUGUST
Bush ’s monthlong vacation interrupted by intel briefing : Osama bin Laden “ determined to strike in US . ” SEPTEMBER
Terrorists attack ; “ The Pet Goat ” is immortalized .
• White House pressures epa to downplay risks of breathing at ground zero .
• Bush : “ This crusade , this war on terrorism , is going to take awhile . ”
NOVEMBER Bin Laden escapes from Tora Bora .
DECEMBER Attorney General John Ashcroft : Administration critics “ give ammunition to America ’s enemies . ”
• Enron collapses ; Bush disavows “ Kenny Boy ” Lay .
• White House begins planning the invasion of Iraq .
2002
JANUARY Gitmo ’s grand opening ; Bush says Geneva Conventions do n’t apply there .
FEBRUARY
Pentagon says it ’s closing its fake - news operation ; Donald Rumsfeld later says it ’s still running .
MARCH
White House asks nsa to start warrantless wiretaps .
• Bush says he ’s “ not that concerned ” about finding bin Laden .
AUGUST Justice Dept. lawyers draft the “ torture memo . ”
SEPTEMBER Condoleezza
Rice warns , “ We do n’t want the smoking gun to be a mushroom cloud . ” NOVEMBER GOP jams Democratic phones in New Hampshire election ; White House is tied to one of the jammers .
• After fighting creation of 9/11 Commission , Bush names Henry Kissinger to head it .
( He lasts 2 weeks . )
DECEMBER FEMA head Allbaugh resigns .
In 2003 , he is replaced by his pal Michael Brown , who had been fired from his previous job at the International Arabian Horse Association .
2003
JANUARY
In State of the Union , Bush cites “ sexed up ” British dossier saying Iraq sought uranium from Niger .
The prez “ is not a fact - checker , ” official later explains .
FEBRUARY Colin Powell presents phony Iraq intel at the un .
• Gigolo - turned - reporter Jeff Gannon gets a White House press pass .
MARCH US invades Iraq .
Bush says it comes down to the “ single question ” of wmd .
Update : still looking …
• FEMA is downgraded and folded into the Department of Homeland Security .
• Halliburton wins $ 7 billion , 5 - year , no - bid contract in Iraq .
APRIL Pentagon pumps up rescue of Pfc. Jessica Lynch ; she later says its tale was “ hype . ”
• Rumsfeld on looting in Baghdad : “ Stuff happens . ” MAY Mission Accomplished !
JUNE Janet Rehnquist , the inspector general for the Department of Health and Human Services , resigns .
She delayed an audit of Florida ’s retirement system on behalf of Jeb Bush , then running for reelection as governor of Florida .
JULY
Bush dares Iraqi insurgents : “ Bring ’em on . ”
• Joseph Wilson blows the whistle on phony wmd claim ; his wife , Valerie Plame Wilson , is outed as an undercover cia officer .
Bush says he ’ll fire the leaker .
SEPTEMBER Congress defunds Total Information Awareness .
Fast - forward to 2008 : The NSA is doing everything tia had planned to .
2004
MARCH
At the Radio and Television Correspondents ’ Association dinner , Bush mocks his administration ’s inability to find Saddam ’s nonexistent WMD : “ Those weapons of mass destruction have got to be somewhere . ”
APRIL Abu Ghraib photos leaked ; Bush says he ’ll “ make sure this does n’t happen again . ”
• Pat Tillman killed by friendly fire in Afghanistan ; Pentagon spins the story 180 degrees .
• White House bans photos of soldiers ’ flag - draped coffins .
MAY GAO reports the White House illegally created fake news reports to promote its Medicare bill .
JUNE
Two years later , Cheney is still pushing bogus link between Saddam and Al Qaeda .
SEPTEMBER
The Justice Department admits its 2003 prosecution of a “ terror cell ” in Detroit was filled with “ mistakes and oversights , ” asks for the convictions to be overturned .
OCTOBER
Unsolved mystery :
What was the bulge on Bush ’s back during the presidential debates ?
NOVEMBER Coalition Provisional Authority comptroller nabbed for taking $ 1 million in bribes .
Fast - forward to 2008 : $ 15 billion in US funds have gone mia in Iraq .
DECEMBER Bernard Kerik named to head Dept. of Homeland Security .
Too bad about the sketchy friends and ground zero love nest !
• Bush gives Presidential Medal of Freedom to ex-Iraq proconsul Paul Bremer and ex- cia chief George “ Slam Dunk ” Tenet .
2005
JANUARY USA Today reports that Armstrong Williams got $ 240 K to shill for No Child Left Behind .
MARCH
Bush cuts vacation short to keep Terri Schiavo ( and Jeb ’s career ) alive .
• New York Times reports that TV stations aired hundreds of administration - made “ video news releases ” as news .
JUNE Former lobbyist Philip Cooney quits White House Council on Environmental Quality — after editing global warming out of reports .
• A New Orleans newspaper reports that the local district of the US Army Corps of Engineers is facing a record cut in federal funding .
AUGUST Hurricane Katrina slams New Orleans .
As storm approaches , fema staff is told to stand down ; Wal - Mart delivers relief supplies .
fema chief Michael Brown emails colleagues about how he looks on TV : “ I am a fashion god ” ; he resigns 2 weeks later .
SEPTEMBER
Bush says no one thought the levees would break ; video later shows he as warned about it .
OCTOBER Harriet Miers spends 24 days as Supreme Court nominee .
• Bush ’s deputy attorney general nominee Timothy Flanigan withdraws his name over his connections to Republican lobbyist Jack Abramoff and torture memo .
• OSHA finds high levels of formaldehyde in fema trailers ; more than 100,000 storm victims are housed in them anyway .
NOVEMBER
Oil execs lie to Congress about secret meetings with Cheney .
2006
JANUARY Republican lobbyist Jack Abramoff pleads guilty to corruption .
Bush : “ I do n’t know him . ”
Abramoff : “ Perhaps he has forgotten everything . ” FEBRUARY
Cheney shoots hunting pal in the face .
Victim apologizes .
• NASA aide George Deutsch resigns ; had gagged top climate scientist .
( See Return of the Geeks . )
APRIL
Six retired generals say Rumsfeld should step down ; Bush : “ I ’m the decider . ”
• Boston Globe uncovers Bush ’s signing - statement mania — now up to more than 1,100 .
MAY CIA head Porter Goss suddenly resigns ; so does his No. 3 , Kyle “ Dusty ” Foggo , later indicted for bribery .
JUNE David Safavian , former head of the Office of Federal Procurement Policy at the Office of Management and Budget , is convicted of lying to investigators about his ties to Abramoff .
AUGUST Roger Stillwell , an Interior Department official , pleads guilty to failing to report hundreds of dollars of gifts from Abramoff .
Stillwell regulated the Northern Mariana Islands , where Abramoff ’s corporate clients wanted to keep sweatshop wages low .
OCTOBER Ex-FDA chief Lester Crawford pleads guilty to hiding stock in the companies he regulated .
NOVEMBER
Bush before midterm elections : Rumsfeld is n’t going anywhere ; one day after the vote : I lied — Rummy ’s outta here .
DECEMBER
Seven US attorneys are asked to resign for not being , in the words of a top Justice official , “ loyal Bushies . ”
2007
FEBRUARY Washington
Post finds roaches , mouse poop , neglect , and PO ’d wounded vets at Walter Reed .
MARCH Ex-Interior No. 2 J. Steven Griles pleads guilty to Abramoff - related obstruction .
• Congress looks into Rove aide ’s pro- gop campaign briefings to federal employees .
• Chinese import scare reveals lax oversight .
( See The Chinavore ’s Dilemma . )
Cheney aide “ Scooter ” Libby is convicted of lying ; Bush commutes his sentence .
APRIL White House says 5 million emails may be “ lost . ”
( See Control , Delete , Escape . )
• AG Alberto Gonzales testifies before Congress , says “ I do n’t recall ” 64 times .
MAY Iraq
War architect Paul Wolfowitz resigns as World Bank head after giving perks to his in - house girlfriend .
• Terrorist watch list now has 755,000 names .
Former doj official Monica Goodling admits that politics played a role in hiring and firing .
• Bush nominates James W. Holsinger Jr. for surgeon general .
Holsinger thinks gay people can be “ cured . ”
He is never confirmed .
JUNE
Cheney discovered trying to dodge oversight by claiming he ’s not part of the executive branch .
JULY
The Washington Post reports that a Bush political appointee with no “ background or expertise in medicine or public health ” kept secret a 2006 surgeon general ’s report because it “ did not promote the administration ’s policy accomplishments . ”
AUGUST
The Washington Post reports that the administration ’s vaunted terrorist screening database flagged 20,000 people in 2007 but produced very few arrests .
• Red Cross says CIA ’s secret prisons use methods “ tantamount to torture , ” violate international law .
Gonzales steps down .
NOVEMBER
The Fish and Wildlife Service announces that seven decisions made by Julie MacDonald , the former deputy assistant secretary for Fish , Wildlife and Parks , will be reversed .
MacDonald , a civil engineer , had ignored the advice of staff scientists when issuing her decisions , which prevented endangered species from receiving higher levels of legal protection .
DECEMBER State Dept. Inspector General Howard “ Cookie ” Krongard resigns after being accused of going easy on Blackwater — where brother “ Buzzy ” was on the advisory board .
• Congressional Democrats call for an investigation into cia ‘s destruction of waterboarding videotapes .
• John Tanner resigns as head of the Department of Justice ’s Civil Rights Division ’s voting section .
Tanner ’s colleagues accuse him of “ institutional sabotage , ” for allegedly suppressing minority election turnout .
2008
Thanks to Robert Louis Stevenson , who wrote a poem about it , and Bruce Williams , who started brewing it commercially 15 years ago , heather ale is now firmly associated with Scotland .
But in fact the Irish have just as great a claim to be the home of heather ale , with good evidence that it was brewed in Ireland and exactly the same folk myths found in Ireland about “ the most delicious drink the world has ever known ” and the father and son who died to keep its recipe a secret that are also found in Scotland – though with one fascinating difference in the protagonists .
In almost all the Scottish versions of the legend of heather ale , including Robert Louis Stevenson ’s 19th century poem on the story , the people who know the secret of brewing heather ale were the Picts , the mysterious people , perhaps Celtic , perhaps not , speakers of an unidentified language , who inhabited the northern and north - eastern parts of Caledonia from pre-Roman times until their lands were conquered from the west by the kingdom of the Scots under Kenneth mac Alpin around 843AD .
In the usual telling of the story , a father and son are captured by the Scots after a tremendous battle when all the rest of the Picts have been killed .
The king of the Scots tells the Pictish pair they can go free , if they tell him the secret of brewing the heather ale .
The father says he will tell , but they will have to kill his son first , as the son will otherwise kill the father for revealing the great secret of heather ale to another race .
The son is then killed by the Scots : but the father just laughs at them , saying they have done what he wanted .
His son might have revealed the secret to save his life , but he , the father , never will .
The recipe thus dies with the last of the Picts .
The Irish versions , of which around 200 have been collected , are almost identical , except that the race with the secret of brewing heather ale is almost always not the Picts , but the Vikings .
The Irish knew who the Picts were , since several Pictish tribes lived in Antrim and Armagh in Ulster .
The Irish called them , and their Scottish brothers and sisters , Cruíthin , the Irish or Q - Celtic version of the British or P - Celtic name for the Picts , Priten .
( Which is , incidentally , probably the source of the name Britain ) .
So why did the Vikings become the heroes of the legend of heather ale in Ireland , when it was the Picts in Scotland ?
The answer may be that there was no tradition of the Irish Picts being wiped out , while there was a strong folk recollection in Ireland of a massive defeat for the Vikings .
Many of the Irish tales about heather ale feature the last big clash involving the Irish and the Vikings , the battle of Clontarf , just outside Dublin , in AD 1014 .
The battle is traditionally presented as a victory for the Irish under their High King , Brian Boru , over the Viking invaders of Ireland .
In fact both sides were a mixture of Irish and Viking warriors , with Brian ’s army containing his own Viking allies from places such as Limerick as well as Irish warriors from Munster and elsewhere , while his opponents , who were fighting to resist the High King ’s domination rather than trying to impose their own , were an alliance of Dublin Vikings and Irishmen from Leinster .
But as far as folk memory is concerned , the Gael defeated the Gaul , or foreigner .
In all the tales in Irish the heather ale is called bheóir Lochlannach , Lochlann being the Irish for Viking , and the phrase is always translated as “ Viking beer ” .
But there is another mystery here .
The Irish words for ale , or beer , were cuirm or lionn .
The word beóir must come from the Old Norse word bjórr .
But bjórr and its Old English equivalent , beór , are what linguists call “ false friends ” .
They almost certainly do n’t mean “ beer ” in the modern sense of a fermented malt liquor , but a strong , sweet , honey or honey - and - fruit drink : 10th century Anglo - Saxon glossaries gave beór as the equivalent of “ ydromellum ” , hydromel , or mead , while cervisia , beer in Latin , was translated as eala , “ ale ” .
It seems quite likely , therefore , that bheóir Lochlannach was a heather - flavoured mead or something similar , perhaps even a heather - flavoured cider , rather than a heather - flavoured beer .
One of the fullest accounts of the story of “ heath ale ” , ( “ heath ” being another name for ling heather ) appeared in the Ulster Journal of Archaeology in 1859 .
It was written by John Locke , who said he was told the tale by a peasant living in Cork in 1847 who claimed to be nearly 100 years old , and who said he got the story from his grandfather , which would take us to at least the late 1600s .
Locke recounted the story of an elderly Danish Viking captured with , this time , two sons after the battle of Clontarf , who conned the Irish into killing his sons and was then killed himself for refusing to divulge the secret of bheóir Lochlannach .
Locke ’s peasant informant told him that the flavouring for bheóír Lochlannach was wood avens or Herb Bennet ( Geum urbanum ) , called minarthagh in Irish .
The type of heather used for bheóír Lochlannach , he said was ling ( Calluna vulgaris ) , which is actually known in some parts of Ireland as Viking heather , fraoch Lochlannach .
( Fraoch is pronounced “ free ” , as in Yeats ’s poem “ The Lake Island of Inishfree ” – “ I must away and go now / and go to Inishfree ” .
Inishfree is Inis Fraoch , Heather Island in Irish .
Now tell me – d’ye get this sort of literary trivia in any other beer blog ?
I think not …)
Bheóír Lochlannach , Locke said , was made from a wort derived from steeping ling in water .
Some Irish versions of the legends say tormentil , or bloodroot , Potentilla tormentilla , also went into bheóír Lochlannach .
Tormentil , a small plant with yellow flowers , a member of the rose family , has bitter - tasting roots which will cause vomiting if taken to excess but which , at the same time , smell pleasantly of roses
The heather ale story excites folklorists because of its underlying theme , captive fools captors into killing his companion to preserve secret .
This is the same as the theme found in one of the Norse Eddas and the Germanic Niebelungenlied , and turned into the opera Das Rheingold by the 19th century composer Richard Wagner ; except that the secret Attila , the king of the Huns , wanted to get from Gunnar the Niebelung was the whereabouts of the Rhine gold , rather than the recipe for a decent beer .
Which tale came first , the story of the Rheingold or the story of the heather ale ?
A tradition of brewing with heather seems to have lived on in Ireland after the Vikings vanished .
The Victorian journalist John Bickerdyke , in Curiosities of Ale and Beer , written in 1889 , said that “ as later as the commencement of this century ” , that is , around 1801 , “ an ale flavoured with heather … was brewed in many parts of Ireland .
The practice , it is believed , is now almost if not quite extinct . ”
The method , Bickerdyke said , was to let the wort drain through heather blossoms placed at the bottom of tubs , so that during its passage the wort gains “ a peculiar and agreeable flavour ” .
An earlier writer , Samuel Morewood in 1838 said that “ a few years ago ” men digging a watercourse in County Limerick found a mill and “ a portion of brewing materials .
together with some cakes of bread and heather , concealed in the position where they were left by the Danes . ”
Morewood said that “ it was also stated that a book or manuscript containing the receipt for the making of heather - beer had been found at the same time , but that it was clandestinely taken away . ”
This manuscript , if it ever existed , has not been seen since .
It seems unlikely that it was as old as the Danes , though , and it must be more probable that this was a modern , albeit illicit brewer whose kit was uncovered .
England had a faint tradition of heather ale brewing , though the legend of the lost recipe is almost completely unknown .
John Bickerdyke in Curiosities … quoted a manuscript owned by the Duke of Northumberland at Hexham that described a large trough cut from solid rock at Rudchester , or Vindovala ( which he erroneously calls Kutchester ) on Hadrian ’s Wall , a mile west of Heddon .
The local Northumbrian peasants , the manuscript said , had a tradition “ that the Romans made a beverage somewhat like beer , of the bells of heather , and that this trough was used in the process of making it . ”
Since Bickerdyke ’s time , findings at a Roman fort near the wall , Vindolanda , have shown that the Romans did indeed brew ale at this northern extremity of their empire .
However , the trough , hewn out of grey sandstone and ten feet long , which was still at Rudchester farm in 1974 , has been identified by archaeologists as a sacrificial bath from one of the many temples that once stood around the fort , not a stone mash tun .
In Yorkshire , according to Bickerdyke , home brewers in his time made a beer called “ gale beer ” flavoured with “ the blossoms of a species of heather found growing on the moors in that part of the country . ”
But the main flavouring ingredient in gale ale must have been sweet gale or bog myrtle , Myrica gale .
The antiquarian Robert Plot said in 1686 that about Shenstone in Staffordshire “ they frequently used Erica vulgaris [ that is , Calluna vulgaris ] , heath or ling instead of hopps to preserve their beer , which gave it no ill taste . ”
I have also seen hints , but nothing definite , that heather ale was brewed in Devon .
At any rate , with the greatest respect to the Williams Brothers ’ Fraoch Heather Ale , which is certainly in my list of top 50 beers , heather ale – entirely Scots it ain’t .
Cars Fried in Barbecue Blaze How Not to Cook Sausages
Two German men caused  30,000 worth of damage in an ill - fated attempt to barbecue sausages on their balcony .
For a lesson in how not to do it , read on .
Endoskeleton Skull from The Terminator and T2 [ best action movie ever ! ] has been turned into a DVD Player .
Also check out : Skull Armchair and Book Skull
Video game professionals and creators of virtual ( VR ) , augmented ( AR ) , and mixed reality ( MR ) experiences are constantly facing a host of challenges , whether it 's implementing new technology , staying up to date on innovative new designs , or navigating an increasingly crowded market .
Find out more about our Game brands and services .
With Tokyo’s rice crops almost ready for harvest , it ’s obviously imperative that the farmers protect their prize product .
A process that , at least for some workers way out in the western corner of the capital , means once again wheeling out this season ’s specially attired sentinels .
A varied selection of scarecrows that as well as boasting blonde bombshells ,
and manga - inspired monsters ,
includes blokes bothered about biscuits ,
along with Santa somewhat surprisingly doing a bit during his down time .
Plus there ’s the odd deranged doll design ,
and , in a kind nod to the otaku teeming cafes of akihabara , there ’s at least a meagre amount of moe , with a maid .
Which for one or two at least , appears to be worth a wee wave .
Or even a wild one .
Things are about to get interesting – in particular when it comes to the Dollar .
If you take a look at the Dollar index today you ’ll see a sudden drop :
So , what ’s going on ?
Well , we expected the 80 range to be the Dollar ’s interim top for a while now , as the wave count requires a long needed consolidation in the pattern .
However , I have been pretty verbose about my position that the Dollar has been manipulated by the ECB , the Swiss Bank , the BOC , etc – and the question is why are we dropping now ?
Bloomberg is giving us the usual spin ( btw , I love Bloomberg but they just relay the info they get themselves ) :
Dollar Falls Most Versus Euro Since 2006 on Pared Haven Demand Sept. 12 ( Bloomberg ) —
The dollar fell the most against the euro since January 2006 , pushing it down from a one - year high , on reduced demand for the greenback as a haven .
Duh – but why is there suddenly reduced demand ?
What ’s really going on ?
Well , first up you need to understand that FOREX traders are among the best traders out there – they do n’t get emotional and they know how to play the game .
If we small players were up against equity traders of that caliber we ’d be toast within a week .
So , for them to start dumping the Dollar right now happens for a reason .
Leave it up to Mole to connect the dots – although I had to go all the way to China to get it :
China may cut its dollar holdings – CICC
China , which holds a fifth of its currency reserves in Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac debt , may cut the portion held in US dollars , according to China International Capital Corp ( CICC ) , one of the nation ’s biggest investment banks .
The US government this week seized control of the two mortgage - finance companies , which account for almost half of the home - loan market in the world ’s biggest economy , to prevent defaults from crippling them .
China holds up to $ 400 billion in the two firms ’ debt , CICC Chief Economist Ha Jiming said in a report Thursday .
“ The crisis has made Chinese officials realize it ’s a bad idea to put all their eggs in one basket , ” wrote Hong Kong - based Ha .
“ This will likely lead to greater diversification of foreign exchange reserve investments . ”
Now let ’s correlate this with another piece of news I saw today which incidentally disappeared within 15 minutes , this time again on Bloomberg :
Paulson Adamant No Money for Lehman , Fed Against It ( Update1 ) Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson is adamantly opposed to using government funds to aid Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. , and Federal Reserve officials are inclined to agree .
A person familiar with Paulson ’s thinking said Wall Street has been aware of Lehman ’s troubles for a long time and had time to prepare for any crisis at the company .
The access Lehman has to loans from the central bank will allow an orderly process , the person said .
Fed officials are aligned with the Treasury and have a strong predisposition against use of government money .
So , now we know what ’s really going on .
It ’s not that the PPT suddenly has seen the light .
The Chinese are threatening to finally pull the plug if their considerable Dollar holdings should be exposed to further inflationary action by the Feds .
That would be a BAD thing – trust me .
If that happens you can kiss the Dollar good - bye .
And we already know from the FNM / FRE debacle that the Feds have no compunction about handing U.S. equity holders the shaft whilst protecting the interests of foreign debt holders like the Chinese , the Russians , the Japanese , etc .
THAT is why LEH wo n’t be handed to GS or BAC on a silver platter paired with a juicy Fed cash injection or some kind of creative asset swap for treasuries :
The Chinese had enough and are threatening to start dumping Dollar assets if the Feds continue to running their printing presses whilst bailing out every investment bank in trouble ( which is most of them ) .
The market has been ‘ pricing in ’ bank failures at this point ( just look at the last few days of market tape ) and the Feds are now forced to draw a line in the sand .
They would have never done this on their own account , that ’s for sure .
The Chinese just became the bears ’ best friend 🙂
BTW , in case anyone got emotional during today ’s tape :
Go out there this weekend and enjoy life .
Time passes quickly if you ’re staring at a ticker all day .
After announcing yesterday that he would be suspending his campaign to work on the ongoing economic crisis , many in the room at the morning plenary session of the 2008 Clinton Global Initiative on Thursday were surprised to hear Senator John McCain basically give a version of the stump speech he ’s been giving over the last several months .
The event , which is being held at the Sheraton New York to coincide with the opening of the UN General Assembly , was already the site of impressive amounts of security – for Heads of State and foreign dignitaries – saw several additional steps taken in and around the Sheraton New York to protect Republican Senator McCain and his entourage .
McCain ’s entourage included Alaska Governor Sarah Palin , but not surprisingly , neither Senator McCain nor Governor Palin were made available to the press for questions .
McCain began his remarks by saying it was “ Time to put politics aside , ” and then launched into why he supported the $ 700 billion dollar economic bailout plan put forth by President Bush .
Throughout his remarks , it appeared as though McCain struggled with not being a candidate – as did his speechwriters .
Liberally sprinkled throughout his talk were allusions to the many reasons why he belongs in the White House , including this gem :
“ No Wall Street executives should profit from taxpayer dollars .
Let me put it this way : I would rather build a bridge to nowhere — and put it square in the middle of Sedona , Ariz . — than take money from teachers and farmers and small business owners to line the pockets of the Wall Street crowd that got us here in the first place . ”
So while McCain may have avoided directly commenting on his opponent ( or his opponent ’s policy ) , it would be hard to argue the speech was apolitical .
The most light - hearted moment of McCain ’s appearance came before he had even spoken a word .
After concluding his introduction of Sen. McCain , President Clinton accidentally swiped the Senator ’s speech from the podium .
McCain had to quickly track down the Clinton as he exited the stage .
Upon returning to the mic , McCain quipped , “ I almost gave one of the most extemporaneous speeches in my political career . ”
Well , that would have been true , except for the fact that the McCain campaign had teleprompters installed on the stage before his remarks – the first time anyone over the last two days had used them .
COSATU threatens mass shutdown of KZN freeways and CBDs
The shutdown planned for Wednesday , October 7 , will be part of a strike organised by the labour federation across the country in protest against rising corruption in several spheres .
And FedEx's CEO just happens to be a huge Memphis basketball booster — having donated at least $ 500 k to Memphis athletics .
What a happy coincidence !
Man , it 's amazing how these things work out .
This is so shocking .
Because prior to this instance Memphis head coach John Calipari has had such a squeaky clean image .
Take it away Fox Sports :
When Oseye Gaddy placed down the phone at her desk , she was unable to contain her excitement .
She had just gotten off the phone with the CEO of her company .
Out of 190,000 employees throughout the world , FedEx Express president and CEO David Bronczek , one of the company 's most influential executives , had chosen to reach out to an ordinary customer service representative , working across the country in Tacoma , Wash .
But Gaddy is hardly your average customer service rep these days .
She 's also the mother of one of the most highly - sought - after and uncommitted basketball recruits in the country , Abdul Gaddy .
And Bronczek is not merely a CEO .
He is also a booster of the University of Memphis basketball program .
Advertisement
Well , I 'm sure that the CEO did n't know who Gaddy 's son was .
They probably just talked about call center issues and ... wait ... he knew .
Per Fox Sports
" I was like , ' Why would he want to talk to me ? '
But the whole time he talked to me , he talked about my son .
He was just talking to me a little bit about ( John ) Calipari and the program and then he was telling me about The FedEx Forum and how he goes to a lot of games and sits on the floor , " she added .
" How Calipari is a really nice guy . "
Just a little heads up to the NCAA , while they 're looking into this incident they might want to check out some cosy FedEx internships that the Tigers players get to partake in .
I 'm sure those positions are just as coincidental as this phone conversation .
Advertisement
NCAA to investigate Memphis booster 's phone call [ Fox Sports ]
Shocker !
NCAA to investigate Memphis hoops booster [ The Big Lead ]
This toaster may only have one setting , but that setting is NES , and that 's good enough for us .
Created by the same console modder behind the monstrous Super Genintari , this project is certainly a good deal less ambitious than that endeavor , but it hits all the right marks nonetheless , including a functional front lever that acts as a power switch , and some red LEDs that light up your cart but probably wo n't do much for your toast .
Be sure to hit up the link below for plenty more pics and a look at the complete build process .
Note : Major editing complete 8/01/07 .
It is now possible to learn from this essay .
The whole of Kant is concerned with alienation .
Man is alienated from the earth – he returns to it on its terms , and no earthly enterprise is guaranteed success .
Further , if reason can be said to be characteristic of divinity , man is alienated from the heavens .
The very possibility of knowing involves the phenomena / noumena distinction , where phenomena which constitute experience are contingent on a noumenal realm that can never be experienced in - and - of itself .
These two forms of alienation perhaps signify an even greater alienation .
We must posit a united , distinct self to say our representations are our own .
But can that “ transcendental ego ” ever be known ?
For Kant , the impossibility of self - knowledge as one would know another object is the key to his transcendental idealism .
Knowledge of objects for Kant is only knowledge of accidents , but that still advances the sciences greatly .
Self - knowledge must of necessity be knowledge of essence , not merely how one reacts to change .
But please note that the impossibility of self - knowledge is not necessary for thought which uses a Kantian logic : ultimately , Hegel is an excellent reader of Kant whose philosophy relies heavily on similar thoughts .
Hegel ’s starting point is a self - knowledge so deep that all of history is the unfolding of Idea .
For Hegel , subjectivity and objectivity presuppose each other .
Take any claim you ’d justify on grounds that are subjective .
Those very grounds only exist because of opposition to what is “ objective . ”
The problem gets worse if you try to say that all is subjective or all is objective .
An example of “ everything is subjective ” is the relativism so common nowadays , which relies on a formulation of universal tolerance – “ do n’t judge ” – that is strangely beyond all subjective reasoning and has an objective status .
An example of “ everything is objective ” is “ it ’s obvious I have a hand here ” – G.E. Moore ’s famous attempt to refute skepticism that invited a million skeptical questions which are more objective than the initial statement or demonstration .
To say “ well , maybe you and all the rest of us in this room are deluded in thinking you have a hand ” is not a statement whose truth is subjective : you could get someone from outside the room to confirm if you were deluded or not .
Ironically enough , the initial statement presupposes the subjective knowledge of how conversation works and what Moore is getting at just to be understood .
For Kant , self - alienation is exactly why his thought emphasizes subjectivity .
The challenge is for man to see what he cannot know or have , and justify to himself what claims of knowledge or ownership he can make .
Hence , property in a dual sense is the issue : our representations , if they are ours , tell us what the borders of our thought are through consideration of the a priori laws structuring them .
Parallel to that is an actual concern with private property : how is it we can make claims upon the earth when the only “ claim ” we seem to have is sheer control , a “ claim ” that may involve enslaving others as well as conquering nature ?
The answer to how it is we have private property , that different wills are reconcilable with the freedom of all humanity , rests on a “ general will ” of all mankind which is dedicated to appropriating the earth .
As mankind , we have decided to conquer nature so we can rest just a bit easier ( this is called having technology in any sense , including having fire ) .
Therefore , we are united as a community in this conquest : our right is not an individual right alone , but the right of all mankind .
It seems a right presupposes a responsibility and vice versa , and one can turn to Kant ’s thoughts on Newton to defend that logic .
All of Nature , which we are a part of and yet is cruelly disinterested in us , destroys and creates in perfect symmetry – i.e. the law of conservation of matter .
Kantian thought takes community , substance and reciprocity and links them to say this : Community is dependent on reciprocity .
But what community are we speaking about ?
It must be a community of substances of some sort .
Substance is whatever underlies a manifold of changes : without it , one would n’t be able to see changes at all .
That seems to imply that the ultimate substance is the transcendental ego , which underlies changes experienced in other objects ( to some degree ) as well as the self ( to the highest degree ) .
However , do we experience ourselves as “ substance ? ”
No : other people in seeing how we change are the ones who presuppose that some “ substance ” lies underneath our malleable , aging , always - changing selves .
Hence it is ultimately ourselves as substance alienated from itself which allows for community in the sense of reciprocity .
The communal recognition of right must of necessity be simultaneous with individual right .
“ Substance ” also links the right of the will over private property to the right of the mind over intellectual property .
For the material substance of the earth is only physically manipulable through its accidents .
Knowledge of essence is impossible , and the key to understanding the full significance of “ accidents ” is to see that a synthesis is at work .
An “ accident ” comes about because reason has brought the noumenal into the phenomenal realm .
But reason ’s motion is not directed to the welfare of the object of experience as much as the appropriation of the object .
Experience comes about because we are fundamentally self - absorbed , and yet experience is reason ’s greatest production from which all knowledge stems .
Those formal laws which structure experience have their limits .
The biggest limit is inherent in the fact , again , that reason is alienated from itself .
Yes , it can appropriate and give us knowledge of the world that is useful .
But does it ever truly give us knowledge about ourselves ?
It is easier to access the formal moral law ( do whatever you can imagine everyone else doing and not causing harm ) and the concept of freedom than it is to know oneself , for on Kantian lines , self - knowledge is impossible .
It should be noted that Kant is only echoing Augustine in making this claim .
God knew Augustine better than he knew himself , and thus brought Augustine to the Truth through the Providence governing his life .
Philosophy in the Socratic sense , though , starts not with appropriating the world but with self - knowledge .
The oracle at Delphi said “ Know thyself ” and however ironically Socrates treats that suggestion in the Apology , he seems to take it very seriously in terms of the other Socratic dialogues .
Certainly such a knowledge is dependent on an investigation into the thoughts of others .
But it is their thought , and not their material selves and their exercise of right , which matters most .
There are no good guys or bad guys in this debate , but the classical sense of philosophy has been lost in our age for something wholly revealed , whether that revelation takes the form of the Bible or Providence ( of God or Idea ) or modern empirical science defended from Humean skepticism .
References
Shell , Susan .
“ Kant ’s Theory of Property . ” Political Theory Vol. 6 No. 1 . ( Feb. 1978 ) 75-90
By Mark O’Neill
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
A sixth installment of the “ Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy ” is to be written – despite the fact that its author and creator , Douglas Adams , died in 2001 .
Instead , the book entitled “ And Another Thing … ” will be written by Eoin Colfer , who is most well known for his Artemis Fowl series of childrens books .
I am a big fan of Artemis Fowl and I have all the books here at home .
I personally think Colfer is a really good author , but good enough to write a Hitchhikers Guide book ?
Hmmm … I do n’t know .
I do n’t know if his writing skills extend THAT far .
The last book , “ Mostly Harmless ” was released 16 years ago and Adams ’ widow has given her consent to Colfer writing the next book .
Colfer has said in a statement :
“ My first reaction was semi-outrage that anyone should be allowed to tamper with this incredible series .
But on reflection I realised that this is a wonderful opportunity to work with characters I have loved since childhood and give them something of my own voice while holding on to the spirit of Douglas Adams . ”
He added : “ I feel more pressure to perform now than I ever have with my own books , and that is why I am bloody determined that this will be the best thing I have ever written . ”
This is n’t the first example of a sequel to a book written posthumously .
A new James Bond book “ Devil May Care ” came out earlier this year and another example is “ Peter Pan in Scarlet ” , an official sequel to JM Barrie ’s Peter Pan .
So what do you think ?
Will you read the new Hitchhiker ’s book when it comes out ?
Are they right to tamper with Douglas Adams ’ legacy or should they have left it well alone ?
Is Eoin Colfer the right man for the job ?
ST . PAUL , Minnesota ( CNN ) -- Former Sen. Fred Thompson vehemently defended the selection of Sarah Palin for vice president Tuesday garnering huge applause from the crowd at the Republican National Convention .
Sen . Fred Thompson campaigns with John McCain earlier this year .
" What a breath of fresh air Gov. Sarah Palin is , " said Thompson , who dropped out of the Republican presidential race in January .
" Give me a tough Alaskan governor who has taken on the political establishment in the largest state in the union -- and won -- over the beltway business - as - usual crowd any day of the week . "
Thompson also praised McCain and talked about how his ordeal as POW shaped his character .
" This is the kind of character that civilizations from the beginning of history have sought in their leaders .
Strength , " Thompson said .
" Courage .
Humility .
Wisdom .
Duty .
Honor .
It 's pretty clear there are two questions we will never have to ask ourselves , ' Who is this man ? ' and ' Can we trust this man with the presidency ? ' " Watch Thompson speak at the convention »
Thompson gave a detailed version of McCain 's years as a POW in Vietnam .
" The guards cracked ribs , broke teeth off at the gums .
They cinched a rope around his arms and painfully drew his shoulders back , " Thompson said .
" We hear a lot of talk about hope .
John McCain knows about hope .
That 's all he had to survive on . "
Thompson , an actor and former star of the NBC's hit series " Law and Order , " also took many shots at Democratic presidential nominee Sen. Barack Obama .
Thompson said Obama is " history - marking nominee for president , " Thompson said .
" History - making in that he is the most liberal , most inexperienced nominee to ever run for president . "
Thompson dropped out of the race for the GOP nomination after a disappointing third - place finish in the South Carolina Republican primary , where he drew 16 percent of the vote .
Earlier , Thompson finished third in the Iowa caucuses , fifth in the Michigan and Nevada primaries , sixth in New Hampshire 's primary and a distant second to Mitt Romney in the Wyoming caucuses .
Thompson also took shots at some of the speeches made at the Democratic National Convention last week .
" Listening to them you 'd think that we were in the middle of a Great Depression ; that we are down , disrespected and incapable of prevailing against challenges facing us , " Thompson said .
" But we also know that we live in the freest , strongest , most generous and prosperous nation in the history of the world and we are thankful . "
All About Fred Thompson • Barack Obama • Sarah Palin • John McCain • Democratic Party • Republican Party
The 3 pillars of our Rails Monitoring Stack
Life as a cross - dresser must be unnerving .
I could buy a wig , put some makeup on my adam ’s apple .
Buy a skirt .
Does a sock - filled bra work for my bosom ?
With a bit of mood lighting , I might actually look like a woman , but it would be difficult to relax .
Knowing my manhood could be exposed in a multitude of ways – some stubble on my chin , hair on my legs , forgetting to make my voice less deep , etc. would leave me on - edge .
In some ways , I feel like I identified with cross-dressers before we solidified our Rails monitoring stack over the past year .
I just felt vulnerable – that one wrong move could send our Rails stack tumbling .
We ’ve standardized our setup , and I thought I ’d share the 3 tools we ’re using that make me feel much less like a cross - dresser these days .
The 3 pillars of our Rails monitoring stack
We break Rails monitoring into the 3 parts below ( along with the tools we use ) :
Process Monitoring System Performance Exception Notifications “ The Diaper ” A safeguard for emergencies “ The Nerves ” Preventing future problems “ The Megaphone ” A loud voice when your app is breaking Monit Scout Exception Notification plugin Ensure Mongrels are running & restart leaking processes Catch disturbing trends before they become problems – disk space usage , server load , slow requests , etc. Organizing and collecting application exceptions
So , to be clear , even though we built Scout , we use a combination of tools to make sure our Rails apps are running .
The diaper – Process monitoring with Monit
If a key process , like a Mongrel server containing a Rails application , dies or leaks memory , you often want to restart it immediately .
Frankly it ’s panic time – it could happen at any time , and you may not have time to figure out what went wrong .
You just want the application back up .
We ’ve been using the open - source tool Monit for this task for some time ( God , a Ruby - powered process and task monitoring tool is another option ) .
Configure a restart script
I ’m not going to cover the monit installation process ( monit ’s documentation ) , but I ’ll show a simple example for restarting a Mongrel process .
Here ’s how we restart a Mongrel process that :
Is dead
Is using over 100 MB in memory
check process mongrel - 8000 with pidfile / var/run/mongrel_cluster/mongrel.8000.pid group mongrel_staging start program = " /usr/bin/mongrel_rails cluster : : start -C /etc/mongrel_cluster/app_name.yml -- only 8000 -- clean " as uid deploy and gid deploy stop program =
" /usr/bin/mongrel_rails cluster : : stop -C /etc/mongrel_cluster/app_name.yml -- only 8000 -- force -- clean " as uid deploy and gid deploy if totalmem > 100.0 MB for 5 cycles then restart
( For automating the setup of these configuration — based on your mongrel configuration , check out the capistrano_monit extension )
It ’s easy to test your monit setup , once it is in place :
Tail your system message log ( i.e. tail -f / var / log / messages )
Manually kill the process Watch for Monit to restart the process in the messages log .
It looks like this :
Aug 22 13:57:13 test monit [ 32613 ] : ' mongrel_staging-9000 ' process is not running Aug 22 13:57:13 test monit [ 32613 ] : ' mongrel_staging-9000 ' trying to restart Aug 22 13:57:13 test monit [ 32613 ] : ' mongrel_staging-9000 ' start : /usr/bin/mongrel_rails
Aug 22 13:58:19 test monit [ 32613 ] : ' mongrel_staging -9000 ' process is running with pid 678
It ’s just a diaper – it wo n’t solve underlying problems
Monit will ensure we ’re not totally dead , but it wo n’t prevent problems from happening in the future .
It can restart a memory - leaking process , but it wo n’t give us any clues about the leak .
It ’s not preventative medicine .
We need some preventive medicine .
The nerves – system performance with Scout
When I was a kid , I once wished I that I could n’t feel pain .
I was awkward and fell down a lot .
As I got older , I realized some pain is good – it ’s our body ’s way of saying “ Hey , slow down a second – you need to check this out ” .
Scout is our nerve center .
We use it to monitor trends in our Rails stack .
Has disk space usage quickly increased ?
Has there been a spike the in the server load ?
How many more users can our current hardware handle ?
For example , a while back we noticed that disk space usage was increasing at an alarming rate on one of our servers .
We caught it early - on by looking at the dramatic increase in disk space usage from the graph below :
The problem ?
An issue with an Amazon S3 backup .
We fixed the problem far before it became an issue , and as you can see from the graph , things returned to normal .
In addition to disk usage , we use Scout to monitor our Rails requests , server load , memory usage , and more .
The megaphone – Exception notifications with the Exception Notification plugin
We ’ve got most of our vitals covered – our Rails app will restart when it dies automatically with Monit .
We ’ll be able to identify system resource trends quickly with Scout .
However , things often go wrong when our application server and Rails stack is running fine .
The tried - and - true method for instant exception notifications is the Exception Notification plugin .
If you ’re part of a development team , you might want to look at Hoptoad .
Hoptoad provides organization to the typical flood of emails the Exception Notification plugin can generate .
You install the Hoptoad plugin , which contacts the Hoptoadd server when an exception occurs .
Hoptoad eliminates duplicate emails and makes it easier to organize exceptions across applications .
Update : Hoptoad has been re-branded to Airbrake Bug Tracker .
It ’s about piece - of - mind
From start - to - finish , you can have Monit setup and tested in a couple of hours ( at most ) .
The Scout and Exception Notification plugin / Hoptoadd installation process should be measured in minutes .
It ’s time well - spent knowing things are in order when you are n’t in front of your computer .
America 's spooks are about to turn traitor .
And one of the few things keeping 'em in line is a set of strongly - worded posters , hanging on spy agencies ' walls .
At least , that 's the implication from this truly bizarre set of posters , from the Office of the National Counterintelligence Executive .
Using the words of Abraham Lincoln , George Washington , and George W. Bush , they remind our spies not to spill secrets – or switch to the other side .
Recruiters from Beijing to Moscow to Tehran are , no doubt , cursing the poster - makers ' cleverness , and their boundless Illustrator skill .
Here are some samples :
Roger Stone is the longtime dirty - trickster who knocked the socks off of Eliot Spitzer in a scandal of high - priced trysts that forced resignation of the NY Governor earlier this year .
With a Republican pedigree stretching to Watergate , Stone needed little inducement more than Spitzer 's capital " D " affiliation .
But , as the nation 's taxpayers await the terms of our extortion by the Bush Administration 's ' exempt from oversight ' bankers ' club under a plan -- including full immunity -- led by Henry Paulson , it 's time to consider the political assassination of another White House enemy for the SOP it was .
Sure , Spitzer should have de-socked before his career - ending indiscretion .
But we should revisit the prophetic message that was lost to the tsunami of Spitzer 's scandalization two weeks later .
Predatory Lenders ' Partner in Crime : How the Bush Administration Stopped the States From Stepping In to Help Consumers , Feb. 14 , 2008 .
Washington Post .
Several years ago , state attorneys general and others involved in consumer protection began to notice a marked increase in a range of predatory lending practices by mortgage lenders ... These and other practices , we noticed , were having a devastating effect on home buyers .
In addition , the widespread nature of these practices , if left unchecked , threatened our financial markets .
Spitzer 's omen went further to note that not only did the White House do nothing , it embarked on an aggressive and unprecedented campaign to prevent states from protecting their residents from the very problems to which the federal government was turning a blind eye after 50 state Attorneys General and many legislative attempts failed to halt the worst of the predatory lending excesses .
The AGs and their banking superintendents fought the Bush Administration 's use of a Civil War era banking provision which established federal preemption of all state predatory lending laws and the new rules which emasculated state consumer protections from national banks .
Shortly before Stone 's November tip finally mobilized national law enforcement to rescue Americans from the perverse activities of Spitzer and his calf - length socks , he left a final warning :
When history tells the story of the subprime lending crisis and recounts its devastating effects on the lives of so many innocent homeowners , the Bush administration will not be judged favorably .
The tale is still unfolding , but when the dust settles , it will be judged as a willing accomplice to the lenders who went to any lengths in their quest for profits .
So willing , in fact , that it used the power of the federal government in an unprecedented assault on state legislatures , as well as on state attorneys general and anyone else on the side of consumers .
We 're now to let Industry 's insider dictate the terms under which we 'll spend the heritage of our grandchildren to repurchase the bloody bag of instruments of our rape ?
Elliot Spitzer warned us and was taken out .
Now , the banking industry wants us to pay for the repercussions of gluttonous global pillaging under the deregulatory regime .
It 's way past time to stop being complicit in our victimization .
Is n't it ?
Artist Betsy Schneider
She 's best known for the Photo of the Day she 's taken of her kids ( sometimes nude ) since birth , but Betsy Schneider 's career has been about marking time and change in other ways , too .
This slideshow includes images of Schneider and her family , as well as a London tabloid story about her -- and some of her work .
" That Enthralling Gallop " opens August 15 at The Kitchenette Photography Collective in downtown Phoenix .
Just a couple of weeks from now , cars will be double - parked outside dormitories while parents and new college students haul most of their worldly belongings up to their new homes - a place with concrete floors , shared bathrooms and about 230 square feet to share with a perfect stranger .
Sounds cozy , does n’t it ?
Technically , only 115 square feet of that will belong to you - as your roommate will also bring all of her worldly possessions to occupy the other half .
You ’re in college now .
So be smart !
Unless your parents are selling the house and skipping town as soon as you leave - your old bedroom or the attic will be the appropriate storage for off - season clothing , prom collectibles , your stuffed animal collection , and old band instruments .
Obviously , you need to bring your clothes with you .
Outside of that , be resourceful and use the following list to help you downsize before you even approach the threshold of your new campus digs .
Clothing
1 . One laundry basket .
Sorry mom , there will be no room for sorting .
2 . One laundry bag .
The cliche is so true , and so affordable .
You will take laundry home .
( You could also ditch the basket and use only the bag . )
3. Laundry detergent .
You ’re not doing laundry for a family of five , so one decent sized jug of detergent should last a while .
4. Hangers .
Again , pack away the off - season clothes .
This is the furthest thing from a walk - in closet .
Bring only what you need .
5. Table - top ironing board …. if you must .
Who irons in college ?
Electronics
You should probably save your graduation money until you meet your new roomie- that way you do n’t double - up on these items .
1. Microwave .
It should be small enough to zap a burrito - not prepare Thanksgiving dinner .
2. TV .
I do n’t recall a single wall in my dorm that could support a 50 ″ plasma .
Something small will do the job .
You ca n’t afford cable anyway !
3. Mini Fridge .
Mini is the key there and it will be necessary .
4. Video Games .
Every guy ’s dorm room will look like a Best Buy , so you can probably save space and use someone else’s .
5. Computer .
It comes down to what you can afford , but a laptop makes the most sense for saving space and toting to class , study groups or home .
Bed , Bath , Kitchen and Beyond
1 . Two full sets of towels is probably all you ’ll need .
You can only use one at a time .
“ Borrowing ” them from home is free and acceptable .
2 . One set of bedding .
You can wash it while you ’re not sleeping on it .
Again , “ borrow . ”
3 . A small hand - held tub to store toiletries .
4 . Find out what your room / suite mates are bringing for bath mats , shower curtains , etc. before making the investment .
5. Dishes .
There ’s no one to tell you to do them here - so do n’t !
One set with a plate , bowl , cup and utensils should do it .
Doing dishes in the bathroom sink is a pain .
You ’ll eat in the cafeteria or off of a pizza box most of the time anyway .
Your dorm room will come with plenty of light , a phone , a dresser and some shelving .
By now you ’ve hopefully been on a campus tour and know the size limitations of your dorm .
By all means , take photos from home and your favorite blanket - just take into consideration the limited personal space of your roommate , and your own need to not be bogged down in clutter .
Put it this way - imagine living in a hotel room with another person for a year .
An added bonus to less stuff ?
The elevators will be jam - packed with people , making the stairs a faster alternative !
Posted on August 1st , 2008 by Brandi
Tags : campus , dorm , dorms
Posted in Campus Life , College Prep | 1 Comment »
President 's Job Is to Pardon
President 's Job Is to Pardon
http://afterdowningstreet.org/node/35281
By David Swanson
In the evolving neocon scheme of unconstitutional US governance , the job of running the country may belong to the office of the Vice President , while the primary duty of the president ( other than following orders and acting like he 's in charge ) may be to pardon the Vice President and all of his henchmen for their crimes .
We have survived ( just barely ) seven and a half years of life under a government that has eliminated the legislative and judicial branches , installed a certified moron in the oval office , and placed dictatorial power in a new fourth ( or first ) branch of government located wherever Dick Cheney casts his shadow .
The Republican candidate to succeed George W. Bush is a bumbling idiot and senile to boot , clearly incapable of remembering what he had for breakfast , much less running a global empire .
( And he lost any right to take pride in his torture victimhood when he began supporting the torture of others . )
If he chooses a new Dick Cheney as his running mate , we will know that his role is puppet - in - chief and primary pardoner .
Now , I know what you 're thinking : why ca n't Congress pardon each vice president and gang by legalizing their crimes , as done in the FISA modernization act or the military commissions act ?
Well , of course , it can - in the cases of crimes it finds out about .
But Congress can't be counted on to pardon crimes that are successfully kept secret , which however might be discovered while the criminals remain alive .
And laws can always be undone by new laws or court rulings , while presidential pardons cannot be .
Alright , fine , but why could n't a president just pardon himself ?
Well , first of all , you do n't want the president to be in charge of the national crime syndicate for a number of reasons .
First of all , he has to be chosen through something resembling an open election - a process well suited to selecting a Bush or a McCain , but not a Cheney or Lieberman .
The Vice Presidential candidate need not be chosen through any primary elections , and can remain a footnote in the general election .
Second , the Vice President 's office holds greater claim to a privilege of secrecy , by virtue of constituting its own separate and unregulated branch of government .
Third , while the Constitution does not explicitly ban self - pardoning , no president has yet attempted it , and any sane Constitutional scholar would denounce it as patently outside the law .
Former consigliere generale Alberto Gonzales claimed that the Constitution only says that the right to habeas corpus cannot be taken away ( except in certain circumstances ) but does not assert that anyone ever has the right to habeas corpus in the first place .
By that logic , the Bill of Rights provides no rights at all , and the president is free to do almost anything imaginable , including - yes - crushing children 's testicles or ( should it develop any ) Congress's .
At the Constitutional Convention , James Madison and George Mason both argued that impeachment would be the response if a president ever pardoned someone for a crime he himself was involved in ( as Bush has effectively done for Scooter Libby ) .
The idea of a president pardoning himself for a crime he had committed was so patently abusive that I am certain Madison and Mason would have declined to include an explicit ban of it had anyone suggested the idea .
Of course it is very likely that Bush will attempt a self - pardon , particularly if Obama claims an election victory , but such a solution cannot be counted on .
Hence the desirability of the president being a moron with an established family tradition of claiming to be " out of the loop , " of allowing the Vice President to run the country through secret task forces , of packing the courts with loyalists , of purchasing property in nations that lack extradition treaties , of rendering impotent and servile the International Criminal Court , and of placing in the White House for the next term a new pardoner in chief whose job can include pardoning the previous president .
Remember that John McCain ( and Barack Obama too , for that matter ) has not committed to refusing to pardon Bush .
In fact , McCain ( and Obama too , for that matter ) has not committed to ceasing to engage in lots of criminal abuses of the Cheney - Bush regime , or even to eliminating the secrecy of the executive branches [ sic ] .
Perhaps more important , though , is the question of what legal and democratic principles , if any , McCain 's and Obama 's respective running - mates will be willing to commit to .
*************
© Scoop Media
CNN reporter waits 3 hours on voting line in Florida David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Tuesday October 21 , 2008
Print This Email This Early voting is currently going on in many parts of the country , and in some areas the lines are already long .
However , the greatest number of problems are being reported from the battleground state of Florida .
CNN 's John Zarrella visited a polling place in Broward County , where both parties have been urging their supporters to get out early , for the first day of voting on Monday .
" I always vote early , but I 've never seen the crowds like this ever before , " one woman told Zarrella .
Zarrella joined the line of those waiting to vote at 11:15 .
Half an hour later , he had n't made much progress , though he noted optimistically , " I 'm not the end of the line any more . "
Zarrella spent the time talking to voters , many of whom were studying samples of the four - page ballot , which is loaded with proposed constitutional amendments that few of them were prepared to say they understood .
After an hour and a half , Zarella reported he was " almost inside the door . "
However , according to those coming out at that time , " it was a big mess " with " machines breaking . "
It ultimately took Zarrella 3 hours and 15 minutes to get to the head of the line .
" There are two machines that actually print out the ballots , " Zarrella explained , " and both of the machines went down for a period of about 45 minutes . "
Technical problems were also noted elsewhere in Florida on Monday .
In Jacksonville , some of the vote scanning machines malfunctioned , and seven out of the fifteen had to be replaced because they were rejecting ballots .
At Miami Beach City Hall , it was reported that " some of the computers used to check in voters were n't working , though there were no problems with the optical scan machines used to count ballots . "
" First day , early problems , " Zarrella concluded hopefully .
" We 'll see what happens as the weeks progress . "
This video is from CNN's Newsroom , broadcast October 21 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
I 've long been embarrassed by the willful innocence pose held by a huge segment of the US population .
Yes , we 're a relatively young nation , but that 's no excuse for the naivete we display in world and worldly matters .
Lately , I 've something new to be red - faced about , something that has been creeping into the national psyche ( if there is such a thing ) , but I 've been hard pressed to come up with just the right term for it .
I was coming around to designating the source of the discomfort as intentional ignorance , but an interesting essay by Jeffrey D. Sachs ( professor of economics and director of the Earth Institute at Columbia University ) and published in the Jordan Times suggests a more proper name : anti-intellectualism .
I think he 's on to something .
[ Emphasis added ]
Such a stance has turned out to have rather dire consequences .
Prof .
Sachs points to several areas where anti-intellectualism has had a potentially murderous effect , including global warming , a subject obviously near to his heart :
The war in Iraq provides yet another example for Prof .
Sachs , although I think my " intentional ignorance " might be a better term than mere anti-intellectualism .
Either way , however , Prof .
Sachs really nail the convictions behind the active expression :
The irony is that such a stance works only if its holder believes that God actually might have made some mistakes when it came to creation .
Instead of viewing the marvelous design of the brain as a way for humans to appreciate the intricacies and grandeur of the universe , the fundamentalists see it as the source for sinful pride and subsequent error .
Instead of being grateful for the unique design of sexual organs which make physical intimacy enjoyable , thereby ensuring the continuation of the species , the fundamentalists see the act of sex as disgusting and perverted and insist on insane limitations , even to the point ( in some cultures ) of encouraging mutilation .
The theological inconsistencies aside , however , the stance is profoundly dangerous , especially at this time when the fate of the entire creation , of which we are supposed to be stewards , hangs in the balance .
I wish God would just slap some sense into those people , but I suspect God expects the rest of us to bring those people around .
Labels : Religion , Separation of Church and State
Paul votes against disaster aid for Ike victims Paul votes against Ike disaster aid
Congressman says constituents do n't want FEMA oversight on coast
Reactions vary to Sen. Ron Paul 's opposition to the approved $ 23 billion package .
Reactions vary to Sen. Ron Paul 's opposition to the approved $ 23 billion package .
Photo : Julio Cortez , CHRONICLE FILE Photo : Julio Cortez , CHRONICLE FILE Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Paul votes against disaster aid for Ike victims 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
WASHINGTON — When President Bush visited Houston last week , he was surrounded by local politicians eagerly looking for federal assistance behind the destructive Hurricane Ike .
Most jockeyed for the prime , face - time positions next to Bush , the better to show constituents they had his ear .
Only one stood conspicuously apart , either hunkered behind the scrum of other politicians or 20 paces out in front of Bush , but nearly always out of camera - range : U.S. Rep. Ron Paul of Lake Jackson .
The terrible aftermath of Ike presents an awkward conundrum for Paul .
The former Republican presidential candidate and staunch Constitutionalist has railed against government handouts , and yet his district was one of those hardest - hit by the storm .
On Wednesday , Paul voted against an appropriations bill that included $ 23 billion in disaster aid for victims of Ike .
It was , on the surface , a stand on principle and against the interests of the people he represents .
Whatever Paul meant by it , the congressman and his office declined repeated requests from the Houston Chronicle to explain his vote .
In the end , the measure passed 370 - 58 in the House .
" In several disasters that have befallen my Gulf Coast district , my constituents have told me many times that they prefer to rebuild and recover without the help of federal agencies like FEMA , which so often impose their own bureaucratic solutions on the owners of private property , " Paul wrote in a 2005 column .
Paul voted against government assistance for victims of Hurricane Katrina and later told the Washington Post he had no regrets .
" Is bailing out people that chose to live on the coastline a proper function of the federal government ? "
Paul said .
" Why do people in Arizona have to be robbed in order to support the people on the coast ? "
So it was surprising to see Paul 's partially obscured face in the clutch of politicians standing cheek - to - jowl while Bush announced federal reimbursement for the housing costs of those displaced by the storm , and federal funding for debris removal .
That , on top of a sizeable effort by FEMA to provide relief including ice , food and tarps .
Why did Paul show up for Bush 's photo - op if he did n't want federal help for his district ?
He did vote for a disaster tax relief bill that will help individuals take expanded deductions , and allow businesses to write off demolition expenses , among other things .
" I 've always been a big believer in the strength and ingenuity of the American people , " Paul said in a statement released by his office .
In Galveston , some city officials were not pleased .
" That 's sad .
That 's bad , " said City Manager Steve LeBlanc .
Council member Karen Mahoney , who represents the West End of the island where damage was extreme , was taken aback .
" I find it very distressing , " she said .
" He 's voting against aid for the region that he represents ?
I do n't find that very representative . "
Reactions among Galveston residents were mixed .
" It feels kind of bad for the citizens of Galveston , " said Mareia Schreiber while shaking out water - soaked artwork .
But others said Paul 's vote did not bother them .
" We 've worked hard all our lives , " said Gene Lossow , 65 , a clerk at the Port of Galveston .
" We take care of ourselves .
I do n't need FEMA or anything else .
We got insurance .
" There are too many people who expect the government to take care of them , " he said .
" But I 'm not one of them . "
Houston Chronicle reporter Carolyn Feibel contributed to this report from Galveston .
julie.mason@chron.com
The last big wave of investment in the biomass industry came during the 1980s and early 1990s .
Interest is rising again as states push to include more renewable power in their mix of electricity generation .
Last week , Georgia Power asked state regulators to approve the conversion of a coal plant into a 96 - megawatt biomass plant .
An additional 50 - megawatt plant in East Texas is expected to be under construction by September .
Mike Whiting , chief executive of Decker Energy International , a developer and owner of four biomass plants around the country , estimates 15 to 20 new biomass plants are proposed in the Southeast , though not all will be built .
The region is , he said , “ the best part of the U.S. for growing trees . ”
In California , which has the most biomass plants in the country , momentum is reviving after years of decline .
The number of biomass plants has dropped to fewer than 30 , from 48 in the early 1990s , because of the closing of many sawmills and the energy crisis early this decade , said Phil Reese of the California Biomass Energy Alliance .
Six to eight of the mothballed plants are gearing up to restart , Mr. Reese said , helping California meet its renewable energy goals .
At least three biomass plants have been proposed in Connecticut , and another three in Massachusetts — though last week one of these , a $ 200 million , 50 - megawatt biomass plant proposed for the western part of the state , experienced a regulatory setback because of concerns about truck traffic .
Some environmental groups have opposed the Nacogdoches plant .
Cyrus Reed , conservation director of the Sierra Club ’s Lone Star chapter , said the plant was not “ as clean as it could be ” in terms of emissions .
He also criticized the lack of a competitive bidding process to build the plant .
Pulp and paper companies operating in wooded East Texas have also opposed the plant , which will require a giant amount of wood residue — one million tons each year .
They are concerned that there is not enough wood for their industry and the plant .
But Tony Callendrello , vice president of Nacogdoches Power , said the company would use only discarded forest residues , mill waste and the like .
“ We have no need — and no intention — to go after anything that the forest - products companies would be using in their production , ” he said .
I reckon this would be quite easy to replicate for a fraction fo the cost it will sell for .
I hate people who think along the lines of what I just said .
Aside from the expected holiday iPod refresh this week , Apple made a splash by releasing iTunes 8 with a significant new " Genius " feature .
i Tunes ' supposed IQ injection can analyze the music in one 's library , then automatically build playlists similar to a song , or even recommend more music from the iTunes Store .
Already , though , Genius has sparked a number of discussions around how accurate the technology really is , and how it is actually recommending music that one already owns .
Ars Technica spent some more time with Genius to see how smart it really is .
Can Hal rock out ?
In our hands - on with iTunes 8 's new features yesterday , we noted that , at first glance , Genius seemed like a clever automated music finder .
It 's about as simple as can be , too : just select a song with a mood or a beat you like , hit the new Genius button in the lower right , and iTunes immediately builds a playlist of similar music from the rest of your library , using the collective knowledge of the iTunes Store cloud .
Users can choose to populate the list with anywhere from 25 to 100 songs , save the playlist perpetually , or even plug it into iTunes ' Party Shuffle feature to keep the good times flowing with the same mood .
A second component to Genius is called the Genius Sidebar , which suggests similar music from the iTunes Store that a customer does n't own yet .
Using the Genius technology to analyze the actual music and make more accurate recommendations from the store , the Genius Sidebar acts as a personal shopper that , over time , should get to know users ' listening habits to make suggestions that go much deeper than the bland standard of watching what other users simply buy .
If you 're a Pandora user experiencing some deja vu , do n't worry ; these Genius features share much of the same concept , only Apple applied them to one 's own music library and tracks one could purchase from the iTunes Store .
After the Ars staff has collectively spent more time with Genius , though , we 've noticed a few fundamental problems that could soon mar the experience before Genius has a chance to catch on with the masses if Apple does n't tend to them soon .
One of Genius ' most obvious and frequent faults when working with one 's own library is that it appears to be only as insightful as the iTunes Store 's catalog is thick .
For some users , particularly those whose catalogs lean more towards the indie scene , clicking the Genius button to build a playlist is an exercise in futility .
After some experimentation , it appears that if the iTunes Store does n't carry — or possibly even recognize from any of the readily available CDDB services — a song you try to use Genius on , it throws an error and can't build the playlist .
We even got it on songs like " Get up !
Go Insane ! " from Fatboy Slim , and " Where the Streets Have No Name " from U2 , songs from very well - known artists that were both ripped from CDs using iTunes and subsequently populated with metadata from CDDB .
Other quirks when matching up library music with recommendations from the iTunes Store are strange in their own right , but more forgivable since Genius is at such an infant stage .
Tycho's " From Home , " a very low - key electronic track for chilling out , got paired with Dusty Kid's " I Love Richie , " a far more upbeat dance track .
Genius also recommended The White Stripes ' " Well It 's True That We Love One Another " for Radiohead 's " A Wolf At The Door . "
Genius can certainly do better with certain genres and periods , though .
Bob Dylan 's " Like a Rolling Stone " brought recommendations of The Doors , Jimi Hendrix , and Simon & Garfunkel , though Eric Clapton 's " Tears in Heaven " brought everything from Tom Petty , Sarah McLachlan , Eagles , and even Bryan Adams .
Selling ice to an eskimo
Surveying the other half of Genius ' duties , the iTunes Store recommendations can sometimes be all over the map , and they all - too - often suggest songs that are already in one 's library .
Admittedly , Apple stated that Genius will improve with time as users actually put the technology through its paces and help flesh out the recommendation engine .
But this problem of recommending music that one already owns could shoot the technology in its own foot , and tarnish the otherwise pleasant and seamless iTunes Store shopping experience .
As a couple of Ars staffers , and other reports across the web , confirm , Genius appears to have have trouble with libraries that contain a lot of music ripped from CDs , and especially when live concerts and alternative compilations are involved .
Phish ' " The Divided Sky , " for example , recommended " The Lizards " from a live show in the iTunes Store , even though we already owned a Phish song called " The Lizards " from a different live show that was ripped and tagged with iTunes .
Sitting in the corner
These kinds of mixed up recommendations not only become frustrating , but they force us to second - guess our knowledge of our own library and do a lot of busywork to check whether we in fact need a song that was recommended , or simply have n't kicked back in a while with an old gem we already own .
Add on the fact that the Genius Sidebar constantly displays iTunes Store recommendations ( unless you toggle it off , of course ) , with way - too - convenient buttons for previewing and purchasing without having to flip over to the store , and the problems that these double - recommendations present are compounded .
Admittedly , Genius is a 1.0 , and Apple has proven persistent when it comes to tweaking the iTunes experience .
The rampant success of similar music - analysis projects like Pandora , and sheer amount of chatter about Genius since its introduction , shows that there is an obvious interest in automated systems that can get to know our music libraries better than we do .
For the time being , though , Genius wo n't be near the top of the class until some more polish is applied and Apple can do something about all the false positives .
Original flash game « HATCH Today ( Purmyagithe ) | Main | HATCH Today ( DomDor ) » TONTOKO FAMILY ( GAME )
I finished an easy game as a break .
But it took 5 days .
I had better make this kind of games within 2 days or so .
[ HOW TO PLAY ]
[ a ] key is for a jump .
Jump Rocks . [ s ] key is for flapping at the fly .
flap at a cockroach , but do n't flap at a
beetle . [ d ] key is for a jump .
Jump across a gap . [ f ] key is a gas pedal and if you push it again , it turns a break .
please go across the road when the lift is up .
Your heart will loose when
you do n't move within a given time period .
* The lift does n't go down if the player is too close to the lift .
It would be very fun that you share keys with your family or brothers or sisters or friends or lover .
Let 's work together to complete it !
By the way , prizes include what I want .
Sponsored Links
Sponsored Links
* contribution rule
* contribution rule I would like you to understand that I will delete the posts that outright spoiler of the game or the link to the other walk - through site .
I made these games after suffering many hardships , so I hope everyone can enjoy them as long as possible .
Thank you for your cooperation .
Back to top
When Adam delved and Eve span , Who was then the gentleman ?
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- American International Group is the nation 's largest insurer and at the moment , Wall Street 's biggest worry .
On Tuesday night , the federal government announced an $ 85 billion rescue of the company .
Despite the company 's importance , the average American is probably not sure how , or why , its problems will affect them .
Here are five key questions and answers about AIG 's current woes and what they mean to you .
I have insurance through AIG .
How worried should I be about the problems at the company ?
At least in the short term , you probably do n't need to be worried at all .
The problems are with the AIG holding company , not the individual insurance company subsidiaries that you do business with , according to a source with New York State 's insurance regulator .
Even if AIG 's holding company is forced to file for bankruptcy court protection , there 's a good chance that the subsidiaries will continue to operate normally with no disruption in claims payments .
That has happened in the case of other insurance holding companies ' bankruptcies in the past , such as Conseco ( CNO ) .
What guarantees that my claims will be paid ?
Typically , if an insurance company falls into financial distress and is at risk of having claims that exceed the assets it holds to make those payments , the insurance regulator in its home state will take control of the firm and make payments .
The state regulator will not only use the firm's own assets to make those payments but , if necessary , can also make payments out of a state fund into which all insurers in the state are required to pay .
This guarantee applies not just to traditional insurance policies but also to retirement products that have a promised payout , such as annuities .
But there are limits to the payments that will be made to customers that vary depending on which state a particular AIG subsidiary is based , according to Joseph Belth , professor emeritus of insurance at Indiana University and editor of The Insurance Forum , a newsletter often critical of the industry .
Should I be thinking about changing my policy away from AIG to another insurer ?
While credit rating agencies downgraded debt held by AIG ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) on Monday , AIG 's ratings are still considered investment grade and the company 's insurance subsidiaries are considered to be secure , at least for now .
Belth said changing insurers is not a simple decision .
" A lot depends on what kind of insurance you talk about , " he said .
" If you 're talking about life insurance , you have to think about whether you can qualify with a new insurer , if your health has changed .
But it 's something you have to consider if the ratings decline into the vulnerable range . "
Why should I care about problems at AIG if I 'm not a customer ?
AIG is by far the world 's largest insurer and its stock is found in many mutual funds , including any S&P 500 index fund .
It is also a component of the Dow Jones industrial average .
All by itself , it 's been responsible for dragging the Dow down more than 400 points so far this year .
AIG is also active in the business of credit default swaps , complicated financial instruments used by investors to protect themselves from bond defaults .
Lehman Brothers ( LEH , Fortune 500 ) was another major player in that field .
If both go away , it would create a tighter credit market for consumers and businesses trying to get loans .
AIG is an insurer , not a lender .
Why do I keep hearing about its problems with subprime mortgages ?
All insurers take money they collect in premiums and invest them in different forms of assets .
The idea is to make money on those investments so that the insurer can keep their premiums low and attract more clients .
But AIG made a bigger investment into securities that were backed by subprime mortgages than most other insurers .
As defaults and foreclosures of those loans rose , the value of those securities fell , creating big problems for the firm .
In the past nine months , AIG has reported net losses of more than $ 18 billion , largely due to its exposure to bad mortgages .
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : aclunc@nc.rr.com
RALEIGH – The American Civil Liberties Union of North Carolina ( ACLU - NC ) today applauded the NC House of Representatives for taking an important stand against the controversial federal Real ID Act , a law imposing onerous new requirements for the issuance of drivers ' licenses .
House Bill 2136 passed overwhelmingly today with bipartisan support , by a vote of 69 - 45 .
Eleven ( 11 ) states have already passed legislation refusing to comply with Real ID , and if the NC Senate passes H. 2136 before the session adjourns this month , then North Carolina could become the twelfth ( 12th ) state to block implementation of this law .
" This is a terrific first step toward putting an end to Real ID , " said Jennifer Rudinger , Executive Director of the ACLU - NC .
" This law is an unworkable bureaucratic boondoggle that would result in many North Carolinians not being able to renew or obtain a drivers ' license , and moreover , it places an enormous economic burden on the states and the American taxpayers that North Carolina simply cannot afford . "
The Real ID Act passed Congress in 2005 without hearings and without debate .
It was attached to a must - pass appropriations bill that provided funding to American troops overseas and victims of the South Asian tsunami .
It has been at the center of controversy ever since .
Real ID requires that the databases of the Departments of Motor Vehicles of the 50 states and the U.S. territories must be linked to each other , a requirement that many privacy advocates claim increases the risk of identity theft .
The law also requires drivers ' licenses to have a machine readable zone .
In its final regulations on Real ID , the Department of Homeland Security did not require that this machine readable zone be encrypted , which raised the concerns of many consumer privacy advocates .
" Real ID would be a real nightmare , and North Carolina should join with other states around the country to block implementation of this law , " Rudinger said .
More than 400 people have died since late 2005 in bombings in Indian cities The Indian media has called for tougher laws and strategies to combat attacks by militant groups in the country .
This comes after serial blasts over the weekend killed at least 20 people in the capital , Delhi .
About 90 people were injured when five explosions went off in busy shopping areas within minutes of each other .
A Muslim militant group claimed responsibility in an e-mail to the media .
Over 400 people have died since late 2005 in bombings in Indian cities .
The Hindustan Times newspaper said that it was time that " firmer anti-terror laws are put in place - never mind where the suggestions come from " .
" Going by the way we conduct our post - attack investigations and put into place barriers against future attacks , one would be forgiven for thinking we are new to terrorism , " the newspaper said .
The Times of India also hinted at the need to impose tougher anti-terror laws .
" At this time of crisis , some of the liberties that we take for granted might have to be curbed to ensure that terrorists , who follow no norms and rules , are effectively restrained , " the paper said .
This is not an ideology as much as a " dare " - daring the state , daring ordinary citizens , daring democracy
Pratap Bhanu Mehta , Analyst " Such measures must be debated - if needed , in a special session of Parliament - by the major political parties and implemented as quickly as possible . "
The Indian Express criticised the federal government for not doing enough to prevent such attacks .
" ... they have simply not done enough to bring closure to any of the terrorist incidents of the past four years , to follow leads thoroughly , to crack the organisations behind the incidents and , consequently , their ability to surprise at another time , another place , " the newspaper wrote .
The Hindu said the spree of attacks " demonstrates that India 's police and intelligence services simply do not have the resources they need to confront an urban terror offensive , unprecedented in its scale and significance " .
The blasts scattered debris across a large area
The newspaper said that " no state affected by the bombings had upgraded its police forensics facilities , or hired counter - terrorism experts or created specially trained investigators " .
Mail Today said the authorities " must resist the temptation to blame the Muslim community " while carrying out their investigations .
" We do not need to point out that among those dead and injured [ in the Delhi blasts ] are Muslims . "
Analyst Pratap Bhanu Mehta , writing in The Indian Express , said : " No state has more experience of handling terrorism than India , yet there seems to have no institutional learning , reorganisation or innovation in dealing with it . "
Mr Mehta said it was unclear what groups behind these attacks were wanting or looking for .
" If this is a battle on behalf of Muslims , what sort of battle is this ?
For if nothing else , these acts make life more , not less , difficult for Indian Muslims .
" It is as if the terrorist is besotted more with the cult of violence than genuine care for Muslims whom he uses as a pretext . "
Mr Mehta said the " silver lining " is that these attacks had failed to provoke the backlash and trigger off religious rioting between Hindus and Muslims .
" Insofar as this polarisation does not become visible , at least something of a resistance to terrorists is being offered . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Rhodes Holidays 2014
An amazing fusion between romantic history and glorious modernity , a place where the infinity of the clear blue sea amazingly meets the mountains with cloud - topping peaks , the fascinating island of Rhodes in Greece exerts a strong attraction for thousands of visitors , from its secluded position in the middle of the Dodecanese complex .
Choose your hotel in Rhodes , Greece for your amazing Rhodes holidays you will never forget !
Each of Rhodos hotels , apartments and studios guarantees relaxing holidays , catering for all styles and budgets .
From the most exquisite tastes to the freedom of catering on your own , the accommodation offer in the island of Rhodes will impress you in diversity .
Relax on the lovely sand and pebbled beaches , explore the nature wonders at Epta Piges and The Valley of Butterflies , pay your respects to the impressing Acropolis in Lindos , at your next holidays on Rhodes , try your hand at water sports or discover the fascinating underwater universe while scuba diving - Rhodes keeps you busy every day of your vacation in Greece .
Are you windsurf passionate ?
The surfers ' paradise , Prasonissi , in the southern Rhodes , awaits you for true adrenaline Rhodes holidays .
Enjoy a fresh grilled fish or a Greek salad on a inviting taverna on the beach , drive to a fishermen village and try the mouth watering fresh seasoned sea food , indulge your senses with a fine dining in an exquisite restaurant in Rhodes town , overlooking the sea , refresh with an ice - coffee in a local bar mingling with the friendly locals , or simply sip your colorful cocktail on your hotel terrace while relaxing in front of a glorious Rodes sunset !
Every day of your Rhodes holidays is simply fascinating .
Every wish of a dream vacation will become reality in this amazing island , one of Greece 's top travel destinations !
So what are you waiting for ?
Check out the hotel offers and the car rental offers for your next holidays on Rhodes Island , and have your Rhodes Vacation 2014 booked today .
Toledo
Toledo ( Spain ) , city , central Spain , capital of Castile - La Mancha region and of Toledo Province , on the Tajo ( Tagus ) River , near Madrid .
The city is built on a promontory , about 732 m ( about 2400 ft ) above sea level , bordered on three sides by a gorge in the Tajo , with the land side protected by an inner and outer wall .
The most famous industry is the manufacture of swords , both by private companies and by a government factory .
Other manufactures include beer , confectionery , church ornaments , textiles , bricks , and fans .
Toledo has many towers , old gates , narrow , winding streets , massive houses , and predominantly Moorish architecture , which give it a medieval atmosphere .
In the center of the city rises the principal edifice , a Gothic cathedral ( 1227-1493 ) with 40 chapels .
Other noteworthy architectural features are the Gothic Church of San Juan de los Reyes and its adjoining convent , a gift ( 1476 ) of Ferdinand V , king of Castile , and his wife Isabella I ; El Tránsito , a synagogue ( 1366 ) that was converted to a church after the expulsion of the Jews in 1492 ; and the Church of Santo Tomé , originally a mosque and rebuilt as a Gothic church in the 14th century .
The churches of Toledo contain some of the greatest works of art in Spain , notably those by the painter El Greco .
On the highest ground stands the Alcázar , a vast , square edifice with four towers , now a military academy , around which the houses of Toledo are grouped in a semicircle .
The Plaza de Zocodover , built in the 7th century and later rebuilt by Moorish invaders , is a fashionable promenade and was long the site on which victims of the Inquisition were burned and bullfights took place .
Of pre-Roman origin , the city fell to the Romans about 193BC and was named Toletum .
From about AD534 to 712 , Toledo was the capital of the Visigothic kingdom in Spain and became a great ecclesiastical center .
After its conquest ( 712 ) by the Arabs , the city became an important Moorish center and in the 11th century the capital of a short - lived Moorish kingdom ( 1035 - 85 ) .
In 1085 , after a memorable siege , the city was captured by the forces of Castile and annexed to the Castilian realms , of which it was made the capital ( 1087 - 1560 ) .
From July to September 1936 , during the Spanish Civil War , rebel forces in the Alcázar were besieged for 70 days by Loyalist , or Republican , forces .
Population ( 1991 ) 63,561 .
windmills
advertising bull
Street Fighter Movie Hits in February
" Following the launch of the arcade video game Street Fighter IV in Summer 2009 , its Hollywood movie version Street Fighter is set to be released worldwide in February 2009 , " reads a portion of the company 's Annual Report 2008 .
The February release puts the movie in close proximity to the home versions of Street Fighter IV , which are slated to hit PC , PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 by March 31 , 2009 .
Starring Kristin Kreuk , Michael Clark Duncan , Neal McDonough and more , the Chun Li-focused flick , which does not include Street Fighter regulars Ken or Ryu , was written by Justin Marks and helemed by Doom film director Andrzej Bartkowiak .
Dedicated to Carol - Leigh and Robert Salles ( hitchhikers who fell in love ) and their two daughters , Claire - Louise and Chloe .
Study of Two Pears
Parts of a World
Study of Two Pears
The Collected Poems
saying
showing
ideal
given
of seeing the pear as the observer wills
with
must
as she is
The modes of proactivity in question are those that work with , rather than against , the grain of the given .
By this I mean there are forms of energetic flow and communicative influence already at play in the world .
An agent
in this mode is a kind of metaphysical hitchhiker , catching a ride in a vehicle that is already bound for her destination .
Or , more usually , via the hitchhiker 's communicative engagement with the driver of the vehicle , both the hitchhiker 's own plans and those of those of the driver are changed .
The vehicle heads for a destination that neither the hitchhiker nor the driver had previously entertained , but which now seems more in accordance with their true will than either of their previous destinations
engagement with
being commingled in
about
being in
as she is
really
When I last met with you I was exploring some aspects of Ludwig Wittgenstein 's philosophy ; in particular his conclusion that " What can be shown , cannot be said " ( TLP 4.1212 )
Many people found this a very puzzling statement because Wittgenstein seemed to spend a lifetime doing precisely the opposite , namely , saying rather than showing .
But a closer inspection of his philosophy reveals that this was not the case .
What makes his work almost unique in the Western philosophical canon is that it tries to get itself out of the way and to let the world speak to us in the particular local situation and context we find it .
In short , Wittgenstein desired that showing should take precedence over saying .
Wittgenstein 's specific desire in doing this was to free humanity from the many distorting philosophical and religious systems that have held it in thrall from time immemorial and he summed his work up by saying that he wished to " To show the fly the way out of the fly bottle .
"
The primary method Wittgenstein adopted to achieve this aim was to assemble what he called " reminders " ( PI 127 ) of the world as we encounter it ( this includes our use of language ) and he felt it was in this task that the philosopher 's true work consists .
A perfect illustration of what such an assembling of reminders is like can be found in Wallace Stevens ' poempublished in his 1942 collection .
The opening two Latin words mean " a little work that teaches .
" Opusculum paedagogum .
The pears are not viols , Nudes or bottles .
They resemble nothing else .
IIThey are yellow formsComposed of curvesBulging toward the base .
They are touched red .III They are not flat surfacesHaving curved outlines .
They are roundTapering toward the top .
IVIn the way they are modelled There are bits of blue .
A hard dry leaf hangs From the stem .
The yellow glistens .
It glistens with various yellows , Citrons , oranges and greens Flowering over the skin .
VIThe shadows of the pearsAre blobs on the green cloth .
The pears are not seenAs the observer wills .
In this poem Stevens succeeds in assembling for us a powerful reminder of the world as it presents itself to us and , although he appears to conclude bythat " pears are not seen as the observer wills " , in truth the preceding twenty - two lines have already done the work ofthis to be the case .
The power and truth of the final lines are born out of the preceding showing and have nothing to do with the final apparent saying .
Nothing is argued for and no metaphysical position is put forward ; all that is shown are pears on a green cloth .
The reason for looking at this poem , one which shows rather than says , is because it helps us , firstly , to identify a fundamental problem that lies at the heart of most modern thinking about the world and , secondly , to propose a practical , alternative way of thinking .
The fundamental problem revealed is how much modern human cultures privilege theover the .
They encourage their constituencies , not to look at the world and to encounter her living diverse modes as they actually present themselves , but to imagine , and then to try to actualise , alternative realities .
To remain with pears for a moment , modern cultures have become interested , not in harvesting them as they flourish naturally ( with all their delightful varietal idiosyncrasies - including their seasonal nature ) but with the creation and distribution of ideal pears ; pears available all the year round which have been aggressively and industrially modified for properties such as cold resistance , ripening time , skin colouration , and grafting compatibility .
To achieve this end the earth is regularly poisoned with chemicals designed to kill all varieties of insects and fungi that cause pears to be less than ideal , invasive genetic modification is carried out and then millions of gallons of fossil fuel are expended in refrigerating and distributing them around the world with all the carbon emissions that follow from such an endeavour .
This obsession with the ideal over the given -- is precisely what has led to the current ecological , economic , political and religious crises we are currently facing .
It is a view of the world that must , therefore , be challenged .
However , anyone wishing effectively to challenge this view needs to adopt an unusual approach - an approach offered up in part by Wittgenstein and Stevens .
For the current modern human view of Nature can only truly be challenged by the first place by accepting that it , too , is a given .
To seek , in one grand revolutionary gesture , to replace wholesale the old world - view with a new would simply perpetuate the already deeply problematic human tendency to privilege the ideal over the given .
Instead , what is required is to find an effective way of always working collaboratively with what is actually in front of us .
Of workingpears and human - beings as we actually encounter them in the world .
The only place to begin is by consciously and unsentimentaly assembling reminders of the world as she is .
Although this list will include many things that bring us great pleasure such as good and kind people , pears , apples , lilies of the field , birds of the air , fine wine and excellent bitters italso include all that we might in an ideal world wish to see excluded such as death , famine , drought , flooding , earthquakes , hurricanes , bugs and viruses that cause illness and sometimes death and also the fact that humanity remains capable of almost unimaginable violence and brutality .
Humanity 's sentimental and ultimately destructive desire for the ideal needs gently to be replace with a deep , passionate , erotic desire for the worldwith both her light and dark sides .
So ideas of God , heaven , perfect religions , philosophies and societies of any stripe have to be let go in favour of the world that is in front of us here and now .
This is what poetry like Stevens ' can help humanity achieve .
But accepting the world as she is is not where it stops - it is but a first difficult step along the way .
For once we have begun to give up the dangerous obsession with abstract ideals it becomes possible to engage in real dialogue with the world .
We begin to converse with it , work with its inner rhythms and limitations in our own local environments .
So this is not a version of quietism but a subtly different way of being proactive .
The philosopher Freya Mathews offers the following illustration : [ potentially you and me ]
Freya Mathews : Reinhabiting Reality - Towards a Recovery of Culture , 2005 , SUNY Press , NY , p. 39 ) .
In short , the metaphysical hitchhiker allows the world to be as it is , she lets things be , by not seeking to turn back processes and the inner unfolding dynamics already under way .
However , as she does this , she is proactive in seeking her own fulfilment throughalready existing unfoldings ( ibid. p. 39 ) .
Anyone gently adopting this way ofthe world ( and notice it is not an abstract beliefthe world but a way ofthe world ) begins to find that meaning and value in life is derived from an ongoing encounter with the worldand that there is no longer a requirement for any ideal , universal transcendent realities at all .
The practical business of a fulfilled spiritual , political , and economic life becomes , in the twinkling of an eye , not religion , politics or economics but simply a daily ongoing encounter with the world .
Finally , one understands what Layman P’ang ( 740 - 808 ) was going on about back in eighth - century China when he assembles his own reminder - his own opusculum paedagogum :
My daily affairs are quite ordinary ; but I ’m in total harmony with them .
I do n’t hold onto anything , do n’t reject anything ; Nowhere an obstacle or conflict .
Who cares about wealth and honour ?
Even the poorest thing shines .
My miraculous power and spiritual activity : Drawing water and carrying wood .
So next time younotice the world as she is and not as you want it to be why not try to hitch a ride and see where you end up ?
In so doing you , too , will begin to encounter Life 's miraculous power and spiritual activity .
Maybe Eclipse ’s black - hole - like splash screen is more appropriate than its designers realize .
Eclipse ’s open architecture has enabled the creation of countless useful plugins , and that ’s helped maintain its position as the leading Java IDE .
But as plugins compound upon plugins , bugs and compatibility issues have been surfacing increasingly frequently , and I ’m starting to get the sense the Eclipse developers have lost control .
I spent considerable time downloading Ganymede today for only one reason : I wanted to try the new JAX - WS WSDL First project wizard .
It would be hard to come up with a geekier , more obscure name than that , but in essence the feature promised to allow me to create a web service with the click of a button , following various best practices .
With great anticipation ( okay , I ’m exaggerating ; with vague hopefulness ) I downloaded Ganymede , and decided to try the wizard with the CXF web service library .
Here ’s the error I got :
Error instantiating builder ' org.eclipse.stp.sc.annvalidator ' .
Plug-in org.eclipse.stp.sc.annvalidator was unable to load class org.eclipse.stp.sc.annvalidator.builder.AnnValidator .
What ?
Did they even test this ?
And who is Ann Validator anyway ?
A quick Google search turned up incomprehensible articles with titles like “ AnnValidator missing from Ganymede Update ” .
The gist of the articles was basically “ oh yeah , we should clean up our releases better ” .
I ’m probably oversimplifying the Eclipse point of view , but I do n’t really care .
The point is , now I have to research an obscure problem in order to perform something that should be the most basic of activities – creating a simple web service , using a fresh download of a supposedly mature IDE .
There is only one thing keeping me from switching to Netbeans immediately and recommending that everyone dump Eclipse : I ’m still waiting for a good Perforce plugin .
Okay , two things : I ’m also addicted to Max Uermann ’s Goto File plugin .
The company which made the milk is accused of a cover - up A total of 1,253 Chinese children have fallen ill after drinking contaminated milk powder , and two babies have died , China 's health ministry says .
It confirmed the big jump in the numbers affected at a news conference .
" As many as 10,000 infants may have drunk the contaminated Sanlu milk powder , " vice health minister Ma Shaowei warned .
Meanwhile , the New Zealand government has accused the company concerned - and local officials - of failing to act .
The company at the centre of the growing scandal , Sanlu Group , is part - owned by New Zealand 's Fonterra Cooperative , the country 's biggest dairy producer .
The New Zealand Prime Minister Helen Clark said her government contacted Beijing directly , after alerting the company and officials but to no avail .
Estimates rising Mr Ma said in Beijing that 340 children remained in hospital , and that out of these 53 were in a serious condition .
In this case we frankly have sabotage of a product .
Our hearts go out to the parents and the infants who were affected
Andrew Ferrier
Fonterra chief executive
He confirmed earlier reports in the state media that two babies had died from drinking milk powder produced by Sanlu Group , both of them in north - west China 's Gansu province .
Cases of contamination have also been reported in the provinces of Hebei and Jiangsu .
The government is investigating how the contamination occurred .
Official media is reporting that melamine , an industrial chemical rich in nitrogen , was added to the milk powder to help the food appear rich in protein , but it also prompted babies to develop kidney stones .
Reports are now emerging of some mothers expressing doubts about the milk as early as March this year , on seeing that their babies ' urine was discoloured after drinking the milk .
Government told New Zealand Prime Minister Helen Clark said her government learned of the contamination problem on September 5 , then three days later decided to inform Beijing after local Chinese officials refused to act .
New Zealand ambassador to China Tony Brown was deputised to tell the Chinese government .
" We were the whistle - blowers and they [ the Chinese government ] leapt in and ensured there was action on the ground , " Ms Clark said .
Fonterra had " been trying for weeks to get official recall and the local authorities in China would not do it " , Ms Clark told TVNZ .
" I think the first inclination was to try and put a towel over it and deal with it without an official recall , " she said .
Meanwhile , Sanlu 's minority partner , Fonterra , has accused Sanlu of sabotage .
" In this case we frankly have sabotage of a product , " Fonterra 's chief executive Andrew Ferrier told reporters .
" Our hearts go out to the parents and the infants who were affected , " he added .
Under pressure in New Zealand to explain why Fonterra had not gone public with its concerns about the product sooner , Mr Ferrier said his conscience was clear .
He said Fonterra had known of the contamination in early August and wanted an immediate recall but that Sanlu had had to abide by Chinese rules .
" We together with Sanlu have done everything that we possibly could to get the product off the shelf , " Ferrier said , speaking to New Zealand reporters by video from Singapore .
Arrests
All 19 people detained in connection with the scandal so far are from the stations which pick up milk from dairy farmers , the state - controlled China Daily newspaper reported .
It said the contamination probably happened at the milk - collecting stations .
Meanwhile , state news agency Xinhua reported that two brothers had been arrested , having allegedly added melamine to the 3 tonnes of milk they sold on from farmers every day .
Taiwan said late on Sunday it was banning all imports of Sanlu dairy products immediately .
It is not believed that the milk powder was exported to any other country .
In 2004 , at least 13 babies died in the eastern province of Anhui after drinking fake milk powder .
Melamine was linked to the deaths and illness of thousands of cats and dogs in the United States last year after it was added to pet food components exported from China .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
[ / caption ]
In May , Swiss adventurer Yves Rossy , who calls himself “ Fusionman , ” flew with a jetpack strapped to his back for just 5 minutes .
Today he soared from France to England across the English Channel , becoming the first person to cross the 35 km ( 22 miles ) body of water in such a way .
Rossy , a pilot who normally flies an Airbus airliner , was dropped from an airplane over France and used his specially made jetpack , flying at speeds of up to 193 kph ( 120 mph ) to make the crossing in 13 minutes .
“ Everything was perfect , ” he said afterwards .
“ I showed that it is possible to fly a little bit like a bird . ”
See more images and video below .
The 49 - year - old Rossy , told the BBC the most tense moment was when he jumped from the aircraft “ because I did have many problems during exits before . ”
He ignited the four kerosene - burning jets on the jetpack inside a plane before jumping out more than 2,440 meters ( 8,000 feet ) above ground .
He made a perfect exit and quickly set the correct course by aiming for the cliffs of Dover .
After a period of free fall he opened the wing and soared across the water .
With no steering controls , the only way to change direction was like a bird , moving his head and back .
Rossy ’s jet - powered wing , which spans eight feet , is made of lightweight carbon composite and weighs about 55 kg ( 120 lb ) including fuel .
Rossy has to wear a flameproof suit to help him withstand the jet exhaust around his legs .
When the white cliffs of Dover came into view , he opened a blue and yellow parachute and drifted down in light winds to land in a British field where he was mobbed by well - wishers .
Rossy celebrated his flight with a champagne shower .
He had postponed the flight twice earlier this week due to poor weather .
His future plans include flying over the Grand Canyon , taking off from a standing position on the ground and performing acrobatics .
Watch a video of his landing here .
Previous Universe Today article on Fusionman .
Sources : Reuters , Times Online
From C
This code reads in an arbitrarily long string without calling malloc more than once by calling itself recursively .
/* This code was originally taken from comp.lang .c * news:pan.2005.11.28.12.14.54.651503@erinye.com *
It has been fairly heavily modified .
* * A bug / feature remains : malloc failures are not propagated .
The * feature is that only the part of the line for which there is enough * memory available is allocated .
The rest of the line is unavoidably lost .
* *
The better solution is to propagate any memory allocation failure all * the way back up to rfgets ( ) .
Then , the caller would be responsible * for calling feof and ferror to see whether EOF , or malloc failure or * input error caused the NULL return .
*/ /* * rfgets.c * dynamically allocating fgets * daniel.
fischer at iitb.fraunhofer.de */ #include < stdio.h > # include < stdlib.h > # include < string.h > enum { RFGETS_CHUNK_SIZE
= 32 } ; static char * rfg ( FILE * f , size_t n ) { char b[ RFGETS_CHUNK_SIZE + 1 ] , * const e = b + sizeof b - 2 , * p ; size_t x ; /* store ' \0 ' in the second - to - last character of b */ *e = ' \0 ' ; /* read into b */ if (! fgets ( b , sizeof b , f ) ) return 0 ; /* check for an incomplete line */ if ( * e != ' \0 ' && *e != '
' && ( p = rfg ( f , n + ( x = sizeof b - 1 ) ) ) ) return memcpy ( p - x , b , x ) ; /* this is the end of the line ( or EOF ) ; allocate a buffer for the line */ else if ( ( p = malloc( n + ( x = strlen ( b ) + 1 ) ) ) ) return memcpy ( p + n , b , x ) ; else return 0 ; } char * rfgets ( FILE * f ) { return rfg ( f , 0 ) ; } int main ( void ) { char * line ; for ( ; line = rfgets ( stdin ) ; free ( line ) ) printf ( " >>%s <<
" , line ) ; if ( ! feof ( stdin ) ) puts ( " Error ? " ) ; return 0 ; }
Revolutionary Politics
Friday , September 5 , 2008
On September 2nd 2008 , Jesse Ventura granted an interview to Fox News with Neil Cavuto at the Rally for the Republic in Minneapolis Minnesota .
Our crew including members of Eclipptv.com , RepubicMedia.tv , and RevolutionaryPolitics.com was also there to capture the interview .
The former Governor talks about how he thinks “ The Ron Paul Movement could be the start of a third party ” in a possible presidential run in 2012 .
He also talks about how the mainstream media is in the pockets of the two - party system and how through a third party we would rise up and take our country back !
Mr. Ventura goes on about how Bob Dole and former President Bill Clinton formed the Federal Debate Commission killing the hopes of future third - party candidates …
He wraps up the interview with a slight on Bill O’Reilly saying “ Actually I ’d like to do Bill O’Reilly but he ’s too much of a coward to have me on ! ”
For some Reason Fox Business News failed to air the interview … .
BUT WE WILL NOT ALLOW JESSE VENTURA TO BE CENSORED !!!!
This article was posted : Friday , September 5 , 2008 at 11:49 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Jon dissects Sean Hannity 's ridiculous , sycophantic interview with hockey mom Sarah Palin .
Download Download
Hannity : Is Senator Obama then using what happened on Wall Street this week ?
Is he using it for political gain ?
Is there a danger of a presidential candidate is saying to the world that America 's situation of economic crisis is the worst that we 've seen in decades — which was words that he was using yesterday — is there a danger in terms of the world hearing that ?
Stewart : " I mean , Sarah , answer this for me : Should n't we be lying to the world ?
For instance , what if we told the world the stock market was like golf scores , lower numbers are better .
Apparently for Sean Hannity , the greatest in an economic free - fall is acknowledging it .
It 's the Wile E. Coyote theory applied to economics . "
Syed Saleem Shahzad
Asia Times Online
September 23 , 2008
Pakistani authorities have compared Saturday evening ’s devastating truck suicide attack on the Marriott Hotel in the capital Islamabad to the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the United States .
In terms of its psychological effect , the blast , which killed more than 80 people , injured hundreds and burnt out the hotel , has traumatized the nation , and , like 9/11 , marks the beginning of a new battle : this time not the “ war on terror ” , but the war by terrorists .
Pakistan is now the declared battleground in this struggle by Islamic militants to strike first against American interests before the United States ’ war machine completes its preparations to storm the sanctuaries of al - Qaeda in Pakistan .
The attack on one of the hotels in the chain of the US Marriott group was one of the worst in Pakistan ’s history and involved the sophisticated use of over 600 kilograms of TNT explosive blended with RDX and phosphorous , detonated when a truck rammed into a security barricade in front of the hotel .
Among the dead were the Czech ambassador to Pakistan , two US Marines , members of the US embassy staff , Saudi nationals and other European diplomats .
More than 250 people were injured and dozens of parked cars were destroyed .
Read article
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Poster : brewster Date : Jul 30 , 2008 9:57 am Forum : announcements Subject : NASA Images project launched
Internet Archive is working with NASA to make the still images and moving images from the history of the space program available online .
Very cool .
http://www.nasaimages.org
Christian Science Monitor mention .
Here is the press release from NASA : David E. Steitz Headquarters , Washington July 24 , 2008 202-358-1730 david.steitz@nasa.gov Paul Hickman Internet Archive 415-462-1509 , 415-561-6767 paul@archive.org RELEASE : 08-173 NASA AND INTERNET ARCHIVE LAUNCH CENTRALIZED RESOURCE FOR IMAGES WASHINGTON -- NASA and Internet Archive , a non-profit digital library based in San Francisco , made available the most comprehensive compilation ever of NASA 's vast collection of photographs , historic film and video Thursday .
Located at www.nasaimages.org, the Internet site combines for the first time 21 major NASA imagery collections into a single , searchable online resource .
A link to the Web site will appear on the www.nasa.gov home page .
The Web site launch is the first step in a five - year partnership that will add millions of images and thousands of hours of video and audio content , with enhanced search and viewing capabilities , and new user features on a continuing basis .
Over time , integration of www.nasaimages.org with www.nasa.gov will become more seamless and comprehensive .
" This partnership with Internet Archive enables NASA to provide the American public with access to its vast collection of imagery from one searchable source , unlocking a new treasure trove of discoveries for students , historians , enthusiasts and researchers , " said NASA Deputy Administrator Shana Dale .
" This new resource also will enable the agency to digitize and preserve historical content now not available on the Internet for future generations . "
Through a competitive process , NASA selected Internet Archive to manage the NASA Images Web site under a non-exclusive Space Act agreement , signed in July 2007 .
The five - year project is at no cost to the taxpayer and the images are free to the public .
" NASA 's media is an incredibly important and valuable national asset .
It is a tremendous honor for the Internet Archive to be NASA 's partner in this project , " says Brewster Kahle , founder of Internet Archive .
" We are excited to mark this first step in a long - term collaboration to create a rich and growing public resource . "
The content of the Web site covers all the diverse activities of America 's space program , including imagery from the Apollo moon missions , Hubble Space Telescope views of the universe and experimental aircraft past and present .
Keyword searching is available with easy - to - use resources for teachers and students .
Internet Archive is developing the NASA Images project using software donated by Luna Imaging Inc. of Los Angeles and with the generous support of the Kahle - Austin Foundation of San Francisco .
For more information about NASA and agency programs , visit : http://www.nasa.gov
For more information about Internet Archive , visit : http://www.archive.org
- end-
This post was modified by brewster on 2008-07-30 16:56:26
This post was modified by brewster on 2008-07-30 16:57:52
Exclusive to STR
September 30 , 2008
It does n't have to be anything as dramatic as being dragged into court on criminal charges , though that certainly qualifies .
It might be a routine traffic stop , whether or not the cop issues you a fine .
It might be a nastygram sent via the U.S. postal monopoly from the IRS .
It may only be one of those absurd forms the U.S. Census Bureau mails to us every ten years .
Any , and , or . . . you 've already lost .
Bureaucrats , you see , produce nothing .
They only consume the fruits of others taken at gunpoint .
What they also consume is our time , which is irreplaceable .
Let 's look at a more concrete hypothetical example .
John Q. needs to conduct some quick business at the local bank this afternoon , and it 's already 20 minutes of five .
Further , John has to pick up his kids at the daycare center , as his wife , Jane , called him earlier to say that she'd be working late at the office , and would n't be able to make it on time .
So , with his own work hours already over for the day , John makes a beeline straight from his employer 's parking lot for downtown .
The drive , even though John deliberately exceeds the posted speed limit by ten miles an hour , takes an equal number of minutes , and now things are right down to the wire .
He pulls into a space at curbside in front of the bank , darts from the car , and then spies the parking meter .
Shooting it an exasperated glance , and still walking towards the bank entrance , he fumbles in his pocket for some change .
He then remembers he'd spent the last of his coins this morning before work at the local country store , purchasing a newspaper and a doughnut .
Needing only a scant few minutes to square away affairs with the bank , he ignores the meter , and sallies inside .
The bank teller is both courteous and expedient , as well as understanding .
Folks are busy these days , she tells John with a smile , and he is far from the first customer she has assisted at the eleventh hour .
Relieved , and glad to have taken care of loose ends , John thanks her , and exits the bank eight minutes later , smiling .
For the moment .
There is a slip of paper tucked prominently under the driver 's side windshield wiper on John 's car .
Smile slowly fading , he removes it , and has a look .
It is a ticket ' a fine , in other words ' for the sum of five dollars , payable in full to the town in which John has parked his car and transacted his business .
He glances around , hoping to spot the policeman or meter maid who issued the ticket ( it is handwritten , and bears an illegible signature ) , but no dice .
Whoever the busybody bureaucrat was who delivered this nasty little present , they are no longer in evidence .
Disgusted and disgruntled , John gets in his car and pulls away , tossing the ticket on the dashboard where it is at least slightly out of sight .
Out of mind is another matter for John , however , and en route to the daycare center , he begins reviewing his options with respect to this latest incursion of government into his life and wallet .
He can , of course , contest the fine in court .
This will , however , require missing some work hours , and this is hardly justifiable given the amount of the fine versus the money he will lose ' after all federal and state taxes , of course -- by being absent from his job .
Further , he has little hope of winning such a case , given the language of the town ordinances , to say nothing of the fact that the district attorney , the judge , and the officer who issued the fine in the first place are all employed by the same institution purporting to impose the fine in the first place .
So much for any prospect of a ' fair ' trial .
Then there is the time and aggravation involved in presenting his case to begin with to think about .
John would far rather be spending time with his kids , his wife , reading , and trout fishing than poring over reams and reams of local traffic law .
As he drives , John ponders his other options , of which there are precisely two :
He can simply write the check and pay the fine ( eating the cost of both the check , and sufficient government postage to ensure it arrives in the hands of whatever nameless , faceless bureaucrat will deposit it into the town 's coffers to boot ) , or simply ignore it altogether .
Crumple it up and pitch it in the trash .
This is the most tempting of all three available alternatives , and pulling into the daycare center 's parking lot ( which , thankfully , is private property and bears no meters in evidence ) , John contemplates the benefits of such a course of action against the potential consequences .
It may well be that the whole incident will be forgotten ; that somewhere in the bungling bureaucracy , the fine imposed upon John will be overlooked , deleted , or accidentally lost in the shuffle .
This is a calculated risk , however .
With 21st Century computer technology at their command , government bureaucrats are far less prone than in prior times to lose track of the records necessary to perpetuate kleptocracy .
So if the fine is not so easily forgotten , where does this leave John ?
Likely , he 'd first receive a nastygram through the government postal monopoly ( after all , they 'll have his address from having recorded his license plate number ' read tax ID number ) , reminding him of his ' obligation ' to pay the fine .
Should he trash and ignore one or two of these friendly little ' reminders , ' likely he 'll receive a summons to local traffic court .
Should he ignore that , his state - issued driver 's license will be suspended , and a ' bench warrant ' issued for his arrest .
Meaning , of course , that they may not come to his house , but if he is pulled over by the fuzz anytime from here to the end of his life in his ' state ' of residence , he 'll be making a trip to jail .
Unless , of course , he resists that arrest , in which case he can expect to be beaten , tased , or even shot for his egregious non-compliance with a costumed government ' official . '
And if they do come to his house , even if it 's years later ( Note : the author recalls one such incident in Lewiston , Maine , in 1995 , where a married woman with three children was handcuffed right on her front doorstep , hauled to jail , and forced to pay a $ 300 fine for failing to pay a parking ticket she received while a student at the University of New Hampshire back in 1979 ) , he can likely expect the same .
Sighing , John gets out of the car to bring his kids home .
When they all get there , he figures he 'll be writing a check , and preparing to drop it in tomorrow 's mail .
This is dealing with government , friends .
There is no way ' none ' to ' win . '
At best , any contact with government or bureaucrats whatsoever , however slight or seemingly insignificant , is merely a matter of damage control .
It 's simply a matter of choosing the course that eats up a minimum of your time and money so that you can go back to doing something productive , recreational ' or , in the best of all circumstances ' both .
There is no possible victory so long as government exists .
For as I hope I 've shown , with government , you 've already lost .
In the early 90s a man named Joe Ades began showing up in the bar at the Pierre , Manhattan ’s famously posh hotel on the corner of Fifth Avenue and East 61st Street .
Joe liked the crowd at the Café Pierre , but the real draw for him was Kathleen Landis , the dimpled , piano - playing house chanteuse who still entertains there five nights a week .
[ #image : / photos/54cbfe072cba652122d942 bf ]
Joe was a five - nights - a- week man as well , always seated at the same round table with a front view of the baby grand and a back view of Landis .
He drank only champagne , and never alone .
His usual brand was Veuve Clicquot .
On most nights he casually ordered a bottle , which always appeared with two champagne glasses — one for himself , the other for Landis .
Even by the standards of café society , Joe cut a noticeably soigné figure in his classic , British - made Chester Barrie suits and bold shirts and ties from Turnbull & Asser .
The clothes went well with his English accent and late - period Sean Connery salt - and - pepper beard .
He looked so distinguished and was so free with the bubbly that the Café Pierre crowd , Landis included , at first had him pegged as one of the “ owners ” — the tycoons who actually live at the Pierre in stupendously high - end co-op apartments .
The Café Pierre was way off about Joe , or so it decided after some probing .
If no one was brave enough to ask him where he lived , quite a few people asked him what he did for a living .
Holding his glass of champagne by the stem , Joe would say simply , “ I sell potato peelers . ”
The probers had a good chuckle over that .
“ Right , ” they all said .
“ Now pull the other one . ”
While walking the streets in the months that followed , some of the probers , who may have still doubted him , came upon Joe in the middle of a spiel with a crowd gathered around him at some busy corner .
He sat on a campstool , peeler in hand , and performed all manner of surgical wonders on carrots , zucchini , and Idaho potatoes .
A long slab of Lucite served as his worktable , which rested on storage bins filled with all his produce .
The table and his campstool were so low to the ground that he worked from a perpetual crouch , like a catcher .
Meanwhile , he kept up a constant patter of inspired stretchers and persiflage belted out at the top of his lungs in a scratchy , theatrical Cockney singsong .
After three or four minutes — not before — he announced the price of his “ machine , ” as he called it , produced a wad of bills from his left coat pocket , and began dealing peelers as fast as he could to the outstretched hands flapping money in his face .
As if all this were n’t astonishing enough , he had on his beautiful café attire , only now bits of potato peel flecked his lapels , and sometimes , when he bowed his head low over an operation , sweat from his brow coursed its way down the ridge of his nose and dripped onto the cuffs of his Turnbull & Asser shirt .
Joe is still working the peeler in New York .
This past December he turned 72 , but unless there ’s snow on the ground he ’s out pitching .
Joe loves the peeler , which he sells for $ 5 .
“ I love it for several reasons , ” he says .
“ It ’s portable ; it works ; I never get a complaint .
Never ever .
When people first see it they do n’t believe it .
They buy it skeptically , cynically .
They ca n’t believe it ’s going to do what I say it ’ll do , but they take a chance and they buy it .
And during the course of the sale , somebody will walk past — always do — and say , ‘ I got one of those .
They ’re great !’
And it ’s true — they ’re not shills .
You do n’t need a shill with something like this . ”
Looking to put pressure on Intel once again in the high - end market , sources say AMD plans on releasing the AMD Phenom FX in mid-2009 on its new AM3 socket platform .
AMD previously acknowledged that AM3 processors will work in AM2 sockets but not the reverse .
AMD is attempting to bring back their FX - line of processors in mid-2009 according to documents Tom ’s Hardware saw .
Although little is known about the specifications of these processors , we do know they will be based on the Deneb FX core , feature four processing engines , have shared level - three cache and be based on a 45 nm manufacturing process .
The FX - branding used by AMD in the past had represented products of unmatched performance for enthusiasts who were willing to spend a hefty premium to have the extra performance .
The Athlon FX line - up was the last to use processors with the FX - branding and were in production from 2003 to 2006 .
The Athlon FX processors featured unlocked multipliers and offered the highest clockings of the AMD processors available .
With the great success of Intel ’s Core 2 Duo processors in 2006 , AMD lost the performance crown it once had held and was forced to focus on mid and entry - level offerings instead , ending production of the Althon FX .
AMD continued to offer processors that featured unlocked processors with its Black Edition line - up of Athlon and Phenom processors , which were offered at a fair price for those looking for an overclockable processor and still loyal to AMD .
Much the same as AMD ’s FX processors , Intel ’s Extreme Edition processors offer high clock rates and unlocked multipliers , with similarly high prices .
If history serves us well , these upcoming FX processors will likely carry the name AMD Phenom FX , carry with them a steep price and offer clock - speeds higher than their future mainstream brethren .
Future AMD processors produced using 45nm process technology are expected to reach 3.0GHz in speed , possibly putting the AMD Phenom FX processors at over 3GHz .
As of now , the Deneb FX processor is the only " FX " label planned for 2009 .
ST . PAUL , Minnesota ( CNN ) --
Watching delegates file into the Republican National Convention , it 's easy to see one big challenge facing their party : Fewer than 2 percent of the delegates are black .
Thirty - six of the 2,380 Republican delegates are black , according to the nonpartisan Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies .
That number marks a 78 percent decline from 2004 , the lowest representation in 40 years and a huge deficit when compared to the 1,079 delegates at last week 's Democratic National Convention , according to the think tank report .
Clarence McKee , a black Republican delegate , said he believes the party 's pro-family message is one that would resonate well with the African - American community , but he said , " Historically , blacks have voted based on a blind loyalty to Democrats . "
McKee , communications chairman for Florida 's Broward County Republican Executive Committee , said , " We are the ones losing out in the game . "
Polls show black voters heavily favor Democratic candidate Sen. Barack Obama -- with about 90 percent picking him over the Republican candidate , Sen. John McCain .
But GOP candidates historically do not win much of the black vote .
President Bush received 11 percent of the African - American vote when he ran against Sen. John Kerry in 2004 .
McCain apparently is n't blind to the odds against him .
After going over some of his outreach efforts , the senator from Arizona told Essence magazine , " But does that mean in my campaign I am going to get a majority of the African - American vote ?
Probably not .
" But what it does mean , what I 've committed to , is assuring and promising all Americans whether they vote for me or not , I am going to be their president . "
McKee said the black community has a problem " cutting the umbilical cord from the Democrats . "
" There 's a lot of peer pressure for blacks to stay with the Democrats , " he said , noting that African - Americans often face ridicule when they align with Republicans .
Politics aside , some blacks have said they want to vote for Obama because it 's historic to have an African - American in the race .
Still , others said voting on the basis of skin color is further evidence of a racial divide .
Read about how some black Republicans feel about the Obama candidacy
" It 's been 45 years since Dr. King spoke about ' I Have a Dream , ' " said Lenny McAllister , an African - American conservative blogger , referring to the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 's historic 1963 speech in Washington .
" One of the things he talked about was content of character , not the color of one 's skin .
It 's when we 're able to do that comfortably in an accepted fashion in America [ is ] when we 'll be able to grow and move forward as a country and move past the wounds that we 've had from race relations throughout the country . "
The Obama campaign said the notion that black voters are supporting the Democrat solely on racial lines is " flat - out false . "
Obama has African - Americans ' support because he is the better candidate , said campaign spokesman Corey Ealons .
" If you were watching last week the scene at Mile High stadium and saw the diversity of the crowd , you would have a greater appreciation for the broad support Obama has , " he said , referring to the turnout for the Democratic nominee 's acceptance speech at the Denver , Colorado , convention .
However , the GOP 's lack of black support is not because of a lack of effort , according to officials with the Republican National Committee .
The RNC has employed a full - time press secretary to work with African - American media .
McCain and Republicans have worked to have a presence with the NAACP , the National Black Chamber of Commerce and other minority advocacy groups .
To make inroads with black voters , McKee said Republicans need to do three things : get African - Americans to vote on philosophy and principle , make sure those voters register and then showcase them to the community so they do n't seem like such anomalies .
As how it feels to be a black delegate in a sea of white colleagues , McKee said it 's nothing new to him .
" I always stand up for principle .
We are used to being a minority , " he said .
All About Republican Party • African - American Issues
Dipping into Greek East and Latin West .
The Church AD 681-1071 as bedtime reading is probably not such a good idea , but does lead to interesting discoveries .
I knew of course that one of the differences between East and West is their use in the Eucharist of leavened and unleavened bread respectively .
I may even have heard that there have been controversies over it .
But I did not know that it was the most explicitly invoked issue in the controversies of 1054 .
And , quite frankly , I do n’t think that I would ever have been inclined to take it seriously as a cause of division .
But the background that Father Louth provides is interesting .
It turns out that the Greeks interpreted the Latin use of unleavened bread against the background of their contacts with the Armenians , who also used unleavened bread .
And given that the Armenians were so - called monophysites , their use of unleavened bread was interpreted against the background of their defective Christology
… in contrast to “ the substance of our [ human ] dough , ” which is “ ensouled ” and is what “ the Word of God assumed and of which he became its hypostasis . ”
With this play on words , the argument is moving from being about the nature of the eucharistic bread to the nature of the Incarnation ; the one mirrors the other , the leavened bread of the Eucharist mirroring the “ ensouled nature ” that , according to orthodox Christology , the Word assumed .
Advocates of unleavened bread are both caught in the Old Testament , prior to the Incarnation , and betray a Christology in which the human nature that Christ assumes is defective … ( 312-313 )
The Latins , by contrast , based their use of unleavened bread ( which they probably introduced for practical reasons ) on the supposed practice of Jesus in celebrating the Passover meal .
They interpreted this against the background of Paul ’s words in 1 Corinthians 5:6 - 8 , which in Latin read “ Do you not know that a little leaven corrupts the whole dough ? ”
Father Louth comments :
Two systems of symbolism , focused on the same liturgical act , developed , but they took their inspiration from the stark contradiction of leavened or unleavened bread .
The refusal , on either side , to enter the symbolic world of the other could be presented as a fundamental apostasy .
The Latins , with their unleavened bread , were Judaizing , or shrinking from acknowledging the full humanity of Christ ( an objection that worked better against the Armenians ) ; the Greeks , with their leavened bread , were virtual Marcionites , discarding the Old Covenant in celebrating the Passover with his disciples .
( 314 )
This serves to underline the fundamental role that symbolic worlds play the challenge of entering into the symbolic world of the other .
“ People get confused by the words and the mental image they get , ” said Katherine Flegal , senior research scientist at the C.D.C. ’s National Center for Health Statistics .
“ People may think , ‘ How could it be that a person who is so huge would n’t have health problems ? ’
But people with B.M.I.’s of 25 are pretty unremarkable . ”
Several studies from researchers at the Cooper Institute in Dallas have shown that fitness  determined by how a person performs on a treadmill  is a far better indicator of health than body mass index .
In several studies , the researchers have shown that people who are fat but can still keep up on treadmill tests have much lower heart risk than people who are slim and unfit .
In December , a study in The Journal of the American Medical Association looked at death rates among 2,600 adults 60 and older over 12 years .
Notably , death rates among the overweight , those with a B.M.I. of 25 to 30 , were slightly lower than in normal weight adults .
Death rates were highest among those with a B.M.I. of 35 or more .
But the most striking finding was that fitness level , regardless of body mass index , was the strongest predictor of mortality risk .
Those with the lowest level of fitness , as measured on treadmill tests , were four times as likely to die during the 12 - year study than those with the highest level of fitness .
Even those who had just a minimal level of fitness had half the risk of dying compared with those who were least fit .
During the test , the treadmill moved at a brisk walking pace as the grade increased each minute .
In the study , it did n’t take much to qualify as fit .
For men , it meant staying on the treadmill at least 8 minutes ; for women , 5.5 minutes .
The people who fell below those levels , whether fat or thin , were at highest risk .
The results were adjusted to control for age , smoking and underlying heart problems and still showed that fitness , not weight , was most important in predicting mortality risk .
Stephen Blair , a co-author of the study and a professor at the Arnold School of Public Health at the University of South Carolina , said the lesson he took from the study was that instead of focusing only on weight loss , doctors should be talking to all patients about the value of physical activity , regardless of body size .
“ Why is it such a stretch of the imagination , ” he said , “ to consider that someone overweight or obese might actually be healthy and fit ? ”
Watching John McCain ’s economics speech in Wisconsin .
It ’s like watching a modern day Herbert Hoover live .
He really does n’t get it .
( I ’ll be writing more as review on Tivo ) :
– What ’s up with McCain ’s left eye ?
– John McCain is giving us his “ educated guess ” on what started the current financial crisis – this from the man who said : “ I ’m going to be honest : I know a lot less about economics than I do about military and foreign policy issues .
I still need to be educated ”
– So John McCain just said that Fannie and Freddie are to blame for our current economic crisis .
Seriously ?
That was the big problem ?
– McCain just lied and said that Franklin Raines has been advising Obama on housing policy .
From Franklin Raines : “ I am not an advisor to Barack Obama , nor have I provided his campaign with advice on housing or economic matters . ”
Obama ’s campaign put that out in a statement last night .
( link coming )
– McCain just said Obama should “ admit to his own poor judgment in contributing to these problems ” – Right , it ’s Obama ’s fault , not McCain who has been in Washington for decades and was Chairman of the Commerce Committee – McCain really has no shame .
– He ’s going on about the lack of transparency in the financial markets – that would come in the form of regulation – something that McCain and the Republican Party have argued against for a generation .
And the public is supposed to believe that this John McCain is different from the John McCain who Tuesday said do n’t bail out AIG .
Oh of course , because this is the John McCain who on Wednesday said we should .
Wonder which John McCain would become President ?
The deathbed convert or the decades long deregulating Republican ?
– McCain just said that the regulatory agencies were lax at carrying out their responsibilities .
Maybe a Republican administration is going to encourage that environment ?
Say like they did during the Keating Five scandal ?
When John McCain was in the room with the regulators pressuring them to be more lax ?
Uh huh …
– “ The Chairman of the FEC should resign and be replaced . ”
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhmwSBBPmq0]
Clearly he was talking about the SEC’s Chris Cox , but even still , this financial crisis goes WAY past just the SEC and McCain does n’t get it .
He ’s standing behind a huge gaffe , just like the Spain one .
He ’s really being reckless in covering up these mistakes .
When is the media going to start calling him out on this stuff ?
– McCain is proposing a Homeland Security - style single regulatory body for all financial markets .
Yeah , Katrina did n’t show the failure of that approach .
– He went through a castigation of the Fed and basically told them to stay out of this – I mean , does he really not understand that the Fed was designed to regulate the financial markets ?
These investment and insurance companies , given their enormous size , are effectively a part of the financial services system .
That was the rationale for nationalizing them instead of letting them fail .
The Fed has been doing exactly what they are supposed to .
Now the Treasury Department , that ’s a different question – does McCain know the difference ?
After years on the Commerce Committee one would expect so , but maybe not .
– McCain is saying that his tax plan , a xerox copy of Bush ’s , is better than Obama ’s middle class tax cut ?
And his health care , another copy of Bush ’s tax credit - style way to pay for huge health care costs , is better than Obama’s ?
He ’s offering up nothing but more of the same .
How does he think people ca n’t see this ?
This is n’t reform at all .
– McCain went on about a strong dollar and now he ’s talking about how 1 in 5 jobs are export related – does n’t he get that a stronger dollar is bad for exports , making them more expensive ?
I ’m not taking a policy position one way or the other , I ’m just saying that these two things are opposite and yet they are in the same speech .
Ventura County firefighters are monitoring a patch of land north of Fillmore where the ground temperature climbed to 812 degrees on Friday for unknown reasons .
Possible theories include that natural hydrocarbons such as oil or gas are burning deep in the earth .
But nobody knows for sure what might have ignited the materials .
“ We are a little perplexed at this point , to tell you the truth , ” said David Panaro , a geologist with the Ventura County Watershed Protection , who was one of a few scientists called in to help solve the mystery .
“ This is not your usual geological detective story . ”
The area has recorded high heat at least five times since 1987 , said Allen King , a retired geologist with the U.S. Forest Service , who also surveyed the scene where small streams of smoke wafted from cracks in the ground .
The area is on land owned by the U.S. Bureau of Land Management and leased by an oil company .
On Friday , the Ventura County Fire Department cleared the brush near the fumes and cut a fire line around the area to ensure a fire did n’t start from the heat .
King said it ’s possible the blaze was started by another fire on the ground and it ignited a second fire underground .
It could be as deep as 100 feet , he said .
Such fires where there are high concentrations of hydrocarbons are not uncommon around the world , he said .
Harry Potter beware !
A team of Chinese scientists has developed a way to unmask your invisibility cloak .
According to new research , certain materials underneath an invisibility cloak would allow invisible objects be seen again .
" Cloaking is an important problem since invisibility can help survival in hostile environment , " says Huanyang Chen of Shanghai Jiao Tong University in China .
He and his colleagues have proposed a theoretical " anti-cloak " that would partially cancel the effect of the invisibility cloak , which is another important problem as it turns out .
If this sounds like more movie magic , it 's no accident .
From the 1933 classic
The Invisible Man to the more recent installment in the Harry Potter series , devices that achieve invisibility have long been the stuff of film fantasy .
In recent years , however , scientists using special types of " meta " materials have shown that these Hollywood fantasies could one day become reality after all .
These materials are effectively invisible because of the way they interact with light .
All materials scatter , bounce , absorb , reflect and otherwise alter light rays that strike them .
We perceive color , for instance , because different materials and coatings interact with light differently .
Transformation media cloaks are special materials that can bend light so much that it actually passes around the object completely .
In 2006 , scientists at Duke University demonstrated in the laboratory that an object made of metamaterial is partially invisible when viewed using microwaves .
Sounds cool ?
Not so fast .
Invisibility as it has been achieved so far in the laboratory is very limited .
It works , but only for a narrow band of light wavelengths .
Nobody has found a way yet to make an object invisible to the broad range of wavelengths our eyes are attuned to seeing , says Chen , and doing so would be a challenge .
An even greater problem for anyone who has aspirations to be concealed in public one day is that invisibility achieved through transformation media is a two - way street .
With no light penetrating a perfect invisibility cloak , there would be no way for an invisible person to see outside .
In other words , invisible people would also be blind — not exactly what Harry Potter had in mind .
But now , Chen and his colleagues have developed way to partially cancel the invisibility cloak 's cloaking effect .
Their " anti-cloak " would be a material with optical properties perfectly matched to those of an invisibility cloak .
( In technical jargon , an anti-cloak would be anisotropic negative refractive index material that is impedance matched to the positive refractive index of the invisibility cloak ) .
While an invisibility cloak would bend light around an object , any region that came into contact with the anti-cloak would guide some light back so that it became visible .
This would allow an invisible observer to see the outside by pressing a layer of anti-cloak material in contact with an invisibility cloak .
" With the anti-cloak , Potter can see outside if he wants to , " says Chen , who conducted the research together with his colleagues at Shanghai Jiao Tong University and The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology .
This work was funded by the National Natural Science Foundation of China , the National Minister of Education Program for Changjiang Scholars and Innovative Research Team in University , and the Hong Kong Central Allocation Fund .
US predator drones struck the Pakistan base of a top Taliban commander on Monday , the latest hit in a concerted and controversial effort by the United States military to go after Taliban targets inside Pakistan .
The aerial attack comes days after NATO troops crossed over into Pakistan to engage Taliban targets , sparking outrage from Pakistan 's government .
Monday 's attack was said to have targeted a compound in the North Waziristan tribal area belonging to Jalaluddin Haqqani , one of the Taliban 's most powerful and longest - running commanders , Reuters reports .
Mr. Haqqani is believed to have escaped .
Missiles fired by U.S. drones killed 16 people , including Pakistani and Afghan Taliban fighters , on Monday in a strike targeting a religious school founded by an old friend of Osama bin Laden , intelligence officials and Pakistani villagers said ....
" No foreign militant was killed , " [ a senior intelligence officer ] added , although a junior intelligence official had said earlier that Uzbek and Arab militants had been staying in the school complex .
Haqqani is a veteran of the Afghan jihad of the 1980s .
He was trained , equipped , and financed by both the Central Intelligence Agency as well as Pakistan 's intelligence agency , the Inter - Services Intelligence , according to a profile compiled by PBS Frontline .
During the rise of the Taliban in the 1990s , Haqqani emerged as a prevalent warlord and now commands the loyalty of fighters in both Afghanistan and Pakistan .
He is currently based in North Waziristan .
Reuters reports that Haqqani's son , Sirajuddin , has lately taken over the reins for his father , who is believed to be ailing .
One of Haqqani 's younger sons said his father and son Sirajuddin had been away from the house at the time .
While the senior Haqqani is believed to be in poor health and less active , Sirajuddin has been leading the Taliban faction .
" Haqqani and Sirajuddin were in Afghanistan at the time of the attack .
They are alive , " Badruddin , the commander 's third son , told Reuters by telephone . "
Monday 's strike was the latest in a series of US attacks that have deeply soured relations with Pakistan , reports Agence France - Presse .
On Friday , three children and two women were slain in the same region during a suspected strike by a pilotless aircraft .
At least five militants were also killed the day before when a missile fired from an unmanned plane hit a house in the North Waziristan village of Mohammad Khel , officials said .
The latest strike follows Pakistani claims that US - led forces based in Afghanistan killed 15 people in a border village in neighbouring South Waziristan district last week .
That incident was condemned by Pakistan 's parliament and the foreign minister who issued a tough statement calling the incident " shameful " and stating that only women and children had been targeted .
The operation comes just days after Asif Ali Zardari was elected Pakistan 's new president , highlighting the challenges both for the new political regime and the US as it waits to see what Zardari 's tack will be in the war on terror .
On Friday , The Christian Science Monitor reported that Zardari had commented on Pakistan 's role in the war on terror .
Zardari and the civilian government have been making progress in rallying public support for the war on terror , casting it as a Pakistani war , not a proxy war for America .
Zardari reiterated that stance in a column in Thursday 's Washington Post .
" We stand with the United States , Britain , Spain and others who have been attacked , " he wrote .
" Fundamentally , however , the war we are fighting is our war .
This battle is for Pakistan 's soul . "
Political observers are worried that , despite Zardari 's pledges , relations with the US have reached a dangerous impasse .
An editorial in Monday 's issue of Dawn , a leading English - language daily , reads :
Is America a friend or foe ?
If that is ambiguous today , there is no doubt the coming days will settle the issue one way or the other .
Distrust has been building up between the leader of the war on terror and the " frontline state " for years .
It centres on America 's belief that Pakistan is not doing enough and that elements in the ISI are helping the Taliban ....
The future is even murkier , since the US and its allies are likely to react angrily to Pakistan 's decision to suspend fuel supply to the coalition forces in Afghanistan .
Last week , Pakistan 's government announced it was temporarily closing the Torkham Highway , one of the main routes through which gasoline and other NATO supplies travel from Pakistan to Afghanistan .
Many observers have considered that move a retaliation for recent US attacks on Pakistan territory , a claim Pakistan 's government denies , reported the Daily Times , another English - language daily in Pakistan .
" This decision has nothing to do with the situation in Waziristan or the US attacks .
This is purely a security issue and we want no untoward incident to take place as far as supplies for [ International Security Assistance Force ] are concerned , " [ said Khyber Agency political agent Tariq Hayat ]
The international Torkham Highway was closed for " vulnerable vehicles " , he said referring to trucks carrying ISAF supplies , and the supplies would resume after the highway was cleared .
Trucks delivering supplies to NATO in Afghanistan have come under increasing attack , the most recent on Sunday , Dawn reports .
The driver of an oil tanker was killed when a rocket hit his vehicle here on Sunday .
According to police , armed men fired the rocket on the tanker carrying fuel for Nato forces deployed in Afghanistan .
By Monday , however , the Torkham supply route had been reopened , according to Reuters India .
Rehman Malik , the top Interior Ministry official , said the road was unblocked after a few hours , and traffic had only been halted for security reasons , although the country 's defence minister had earlier said the action was taken in response to violations of Pakistani territory by Western forces .
Ron Paul : RNC slot would have cost ' everything I believe in ' David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Friday September 5 , 2008
Print This Email This Former Republican president candidate Ron Paul appeared on The Colbert Report Thursday to discuss his absence from the Republican National Convention at a time when other unsuccessful candidates -- Mitt Romney , Rudy Giuliani , Mike Huckabee -- were all making appearances to praise John McCain .
" You say you did not speak at the Republican National Convention because you do not feel welcome there , " Stephen Colbert suggested .
" No , I did not .
I do n't like to be pushy , " Paul replied modestly , before flashing a wide grin .
" But just because you were n't welcome , that 's no reason not to speak , " Colbert objected .
" I mean , certainly Bush spoke , and he was not welcome . "
" Could you have gotten a slot if you 'd played ball with those guys ? "
Colbert continued .
" Yes , " Paul replied
" What would it have meant to you ? "
Colbert asked .
" What would you have to have given up ? "
" Everything I believed in , " Paul stated .
" So , just like everybody else , " Colbert commented , adding , " Listen , you want to play with the big boys , you got to play along . "
" I would have had to do this , " said Paul , raising his hands as if to kowtow and intoning , " ' I accept everything in your platform and I love John McCain . ' "
" What 's your problem with that ? "
Colbert asked .
" When you 're a Republican , those guys are known for their discipline .
...
It 's a war , sir . "
" I did n't feel too badly about it , " Paul affirmed .
He added conspiratorially , " There 's a few members of Congress who say , ' Would you help me out , because I 'd like you to support me and send out an email and give me an endorsement . ' "
This video is from Comedy Central 's The Colbert Report , broadcast September 4 , 2008 .
Download video
Senator Joseph Lieberman claims to have struck a mighty blow against the forces of al Qaeda this week by pressuring YouTube to forbid users from uploading terrorist training videos .
The popular video site updated its " Community Guidelines " yesterday , warning terrorist cells they 're at serious risk of violating the site 's Terms of Service — and may even face having their YouTube accounts permanently terminated .
The Connecticut Senator celebrated victory for his three month campaign in a press release circulated September 11 titled , " Google Tightens Standards for YouTube Videos in Response to Lieberman 's Pressure . "
" YouTube was being used by Islamist terrorist organizations to recruit and train followers via the Internet and to incite terrorist attacks around the world , including right here in the United States , and Google should be commended for recognizing that , " Lieberman said in a statement .
" I expect these stronger community guidelines to decrease the number of videos on YouTube produced by al Qaeda and affiliated Islamist terrorist organizations . "
Google makes no mention of Lieberman in its community blog outlining the policy change .
" We 've updated the Community Guidelines to address some of the most common questions users ask us about inappropriate content .
Included in the update are a few things to steer clear of , like not directly inciting violence or encouraging other users to violate the Terms of Service . "
Lieberman writes he is grateful for the response , but continues to urge Google to remove all videos produced by " Foreign Terrorist Organizations " , not just those that violate its community guidelines .
Intriguingly , his efforts may have also unintentionally thwarted another subversive group threatening Lady Liberty from the shadows .
YouTube 's revised policy now forbids " things like instructional bomb making , ninja assassin training , sniper attacks , videos that train terrorists , or tips on illegal street racing .
Any depictions like these should be educational or documentary and should n’t be designed to help or encourage others to imitate them . "
[ Emphasis is ours . ]
No doubt another example of underhanded rider legislation by the pirate lobby group . ®
The Knights Templar are demanding that the Vatican give them back their good name and , possibly , billions in assets into the bargain , 700 years after the order was brutally suppressed by a joint venture between the Pope and the King of France .
If the Holy See does n’t comply , the warrior knights , renowned for liberating the Holy Land , will deploy that most fearsome of weapons : a laborious court case through the creaking Spanish legal system .
The Daily Telegraph reports that The Association of the Sovereign Order of the Temple of Christ has launched a court case in Spain , demanding Pope Benedict “ recognise ” the seizure of assets worth € 100bn .
The Spanish - based group of Templars apparently says in a statement : " We are not trying to cause the economic collapse of the Roman Catholic Church , but to illustrate to the court the magnitude of the plot against our Order . "
This might come as a surprise to those who believe that the order of warrior monks – also credited with possessing the Holy Grail and laying the foundation of the European banking system - was smashed in 1307 by Pope Clement V and Philip IV of France .
At the time , the order was accused of a multitude of crimes , including two medieval biggies - sodomy and heresy .
However , recently discovered Vatican papers showed that the order had never been declared heretics , burnings at the stake for the leadership not withstanding .
Rather , it appeared that the order ’s suppression was more a piece of realpolitik on the pope ’s part to pacify Philip , who was somewhat irked by the prospect of the powerful order increasing its continental activities after Jerusalem fell to the Turks .
Despite the order ’s brutal apparent suppression , its legacy has been claimed by numerous successor organisations , and besmirched by popular authors ad nauseum .
One of the successors , Ordo Supremus Militaris Templi Hierosolymitani , is apparently recognised by Unesco .
We contacted the UK branch , otherwise known as the The Grand Priory of Knights Templar in England and Wales , to see if they could throw any light on the matter but they have yet to get back to us .
The Grand Priory ’s website says the modern organisation is about humanitarian and charity work .
There is no mention of the Holy Grail , though it does support the maintenance of the Holy Places .
And if you ’re looking for esoteric rites or secret higher knowledge , you ’re likely to be disappointed .
The website says : “ Please do n’t expect to be enlightened with some supposed ‘ secret ’ knowledge , because nothing exists . ”
Of course , any conspiracy theorist will tell you that ’s exactly what you ’d expect them to say . ®
A CMS built for developers
and content editors
django CMS was originally conceived by web developers frustrated with the technical and security limitations of other systems .
Its lightweight core makes it easy to integrate with other software and put to use immediately , while its ease of use makes it the go - to choice for content managers , content editors and website admins .
For the Developer
Developers can integrate other existing Django applications rapidly , or build brand new compatible apps that take advantage of django CMS 's publishing and editing features .
For the content editor
django CMS is user friendly and has a very intuitive drag and drop interface .
It 's built around the needs of multi-lingual publishing by default , not as an afterthought : all websites , pages and content can exist in multiple language versions .
check out the features
The company is also developing a larger rocket , the Falcon 9 , with nine engines in the first stage .
That vehicle is intended to provide cargo services to the International Space Station under a contract for NASA after the shuttle program winds down in 2010 .
SpaceX performed a successful test firing of the Falcon 9 engines at its facilities in McGregor , Tex. , last week .
Charles Lurio , an independent space consultant , it should not be surprising to lose single - use rocket vehicles in the early stages of development , because their very design does not allow test flights .
" It 's all or nothing once it leaves the pad , " he said .
" But I hope SpaceX keeps trying , " he said .
" They 're very competent people . "
In Mr. Musk 's statement , he insisted that the company will not be deterred and still has strong support from its backers .
" SpaceX will not skip a beat in execution going forward , " he said , and added that the fourth flight , currently scheduled to take place in the fourth quarter of the year , and fifth flights are being prepared , and that he has given the go - ahead " to begin fabrication of flight 6 . "
And , he added , " We are in very good financial basis here .
We have the resolve , we have the financial base , and we have the expertise " to identify the problem and go forward .
" There should be no question about that . "
In a version of the statement distributed to employees , Mr. Musk said that the company " recently accepted a significant investment " that , along with the company 's current cash reserves , will ensure that " we will have more than sufficient funding on hand to continue launching " the Falcon 1 and the larger Falcon 9 vehicles .
In the teleconference , Diane Murphy , the company spokeswoman , said that the mood at the company 's headquarters quickly switched from excitement and cheers at the seemingly successful launch to concern and then disappointment .
But when Mr. Musk addressed the employees , she said , and told them that the company would move forward with the fourth flight , " One of our employees immediately spoke up and said with great resolve , 'yes we will .
We will get to orbit ' — and everyone sent up a cheer . "
Try before you buy .
Download any Adobe product for a free 30 day trial .
Photoshop Fine Art Effects Cookbook
" Daguerreotypes - The Louis Daguerre Effect "
( Pages 36 and 37 from the Photographers section of Photoshop Fine Art Effects Cookbook - courtesy of O'Reilly Media . )
The world ’s first photographic process was announced in Paris in 1839 by Louis Daguerre .
It used a silver - plated copper sheet that was sensitized with iodine , exposed , and then developed in mercury vapor .
Early images were of architectural subjects or landscapes , but soon the process was also used for portraiture , and it became particularly popular in France and America .
Daguerreotypes were positive images , one - offs , and the process was obsolete within a decade , as soon as new techniques allowed multiple photographs to be printed from negatives .
But if you ever get the opportunity to compare early photographs in museums or exhibitions , it would be surprising if you did n’t find the Daguerreotypes to be some of the most magical objects on display .
Early Daguerreotype exposure times were long , so moving subjects such as water and people usually appeared blurred .
Photoshop ’s Motion Blur filter is ideal for simulating this , but requires a little care in its application because Daguerreotypes recorded other , static objects in fine detail .
The other major characteristic of the Daguerreotype , its metal base , is tougher to imitate : the effect is as if the picture were printed onto a mirror .
I did n’t have any success using an inkjet printer to print onto kitchen foil , promising though this experiment seemed , but there are ways to imitate metallic finishes in Photoshop .
Certainly you need to print onto high - gloss paper rather than a surface with a matte or textured finish .
The staining and other discoloration around the picture edges can also be added artificially in Photoshop , but it ’s quicker and more realistic to scan real materials and use them as layers within the picture .
Metallic objects will be most suitable for the Daguerreotype , but once you get the hang of this technique , you can apply it to all sorts of photographs .
Choose any image to which you can add an obvious touch of movement one with a river is perfect .
If you ’re starting with a color image , go to Image > Adjustments >
Desaturate to remove the color while staying in RGB mode .
This picture of Notre Dame in Paris seems appropriate , though of course the couple would have moved during the long Daguerreotype exposure time .
I exercised artistic license and left them static .
The subjects of original studio portraits were strapped into chairs to keep them from moving , so this is not so improbable !
I used a steel picture frame , scanned on a flatbed scanner , to simulate the Daguerreotype ’s silver - coated plate .
How this works .
1 ) Hit play on the video .
I highly recommend immediately hitting pause .
This will allow the footage to buffer and avoid stutters .
2 ) When you 've got a nice buffer ( dark gray bar under the video ) , hit play on the video .
At the 4 second mark , hit the ' Go ! ' button .
Feel free to zoom in and zoom out or change the map type once it gets going .
Back to bhendrix.com
" On an August morning in 1978 , French filmmaker Claude Lelouch mounted a gyro- stabilized camera to the bumper of a Ferrari 275 GTB and had a friend , a professional Formula 1 racer , drive at breakneck speed through the heart of Paris .
No streets were closed , for Lelouch was unable to obtain a permit . "
