How the Stages of Change Model Works with Successful Addiction Recovery
In order for addiction recovery to be effective , it has been proven that meeting a person at their level of readiness to change produces the most successful results .
A person who denies that they have a problem with drug abuse or addiction , must be treated differently than a person who acknowledges their problem and truly wants to get help .
Column China has just awarded 3G contracts - three of them .
The numbers of subscribers there already is huge , with ten times as many mobile subscribers as there are people in the UK , and twice as many as there are people in the US .
But China 's decision to bless three different technology standards is a puzzling one .
Operator China Mobile gets TD - SCDMA , the uniquely Chinese standard , China Telecom gets Qualcomm ’s almost as proprietary CDMA - 2000 , and China Unicom the WCDMA we all love and use .
It 's like betting on three horses in a race - you know that you are going to have more losers than winners .
As a quick rundown , it ’s bad news for Nokia , which is great at cheap GSM phones and will see that market eroded .
Nokia is good at WCDMA , but has its opportunity curtailed as it is weak on CDMA - 2000 , while TD - SCDMA is new and a level playing field for all entrants .
Of course , that ’s what the Chinese government wants : to help domestic manufacturers .
The real handset winners will be Samsung and LG who have the CDMA experience and have shown TD - SCDMA handsets .
Nokia has said it will produce TD - SCDMA , but has n’t shown anything yet .
China Unicom will have the benefit of a very much broader choice of handsets and more price competition .
It ’s not just handsets , it ’s laptops with built - in connectivity , USB dongles , netbooks , sat navs and whatever else has connectivity .
The biggest loser , however , will be China .
We ’ve seen from the last big experiment in multiple standards that competition does n’t always lead to more choice and lower prices .
That experiment was the US - the place that leads in technology , internet and computer design , yet trails in mobile phone technology .
US phone websites constantly bemoan the lack of availability there of the cool phones we have in Europe .
It ’s ironic comparing US legislation with China , but the way the US awarded contracts led to a mess of technologies : AMPS , TDMA , CDMA , GSM ( at new frequencies ) and iDen , made network roll - out expensive .
America , like China , is a big place and as a result coverage is unreliable .
It also makes networks more demanding of RF performance from the phone .
With each major carrier using its own , incompatible air interface , there is no opportunity for network sharing .
The top reason for someone churning is poor coverage at home .
The US has very high churn rates and penetration is lower than most Western countries , at 82 per cent of the population .
Replacement rates are also slower .
USA today , China tomorrow ?
The US is the only place in the world where the carrier 's ( network ) brand is more important than the handset .
People buy a Verizon , Sprint or T - Mobile phone rather than a Nokia , Samsung or Sony Ericsson .
A couple of exceptions are the iPhone and the RAZR .
The number of SIM - free phones is insignificant .
China is setting itself up for the same situation .
TD - SCDMA might be aimed at protecting the home market and driving innovation , but it could have the opposite effect .
The different technologies led to interworking problems .
US text messaging is still behind most other countries .
The volumes are comparable , but when you look at who uses text it ’s only about half the phone - owning population .
The other half uses text twice as much .
Pre-pay is minimal , far lower than the 70 per cent in Europe .
It will be interesting to see what the Chinese do about security , too .
Take a GSM phone to China today and you ’ll get a warning that there is no encryption .
WCDMA has much better encryption , and you can be sure the Chinese authorities will want to be able to intercept calls .
Perhaps they will have to rely on listening through the network operator .
Of course that ’s not an option they have in the UK , which might account for some interesting network planning issues around the Chinese Embassy in London .
They would n’t perhaps be running a phantom cell so they can listen to calls and read the text messages of the Free Tibet protestors outside , would they ? ®
Catherine Keynes is a electronic engineer turned consultant who works for IT and telecoms companies .
She blogs at Cat Calling .
Broadcasters and viewers have had February 17 , 2009 circled on their calendars for some time .
That 's the day analog television broadcasts are supposed to become a thing of the past in the US .
Earlier this week , the Senate approved a delay of the DTV transition to June , but what 's going to happen now is anyone 's guess after the House rejected the delay Wednesday .
The delay was actually supported by 258 congressmen , but House rules require a two - thirds majority for an expedited vote with no debate .
Proponents of postponing the transition to all - digital broadcasts have pointed to the empty coffers of the government 's program offering free digital - to - analog converters for those with old analog sets who rely on over - the - air signals .
Led by Sen. Jay Rockefeller ( D - WV ) , they raised concerns about unprepared Americans suddenly unable to get their boob tube fix come midnight February 17 .
To many , the delay seemed a fait accompli :
The Senate 's version of the postponement bill , after all , had sailed through unanimously .
Verizon , probably the most vocal private - sector opponent of changing the date , made its peace with a single short delay , despite earlier worries that a string of postponements might interfere with its plans to deploy its LTE network on the 700 MHz spectrum currently occupied by analog broadcasters .
( Less sanguine was Qualcomm , which is ready to roll out mobile TV service on its own newly - acquired 700 MHz spectrum as soon as the current tenants vacate . )
Opposition to the delay in the House was led by Rep Joe Barton ( R - TX ) , the ranking GOP member on the House Energy and Commerce Committee who authored the original transition bill .
In a letter to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - CA ) , Barton described the delay proposal as wholly lacking in merit and , invoking the emergency services also waiting for new spectrum to be freed up , argued that " Osama bin Laden is n't fictional , and he is n't waiting . "
House Republicans , a Democratic
Hill staffer familiar with the debate told Ars , mostly lined up behind Barton , while " the companies affected did not lift a finger to explain the need for delay to members . "
The House may still consider the delay after a full round of debate , and should Democrats side with the Obama Administration , the DTV transition will move ahead as originally scheduled .
Rep. Joe Barton ( R - TX ) is pushing alternative legislation that would keep the deadline intact while offering emergency funding for the converter program .
He ’ll reverse the Bush executive orders that opened public lands to oil drilling , the co-chair of his transition team said Sunday .
[ social_buttons ]
John Podesta , co-chair of Barack Obama ’s transition team , indicated on Sunday that the president - elect would quickly use executive powers to reverse several Bush - era administrative rules , a few of which would have an immediate impact on U.S. environmental policy .
Appearing on Fox News Sunday , Podesta , the Former chief of staff to Bill Clinton said , “ There ’s a lot the president can do using his executive authority without waiting for congressional action , and I think we ’ll see the president do that . ”
Podesta pointed to attempts by the Bush administration in its dying days to expose tracts of public land in the west to oil and gas drilling .
The federal Bureau of Land Management is opening about 360,000 acres of public land in Utah to oil and gas drilling .
“ They want to have oil and gas drilling in some of the most sensitive , fragile lands in Utah .
I think that ’s a mistake , ” Podesta said .
A team of about 50 Obama advisers have already been working for months identifying some 200 Bush policies as possible targets for reversal .
Obama has also indicated he intends to quickly reverse the Bush administration ’s decision last December to deny California the authority to regulate carbon dioxide emissions from automobiles .
A decision that seems to be in direct opposition to the Supreme Court ruling that CO2 should be regulated as a pollutant .
Of the major policy areas the Obama administration seeks to reform , changes in energy and the environmental policy may be the easiest to affect with executive power .
In a recent interview with New York Magazine , Obama ’s chief of staff , Rahm Emanuel pointed out that of the four areas an Obama administration would seek to reform — financial regulation , tax , health care and energy — energy was one where “ you can do some things immediately . ”
The list of executive orders targeted by Obama ’s team could grow in the coming days , as Bush ’s appointees are fast - tracking a number of last - minute policies in an effort to extend his legacy .
Other areas of action may include rule changes on stem cell research , reproductive rights , food and drug regulation and immigration enforcement .
Image : Library of Congress
Two retired defence chiefs have urged the Government to scrap the Trident nuclear weapons system .
Lord Ramsbotham , a former adjutant - general who became the chief inspector of prisons , and Field Marshal Lord Bramall , a former chief of the defence staff , appealed to ministers to think again about their 2007 decision to renew Trident at a cost of up to £ 20 bn .
The money would be better spent on the precision weapons needed for current conflicts , they argued .
The two peers , who made their call in a letter in today 's Times newspaper , said the weapons system was not an " independent " deterrent because Britain could never use it without the backing of the US .
Lord Ramsbotham told BBC TV's Newsnight the decision to upgrade Trident was taken on political rather than military grounds .
" It was a Cold War weapon .
It is not a weapon for the situation we are now in , " he said .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
It would be of no value if Britain were subjected to " nuclear blackmail " by international terrorists , he added .
" All right , Jory , we 're gonna start you off simple here , kid ! " Jory B.'s boss was a large man with forearms like hairy hams , and he spoke in a gruff , deep , and loud voice .
" Yer gonna learn about The Aggregator by adding a simple feature .
I want it to be sendin ' emails whenever someone signs up at one of our locations ! "
He continued on his throaty , saliva-y explanation of what should appear in the emails , which mail server to use , and so on .
" Welcome aboard , kid , " he said warmly , extending a hand with fingers that looked like sausages .
Jory dodged flying saliva droplets while his boss spoke .
" Thanks .
And can do ! "
The Aggregator
Jory first assumed that The Aggregator was some kind of templating system for the 25 mostly - identical web sites for the various gyms , country clubs , and rec centers that used it .
After some high - level review , however , he figured out what it was for – The Aggregator simply received data from the 25 gyms ' web sites regarding new applicants , allowing the call center staff to view the information from one interface .
To say that Jory did n't like what he saw would be an understatement .
He was astonished at the way much of the technology was developed .
For one , the database did n't have any constraints of any kind defined : no uniques , no foreign keys , no primary keys , though it was clear that some tables had columns that were meant to serve as a primary key .
For instance , intuserid : defined as a nullable integer .
Not an IDENTITY .
On each insert , it would determine the ID by using MAX ( intuserid ) +
1 . There were hundreds of nulls and dozens of duplicate user IDs .
Furthermore , The Aggregator never actually received applicants – each of the 25 web sites wrote directly to the central database whenever someone filled out a form online .
What 's worse , the 25 different sites each had their own little quirks .
Random files were different on one site from the next , and rather than using a central template , it appeared that the designer had done a sitewide search and replace for the name of the gym and contact information in each site , in addition to different fields on forms , features that worked differently on one site from another .
It became clear that Jory would n't be able to complete what was supposed to be a modest task with The Aggregator in such a ridiculous state , short of a trigger that would fire on every insert to send an email .
Jory returned to his boss with his tail between his legs .
" I 'm sorry , I do n't see a good way to do this ... "
" What ? ! "
Jory 's boss pounded a heavy fist on his desk .
" What could be so hard about sendin ' an email ? "
Before Jory could respond , his boss continued " Ah , sorry kid .
I 'll just get the original guy on this .
Next time do n't let me down ! "
The Architect
The Architect showed up later that day .
He was tall , very slender , with a thin mustache .
If he had a cap with a " W " on it he'd look like Waluigi .
When he stood near Jory 's boss , it was as though it was two sides of a funhouse mirror .
The three of them discussed the change .
" Heh , that 's it ? "
The Architect scoffed .
" I 'll have it in tomorrow . "
" Great ! " Jory 's boss exclaimed with a phlegmy voice .
On his way out , the architect smirked at Jory .
The following day , Jory 's boss pulled Jory aside to talk .
" Look , kid .
The architect got his email sendin ' code in , and I want you to look at it so you can take the next feature . "
Sheepishly , Jory replied " sure . "
The Feature
Jory cursed his stupidity for not just adding the INSERT trigger , which would have complicated the system further but gotten the job done .
Plus it was in rough enough shape already anyway , but he promised himself he would n't lose face by not completing the next request .
So let 's see what this guy did , Jory thought to himself .
Probably a change to the database .
Reviewing the database and any relevant stored procedures , though , nothing had changed .
OK , maybe it was done as a change to The Aggregator .
Again , when he actually looked , there were no changes .
Suddenly , he reached a sickening revelation .
Oh god , he must 've ...
After a few keystrokes and clicks , Jory confirmed it .
The Architect had simply written , copied , and pasted the email sending code and uploaded it to all 25 sites .
Hopefully this incident has reinforced the tenets of Front - Ahead Design for Jory .
Remember , " do what it takes " and " code light , not ' right . ' "
And ' Clue 24 '
USAopoly has announced two new licensed games tied to major properties : Risk : Halo Wars Collector 's Edition and Clue : 24 Edition .
Risk : Halo Wars Collector ’s Edition remakes Risk for the Halo Wars videogame world .
Halo Wars , the newest release in the videogame series , streets in March ; Risk : Halo Wars will street in July .
Risk : Halo
Wars will allow players to command one of three factions ( the UNSC , the Covenant , or the Flood ) and battle for supremacy of Arcadia .
The board freatures 42 territories and six sectors ; 250 plastic playing pieces represent the three factions .
It will use the new Hasbro rules that allow for three levels of game play ( basic , advanced , and classic ) depending on the skill level and desired playing time of the players .
Play can be completed in as little as 60 - 90 minutes with no decrease in strategy .
The game will be appropriate for players 12 and up .
MSRP will be $ 39.95 .
adapts the classic board game to the world of the hit Fox TV show .
The boardwill be a blueprint of the Los Angeles Counter Terrorist Unit office , and the traditionalsuspects are now represented by CTU agentsw .
One of them is a mole that must be uncovered within 24 hours .
Eight clock cards , each representing three of the 24 hours , build the suspense -- if the eighth card is drawn , time ’s up and the mole has won .
Clue : 24 Edition will be appropriate for players 9 and up ; MSRP is $ 34.95 .
The game will street in March .
Finding the right romantic partner often seems like looking for piece of hay in a large stack of needles : a painful process with somewhat disappointing rewards .
Online dating eliminates the need to get dressed up , musked up and out there - but that does n't mean there is n't etiquette to follow .
Just like in the real world you 'll need to come across as charming , polite and desirable , and just like in the real world a little bit of knowledge can make the process a whole lot easier .
So today we 'll show you ten fundamentals every online dater should take as gospel .
1. Thou Shalt Stand Out From The Crowd
A catchy title and some more unusual interests can go a long way .
Spend a few minutes coming up with a decent profile that shows you as witty and unique instead of joining the legions who give as their only interests ' TV , music and film ' .
Surely you can't be that boring ?
Be careful though , being too alternative may come across as weird and limit your pool of potential partners .
Mr. Right : ' When I 'm not flying my helicopter or giving guided tours of the Vatican , I like to go off - piste skiing - but I always try to make time for my charity work in Patagonia . '
Mr. Wrong : ' I like watching TV .
I also like lifting up rocks to look at the insects underneath . '
2. Thou Shalt Not Display Thy Baggage
A lot of online daters have baggage from their past - this may be anything from kids to a psycho-ex who stalks them , or perhaps even a full sex change .
Do n't put off potential suitors by placing this baggage in full view of everyone : give people a chance to get to know you before you let them decide whether the fact you only have four toes on one foot is an obstacle to love .
Mr. Right : ' I 'm open minded middle - age man hoping to meet someone similar . '
Mr. Wrong : ' Please ignore my ex who will leave road kill on your doorstep and vandalise your car if you date me .
By the way I have a glass eye . '
3. Thou Shalt Post A Photo That Honours Thy True Appearance
We all do it : posing for photos and then selecting the ones that show us in our best light - and there 's nothing wrong with it .
However , if you 're photoshopping your image before posting it or even using an image of someone else , you 've definitely crossed the line .
Mr. Right : ' I think I look pretty good in this one . '
Mr. Wrong : ' Brad Pitt from a weird angle - she 'll never know . '
4. Thou Shalt Be Fully Proactive
There are plenty of potential partners out there waiting for you , but just like in real life competition is stiff .
To maximise you chances target as many people as possible and try not to get hung - up on that one girl who used to be a playboy bunny - every other man on the site will have messaged her too .
By the same token ( and this applies mainly to women ) always respond to interest , even if you do n't like him - it 's only polite .
Mr. Right : ' I love you .
And you .
And you .
And you ...'
Mr. Wrong :
' If you wo n't marry me in the next ten minutes , I 'm going to end it all . '
5. Thou Shalt Always Be Realistic
Messaging a glamour model whose interests include opera and fine dining and last whose boyfriend was the heir to the crown of Luxembourg ?
By all means give it a shot , but remember the aim of online dating is to set up a real face - to - face date - and if she does n't like your face when you turn up , you 'll be in for an embarrassing brush off .
Normal rules of dating apply : go for those who are realistic and whom you feel you 'll genuinely click with .
Mr. Right : ' I do n't have a private plane or a yacht , but if love was worth money I 'd be a millionaire . '
Mr. Wrong : ' Usually I date ugly girls but I thought I 'd move up a level . '
6. Thou Shalt Not Be Blatant
If we 're honest , sex is right up there in terms of why people online date , yet just like in the real world , nothing gives a worse impression than admitting this situation , whether directly or indirectly : at best you 'll appear desperate , at worse a twisted sexual maniac .
So be casual .
Try to covertly steer conversation towards the more risque end of the spectrum , but never be obvious about it .
Just because you'd be delighted if a stranger on a bus asked you about your deepest fantasies , not everyone else would .
Mr. Right : ' I really like curling up with a good book and a hot water bottle , it 's even better when there 's a beautiful girl lying next to you ...'
Mr. Wrong : ' No sexual act is too foul or depraved for me .
I 'll do literally anything ' .
7. Thou Shalt Be Honest At All Times
This goes hand - in - hand with being realistic .
By all means make the most of what you 've got , jazz yourself up and inject a bit of spice into your CV - but do n't outright lie .
Hopefully you 'll be meeting them in the not too distant future so claiming to be a 6 ' 3 " bodybuilder , with a pilot 's licence and a wardrobe full of designer clothes will definitely backfire if you 're not a 6 ' 3 " bodybuilder with a ...
Mr. Right : ' I 've been told I have rugged good looks , but if I 'm honest I 'm looking for someone I can connect with emotionally as well as physically . '
Mr. Wrong : ' I 'm definitely not just looking for sex ... what cup size did you say you were ?'
8. Thou Shalt Be Witty And Concise
Avoid writing a novel when messaging a potential partner .
Keep you messages short and sweet - this will encourage you to make the most of the words you do communicate , hopefully making you appear deeper and more witty .
This also has the added benefit of giving you a certain mystique : as you should know , a large part of attraction is what is unsaid , so be suggestive and leave them hanging on .
Mr. Right : ' I 'm leaving for Paris early tomorrow so I 'll say goodnight .
Wish you were here to tuck me in ...'
Mr. Wrong : '... and then I went to the shop and said to the woman , do you have these in a size 10 , and she said to me no , so I said why not , and she said to me she did n't know , so I said do you have these in a size 11 ....'
9 . Thou Shalt Always Stay Safe
It almost goes without saying , never arrange to meet anyone you do n't fully trust .
If this means taking it slow and getting to know each other through email and phone conversations , than so be it .
Your safety is of paramount concern , unless of course you want an episode of CSI to be based on your sorry little story .
Mr. Right : ' I 'm fine going at whatever speed your comfortable with . '
Mr. Wrong : ' Meet me at the deserted warehouse at midnight . '
10 . Thou Shalt Always Remember That The Online Dating World Is Only An Extension Of The Real World - Not Some Magical Kingdom Of Dreams
As long as you remember that online dating wo n't necessarily introduce you to the man / woman of your dreams and that even if it did , you might not live happily ever after and even if you do , you 'll always have to live with the fact you met on the internet ... than you 'll have a great time .
Mr. Right : ' Behind the profile is a real man who feels and cares . '
Mr. Wrong : ' With the click of a button we 'll all live happily ever after . '
Photos courtesy of ' flickr ' users : Ariana Jordan , Gods Emerald , Lorenzodom & Ilina S .
This article was written by Tom Davie , a student at Cambridge University .
The views expressed in it are his and do not necessarily match those of Free Dating .
co.uk .
By Alex Stevenson
Humanists are a step closer to getting their views aired on the Today programme 's Thought for the Day slot .
It comes after BBC Radio 4 controller Mark Damazer said he did not intend to force a change in the slot 's exclusively religious contributors , which the British Humanist Association ( BHA ) has criticised .
Today the iPM programme will broadcast a one - off ' Thought for the afternoon ' by the creator of the atheist bus advertising campaign , Ariane Sherine .
The BHA 's director of public affairs , Andrew Copson , told politics.co.uk : " Thought for the Afternoon will demonstrate just what sort of reflective contribution humanists will make if we are allowed on Thought for the Day . "
A Radio 4 insider said he doubted the slot would become regular , adding he did not believe it had been inserted into the programme because of senior BBC figures ' intervention .
A spokesperson added : " iPM is led by the views of our listeners .
We are doing this Thought for the Afternoon as a one - off both in response to the debate on the blog and those suggesting we look at this subject on the programme . "
Pressure on the Beeb has mounted after BHA member Gavin Orland persuaded 1,660 people to pledge to email the BBC on the issue .
" The fact that humanist , non-religious contributors , are excluded from the slot gives the impression the BBC believes morality is the exclusive remit of religious people , which is offensive , unrepresentative and untrue , " Mr Orland said .
" It 's great that there will be a non-religious thought allowed on iPM : let it be an example to the Today programme . "
Debate within the BBC is thought to be growing as the ' Thought for the afternoon ' slot challenges Mr Damazer 's position .
He said earlier this week : " On balance the BBC 's position is that it is reasonable to sustain the slot with believers . "
The iPM programme is broadcast on Radio 4 from 17:30 GMT today .
Militant Islam Monitor >
Articles >
Commission warns of nuclear or biological weapons attack before 2013 Commission warns of nuclear or biological weapons attack before 2013 December 2 , 2008 From Times Online December 2 , 2008
Report warns Barack Obama to brace himself for a terrorist attack Tom Baldwin in Washington div#related - article - links p a , div#related - article - links p a:visited { color : #06 c ; } Barack Obama should brace himself for a terrorist attack using nuclear or more likely biological weapons before 2013 , a bi-partisan commission appointed by the United States Congress will warn on Wednesday .
" Our margin of safety is shrinking , not growing , " states the report from the Commission on the Prevention of Weapons of Mass Destruction Proliferation and Terrorism .
Vice President - elect Joe Biden is being briefed on the study which based its findings on evidence from more than 250 military , political and academic experts .
Key recommendations for Mr Obama include bolstering preparations for germ warfare , as well as appointing an official on the National Security Council to coordinate intelligence and foreign policy on combating the spread of WMD .
Related Links Experts warn Obama of ' hornet 's nest ' in Middle East Obama links Israel peace plan to 1967 deal Former Senator Bob Graham , one of the co-chairman of the commission , said yesterday : " Terrorists have made it quite clear that the United States of America is their number one target . "
He pointed to the carnage wrought by just a handful of gun men in India last week , saying : " If those people had had access to a biological or nuclear weapon they would have multiplied by orders of magnitude the deaths they could have inflicted . "
Al - Qaeda remains the only terrorist group judged to be actively intent on a nuclear attack against the US .
Although the report says the organisation is not yet capable of building or obtaining such a weapon , that could change if it recruited a nuclear scientist .
The report says the biggest threat comes from Pakistan .
Commission members were forced to cancel their trip to Islamabad this autumn after their hotel was blown up by terrorists just hours before their arrival .
They are particularly concerned about biological weapons , because civilian laboratories with potentially dangerous pathogens are not subject to the same security as nuclear sites .
Mr Graham said anthrax remains the most likely biological weapon , but contagious diseases are also becoming threats .
The flu virus that that killed 40 million people at the beginning of the 20th century has been recreated in scientific labs and there remains no inoculation to protect against it if is released .
" The United States should be less concerned that terrorists will become biologists and far more concerned that biologists will become terrorists , " the report says .
President Bush has repeatedly warned about the prospect of a terror attack during the transition or early in the next administration .
And Mr Biden , speaking shortly before last month 's election also raised fears , saying : " Remember I said it standing here , we 're gonna have an international crisis , a generated crisis , to test the mettle of this guy . "
http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/us_and_americas/us_elections/article5275677.ece
Printer - friendly version Email this item to a friend
January 2 , 2009
Haidar Eid is a professor , an activist for Palestinian national rights and a resident of Gaza City .
He spoke with Eric Ruder on December 31 about the appalling conditions facing the people of Gaza -- as well as the larger political context in which Israel 's onslaught is taking place .
Israel 's attack has stirred outrage around the world .
But among U.S. political leaders -- from the Republican Bush administration to the Democratic leaders in Congress -- there is unanimous support for Israel 's war , and universal acceptance of the claim that Hamas , the Islamist party that won elections to the Palestinian National Assembly nearly three years ago , is " to blame for the violence . "
The relentless pounding from the skies is drastically worsening already dire conditions caused by Israel 's suffocating siege of the last 18 months .
Yet as the new year began , Israel dismissed proposals for even a 48 - hour cease - fire -- and instead broadened its offensive .
OUR LAST interview the day after Israel 's attack began was interrupted by bombing very nearby .
Are you and your relatives safe ?
YES .
I 'M sorry I had to cut the interview short .
They started bombarding the ministerial compound behind the building where I live .
I 've lost all the windows in my flat .
It was horrible .
Unbelievable .
I can't begin to describe the situation .
I have n't been able to sleep for five nights straight -- tonight will be the sixth - - because every single night , they have aerial strikes .
The Israelis are furious , because they do n't know what to do .
They have no more targets to attack , and yet they have n't been able to find a single leader of the resistance [ the first reports of a senior Hamas leader killed by the bombings came the day after this interview took place ] .
But it 's easy to attack mosques and schools and hospitals and universities , and so this is what they 've been doing .
The last bomb I heard was 15 minutes ago , about two kilometers from where I live .
They attacked a currency exchange , which the Israelis accuse of money laundering and working for Hamas .
It 's ridiculous .
Palestinians in Gaza City carry a victim of the Israeli assault to Al Shifa hospital ( Thair al - Hassany | propaimages )
The number of people who have died in the last five days is now more than 400 , including 70 children and 18 women .
They have also attacked 18 mosques .
The number of injured is about 2,500 .
It 's crazy , it 's genocidal .
They want to send us back to the dark ages , as they say .
SO FAR , they still have n't started ground operations , right ?
NO INCURSIONS so far .
Television news reports are now talking about Israel starting a land attack on Friday , January 2 , but that 's also part of the psychological warfare -- because they do n't generally announce their attack plans to maintain their strategic advantage .
They 've carried out more than 700 air strikes so far .
Crazy .
As I am speaking to you right now , I can clearly hear the Apache helicopters .
But because it 's too dark , I can't see them .
We have no electricity for the sixth day in my building .
WHAT DO the Israelis want at this point ?
You 've said that they 're running out of targets .
Do they want to kill or force the Hamas leadership into exile ?
Do they expect some other kind of surrender ?
What you can do Protests against Israel 's assault on Gaza have already taken place in cities around the country , with more planned for the coming days .
Contact local organizers for details where you live .
For updates on the current situation , plus commentary and analysis on the background to the war , read the Electronic Intifada Web site .
Electronic Intifada Executive Director Ali Abunimah's " Gaza massacres must spur us to action " is a good starting point for further reading .
You can also find updated coverage on conditions in Gaza and the efforts of activists to stand up to the Israeli war at the Free Gaza Web site .
Between the Lines : Readings on Israel , the Palestinians and the U.S. " War on Terror , " by Tikva Honig - Parnass and Toufic Haddad , documents the apartheid - like conditions that Palestinians live under today .
For background on Israel 's war and the Palestinian struggle for freedom , read The Struggle for Palestine , a collection of essays edited by Lance Selfa on the history of the occupation and Palestinian resistance .
THE OBVIOUS objective that they 've been talking about is " destroying the infrastructure of the terrorist organizations . "
But they are n't just referring to destroying Hamas , although that is their main goal .
And in any case , they know that they can't do that , because Hamas is not only the freedom fighters .
It 's a very big organization , with social welfare aspects to it , as well as other elements .
They claim that Hamas has about 15,000 fighters .
And then there are about 10,000 fighters belonging to the other resistance organizations -- including , for example , the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine , which is a Marxist organization .
The Israelis want to create a new reality on the ground -- to weaken Hamas as a political organization and weaken other resistance movements opposed to the Oslo Accords in order to pave the way for the return of the pro-Oslo organizations and the Palestinian Authority based in Ramallah .
I think this is their ultimate goal , and they know very well that they can't achieve it .
The fact that they have n't been able to destroy the resistance movement for the fifth consecutive day actually means a victory for the resistance movement .
I do n't think they 'll be able to succeed , even after 15 days .
This is a repeat of what happened to the Israeli military operation in Lebanon two years ago .
Remember that the Israelis started with " shock - and - awe " bombing , like the U.S. did in Iraq , with aerial strikes against the Lebanese resistance movement , and Hezbollah in particular .
They were n't able to accomplish anything .
They were n't able to destroy the infrastructure of Hezbollah .
And when they started their ground attack , it was obvious that Hezbollah and the Lebanese resistance movement , including the Communist Party of Lebanon , were actually victorious .
This is what the Winograd report [ from an Israeli commission charged with investigating the Lebanon war ] concluded .
What we 're witnessing right now in Gaza is similar because the people of Gaza are supporting the resistance movement .
The Israelis want to punish the people for voting for an anti-Oslo organization three years ago when they voted for Hamas .
I also think the Israelis are choosing the timing very carefully .
One , they 're taking advantage of the grey area between George Bush leaving the White House and Barack Obama coming in .
Also , it 's between Christmas and New Year 's , when most of the West is on holiday and celebrating , and not paying as much attention to international developments .
But notice that they 've been postponing the ground invasion because the Israelis also have elections coming up in February .
So Defense Minister Ehud Barak and Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni are very reluctant to start the land invasion until the most damage possible is done from the air -- in the hope that this will make victory on the ground more likely .
We were expecting the ground assault as early as the first or second day , but -- oh gosh , another strike , so close .
Maybe 500 meters to one kilometer away .
Now another one .
We rely on local radio stations to tell us exactly where the strikes are .
I think these strikes are from Navy vessels , because I live near the beach .
I 'm sorry .
I 've lost my concentration .
The conclusion I wanted to end with is that Israeli leaders do n't want a second Winograd report .
The first report concluded that the initial aerial strikes against Lebanon actually failed .
This is what is happening right now .
That 's why we 've started hearing criticisms in the mainstream Israeli press , such as Ha'aretz and Yediot Aharonot newspapers , including from pilots saying that we 're killing so many civilians .
And remember , the last time I talked to you , I explained that the timing of the first strikes was at 11:30 a.m. on a Saturday morning , when schoolchildren are returning home .
So 80 children have been killed , and by the way , today , two sisters -- seven and eight years old -- died in the morning , and an hour ago , I heard their brother died from his injuries .
So Israel 's " strategy " is to kill as many civilians as possible to create a situation where civilians would rebel against Hamas and resistance movements .
But like in Lebanon , this has had the opposite effect .
The population supports the resistance -- and not only the resistance of Hamas by the way .
Just like in Lebanon , it was n't only the resistance of Hezbollah , but also the Lebanese Communist Party that had support .
And here , we have Hamas as one organization among 12 to 14 organizations , including the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine and the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine .
EARLIER , YOU mentioned that we 're in the grey area between the Bush and Obama administrations .
What makes this so favorable for military action by Israel ?
IDEOLOGICALLY , THE Bush administration sees the crushing of Palestinian resistance as part of the so - called war on terror .
Notice that I say Palestinian resistance , and not the Islamic resistance of Hamas , because all resistance to imperial oppression is defined as " terrorism " by the Bush administration .
The U.S. enables Israeli crimes in Palestine and Lebanon with its financial , military and moral support .
These are the same kinds of atrocities that the neocons in the U.S. have inflicted on Iraq and Afghanistan , with their fighter planes and tanks firing all kinds of ordnance -- both conventional and illegal , such as white phosphorous and cluster bombs -- against civilians .
The Bush administration even blames Hamas .
It has adopted the policy of " blaming the victim , " and this has been the ideological orientation of the Zionist state since its inception .
The Bush administration also has a close ideological partner in the right - wing government of Israel , so it 's easier for them to find that support from the Bush administration .
Bush allowed Olmert and Livni to undermine the Annapolis meeting [ in 2007 between Israeli and Palestinian leaders , hosted by U.S. officials in Maryland ] .
The Annapolis meeting itself was a fiasco , but Bush also allowed them to undermine it by focusing on Israeli " security " and marginalizing the whole issue of Palestine and Palestinian rights .
In fact , I read yesterday in Ha'aretz that Israeli officials began talking about this assault on Gaza as a plan six months ago .
Ehud Barak asked his officers and generals to start planning for this attack .
This is at the same time that they agreed to the truce with the resistance movement in Gaza .
After the Annapolis meeting , Olmert immediately authorized a massive building program of new Jewish - only housing units in East Jerusalem , which was a violation of both the letter and the spirit of the two - state solution [ that was nominally under discussion at Annapolis ] .
The two - state solution has been the essence of the Bush doctrine in the Middle East , but I do n't think there is any possibility of the establishment of an independent Palestinian state , because Israel has taken irreversible steps in the West Bank to make such a state an impossibility .
The same complicit silence that we see right now from the Bush White House has also accompanied the drive to starve Gaza for the last two years -- the shortages of food , fuel , medicine , electricity .
Patients in need of dialysis and other kinds of medicine have been dying daily for the last two years .
Even a person as ignorant of Middle Eastern issues as George W. Bush must realize how cynical it is to talk about a two - state solution that has been rendered impossible by Israeli colonization of the West Bank , the looting and pillaging of Gaza , the construction of the apartheid wall , the annexation of more than 25 percent of West Bank land to the expanding Jewish settlements .
The Bush administration has been silent or has supported all of these measures .
So the Israeli government wants to take advantage of Bush 's support .
It is also hesitant to embarrass Barack Obama at the beginning of his term , although I do n't believe Obama will be that different when it comes to Middle Eastern issues .
Obama has already shown his complicity .
When he visited Palestine during the presidential campaign , he spent only 45 minutes in Ramallah with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , after which he refused to give a press conference .
Then Obama visited Sderot , the Israeli town that neighbors Gaza , and sympathized with the Sderot people , but uttered not a word of sympathy for the starving Palestinians of Gaza .
And the first thing he did after being elected president was appoint Rep.
Rahm Emanuel , who is known for his strong pro-Israel views , as his chief of staff .
So the signals from Obama are clear .
But the Israelis do n't want to force his hand from the moment he takes office on January 20 .
That 's why the gray area is important to them .
The difference between what happened in Lebanon in 2006 and Gaza today is that the people living in the south of Lebanon fled to Beirut - - about half a million people , I think .
The people of Gaza , however , cannot do that .
The only exit here is the Rafah crossing , which is completely closed off by Egyptian authorities .
So the population of 1.5 million in Gaza are left in Gaza , supporting the resistance .
And when I say resistance , I 'm not only talking about military resistance .
I 'm talking about initiating a global boycott , divestment and sanctions campaign to put pressure on Israel .
We , as civil society organizations , have called for his .
I'm on the steering committee of the Palestinian Campaign for Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel .
I am also on the Boycott , Divestment and Sanctions Central Committee .
We call on all civil society organizations around the world -- in the United States , in the Arab and Islamic world and so on -- to initiate a boycott , divestment and sanctions campaign modeled on the anti-apartheid divestment campaign against South Africa during the 1970s and 1980s .
After the Sharpeville Massacre committed by the racists of South Africa against Black people , the divestment movement got momentum , and that was the beginning of the end of apartheid .
I look at what is happening in Gaza today from a historical perspective , and I think this should be the beginning of the end of the apartheid state of Israel .
This is not an anti-Semitic argument , as critics often assert .
I am calling for the establishment of a secular democratic state in the historic land of Palestine - - a state for all of its citizens , regardless of religion , race or sect .
Also , I must say that I really appreciate all of your great work there in the U.S.
To be working as dissidents and critical voices against the power of the mainstream media in the U.S. has really been impressive , and gives us support here .
Honestly , I talk about you all the time .
Because what people know about America here are the Apache gunships and the F - 16s , and what the American government does .
I always tell people that there is another America that you represent , and that is the America we bank on .
THAT'S VERY kind of you to say , but it's us who are humbled by your courage and conviction as the Israeli attack continues .
Here , the media reports on the situation as if the fighting in Gaza is a battle between two equally matched contenders -- instead of massive firepower against a population that has very little to defend itself with
.
TO TALK about " two sides " is truly absurd .
What you have is one side that is considered under international law as an occupying and colonizing power ; one side that has F - 16s and Apache helicopters ; one side that has the third or fourth strongest army in the world , and of course , the strongest army in the Middle East ; and one side that has more than 250 nuclear warheads .
On the other side , you have an occupied people -- people fighting with stones , people fighting with crude , homemade rockets like firecrackers .
It 's unfair to talk about two evenly matched sides because it absolves Israel of its war crimes that have been committed in Gaza .
It would seem mandatory for the International Court of Justice to investigate the crimes committed by Israeli generals and officers , and indict them for crimes against humanity .
How is it possible to talk about " two sides ? "
You do n't have two sides .
Were there two equal sides when we were discussing apartheid and the African National Congress ?
Were there two sides when Hitler and the Nazis were committing horrendous crimes and killing more than 6 million innocent Jews ?
The world said we would never allow that to happen again .
The uprising of the Warsaw Ghetto -- the Intifada of the Jewish prisoners in Poland in 1943 - - actually inspires us here in Gaza .
Gaza has been transformed into the largest concentration camp on the face of the earth .
And you cannot equate the prisoner and the warden .
I think in America people need to wake up to this reality .
Tankless water heaters have been used in Europe and Asia for 50 years , and they are gaining popularity in the US .
Right now they represent about 8 % of new sales in the US .
Tankless heaters , also called on - demand , flash or instant water heaters , qualify for a $ 300 federal tax credit .
How efficient are tankless water heaters ?
Tankless water heater are about 10 % - 20 % more efficient than tanked heaters , depending on circumstances .
The problem with tanks is that heat leaks out of the tank , and the heater has to constantly reheat the water , 24 hours a day .
Tankless water heaters are available in propane ( LP ) , natural gas , or electric models .
They come in a variety of sizes for different applications , such as a whole - house water heater , a hot water source for a remote bathroom or hot tub , or as a boiler to provide hot water for a home heating system .
They can also be used as a booster for dishwashers , washing machines , and a solar or wood - fired domestic hot water system .
Some statistics :
Water heating accounts for 20 % - 25 % of an average household ’s annual energy use .
The American Council for an Energy - Efficient Economy determined that total cost for a tankless water heaters is less than for standard water heaters over a 13 - year period .
The U.S. Department of Energy site states that you can save up to 30 % of the energy you currently use with a tank heater .
But the American Council for an Energy - Efficient Economy says to expect only a 10 % - 15 % reduction in water heating energy used .
Gas - powered tankless water heaters are the most efficient , but are the most difficult to install and require venting .
Electric tankless water heaters are somewhat more efficient than tank electric heaters ( about 8 % more efficient ) , but are generally less efficient than gas - heated tank water heaters .
Since electric tankless heaters are less powerful , their flow rates are generally limited to 1 - 3 GPM .
Point - of - use electric heaters ( see the WaiWela mini heaters below ) are great for a remote faucet or bathroom where usage is minimal and the flow rate is small .
However , when comparing water heaters , a number of factors have to be weighed : the cost of installation , how hot you like your water , the number of people in your household , and the cost of gas and electricity in your area .
Let ’s quickly review the advantages and disadvantages of tankless water heaters :
Advantages :
Uses less energy ( eliminates heat loss in tanks and through pipes )
Continuous hot water ( hot water does n’t run out )
Long life - span ( 20 years versus 13 for a tank heater )
Compact size
Disadvantages :
Some tankless heaters have difficulty coping with large households
More expensive than tank water heaters
Owners may wait longer for hot water to arrive at a faucet ( depending on installation )
With tankless water heaters , there is a short delay between the time when the water begins flowing and when the heater ’s flow detector activates the heating elements or gas burner .
In the case of continuous use applications ( showers , baths , washing machine ) this is not an issue .
However , for intermittent use applications ( for example when a hot water faucet is turned on and off repeatedly ) this can result in periods of hot water , then some small amount of cold water as the heater activates , followed quickly by hot water again .
Installing a tankless system comes at an increased cost , particularly in retrofit applications .
They tend to be particularly expensive in areas such as the US where they are not dominant , compared to the established tank design .
If a storage water heater is being replaced with a tankless one , the size of the electrical wiring or gas pipeline may have to be increased to handle the load and the existing vent pipe may have to be replaced , possibly adding expense to the retrofit installation .
Here is a round - up of the best tankless water heaters :
Takagi T - K3 Tankless Water Heater
Takagi heaters were the first tankless water heaters available in North America , and they ’ve been manufactured in Japan since 1946 .
Their current indoor model , the Takagi Flash T - K3 delivers 258 gallons per hour of hot water every hour .
It ’s capable of handling water flows ranging from 0.5 – 7.0 gallons per minute , with heating capability of 11,000 to 199,000 BTU ( the widest range on the market ) .
It ’s all controlled by a computer board and sensors checking for flow , temperature and demand .
The only complaints about Takagi heater we ’ve seen are the same as those about tankless water heaters in general– that it takes a while for hot water to flow , and that flow rate is reduced when inlet water is cold , or when many people are using the hot water at once .
The Takagi Mobius model is capable of producing a rate of flow approaching 10 GPM , making it ideal for central water heating .
You can link up to 20 Mobius units together using one main control system .
Note that with most gas - supplied demand heaters , significant input BTU is required to ensure proper and safe operation
You can find Takagi heaters at Amazon and Low Energy Systems .
Stiebel Eltron Tankless Water Heaters
The Stiebel Eltron company was established in Germany in 1924 , and they ’ve been selling their quality heaters in the US since 1980 .
Like Takagi ’s heaters , Stiebel Eltron ’s gas or propane tankless water heaters are equipped with temperature sensors that continuously monitor the incoming and outgoing water temperatures , and the temperatures can be controlled to within one degree by using the digital controls provided .
Stiebel Eltron heaters are warranted for three years , and sell for about $ 700 - $ 800 .
Stiebel Eltron heaters are available from Low Energy Systems and Amazon .
Paloma Tankless Water Heaters
Paloma began operation in 1911 in Japan , and they are a major gas appliance company in Japan .
The Paloma Group also owns the US company Rheem .
Paloma makes large capacity heaters , which can serve large households and even small businesses .
They work well in homes with low - pressure , or in homes where there no electrical power or intermittent power .
For example , the Paloma 28 c model is said to be able to serve “ the needs of a small restaurant kitchen , a school shower facility , or a large National Guard training base ” .
Paloma claims to have unique safety features built into their heaters .
All of Paloma ’s indoor tankless water heater models are equipped with a system to monitor and correct combustion conditions that could lead to carbon monoxide production .
These models are also equipped with an Overheat Limiter Film Wrap designed to detect overheating all around the heat exchanger .
Paloma heaters are available from Low Energy Systems .
WaiWela Mini Instant Water Heaters
Waiwela heaters are made by Paloma .
They are compact electric heaters which actually contain a small tank .
These point - of - use heaters are usually installed under a sink .
They plug into a regular 120V household electric socket , and provide instant hot water , thus saving water because you do n’t wait for the hot water .
There are two models available : 2.5 gallon Waiwela , and 4 gallon Waiwela .
Both are 110 VAC , UL approved , and they are warrantied for six years .
They are available from Low Energy Systems .
Solar Water Heating and Tankless Heaters
What would be the most efficient way of heating water ?
Using direct solar water heating , in combination with another renewable source such as wood and biomass ( cleanly burnt ) , and biogas .
Biogas can be used in a LP gas water heater , but it is not commonly available in the US .
A solar water heater can reduce your hot water heating bill by 60 to 95 percent , potentially saving hundreds of dollars a year .
However , upfront and installation costs can be high , anywhere from $ 1,500 to $ 5,000 , although there are federal tax credits available .
A tankless heater will also work as a backup , as long as it is designed to accept hot - water input ( not all of them are ) .
Stem Cell , Climate Rules Among Targets of President - Elect ’s Team
By Ceci Connolly and R. Jeffrey Smith
Washington Post Staff Writers
Transition advisers to President - elect Barack Obama have compiled a list of about 200 Bush administration actions and executive orders that could be swiftly undone to reverse White House policies on climate change , stem cell research , reproductive rights and other issues , according to congressional Democrats , campaign aides and experts working with the transition team .
A team of four dozen advisers , working for months in virtual solitude , set out to identify regulatory and policy changes Obama could implement soon after his inauguration .
The team is now consulting with liberal advocacy groups , Capitol Hill staffers and potential agency chiefs to prioritize those they regard as the most onerous or ideologically offensive , said a top transition official who was not permitted to speak on the record about the inner workings of the transition .
( Entire Story )
DJ AM and Travis Barker New Year 's Eve Reunion
This is great news for the only two survivors of the horrific plane crash that claimed the lives of four others .
Drummerandare reuniting to perform for the New Year 's Nation 's Los Angeles New Year 's Eve party at The Lot in West Hollywood .
New Year 's
Eve parties nationwide will be able to broadcast the reunion , which will be streamed on the Internet .
This will be the first performance for Travis and Adam since the crash .
The duo last combined their talents at a free concert which hosted 10,000 fans in Columbia , South Carolina .
Travis posted a message on his blog over Thanksgiving weekend , saying :
" I wanted to say thanks ... and share my gratitude for everything I 've been blessed with .
Family , friends , and continued support from everyone .
Thank you for life , and all the little ups and downs that make it worth living .
My best to everyone . "
We send our best to Travis and DJ AM and look forward to hearing their performance .
If you have n't seen photos of Travis during his hospital stay , you can check them out here
Amazon.com works with manufacturers to box products in Certified Frustration - Free Packaging , which reduces the overall amount of packing materials used .
Amazon Certified Frustration - Free Packaging is recyclable and comes without excess packaging materials .
The product inside is the same , and everything is included in the Certified Frustration - Free Packaging that would be in the original manufacturer 's packaging .
To send a gift and keep the contents of your package a surprise , select the gift option during checkout ( if available ) or you may mark " Ship in Amazon box " on the checkout page if you do n't wish to reveal the contents ( if available ) .
If the " Ship in Amazon box " option is selected the item will be shipped in an Amazon.com box at no additional cost .
For more information about Amazon Certified Frustration - Free Packaging and eligible items , go to Amazon Frustration - Free Packaging .
ALLEN PARK -- Detroit Lions head coach Rod Marinelli said today that he wants no part of any type of apology from Detroit News columnist Rob Parker .
After Detroit's 42 - 7 loss to the Saints on Sunday , Parker spent several minutes grilling Marinelli about the performance of his defensive coordinator -- and son - in - law -- Joe Barry and why Barry was n't fired for the team 's poor defensive production .
After the often - intense exchange , Parker said , " On a lighter note -- do you wish your daughter had married a better defensive coordinator ? '' Marinelli did n't respond at that time , but he addressed the situation today .
" Anytime you attack my daughter , I 've got a problem with that .
In a room of stink ... and as a man and it was premeditated .
I think there was something wrong with that , yeah . ''
When asked if Parker had crossed the line , Marinelli said , " Big time . "
Marinelli refused to address two questions about what he meant by " room of stink . ''
" I 'll leave it at that , '' he said , adding that he had not talked to Parker and had no desire to do so .
On why he did n't immediately respond to Parker 's question , Marinelli said : " I just do n't think that 's the right stage for that .
To me , it 's not .
It 's the wrong stage for the game of football and for me to even react to something like that , on a stage about football -- it 's a kid 's game , it 's for the kids .
It 's wrong . ''
When asked about Parker 's apology column , Marinelli said : " I did n't read it , but I was told a little bit about it .
I do n't accept anything .
There are so many times people will say ... I had an assistant coach ( Jim Colletto ) one time make a remark with you guys that he did n't want to embarrass a player ( Drew Stanton ) , did he take that remark back ?
Would you guys let him ?
No , you went from our practice field and ran to the locker room and put a microphone in front of the player -- and ( the coach ) did n't mean it that way .
Do you remember that ?
To me , this is worse .
Because his intent was to stir me up which is never going to happen .
I can shoulder anything you bring .
Easy .
I can shoulder anything you bring . ''
You know , I ’ve never really given the melting point of cheese a huge amount of thought .
Until now , that is .
It started with the runny camembert experiment .
Having recently discussed the ethics of using a microwave to encourage camembert into a state of runniness , I just had to try it out for myself .
I was quite surprised that no more than a few seconds worth of exposure to those micro-waves was enough to reduce a formerly upstanding wedge of camembert to utter gloop .
Not long thereafter , and clearly being in a dairy products frame of mind , I decided to have a snack of some fried halloumi cheese .
This cheese from Cyprus , made from a mixture of goat ’s , sheep ’s and sometimes cow ’s milk , is salty ( somewhat like feta ) but has a texture more like mozzarella .
It ’s very much at the other end of the melting spectrum from camembert and its high melting point means that it ’s very suitable for grilling and frying , as the slices retain their shape , despite the heat of the pan .
If you ’ve not tried halloumi ( and can get your hands on it ) , it ’s delicious fried in butter until golden and splashed with some lemon juice .
In between camembert and halloumi , there are , of course , a myriad of other cheeses , all with varying degrees of meltability .
Towards the solid end of the scale , I think of chunks of paneer in Indian curries , while that ultimate expression of melted cheese , the fondue , is likely to have gruyere and emmental swishing about in the mix .
My favourite quattro formaggi pizza would have little islands of melty gorgonzola and ricotta merging into the mozzarella and all dressed with a coating of grated parmesan that just seems to go straight to the golden crusty stage in the heat of the oven .
And last , but not least , there ’s the humble cheese - on - toast .
While there are as many variations of cheese - on - toast as there are cheeses and breads ( a la Mrs Marv ’s recent Grilled Cheese Manifesto ) , we generally want something that ’s going to melt without too much encouragement and , yes , cheddar fits the bill nicely , among many others .
Do practice while you can .
You 'll need it when you
Postman loses £ 130,000 savings to Nigerian internet scam after being duped by a friend he met on MySpace
A postman told today how he sank into depression and debt after losing £ 130,000 in an internet scam involving Nigerian fraudsters .
Shane Symington described how an apparently innocent friendship that he formed with an American woman through the MySpace website turned into a ' nightmare ' as he started handing over money .
The 32 - year - old said he was friends with ' Angela Gates ' for several weeks in the spring of 2007 before she suddenly started asking for money to pay for her mother 's funeral and medical expenses .
He said the requests then carried on for money to pay for legal fees so that the woman , who called herself Angela Gates , could free up land that she had inherited apparently worth $ 2 million .
Duped : Shane Symington with the MySpace page of ' Angela Gates ' , who was really a Nigerian man
The requests continued throughout the year and , by last year , Mr Symington had handed over his bank details and more than £ 100,000 .
He said that he became suspicious when the woman stopped communicating with him and contacted what he thought was a website run by the FBI in America but which turned out to be another scam .
Mr Symington , of Portsmouth , Hampshire , said he then got a text message from his ' friend '
Angela who revealed that it was all a fraud .
Exotic beauty : Mr Symington was led to believe that this model was his friend
' It said that it was all false and that Angela was actually a man from Nigeria ' , Mr Symington said .
' I guess he came clean because he thought he had taken all the money he could . '
But his problems did not end there as he was then contacted by another woman , again from America , claiming she had also been caught in the scam .
He said that he then helped pay her legal expenses and the cost of hiring two ex-FBI agents in an attempt to regain the lost money for both of them .
Mr Symington said that he now believes that these people are also involved in the scam .
He said that he had paid out more than £ 30,000 to them , bringing his total losses to more than £ 130,000 .
Warning : Mr Symington wants others to be extremely careful before handing money over to people , like he did for ' Angela Gates ' ( right )
He said : ' I feel sick from it all , I feel disillusioned , they have just played on my good nature .
I 've lost my life - savings , I have two loans and credit card debts , I 'm in huge debts because of all of this .
' Before this happened , I used to go out every night , now I just stay in because I 've lost all the self - confidence in my life and I do n't have the money to go out any more .
I 've also had five weeks off with depression from work . '
Warning others to be extremely careful before handing any money over to people they have met through the internet , he said : ' It 's just wicked people getting everything they can get out of people .
' You just ca n't trust anyone on the internet .
I want to warn people but I know I wo n't be the last to fall for something like this .'
Detective Constable Jon Knox , of Hampshire Police , added : ' This is a very sad situation , and this man has now parted with a huge sums of money through his own good nature - in trying to help others and then to recover some of what he had lost .
' We do not want anyone else to fall foul of this kind of shocking activity and I would warn anyone who is asked for money over the internet by people they do not know to refuse and not put yourself at risk . '
A police spokeswoman added that there was little police could do to help Mr Symington get his money back .
She said : ' The money can not be recovered due to the current political situation in Nigeria , resulting in a lack of co-operation from the police in the country . '
Frankly , if I were Michael Mumma , I 'd be going nuts right now .
The NASA scientist and his colleagues have either found evidence of life on Mars , or are getting fooled by some weird geochemistry .
The researchers today today are reporting that in 2003 and 2006 , they recorded plumes of methane rising from the surface of the Red Planet .
Working back from their measurements of methane in the air , the researchers pinpointed some particular spots on Mars where the methane came from .
And it 's a lot of methane they 're talking about -- 19,000 metric tons of the stuff in one plume .
It 's coming out of Mars at the same rate seen at methane - producing spots on Earth .
Those places on Earth happen to be places where microbes are churning the gas out .
There might be other ways of getting plumes of methane into the air - - generating it from magma , for example .
But in a paper published today by Science , Mumma and his colleagues point to the possibility that microbes buried a mile or two under the surface of Mars might be responsible .
There are certainly analogs here on Earth - - or here under Earth .
On our planet , scientists can study these deep microbes by traveling down through mine shafts .
Sending the equipment to dig a mine shaft on Mars might be a wee bit expensive , unfortunately .
So -- what 's going on ?
I 've just tuned into a 2 pm press conference at NASA , and I 'll do a little live - blogging for you and update this post .
Source : " Strong Release of Methane on Mars in Nornern Summer 2003 , " MJ Mumma et al , Science January 15 , 2009
Press conference notes :
2:01 Mars is " active . "
Diplomatic , I guess .
2:03 Mumma shows a cool demonstration of how they measured the gas by looking at how light passed through it .
What blows me away about this is that all this was done from Earth , with ground - based telescopes .
Between this and the discovery of exoplanets , ground - based telescopes are doing some awesome stuff these days .
2:05 Mumma points out that this methane comes and goes .
So , it 's coming from somewhere and being removed and being replaced .
Also , this is the first definitive identification of methane on Mars .
2:06 Mumma 's choices : volcanoes or bugs .
2:07 Now Geronimo Villaneuva from Catholic University is explaining how they found where the stuff is coming from .
These places have a " rich history . "
Water flowed there before .
So maybe water is underground there now ( supporting life ) ?
2:09 Measuring isotopes in the future could help determine wha's making this stuff .
2:10 Sushil Atreya from the University of Michigan who was n't involved in the research is commenting .
Offering up possibilities -- geology , ie water and rock ; or biology .
Could be stored in the past and being released now .
2:12 Atreya is talking about how Mars may be getting rid of methane .
Light can knock it out over centuries .
Or maybe oxidants in the atmosphere .
2:14 Lisa Pratt of Indiana University is talking biology .
She is stoked .
2:15 Okay , I mean as stoked as scientists get at press conferences where they talk about photic zones .
You can see it in the rise of her eyebrows .
2:15 Subpermafrost brines on Earth are a good model .
Or radioactive minerals splitting water to hydrogen , reacts it with carbon dioxide to make methane deep underground .
2:16 Pratt wants to look for life on Mars that 's exhaling methane .
I think she just called it prudent to look for it .
What a fascinating word to choose ...
2:17 Reporters are now asking questions .
2:18 Mumma points out that if volcanoes were making the methane , you 'd expect other gases too , which they do n't see .
NASA will look for other things that would be consistent with biology .
2:21 Mumma is explaining some of the backstory -- first reports of observations were in 2003 .
We knew we had methane since late 2003 , he says .
But they 've been working to make the data " unassailable . "
We 'll see ...
2:22 Mike Meyer of NASA : Mars Science Laboratory , a planned probe to the surface of Mars could do a better job of measuring the methane -- including the balance of isotopes .
( Methane from life has a slightly different balance than methane from volcanoes . )
2:24 Seth Borenstein from AP is asking about picking where to drop MSL .
Four sites have already been named finalists , but Meyer is saying that they 've " reset the clock " on the selection process .
2:25 A question on digging : Lisa Pratt says we'd have to go down to where water stays melted .
A shallow drill wo n't cut it .
A " very thin nearly invisible film " of bacteria may be spread over fractured rocks .
2:27 Mumma seems to be suggesting a deep drill is n't the only possibility .
Maybe just peek under permafrost .
2:27 Pratt is talking about how much water you have to filter to find microbes from the deep Earth .
So this wo n't be a cake - walk on Mars .
2:28 A question about methane from comets .
Atreya says that the comet would have to be several kilometers across and hit in the past few centuries .
" We would have known it . "
We do n't .
So probably comets can be ruled out .
2:31 Mumma : what is the right strategy to exploit this discovery ?
We need to measure Mars surface all the time to find all the active vents , figure out what 's coming out of them , find the most likely to be biological , and decide where we really want to go .
2:33 [ Let 's just note that this announcement comes from NASA right before a new administration comes in , at a time when spending priorities are in serious flux .
Just sayin ' . ]
2:35 Back to the science : Lisa Pratt says methane from rock ( serpentinization ) is rare on Earth and actually plugs up active sites .
This is why she takes biology seriously as " slightly more plausible . "
2:39 If life is deep underground , the water released with the methane may be very old .
Age of water can also be estimated from isotopes .
2:41 Pratt says we need to find a haze of biomarkers in the atmosphere or drill .
[ She has done an admirable job of resisting the urge to say Drill , baby , drill . ; ) ]
2:42 Ken Chang at the Times has an article up -- no comments from outside researchers .
2:45 Mumma : How to study an active Mars ?
[ It 's not a dead museum now . ]
2:47 These guys are talking to each other now , not to the reporters .
Hey - - maybe we missed some other evidence from our orbiters -- maybe we could do certain tests on minerals , etc . ...
2:48 In the comments , Joe asked if they found helium .
Nothing in the paper or the press conference so far .
2:49 Atreya says , " Just remember , we 're talking about life as we know it . "
A shout - out for weird life -- excellent !
2:51 Jason asks in the comments if it 's enough methane for astronauts to use for energy .
No .
2:53 I mean , no , not the plume they found .
Mumma is making the point that we do n't know how much methane Mars is belching .
( Do microbes belch ?
Is this Martian flatus ? )
2:54 If we do n't know if the production is geo or bio , we know it 's easier to live by consuming methane .
" It gives us a bull 's eye to look for . "
Sulfate reduction coupled to methane consumption looks very attractive now -- also happens to be one of the oldest ways of making a living on Earth .
2:56 Ken Chang gets the last question : is this a seasonal release ?
Mumma :
We are n't at liberty to discuss the release in other seasons .
[ In case you wondered why press embargoes are a bad idea . ]
--- Well , they 're done .
I 'm reminded of the press conference long ago when NASA scientists announced that they might have found Martian fossils in meteorites that landed on Earth .
Did n't pan out so well .
This time around , the scientists were pretty open about the two different options .
And lucky for them , if this is evidence of life , it 's life that 's alive right now , not fossilized for billions of years .
It will be easier to find because there 's more of it and it 's letting us know it 's there .
Of course , if part of your research programm is getting a two - mile drill to Mars , " easier " is a most relative term .
Sniffed out - and presented for you here
by your friends
RODNEY & PENNY
( a giant man and a tiny dog aboard a yacht
who are pretending to be pirates
Yes ?
No ?
Tell us what you think
( Update : Add the before and after , as requested )
Have you ever come up with an environment slogan ?
I remember thinking about those special words that make people understand that we should be good stewards of our planet , our home .
Even though most of the time facts are more important in changing people ’s minds ; they need to see the harm done with their own eyes , often times words have their own weight .
Back to the title .
I ’ve decided to choose some of the best environment slogans I ’ve ever read or heard in various places , ever since I became aware that we should do something to change how we live to guard our home – planet Earth .
We do n’t care if you ’re going to use them on stickers , banners or t- shirts , but we ’d appreciate if you could come up with a few of your own and stick them in the comments below .
We ’ll add them to the list .
So let ’s get going , here are the 20 environment slogans we think we ’ll get you thinking .
20 . You Must Be the Change You Wish to See in the World – That should n’t surprise anyone .
19 . Every Time History Repeats Itself the Price Goes Up. – Oil anyone ?
18 . Where Do You Think the Environment Is ? –
That will sure get smart people think .
What is it ?
Does it need help ?
How can we help it ?
17 . What Would Nature Do? – James Bond style .
What would James Bond do to save the animals , to reduce pollution ?
He ’d sure do something brilliant .
Right ?
16 . I Object to NOT Saving our Planet – I do , too .
15 . Can You Hear the Eco? – Many do n’t .
Maybe we can teach them .
14 . Hear the Trees Falling ?
–
Not really , but we see forests disappearing .
13 . Ignore It And It Will Go Away – Extinct is the word .
Ignore the needs and we ’ll be space history .
12 . What Will Your Children Breathe ? –
Well do n’t be smart with us .
It ’s going to be air ( O2 ) but unless we do something it ’s going to be filled with all sorts of poisons .
11 . What Will Your Children Drink ? –
Sure hope it does n’t need any more explanations .
10 . See Green , See Life – Most of the time if it ’s green it has life in it .
And no do n’t give me the Green Hummer example .
We ’re talking about plants , nature .
9. Melting Ice – A Hot Topic ! – I think it was the World Environment Day slogan selected for 2007 .
And they have a point .
Ever thought what will happen if ice melts .
What about the polar bears and their habitat ?
8. Delivering Environmental Innovation Through Sustainable Practices .
– Intel
7. Kick the CO2 Habit – That was used for the 2008 World Environment Day and the United Nations Environment Programme ( UNEP ) said it may be easier than you think .
6. Green .
That ’s how we ’d like the world to be .
– Toyota … you and me both .
5. Good Golly , Go Green Girl – More like eco club stuff , targeting young students , right ?
4 . It ’s Cool to Be an Eco-school – It sure is .
If you really believe in what you do , and your students understand that being eco is not just to be fashionable , we ’re good .
3. Green for Bikes – My fellow Romanian friends ( pedaleaza.ro ) came up with an interesting slogan to make authorities aware that cycling is a solution to a city ’s high traffic .
The results have been incredible .
Lots of bikers .
2. Reduce , Reuse & Recycle – Does n’t need any explanation , I bet .
1. Will Work for Trees – Simply amazing .
Kudos to the one who thought of it .
Wish my boss would plant a tree for every article I ’m putting up .
Right Bill ?
Thanks for the beautiful image to photos_mweber@Flickr
I visited the Tokyo Eco Products convention the other day ( 2008/12/12 ) to be exact and naturally I headed straight for the Nikon booth where my gaze immediately fell upon this beauty : a Nikon D3 cut in half for all of our camera porn pleasures !
For a technophile camera lover as myself , I was for once happy to be a foreigner in Japan : the staff politely ignored my feeble attempts to take a decent photo through the counter glass .
I felt slightly incestous : a Nikon D60 photographing a crippled D3 .
Behold all the beauty that is Nikon technology !
And pray that you never see anything like this again .
Share this : Tumblr
Facebook
Reddit
Twitter
Pinterest
More
Print
Email
Pocket
LinkedIn
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Customer : * calling on the phone * “ Hello , I ’d like to make an appointment with the groomer .
My dog wo n’t get up and walk around , and every time I touch his leg , he whimpers .
I think it may be broken . ”
Me : “ Well , ma’am , I do n’t think the groomer is the best place to take an animal with a broken leg .
Your best bet would be to call a vet , and have them look at the animal . ”
Customer : “ Vets are expensive .
A groomer deals with animals as well .
Should n’t they know everything a vet does ? ”
Me : “ Ma’am , bringing a dog with a broken leg to a groomer is like bringing a kid with a broken leg to a hairdresser .
I think a vet would be a much better choice . ”
Customer : “ Well , I NEVER !
That ’s the stupidest thing I ’ve ever heard . ”
Me : “ I wont lie to you ; that ’s the stupidest thing I ’ve ever had to say .
You have a nice day . ” * hangs up *
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement An Australian father is missing , feared dead , after reportedly being attacked by a shark while swimming with his son .
Brian Guest , 51 , was in the ocean south of Perth , Western Australia , when locals reported " something pretty violent " out in the water .
His 24 - year - old son raised the alarm as rescuers began a search for Mr Guest , described as an experienced swimmer and diver who knew the area well .
Australia has had one other fatal shark attack in 2008 , off the eastern coast .
Surfer Peter Edmonds , 16 , was taken by a shark off the coast of New South Wales at Ballina in April .
' Respect for nature '
Witnesses and officials admitted that the latest incident , which happened near Rockingham , to the south of Perth , bore the hallmarks of a shark attack .
Mr Guest and his son were reportedly snorkelling for crabs in familiar waters when they were attacked .
" There was lots of talk among witnesses at the incident location about seeing fins in the water but we can't yet say whether there was definitely a shark out there , though in all probability that 's what it is , " Mark Valentine , a local police inspector , told the Australian Associated Press .
" Something very traumatic and pretty violent has happened there and we are treating it as a probable shark attack , " he added .
Other witnesses reported that a shark had been spotted in the area during the search .
A family friend said Mr Guest 's son had been swimming close to his father at the time of the attack although he did not see it happen .
He quickly ran ashore to raise the alarm .
He said the family was assuming the worst .
'' It 's a shock loss for the family , " Steve Kent told Australian reporters .
" He was a loving father and husband who appears to have been taken by a shark . ''
He added that Mr Guest , who worked in the banking industry , would not have wanted the shark to be hunted and destroyed .
" [ He 's spent ] many , many years diving and fishing and [ has ] a very deep respect for the water and he knows the dangers of being in the water , " Mr Kent said .
" It 's nature and we should pay respects to nature and nature 's ways . "
Police are warning those using beaches around Perth to be careful when swimming .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
We have demanded change in America , that ’s why we elected Barack Obama President .
Now he must make immediate plans to launch the difficult process to institute real change in key elements in our government , financial and industrial sectors , and in our society at large .
I believe that he and the administration he creates can be successful , but if we give him a mandate for change and then merely watch from the sidelines as we have been doing , the chance for success and real change could be very problematic .
In the aftermath of 9/11 , the Bush administration never did ask Americans to react to that disaster by making any kind of personal sacrifices for the good of our nation .
They also had no plan of any kind to tackle the immense problems that were building to dangerous levels in America and abroad .
Therefore , nothing materialized to solve these problems and we now find ourselves drowning under massive problems that could have been prevented if they had been properly addressed .
Yes , it is time for real change ; mere talk wo n’t cut it anymore .
Business as usual is over .
All we have to do is look at what is happening around us , from foreclosures , banks collapsing , auto companies nearing bankruptcy , unemployment escalating , our 401 K ’s and other investments plummeting – and we will realize that change must come , and it had better come before it is too late to stop the rapid hemorrhaging .
So , let ’s talk about those specific areas that we know in our hearts that we personally can change and which can make great contributions to the overall effort .
Means of transportation – here are specific things that can be done .
Take a vow that we will never again buy an SUV or a pickup truck unless it is for business , other essential services or for a very large family .
The same goes for buying a V - 8 engine .
Go for reasonable sized vehicles , hybrids , and many 4 and 6 - cylinder engines have plenty of power and are very economical .
Each of the Big Three of our auto / truck industry is in deep financial straits and easily could slide into bankruptcy before long .
Now the industry wants $ 25 billion to bail it out .
How it came to this is quite clear and a lot of it has to do with our habits and lifestyles .
These companies , based on America ’s obsession with large vehicles , invested hundreds of billions in plants manufacturing pickup trucks and SUV’s .
Now they are being forced to close any number of them .
Conversely , foreign automakers have concentrated mainly on the market for mid-size and smaller vehicles .
Now , who are the winners and who are the losers ?
So many us have access to various forms of public transportation and many still do not take advantage of it .
For one example , in the suburbs of Chicago where I live , there are many Metra commuter lines that are at our easy disposal .
I have personally made a commitment never to drive into Chicago downtown areas ever again unless it is completely necessary .
Car - pooling , or ride sharing , has never really caught fire but holds a great potential for those who have long commutes to their places of work .
Where we live – it is time for the escalation of suburban sprawl to come to an end .
We should stop constructing subdivisions in isolated areas that call for long commutes to cities or areas having necessary amenities .
Sure the current cost of a barrel of oil and the price of gas are both falling , but long - term future projections most certainly point to future increased costs and decreases in supply .
You want to bet that the cost of a gallon of gas will never reach more than $ 4.00 again ?
I wo n’t because it is only a matter of time before the upward trend will return .
So , if you do n’t like living in a city , there are plenty of suburban towns that are not isolated , have the amenities and services people need , and many have commuter rail systems within easy access .
I do n’t know how many of the massive number of home foreclosures involve McMansions or other homes that are far larger than average families with average incomes need .
But I have heard many tales of people who have gone way overboard , bought homes far larger than they needed , and then struggled to furnish them or to make ends meet financially .
It makes no sense at all to heat or cool a huge home given the fact that those costs are ever increasing and someday before long the supply of natural gas or heating oil may become problematic .
Credit card debt – I have read several articles that indicate the next critical financial crisis that Americans will face will be with credit card debt .
Financial analysts say that there is more than $ 850 billion in unpaid credit card balances currently , and the total is expected to reach $ 1 trillion soon .
Last year US consumers added $ 68 billion against their credit card debt .
Major banks have been setting aside billions for loan - loss reserves anticipating an increase of 20 % in non-payments over the next two to four quarters .
This rapid escalation is coming right after the sub - prime mortgage and Wall St. financial crisis and could send many more banks and individuals into bankruptcy .
Who can tell anyone that they must stop using credit cards ?
Some are needed for absolute essentials – I have even heard of seniors having to use them for prescription drugs , which is really sad .
Essentials yes , but all of us should refuse to use them for things that we just do n’t need .
Material “ things ” – our capitalistic economic system depends upon continued proliferation of consumerism to keep our economy vibrant .
Remember when George Bush , in the aftermath of 9/11 , challenged us , not by calling for personal sacrifice , but by calling for us to go out and shop ?
Well , this is a system seems to be reaching the end of its relevancy .
It apparently is no longer working , as Americans who are strapped for money can’t continue spending – and cannot run up their credit cards anymore – so what are they to do ?
Well , for one thing , we can at least cut back spending some of our hard - earned money on the myriad of electronic and other non-essential gadgets in our lives .
MP3 players , iPods , all sorts of cell phones that can do almost anything but print money , GPS navigation systems ( whatever happened to maps ? ) , massive flat - screen TV’s , and a host of other non-essential things that are certainly nice to have but are clearly not crucial to our lives .
Of course , there in nothing at all wrong with having any of these things , but it just seems like we as a society have gone way overboard .
We are literally addicted to electronic gadgets , with cell phones stuck in our ears while we are walking , driving , in stores or even in restaurants .
A large part of the problems that involved mortgage foreclosures and the developing credit card crisis are due to financial commitments that are beyond the means of borrowers , but they still go make them to acquire something they feel they just must have .
Excessive mortgages , needless borrowing on home equity and reckless credit card purchases to acquire more things have brought our society to a point of no return .
And while all these financial catastrophes are happening all around us , more and more Americans are losing their jobs .
Right now , this nation is in a state of financial shock – one that will take much time and effort to turn around .
And that is why we will all have to make sacrifices whether we wish to or not .
But if we bring down our spending how will the economy ever recover ?
The economy can prosper by innovative thinking , by developing new industries that not only will generate revenues but that are readily at our disposal to pursue – a booming , job - creating energy industry to solve our energy problems , massive programs to repair our damaged infrastructure , both of which create more good jobs ; by expanding our rail transportation systems to take cars off the highway and also create jobs – that ’s the positive way to generate jobs , growth and revenues rather than our current economic philosophy of just “ shopping till you drop ” .
All these new jobs will be largely performed by American labor , not by outsourcing them to other countries .
We must help this new President Obama in bringing massive change to America .
For if he fails , then America and we will fail .
And there is no better way to accomplish this than by changing our habits , our lifestyles and our entire lives .
We cannot fail to grab hold of this tremendous opportunity that has come about by this stunning , almost unbelievable victory .
So , if a good dose of sacrifice on each of our parts is what it ’s going take to put America back on track , then we must rise to the occasion and do just that !
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
[ / caption ]
Methane has been measured in large quantities in Mars atmosphere over several seasons , meaning Mars is active , either geologically or biologically .
“ We found methane , ” said Dr. Geronimo Villanueva from the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center , one member of a team of scientists reporting on their research at a press conference today at NASA Headquarters .
“ We can measure not only the methane , but where it is coming from and when it is being released . ”
This is the first definitive detection of methane on Mars that includes maps identifying areas of active release .
“ Mars is active , ” said Michael Meyers , lead NASA scientist for the Mars Program , “ but we do n’t know if it ’s because of biology or geology or both . ”
The methane on Mars was first detected in 1999 , again in 2001 and 2003 , which was widely reported , but not much was known about the origin or amount of the gas on Mars .
The research team found methane in the atmosphere of Mars by carefully observing the planet over several Mars years , and during all the Martian seasons with NASA ’s Infrared Telescope Facility , run by the University of Hawaii , and the W. M. Keck telescope , both at Mauna Kea , Hawaii .
Measurements were made using spectroscopy by which light is split into its individual wavelengths , and then the “ fingerprint ” of individual molecules can be identified .
From Earth the aperture of the spectrometer is placed along the north - south direction of the planet , and during observations , the instrument can acquire between 30 and 50 individual spectra of Mars for every sixty seconds .
Doing this they can build a map of the planet , as the planet rotates under the “ slit ” or aperture of the spectrometer .
The origin of methane could either be geologic where water reacts with hot rock and produces methane gas which escapes through pores in the planet ’s surface in a process called serpentinization .
Or it could be evidence of biology under the surface , where the methane generated by microbes could accumulate and then escape through the rocks .
Three regions of active release of methane were found and were seen over areas that show evidence of ancient ground ice or flowing water .
The plumes of methane appeared over northern hemisphere regions such as east of Arabia Terra , the Nili Fossae region , and the south - east quadrant of Syrtis Major , an ancient volcano 1,200 kilometers ( about 745 miles ) across .
“ We observed and mapped multiple plumes of methane on Mars , one of which released about 19,000 metric tons of methane , ” said Villanueva .
“ The plumes were emitted during the warmer seasons — spring and summer — perhaps because the permafrost blocking cracks and fissures vaporized , allowing methane to seep into the Martian air .
Curiously , some plumes had water vapor while others did not , ” said Villanueva .
The rate of release is about 1 pound per second or .6 kg per second .
“ Methane is quickly destroyed in the Martian atmosphere in a variety of ways , so our discovery of substantial plumes of methane in the northern hemisphere of Mars in 2003 indicates some ongoing process is releasing the gas , ” said Dr. Michael Mumma of NASA ’s Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Md. “ At northern mid-summer , methane is released at a rate comparable to that of the massive hydrocarbon seep at Coal Oil Point in Santa Barbara , Calif . ”
Another team member , Lisa Pratt , professor of geological sciences , Indiana University in
Bloomington , elaborated on whether the process creating the methane could be geological or biological .
“ If there is an “ A ” line of evidence that makes me think we need to seriously consider biology , it ’s the processes in the subsurface that would allow for methane generation that seems slightly more plausible for biology than geochemistry , ” she said .
“ Serpentinization is a simple water / rock reaction and is a process we see only in a few special places on Earth , usually associated with major fracturing and faulting that allows mantle like materials to be exposed to sea water and groundwater .
That ’s a process that ‘ plugs up the plumbing ’ and isolates the reactive site , and we do n’t see a lot of evidence for major active , deep faulting and uplift that would bring these reactive materials into contact with water . ”
While the team reported on results from observations in 2003 and 2006 , they said they were not at liberty to discuss findings from subsequent observations , as the work to decipher the findings is still being done .
But they hinted that relatively soon , more information would be available .
They are also developing a strategy for further studies with ground - based telescopes , current spacecraft orbiting Mars , and future spacecraft such as the Mar Science Laboratory , as well as re-looking at data already obtained to see if more clues can be found as to the origin of the methane on Mars .
Sources : NASA press conference , NASA
“ I ca n’t think of one piece of legislation that impacts them , and there has never been a time that they ’ve raised any legislation to me , ” the paper quoted Mr. Rangel as saying .
Indeed , in Mr. Rangel ’s formal submission to the House ethics committee , asking it to review his use of Congressional stationery in soliciting money for the school , he wrote , “ So far as I am aware , none of those whom I wrote had any pending requests into my office , lobbied me regarding any legislation before my committee , or asked me for assistance on legislation in which they had a special interest . ”
Mr. Rangel , who had opposed the tax change A.I.G. was seeking  part of a much bigger piece of legislation  ultimately allowed it to be added to a bill he sponsored .
Mr. Rangel ’s aides , and fellow Democrats on the Ways and Means Committee , say that he agreed to the bill only after being persuaded by other members of Congress that it would help an array of American companies weather the economic uncertainty .
After Mr. Rangel ’s office was asked in recent days about the letter from A.I.G. , Janice Mays , counsel to the Ways and Means Committee , said a search of the committee ’s records had not turned up a copy of it .
But she said Mr. Rangel had already changed his mind about the tax provision before A.I.G. says it sent him the letter .
Federal statutes and House ethics rules forbid members of Congress from asking for anything of value from a person or company with business before them .
Ms. Mays said those rules did not prohibit members of Congress from raising money for nonprofit organizations , even from people or companies with interests before the government .
And she said Mr. Rangel ’s representation to the ethics committee last summer concerned only those instances in which he had written to potential donors on Congressional stationery , not those he might have met with personally in seeking donations .
The Admiral Chabanenko took several hours to sail along the canal A Russian warship has sailed through the Panama Canal for the first time since World War II .
The Admiral Chabanenko had earlier completed manoeuvres with Venezuela 's navy , coinciding with a Latin American tour by the Russian president .
The 50 - mile ( 80 km ) canal linking the Atlantic and Pacific oceans was shut to the Soviet Union during the Cold War .
Correspondents say the Russian ship is sending a symbolic message in what the US sees as its sphere of influence .
Ties between the two superpowers have become strained because of Washington 's plan for a missile defence system in Poland and the Czech Republic - something Moscow is firmly opposed to .
Panama said the passage of the ship had no political significance , as the canal is " open to all the world 's ships " .
First since 1944
The warship entered the canal on Friday night and docked at Rodman , once the base for all US naval activities in South America , on Saturday .
It will stay in Rodman for five days .
The canal journey , the naval exercises and President Dmitry Medvedev 's visit to the region have been seen as aimed at strengthening Russia 's influence in the region .
In the naval exercises , about 1,600 Russian and 700 Venezuelan sailors on four Russian ships and 12 Venezuelan vessels took part in the VenRus 2008 joint exercise .
They had originally been scheduled to last three days , but both Venezuelan and Russian officials said the manoeuvres had been successfully completed in one day .
The first and only time Soviet warships used the Panama Canal was in 1944 , when the USSR and US were fighting as allies against Hitler , the Russian embassy in Panama told AFP news agency .
Four Soviet submarines crossed the Panama Canal from the Atlantic to the Pacific after undergoing repairs , it said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
andare all set to star in forthcoming comedy “ . ”
The film is based on a novel byandwrote the script with the author . ( Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ) and ( The Caveman ’s Valentine ) will produce .
“ This is a film for our times , these hilarious characters living on the edge of enormous wealth , scrapping for small pieces of the pie .
I suspect a lot of people will be able to identify nowadays , ” said producer Anthony Bregman .
Berman and Pulcini will direct ( The duo last directed “ The Nanny Diaries ” ) .
“ The Extra Man ” is set to enter production this February in New York .
Opel Ampera Electric Concept Car ( Photo )
GM 's European arm Vauxhall / Opel has announced its new concept auto , Ampara , which is being touted as its latest extended - range electric car .
The new ' ride ' will be showcased at the 2009 Geneva Motor Show ( March 5 - 15 ) .
The Opel Ampera is designed around GM 's newly christened Voltec plug - in hybrid technology .
The groundbreaking electric propulsion system will allow trips up to 40 miles using only the lithium - ion battery power which is charged using standard 230v outlets .
Distances beyond that will be powered by electricity that is generated by a small combustion engine .
According to GM Europe Marketing Chief Alain Visser , the new 5 - door , 4 - seat auto will be well suited for the daily commutes of most Europeans .
The manufacturer plans to make a big splash at the upcoming Geneva Motor Show and will release more details on March 3 , 2009 .
GM recently unveiled their American version , the Chevrolet Volt E- REV .
The extended range electric vehicle , like the European version featured above , can travel up to 40 miles on battery without emitting any exhaust gases .
The landmark car is one of the first to be revealed in production spec .
See the Chevrolet Volt below .
今年も最初のセッションの座長をおおせつかってしまいました。というか去年のPPLでもいきなりだったのだよな。今年も僕のセッションは面白い発表ばかりで良かったです。
Alanの講演もあったのですが 、Computer Scienceおよ びComputer Engineeringという言葉は、この日記でも以前から触れられているように、70年代に使い始めたときには「将来的にはScienceやEngineeringという言葉がふさわしい本物の科目にしていきたい」というaspirationだったはずで、今でも本物のScienceやEngineeringと比べるとお粗末なものなのに、やっている人はそういうものがもうあると思ってしまっている、というつかみから、マクルーハンの未来の見方、Mooreの法則でハードウェアは早くなっているはずなのに、ソフトウェアの起動や処理が新しいものほど遅くなっているという逆Mooreの法則、HTMLが90年代になって後から出てきたはずなのに、70年代から存在していたWYSIWYGという概念を考慮することなく一般の人には使いにくいものになっているという例、からSTEPSの根底にある原理の紹介などがされていた。
そして例のouter motivated とinner motivated の軸とinstrumental とideaの軸で、前者は80 - 20 , 後者は95-5くらいの割合になってしまっているので、inner motivatedでideaそのものの意味を考えることができる人は1%もいないという例のやつにつながる。まあ俺は自分で思うにこの1%には入らないが、outer motivatedでideaに興味を持つ「エンジニアっぽいタイプ」ではありたいとは思うものの、実際にはouter motivatedでinstrumentalな「大衆」のところなのではないかという危惧もあるわけである。
最近ちょっとさぼりぎみだったこともあり、STEPSの目標がわかっているはずなのにぜんぜんできていないというがっかり感、おそらくは京大側からの要請だろうがAlanに全部静的なスライドのみでプレゼンをさせてしまったということ、そしてまあ自分は本当に未来を見てないなという喪失感などがあってちょっと打ちのめされる、というか話の後しばらくもう苦笑がとまらない、というような迫力であった。
午後 のAran Lunzer ( 親御さんはなん でAranというつづりにしたんだろうね？)のデモは結構面白かった。横川さんのはいつものようにソフトそのものは細かいところがちょっと気が利いていたり全体のデザインも味があって面白いのだが、プレゼンはいつもの横川さんであった。他の2件はもうちょっと話の筋道考えたほうが良いかと。
それで晩御飯は懇親会なのだが、久しぶりの日本スタイルの懇親会であった。みな食べ物と飲み物を目の前にさらされながらも手をつけることができず、立ったままでお話を45分ほどじりじりと聞かされてからようやく一口すすることが許される、というものである。上で書いた「他の2件」もそうなのだが、もうちょっと人間を相手にしてどういうコミュニケーションを図ればよいのか、ということを考えるほうが良いのではないかね？「お話」は逐次通訳の人が日本語から英語およびその反対向きの訳をしていたのだが、どちら向きのときも5割増しくらいの時間をかけて(どうでも良い話を)訳すので、同じ話を二回聞かされてしかも二回目のほうが不正確で且つ長いという拷問のような状態だし。某吉正のように早めに帰らなくてはならない、という人もいるのに、45分立ちんぼうさせるというのはもう罰ゲームだよ。懇親を深める会なのだから、まず開始と共に飲み物で始めて、宴もたけなわのところで途中のエンターテイメントとして「お話」を入れる、というほうが良いのにね。
丸谷才一のエッセイに 「挨拶は大変だ」というものがあったが、「お話」というのはすでに偉い人が自分がどんなに偉かったかということを言う場ではなく、いかに不特定多数の人を楽しませるかという方向で考えてほしいと思う今日この頃です。
某吉正の名前も出たが、彼は健気にもやってきたし、旧ALAN-Kプロジェクト関係のさまざまな人々と久しぶりに会えたのがなかなか感動的ではありました。
それから参加者の方でこれを読んでいて、「大人の集まりのはずなのになぜ幼児が来ているのだ」と思われた方もいるかもしれません。ここに書くのも変かもしれませんが、あの幼児の母親は、故上林先生の秘書を勤めていたので、今回のAlanのテーマである「上林先生への追悼」ということを考えると、仕事で参加していた幼児の父親以上にあの場所にいるのにふさわしい立場ではあったわけです。そもそも、上林先生が彼ら二人を昼ごはんに呼んで、なにやら一万光年くらい遠まわしな形で動物のオスとメスの話をしていった、というのがきっかけでもあるわけですし。まあうるさかったかもしれませんが、こんなことができるのも今だけなのでお許しを。
In the recent posts I mentioned that because of class nesting the receiver of an implicit - receiver message send is not necessarily “ self ” .
The full story with a comparison to other approaches is told in Gilad ’s paper On the Interaction of Method Lookup and Scope with Inheritance and Nesting .
In this series of posts I provide an informal example - oriented introduction for someone familiar with Smalltalk , to help better understand the full story .
First an important terminology note .
When we say “ class ” we can refer to either a ( textual ) class definition or a class metaobject .
Because the relationship between the two in Smalltalk is normally one - to - one , we can pretty much ignore that ambiguity .
The Newspeak situation is different , and not thinking of definitions and metaobjects as separate things is perhaps the easiest way to get confused .
To avoid that , in this post I ’ll stick to spelling out “ class definition ” or “ class metaobject ” fully , unless there is no danger of confusion .
Quite naturally , “ nested classes ” first of all mean nested class definitions .
Why would we want to nest one class definition inside another ?
This , of course , largely depends on what exactly such nesting translates to and what benefits it brings , and that ’s what this whole series is about .
For starters ( even though this by far is not the primary benefit ) let ’s assume that we do it as a matter of code organization .
For example , suppose we are implementing the immortal Asteroids game and decide to nest the definition of the Asteroid class inside the Game class .
In the current Newspeak syntax it would look something like this :
class Game = () ( class Asteroid = ( ) ( ) )
This rather basic implementation will not bring us hours of gaming enjoyment , but at least we do now have one class definition nested inside the other .
How do we work with this thing ?
Starting from the outside , in the current Newspeak system hosted in Squeak , this definition would create a binding named “ Game ” in the Smalltalk system dictionary , holding onto the Game class metaobject .
This means that in a regular Smalltalk workspace we could evaluate
Game new
and get an instance of Game .
I want to emphasize right away that despite what this example may suggest , Newspeak has no global namespace for top - level classes .
This availability of Game as a global variable in Smalltalk alongside the regular Smalltalk classes is the scaffolding , useful here to write examples in plain Smalltalk to keep things more familiar for the time being .
So what about Asteroid — how could we instantiate that one ?
Nesting a class in another essentially adds a slot to the outer class definition , with an accessor to retrieve the value of the slot .
That value is the metaobject of the inner class .
So , we get an inner class ( metaobject ) by sending a message to an instance of its outer class ( metaobject ) .
Notice that it ’s not “ by sending a message to the outer class ” — “ an instance of ” is an important difference :
game := Game new .
asteroidClass := game Asteroid .
asteroid1 := asteroidClass new .
asteroid2 := asteroidClass new
So far nothing really surprising , apart from having to go through an instance of one class to get at another class .
Let ’s now change the example :
class1 := Game new Asteroid .
class2 := Game new Asteroid .
asteroid1 := class1 new .
asteroid2 := class2 new
This is more interesting .
asteroid1 and asteroid2 are both instances of Asteroid and behave the way the class definition says .
But since the Asteroid class references come from different game instances , what can we expect beyond that ?
For example , what would these evaluate to :
asteroid1 class == asteroid2 class asteroid1 isKindOf : class2
The answer is false , for both of them .
The two instances of Game produced by Game new evaluated twice contain independent Asteroid class metaobjects .
Their instances asteroid1 and asteroid2 are technically instances of different classes , even if those metaobjects represent the same class definition .
( Relying on explicit class membership tests is a poor practice in Smalltalk , and this illustrates why it ’s even more so in Newspeak ) .
Let ’s now look at another variation :
game := Game new .
asteroid1 := game Asteroid new .
asteroid2 := game Asteroid new .
In this case
asteroid1 class == asteroid2 class
is true because the two sends of the message Asteroid retrieve the same Asteroid class metaobject held onto by the instance of Game .
Let ’s now summarize the objects involved and their relationships .
They are shown in the following picture
There is a class metaobject for the Game class , contained by the system dictionary ( shown in gray to emphasize that it ’s not an “ official ” part of the scheme ) .
An instance , connected to the class with a dotted line to represent the instance - of / class - of relationship , holds the Asteroid class metaobject .
That metaobject has instances of its own , which are the asteroid1 and asteroid2 of our example .
If the Game class has additional instances ( one such instance is shown small in the diagram ) , each instance has its own copy of the Asteroid class metaobject .
If there were multiple levels of nested classes , the scheme would repeat for the deeper levels .
The diagram also illustrates a concept that will be central to the next part of this series : the enclosing object .
In terms of our example , an enclosing object of an asteroid ( instance ) is the game ( instance ) that owns the class ( metaobject ) of the asteroid .
This relationship is obviously quite important and useful : simply put , it means that an asteroid knows what game it is a part of .
That ’s simply by virtue of nesting the Asteroid class definition inside Game , without having to explicitly set up and maintain a back pointer from an asteroid to its game .
( Continued in part 2 ) .
POLICE spending on interpreters to help solve crime in the South has risen by almost 50 per cent in five years , figures have revealed .
Hampshire Constabulary said it spent £ 523,724 on hiring interpreters and carrying out translations in 2007 / 8 – up from £ 350,968 in 2003 / 4 .
The Conservative party claimed the figures showed the UK was letting in more foreign criminals than ever before .
Shadow Minister for Police Reform , David Ruffley , said : “ These figures suggest we are importing more foreign criminals and consequently spending already stretched police budgets on translations rather than on more frontline policing of our streets .
“ As the Chief Constable of Cambridgeshire said last year , migration into the UK has put even greater strain on already tight police force budgets . ”
But Hampshire Constabulary pointed out the figures related to the force ’s overall spending on interpretation – including help for witnesses and victims as well as suspects .
A spokesman said : “ We serve a number of different and diverse communities across Hampshire and the Isle of Wight and it ’s important that everyone living here feels they have the confidence to speak to us and report crime .
Translators and interpreters are a crucial part of the police service .
“ We use them to support anyone who comes into contact with the police and who may have difficulty communicating in English .
This includes the victims of crime , as well as witnesses and suspects . ”
The Government said it had made radical changes to the immigration system that included a new requirement for entrants to have an “ acceptable ” level of spoken English to reduce the need for interpreters in future .
A Home Office spokesman said : “ We are undergoing the biggest shake up of the immigration system and border security for over 45 years .
Under our new Australian - style points system , skilled workers wanting to come to the UK will also need to have an acceptable level of English .
“ In addition we are asking migrants to pay a little extra towards a fund of tens of millions of pounds to help services deal with the short term pressures of migration . ”
Perhaps , but I wondered whether in these cases , it might be nothing more profound than a quirk in the neurobiology of sex that made these patients feel awful .
Image Credit ... David Suter
Little is known about what happens in the brain during sex .
In 2005 , Dr. Gert Holstege at the University of Groningen in the Netherlands used positron emission tomography to scan the brains of men and women during orgasms .
He discovered , among other changes , a sharp decrease in activity in the amygdala , the brain region involved in processing fearful stimuli .
Aside from causing pleasure , sex clearly lowers fear and anxiety .
The anthropologist Helen E. Fisher , of Rutgers , used functional magnetic resonance imaging to look more broadly at the neural circuitry of romantic love .
She showed a group of young men and women who reported being passionately in love a photo of their beloved or a neutral person .
Subjects showed marked activation in the brain ’s dopamine reward circuit only in response to the beloved , similar to the brain ’s response to other rewards like money and food .
Could it be that some patients have particularly strong rebound activity in the amygdala after orgasm that makes them feel bad ?
The research literature is virtually silent on sex- induced depression , but a Google search revealed several Web sites and chat rooms for something called postcoital blues .
Who knew ?
There , I read many accounts nearly identical to those of my patients , with reports of various remedies for the malady .
When physicians run through the usual treatments to no avail or find themselves , as I did , in uncharted territory with little evidence as to what to do , they can consider so - called novel treatments .
Often , you design such a treatment based on your speculation about the underlying biology of the syndrome at hand .
This can involve using approved drugs in situations for which they are hardly ever prescribed .
How to build wealth with multi-unit properties .
Duplex ’s Triplex ’s and Quad’s
It starts out with getting a pre-approval .
Contact your mortgage rep and find out how much money you can borrow .
This is called a pre-approval .
Once you have been pre-approved you will know how much house you can afford .
If you can not get approved for a loan then now is not the time for you to be investing in real estate .
If you ARE approved for a loan , then congratulations you now have the tools to get started .
In my opinion , the safest and easiest way to build real estate wealth is by purchasing and LIVING IN multi-unit properties for as little cash down as possible .
You will be living in one unit of the house and renting out the other units .
These “ other ” units will be paying your mortgage for you , allowing you to build up equity without paying for it .
You will want to purchase duplex ’s , triplex ’s or quad’s .
These are obviously houses with 2 , 3 and 4 units in them respectively .
Once you have been pre-approved for a loan amount , tell you Realtor you want to look at these three types of properties within the loan amount that you have been pre-approved for .
The reason that you want to purchase houses from 2 - 4 units is because lenders will typically allow you to move into homes with up to 4 units for as little as a 3 % down payment .
Now of course lending rules are constantly changing but let me show you the basic math here .
Quadplex Example
Purchase price : 250,000
Down payment : - 7,500 ( 3 % )
Mortgage ( 5 % ) : -1,300 /m
Rents : ( 750 / m per unit ) 2,250 /m
Cash flow : +950 /m
That was a pretty basic example but it illustrates some very important principles .
It shows how for very little money down you can live in a house that is not only paying for itself but giving you a return every month .
Now of course there are expenses that have to be paid like insurance , taxes , mortgage insurance , utilities etc but you can see my point .
Instead of you shelling out your hard earned money to pay for your mortgage or rent , you are now being PAID to live in your home .
I would suggest taking the extra cash from rent and putting it into an account to be used for vacancies and home repairs .
Additionally , you should also take the extra rent and put it back into your house for repairs and upgrades .
This will let you raise rent and increase the resale value .
This is called “ forced appreciation “ .
Part 2
You are now living in your quadplex and you are not only saving a tremendous amount of money but maybe also making a little profit on your multi-family home .
A year has now gone by and you should have been saving up cash for your next house cause guess what ?
You are going to be buying your next multi-family property !
Go talk to you mortgage rep and get pre-approved for your next mortgage .
If you do n’t get approved then keep saving and try again later .
If you DO get approved then purchase and MOVE IN to your next multi and repeat the process .
Quad 1
Purchase Price : 250,000
mortgage and expenses : - 2,000
rents from 4 units ( 750 / unit : 3,000
Cash flow : + 1,000
Quad 2
mortgage and expenses : 2,000
rents from 3 units : 2,250
Cash flow : + 250
Quad 1&2
Combined Cash flow : +1,250
Combined home value : 500,000
Lets pretend you do n’t buy anymore properties and you hold these two homes for 5 years .
Lets also say that they do n’t appreciate or increase in value due to demand .
Five years later :
Quad 1
Equity built up : +25,162
Quad 2
Equity built up : +20,429
From just an equity standpoint , using 15,000 cash you built up $ 45,591 in equity in five years .
Not to mention the extra cash flow on top of that .
Now , lets say that your houses appreciated at a modest 3 % appreciation rate a year .
Those two properties would be worth $ 298,513 and $ 289,818 respectively .
That ’s $ 88,331 worth of appreciation .
Lets look at those numbers again .
Quad 1
purchased in 2009 at 250,000
Quad 2
purchased in 2010 at 250,000
2015 :
Total Equity built up : $ 45,591
Total Appreciation built up : $ 88,331
Total Profit : +133,922
Initial investment : -$ 15,000
So what exactly does that mean ?
It means you purchased 2 quads in five years that not only paid for themselves , but also gave you a profit of $ 133,922 on your initial investment of $ 15,000 .
That ’s is quite a nice return would n’t you agree ?
Of course it is easier said then done but just by going through this simple example you can see how you can easily built wealth with very little money .
Just think if you had kept purchasing multi-unit properties that paid for themselves your entire life ?
The return would be tremendous .
Of course to pull this off you would have to lean heavily on your team .
Your contractor would be needed to keep those properties is good shape and continuously improving them .
Your Realtor would have to be finding you the best deals and closing them .
Your mortgage rep would be busy finding ways for you to finance them and your lawyer would be busy keeping you out of trouble .
Once again I know this was a very basic example but knowing the fundamentals is half the battle .
All that ’s left is a commitment .
- Keith
Search for multi-unit homes on my site
www.BucksCountyMoves.com
Vom 09 . bis 11 . September 2016 findet die 3 ​ .
Python Unconference ​ Hamburg an der Technischen Universität Hamburg - Harburg ( TUHH ) statt .
Erwartet werden über 100 Python­ - User bzw .
Developer aus Hamburg und dem Rest der Welt .
Von " Greenhorns " bis zu " proven Experts " aus den Bereichen Mathematik , Data Science , System­ - Administration und DevOps bis hin zu Web­ - Development und Python­ - Core - ­Entwicklung werden alle nur erdenklichen Facetten der Python­ - Welt vertreten sein .
Wie in den letzten Jahren findet die Unconference am Samstag und Sonntag im Barcamp - Stil statt , mit Vorträgen und Diskussionen aus allen Bereichen der Python Welt .
Am Freitag gibt es wieder Raum für Sprints , Tutorials und Workshops .
Das aktuelle Freitags - Programm findet Ihr hier .
Tickets gibt es hier .
Mehr Informationen gibt es unter www.pyunconf.de.
Das nächste Treffen der Django - UserGroup Hamburg findet am Mittwoch , den 08.07.2015 um 19:30 statt .
Achtung : Neue Location !
Dieses Mal treffen wir uns in den Räumen der Smaato Inc. , Valentinskamp 70 , Emporio 19 .
Stock in 20355 Hamburg .
Auf diesem Treffen gibt es einen Vortrag über TDD für APIs von Michael Kuehne .
Bitte seid um ca. 19:20 unten im Foyer , wir fahren dann gemeinsam in den 19 .
Stock .
Wer später kommt , sagt bitte am Empfang bescheid , dass er zur Smaato Inc möchte und wird dann hoch gelassen .
Eingeladen ist wie immer jeder der Interesse hat sich mit anderen Djangonauten auszutauschen .
Eine Anmeldung ist nicht erforderlich , hilft aber bei der Planung .
Weitere Informationen über die UserGroup gibt es auf unserer Webseite www.dughh.de.
Die Organisation der Django - UserGroup Hamburg findet ab jetzt über Meetup statt .
Um automatisch über zukünftige Treffen informiert zu werden , werdet bitte Mitglied in unserer Meetup - Gruppe : http://www.meetup.com/django-hh
Vom 04 . bis 06 .
September 2015 findet die 2​ .
Python Unconference ​ Hamburg im Institut für organische Chemie der Universität Hamburg statt .
Erwartet werden weit über 200 Python­ - User bzw .
Developer aus Hamburg und dem Rest der Welt .
Von " Greenhorns " bis zu " proven Experts " aus den Bereichen Mathematik , Data Science , System­ - Administration und DevOps bis hin zu Web­ - Development und Python­ - Core - ­Entwicklung werden alle nur erdenklichen Facetten der Python­ - Welt vertreten sein .
Wie im letzten Jahr findet die Unconference am Samstag und Sonntag im Barcamp - Stil statt , mit Vorträgen und Diskussionen aus allen Bereichen der Python Welt .
Neu ist der Freitag : am Freitag gibt es Raum für Sprints , Tutorials und Workshops .
Aktuell gibt es noch Early Bird Tickets für 42 , - Euro .
Mehr Informationen gibt es unter www.pyunconf.de.
Am 29 . und 30 .
November 2014 veranstalten die Python Usergroup Hamburg und dem Fachschaftsrat Informatik der Uni Hamburg zusammen mit dem boot e.V. die 1 . Python Unconference Hamburg .
Eingeladen sind alle Python - Entwickler aus Wissenschaft und Technik , Finance , BigData , Machine Learning und Webentwicklung vom Anfänger bis zum alten Hasen !
Im Barcamp - Stil gibt es Vorträge und Diskussionen aus allen Bereichen der Python Welt .
In den Pausen werden nicht nur Speisen und Getränke sondern auch viele Gelegenheiten zum direkten persönlichen Austausch geboten .
Bis zum 15.10 .
gibt es noch Early Bird Tickets für 35 , - Euro .
Mehr Informationen ...
Das nächste Treffen der Django - UserGroup Hamburg findet am Mittwoch , den 12.03.2014 um 19:30 statt .
Achtung : Neue Location !
Dieses Mal treffen wir uns in den Räumen der Familonet GmbH in der Sternstrasse 97 in 20357 Hamburg .
Für dieses Treffen ist ein Vortrag über Anpassungen im Django Admin geplant .
Es werden Anpassungen gezeigt und erklärt , die über die dokumentierten Optionen hinausgehen .
Ein weiterer Vortrag wird das Tool dh_virtualenv vorstellen , mit dem virtualenvs für ein einfaches Deployment als Debian Pakete gepackt werden können .
Bei Interesse kann ich außerdem ein wenig über erste Erfahrungen ...
Das nächste Treffen der Django - UserGroup Hamburg findet am Mittwoch , den 08.05.2013 um 19:30 statt .
Dieses
Mal treffen wir uns wieder in den Räumen der intosite GmbH im Poßmoorweg 1 ( 3.OG ) in 22301 Hamburg .
Die Organisation der Django - UserGroup Hamburg findet ab jetzt über Meetup statt .
Um automatisch über zukünftige Treffen informiert zu werden , werdet bitte Mitglied in unserer Meetup - Gruppe : http://www.meetup.com/django-hh
Da wir in den Räumlichkeiten einen Beamer zur Verfügung haben hat jeder Teilnehmer die Möglichkeit einen kurzen Vortrag ( Format : Lightning Talks oder etwas länger ) zu halten ...
Investors are ringing in the new year by taking on more risk even though the economic outlook remains grim .
From junk bonds to currencies , mortgages , stocks and commodities , the markets that were most battered in the second half of 2008 are staging rebounds , sometimes of 10 % and more from their low points .
The breather comes as the U.S. government ...
See that ?
That 's what could be on your netbook later this year .
Out of nowhere , one Tariq Krim has crafted the Jolicloud operating system , which is an OS designed specifically for those miniaturized laptops that rely on underpowered CPUs and less RAM than any PC should be booted up with .
In essence , Jolicloud is a modified flavor of Linux that promises faster boot times than other alternatives , and judging by the shot above , it 's pretty heavily reliant on icon - based navigation .
Hit the read link to keep tabs on its release date .
[ Via Engadget German :
Keep fresh with our most recent Jolicloud coverage right here
PARIS , MAINE – Arguing that he uses marijuana for religious reasons , a 48 - year - old Mexico man has filed suit against the state and two law enforcement agencies , charging violation of his constitutional rights .
Norman Hutchinson filed the complaint against the state of Maine , the Maine Drug Enforcement Agency and the Mexico Police Department last week in Oxford County Superior Court .
Hutchinson stated he is a member of the Religion of Jesus Church , which mandates the use of cannabis based on 12 tenets .
These include the belief that cannabis “ increases ability to feel the presence of God , ” helps conquer addiction to tobacco and alcohol , creates peace and “ is a good thought - stimulating neuro - hormone , ” according to the Religion of Jesus Church Web site .
“ Sacramental cannabis helps one find and feel that God within , ” Hutchinson said in the lawsuit .
“ Sacramental use of cannabis generally stimulates thought , evokes questions and nourishes sacred feelings . ”
Hutchinson charges the agencies with violating his right to free exercise of his religion under the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution and Section 3 of the Maine Constitution ; violating the Freedom of Religion Restoration Act of 1993 ; violating his civil rights under the U.S. Code , false imprisonment , trespass , invasion of privacy and negligent and intentional infliction of emotional distress .
Hutchinson was indicted in November 2004 and charged with aggravated marijuana cultivation and the criminal forfeiture of an ATV alleged to have been used in the cultivation .
According to an affidavit by MDEA agent Tony Milligan , the Dixfield Police Department informed the agency that they had found a person with Hutchinson ’s ATV tending marijuana plants off Route 2 in Dixfield in August 2004 .
The individual said Hutchinson employed him to grow marijuana and also grew and sold marijuana out of his home .
A search of Hutchinson ’s home at 21 Granite St. found 55 marijuana plants , processed marijuana , grow lights and other equipment .
All were seized .
After the indictment , defense attorney William Cote filed a motion to dismiss the case , arguing that “ cultivation and use of marijuana is the manner and season of worshipping God according to the dictates of ( Hutchinson ’s ) conscience . ”
Cote later sought to allow the introduction of certain passages from the King James Bible at trial and to include additional instruction to the jury .
In September 2005 , Hutchinson pleaded guilty to an amended charge of marijuana cultivation and forfeited the ATV to the Dixfield Police Department .
He was sentenced to serve 60 days of a 364 - day sentence and one year of probation , during which he was to attend substance abuse counseling and not use illegal drugs .
Hutchinson was later ordered to serve an additional 120 days on a probation violation charging further marijuana cultivation .
In court motions following his conviction , Hutchinson unsuccessfully sought through Oxford County Superior Court and the Maine Supreme Judicial Court to amend the probation conditions to allow him to use marijuana .
He also asked that his ATV be returned , saying he had loaned it to a friend for use in collecting firewood , but the forfeiture was also upheld .
– Article from the Sun Journal on January 24 .
BETTMANN / CORBIS
For roughly two decades , the new science of behavioral economics has been challenging what economists call “ rational choice theory . ”
Rational choice theory described that primate species called Homo economicus — Economic Man — as rational , profit - maximizing , and efficient in making choices .
When faced with a decision , the theory held , we carefully consider the value of an outcome and make a rational decision about the most efficient course to take to maximize the utility , or profit , of that outcome .
But research in behavioral economics has revealed that many , if not most , of our economic choices are driven not by rational calculations but by deep and unconscious emotions that evolved over the eons .
Among these irrational emotions is “ risk aversion , ” a psychological effect that is actually part of the reason that financial markets work so well .
People are more averse to risk than traditional economics would dictate , and that restraint helps keep most speculative market behavior in check .
As everyone knows by now , many of our major financial institutions were n’t nearly averse enough to risk over the last decade and a half .
In seeking quick and carefree profits , along with trying to appease politicians pushing for wider homeownership , they tossed all restraint out the window , with devastating economic consequences .
How did this happen , and how can we keep it from happening again ?
Imagine that I give you $ 100 and a choice between ( A ) a guaranteed gain of $ 50 and ( B ) a coin flip , in which heads gets you another $ 100 and tails gets you nothing .
Do you want A or B ?
Now imagine that I give you $ 200 and a choice between ( A ) a guaranteed loss of $ 50 and ( B ) a coin flip , in which heads loses you $ 100 and tails loses you nothing .
Do you want A or B ?
The final outcome for A in each scenario is the same ( winding up with $ 150 ) ; so is the final outcome for B ( an even chance of winding up with $ 100 or $ 200 ) .
So rationally , whether you are in the first scenario or the second , you should make the same decision , which is what rational choice theory predicts .
But behavioral economists have discovered that most people choose A in the first scenario ( a sure gain of $ 50 ) and B in the second ( avoiding a sure loss of $ 50 ) .
Even though there is no rational difference between having $ 100 and a sure gain of $ 50 , and having $ 200 and a sure loss of $ 50 , there is an emotional difference .
That emotion is risk aversion , and thousands of experiments have demonstrated precisely how averse to risk we are : on average , most people will reject the prospect of a 50/50 probability of gaining or losing money unless the amount to be gained is at least double the amount to be lost .
Losses , it turns out , hurt twice as much as gains feel good , and it is our emotions — not our reason — driving our risk - taking decisions .
All other things being equal , only when the potential payoff is more than double the potential loss will most of us take the investment gamble .
So deep and powerful an economic emotion is this aversion that it may be an evolved trait .
Food is probably at the root of it .
Before human beings domesticated plants and animals , our nomadic ancestors had to hunt and forage to survive , and food was so scarce that hoarding was necessary for survival .
Those individuals who valued food the most were more likely to survive and thus pass on their genes for hoarding behavior — and its corresponding emotion of valuing highly what is hoarded , whether food or something else .
Though risk aversion and its attendant fear of loss seem irrational by traditional economic standards — we tend to think of emotion as antithetical to reason — when allowed to operate , they ’re an important reason that financial markets usually work so well .
Interfering with them can wreak havoc .
Though the financial crisis is complex and has many explanations , one of its primary causes involves Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , the nation ’s largest guarantors of home mortgages .
Recall that Fannie and Freddie are government - run organizations that do not make loans directly to customers ; rather , they buy loans from the banks that make those loans directly .
In spring 1999 , Fannie and Freddie — under pressure from the Clinton administration — increased their portfolio of loans to lower - and moderate - income borrowers from 44 percent to 50 percent by 2001 .
That meant granting loans to higher - risk customers .
Now , there ’s nothing wrong with corporations ’ and institutions ’ taking higher risks , so long as they adjust for it by charging more .
The higher price acts as a risk signal to both buyers and sellers , thereby dialing up their emotion of risk aversion .
That ’s what Fannie Mae was already doing , in fact : when it purchased loans that banks made to high - risk customers , it bought only those that charged 3 to 4 percentage points higher than conventional loans .
But under the new program , Fannie would buy high - risk mortgages that were only 1 point above a conventional 30 - year fixed - rate mortgage ( and that added point would be dropped after two years of steady payments ) .
In other words , the normal risk signal sent to high - risk customers — you can have the loan , but it ’s going to cost you a lot more — was removed .
And risk aversion can’t operate , of course , without a risk signal .
Lower the risk signal and you lower risk aversion .
The result helped give us today ’s financial crisis .
Similarly , the $ 700 billion economic - recovery package will only make matters worse because it , too , will short - circuit our normal aversion to risk .
The package signals to the marketplace that if the system fails , the government will bail it out .
Clearly , there ’s no need to be risk - averse when Uncle Sam will cover your losses .
An appropriate analogy is the world of sports , in which athletes do their best to win games within the rules established by each sport ’s governing organization .
Ordinarily , the rules against cheating reinforce the instinctive risk aversion of athletes , who do n’t want to take the chance of being caught .
But when sports ’ governing bodies either relax the rules or fail to enforce them — think of steroids in baseball or doping in cycling — it signals to athletes that there is little risk in pushing the boundaries of the sport .
Diluting their risk aversion encourages some to game the system , and once the top competitors do it to get a slight edge over their immediate competition , everyone else has to do it just to compete .
The result is a catastrophic collapse in the sport ’s integrity .
Similarly , when the government intervenes in the natural dynamics of the marketplace by , say , encouraging corporations to relax the rules of financial transactions , and then signals to them that if the system fails it will bail them out , it tells market players that they face little risk in pushing the boundaries of the market .
Lowering financial risk aversion encourages boundary - pushing , and once the top corporations do it , everyone else has to do it just to compete .
The purpose of capitalism , we unfortunately need to recall , is to make a profit .
Low risk - taking typically results in slow and steady profits , whereas high risk - taking can produce both high profits and steep losses .
By entering the business of risk protection , the government has reconfigured the economic game : in profits , we ’re capitalists ; in losses , we ’re socialists .
Let ’s be brutally honest .
The CEOs , CFOs , and COOs of the Wall Street financial giants who signed up for our new corporate welfare program are now welfare queens .
They ’re on the dole .
In an ideal world , they would all be put on a very public welfare - to - work program — as in the welfare - reform movement of the 1990s — that tethered salaries directly to the amount of money paid back , with interest , to the people who earned the money in the first place : taxpayers .
The corporate leaders could even appear on a new Fortune 500 list , ranked by how much of our money they had returned .
What would help ameliorate future financial crises ?
The government should not be in the business of hiding real risks through political imperatives , or of insulating corporations from the risks that they have freely taken .
Doing so confounds the normal risk signals that keep the market in balance .
For risk aversion to keep markets working , people and corporations have to be allowed to assess real risks and to fail if they take inappropriate risks .
Only the people who produce wealth can properly assess how best to risk it in future investments .
The Warren Buffetts of the world can do that .
The Ben Bernankes cannot .
( NaturalNews )
A report by the Florida Medical Examiners Commission has concluded that prescription drugs have outstripped illegal drugs as a cause of death .
An analysis of 168,900 autopsies conducted in Florida in 2007 found that three times as many people were killed by legal drugs as by cocaine , heroin and all methamphetamines put together .
According to state law enforcement officials , this is a sign of a burgeoning prescription drug abuse problem .
" The abuse has reached epidemic proportions , " said Lisa McElhaney , a sergeant in the pharmaceutical drug diversion unit of the Broward County Sheriff 's Office .
" It 's just explosive .
" In 2007 , cocaine was responsible for 843 deaths , heroin for 121 , methamphetamines for 25 and marijuana for zero , for a total of 989 deaths .
In contrast , 2,328 people were killed by opioid painkillers , including Vicodin and Oxycontin , and 743 were killed by drugs containing benzodiazepine , including the depressants Valium and Xanax .
Alcohol directly caused 466 deaths , but was found in the bodies of 4,179 cadavers in all .
While the number of dead bodies containing heroin jumped 14 percent from the prior year , to a total of 110 , the number of deaths influenced by the painkiller oxycodone increased by 36 percent , to a total of 1,253 .
Across the country , prescription drugs have become an increasingly popular alternative to the more difficult to acquire illegal drugs .
Even as illegal drug use among teenagers have fallen , prescription drug abuse has increased .
For example , while 4 percent of U.S. 12th graders were using Oxycontin in 2002 , by 2005 that number had increased to 5.5 percent .
It 's not hard for teens to come by prescription drugs , according to Sgt. Tracy Busby , supervisor of the Calaveras County , Calif. , Sheriff 's Office narcotics unit .
"
You go to every medicine cabinet in the county , and I bet you 're going to find some sort of prescription medicine in 95 percent of them , " he said .
Adults can acquire prescriptions by faking injuries , or by visiting multiple doctors and pharmacies for the same health complaint .
Some people get more drugs than they expect to need , then sell the extras .
"
You have health care providers involved , you have doctor shoppers , and then there are crimes like robbing drug shipments , " said Jeff Beasley of the Florida Department of Law Enforcement .
" There is a multitude of ways to get these drugs , and that 's what makes things complicated .
" And while some people may believe that the medicines ' legality makes them less dangerous than illegal drugs , Tuolumne County , Calif. , Sheriff 's Office Deputy Dan Crow warns that this is not the case .
Because everybody reacts differently to foreign chemicals , there is no way of predicting the exact response anyone will have to a given dosage .
That is why prescription drugs are supposed to be taken under a doctor 's supervision .
" All this stuff is poison , " Crow said .
" Your body will fight all of this stuff .
" Tuolumne County Health Officer Todd Stolp agreed .
A prescription drug taken recreationally is " much like a firearm in the hands of someone who 's not trained to use them , " he said .
While anyone taking a prescription medicine runs a risk of negative effects , the drugs are even more dangerous when abused .
For example , many painkillers are designed to have a delayed effect that fades out over time .
This can lead recreational users to take more drugs before the old ones are out of their system , placing them at risk of an overdose .
Likewise , the common practice of grinding pills up causes a large dose of drugs to hit the body all at once , with potentially dangerous consequences .
" A medication that was meant to be distributed over 24 hours has immediate effect , " Stolp said .
Even more dangerous is the trend of mixing drugs with alcohol , which , like most popularly abused drugs , is a depressant .
"
In the case of alcohol and drugs , one plus one equals more than two , " said Tuolumne County Sheriff 's Office spokesperson Lt. Dan Bressler .
Florida pays careful attention to drug - related deaths , and as such has significantly better data on the problem than any other state .
But a recent study conducted by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency ( DEA ) suggests that the problem is indeed national .
According to the DEA , the number of people abusing prescription drugs in the United States has jumped 80 percent in six years to seven million , or more than those abusing cocaine , Ecstasy , heroin , hallucinogens an inhalants put together .
Not surprisingly , there has been a corresponding increase in deaths .
According to the Drug Abuse Warning Network , the number of emergency room visits related to painkillers has increased by 153 percent since 1995 .
And a 2007 report by the Justice Department National Intelligence Drug Center found that deaths related to the opioid methadone jumped from 786 in 1999 to 3,849 in 2004 - an increase of 390 percent .
Many experts attribute the trend to the increasing popularity among doctors of prescribing painkillers , combined with a leap in direct - to - consumer marketing by drug companies .
For example , promotional spending on Oxycontin increased threefold between 1996 and 2001 , to $ 30 million per year .
Sonora , Calif. , pharmacist Eddie Howard reports that he 's seen painkiller prescriptions jump dramatically in the last five years .
" I do n't know that there is that much pain out there to demand such an increase , " he said .
The trend concerns Howard , and he tries to keep an eye out for patients who are coming in too frequently .
But he admits that there is little he can do about the problem .
" When you have a lot of people waiting for prescriptions , it 's hard to find time to play detective , " he said .
Still , the situation makes Howard uncomfortable .
" It almost makes me a legalized drug dealer , and that 's not a good position to be in , " he said .
Sources for this story include : www.nytimes.com;
Editor 's Note : A nationally syndicated columnist and Chicago - based radio host , Roland Martin has said he will vote for Barack Obama in November .
He is the author of " Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith " and " Speak , Brother !
A Black Man's View of America . "
Visit his Web site for more information .
Roland Martin says blasting one person 's associations can boomerang .
( CNN ) -- During the Democratic primaries , I wrote a column for CNN.com about how easy it is for any candidate to tar and feather another about their associations with less - than - acceptable figures .
Sen. Hillary Clinton tried to blast Sen. Barack Obama for unsolicited comments made by Nation of Islam leader Minister Louis Farrakhan , and folks like Fox News ' Sean Hannity were happy to run with it , saying it was evidence that the junior senator from Illinois was unfit to be president .
But critics like Hannity never bothered to raise the issue of former Republican vice - presidential candidate Jack Kemp praising Farrakhan for his focus on self - help .
Not only that , nearly everyone in the media was afraid to bring up the fact that Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell had high praise for Farrakhan when Rendell was mayor of Philadelphia , even as the Muslim leader sat just 20 feet away !
Again , blasting one person 's associations can come back to bite you .
We now see Gov. Sarah Palin and the McCain campaign trying to stir the pot by invoking William Ayers , a 1960s radical who was a major figure in the Weather Underground , a group that bombed the Pentagon and committed other unspeakable acts of terrorism against their own country .
Palin has been hammering home the point on the campaign trail that Obama and Ayers were friends , " palling around " the Windy City , even though the Weather Underground committed these crimes when Obama was just a child .
And never mind the fact that Ayers and Obama were involved in a multimillion - dollar education grant that was funded by a right - wing Republican , media magnate Walter Annenberg .
Do you hear any of them castigating this late Republican pillar ?
The McCain camp , along with their right - wing media comrades , want to convince you that Obama should not have decided to serve with Ayers , who was named the Citizen of the Year in Chicago in 1987 for his education work , and who is a professor at the University of Illinois at Chicago .
Now , if someone was seen as an acceptable figure by business , political and education figures , many of whom support both Democrats and Republicans , should Obama be faulted for sitting on a board with the guy ?
So , let 's use that same logic and apply it to McCain .
Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. , a Democrat from Chicago who serves as one of the national co-chairs for Obama , told me on The Tom Joyner Morning
Show that if we are to use the association tag as evidence of a candidate being unfit for president , what about McCain serving and working alongside people with virulent bigoted pasts like Sens.
Jesse Helms , Strom Thurmond and Robert Byrd ?
Do we have evidence that these individuals committed specific acts against African - Americans during Jim Crow ?
No .
But we do know that their hateful words , and willingness to uphold laws that were absolutely anti-American , did not represent the best of this nation .
Thurmond ran for president as a Dixiecrat in 1948 with a platform of maintaining segregation .
Based on Helms ' policies , he did n't see blacks as full Americans .
Bombing the Pentagon is horrible and indefensible .
But declaring yourself a patriot while you speak such hateful and venomous words against your own countrymen , who just happen to be black , and then trying to oppress them , is just as indefensible .
So , did McCain work with them ?
Did he not speak with them ?
Should McCain have declared that he would not work alongside these men because of their past ?
Should the self - described maverick who believes in integrity and character have taken the honorable stance of resigning from the Senate to protest these hateful characters serving in the U.S. Senate ?
No .
And this is why this association argument is so weak and impotent .
For goodness ' sakes , Byrd was once a member of the Ku Klux Klan , a domestic terrorist organization !
Now , if Ayers was involved in these despicable acts today -- or Byrd and his late Senate colleagues -- then it is fair game .
But no candidate should have to be held responsible for the actions of someone else that took place years ago .
I fundamentally believe that this is nothing but a smokescreen and effort to ignore the real issues we face .
Nobody should care about any of this when they are losing their jobs and having their homes foreclosed and finding themselves unable to afford to send their kids to college and to get access to health care .
What I find to be more deplorable is to hear McCain advisers say they want to turn the page to anything but the issue number one -- the economy .
If that kind of talk is coming from the camp of a guy who wants to be president , then that is something to be afraid of -- not a candidate 's association with Ayers , or Thurmond , Helms or Byrd .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .
All About Barack Obama • John McCain • Sarah Palin
JAKARTA , Indonesia ( CNN ) --
A major earthquake struck Sunday near the north coast of West Papua , Indonesia , killing at least two people and injuring 35 , government officials said .
The magnitude 7.6 quake occurred at about 4:43 a.m. ( 2:43 p.m. Saturday ET ) , about 95 miles ( 150 km ) west - northwest of Manokwari , Indonesia , and about 105 miles ( 170 km ) east - northeast of Sorong -- two cities in the Indonesian province of West Papua .
Dozens of houses were damaged , with four buildings collapsing , according to a spokesman for the National Disaster Coordinating Agency .
Dozens of military personnel were called up for rescue operations , Untung said .
A military official in Manokwari said nobody was trapped under the rubble after rescuers sifted through the area .
The quake was centered at a depth of 21.7 miles ( 35 km ) .
A tsunami warning was initially issued but lifted within an hour of the quake .
CNN 's Kathy Quiano contributed to this report .
All About Earthquakes • Indonesia
When most of us think of Santa , we envision Coca - Cola 's jolly old elf .
But some Santas are more naughty than nice .
We list some of the most evil scifi Clauses to stalk the Christmas skies .
Advertisement
Santron ( The Avengers “ Yes , Virginia , There is a Santron ” ) : Virginia Hanlon was one of those kids who never got over the fact that Santa is n’t real .
So as an adult , she builds Santron out of parts from Ultron - 6 .
But Santron has some residual superhero - hating memory and decides to attack the Avengers .
His only weakness ?
Holiday cookies .
Advertisement
Multiple Santa ( The Tick “ The Tick Loves Santa ! ” ) :
Around the holidays , a thief dresses as Santa to elude the police .
A run-in with a neon sign transforms him into Multiple Santa , giving him the ability to endlessly duplicate himself .
The ever thick - skulled Tick naturally thinks the villain is the real Santa and finds himself powerless to stop him .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Robot Santa ( Futurama “ Xmas Story ” ) : Mom ’s Friendly Company built a robot Santa to judge the people of Earth and dole out presents to the nice and punishments to the naughty .
But Santa ’s standards proved too high and he judges everyone ( save Dr. Zoidberg ) as naughty , forcing people to board up their houses on Christmas Eve to escape his wrath .
In a later episode , Bender takes up the Santa mantle with homicidal relish .
Boomer Katz ( Batman “ Wanted : Santa Claus – Dead or Alive ” ) : Boomer Katz is a two - bit thief who takes a job as a department store Santa so he can rob the store .
But in the spirit of the season , he has a change of heart , and Batman has to save him from the mob .
Advertisement
Brainstorm ( Top 10 ) :
In a city where everyone has superpowers , a psychokinetic name William “ Brainstorm ” Bernhardt escapes from a psychiatric facility .
Thinking he ’s Santa Claus , he uses his ability to make reindeer fly ( frightening one of them to death ) and , with a small army of children , deems people he encounters naughty or nice .
A ruling of “ naughty ” usually ends in property damage .
Advertisement
Cyber - Claus ( “ Cyber - Claus ” by William Gibson ) : On Christmas Eve , a small invading force is detected closing in on DC .
The sensors detect one biped and eight tiny quadrapeds .
But before the defense forces can learn more , the heavyset invader is already slipping down the chimney .
Advertisement
User Santa ( ReBoot “ Firewall ” ) :
Whenever the User wins a game played in Mainframe , a chunk of the city is destroyed .
In one game , the User plays Santa Claus , and Enzo and AnrAIa , playing as Snowmen , must defeat him to protect Mainframe .
Demon Santa ( Buffy the Vampire Slayer ) : The Scooby Gang never actually encounters Santa , which is probably all for the best .
Ex-demon Anya mentions in passing that Santa is not only real , he ’s a fearsome demon who comes down the chimney to disembowel children .
But at least he ’s got reindeer .
Advertisement
Robot Santas ( Doctor Who “ The Christmas Invasion ” and “ The Runaway Bride ” ) : Christmas invasions are practically routine in Doctor Who ’s London .
Robot Santas herald the coming of the Sycorax , hunting down the weakened Doctor to clear the path for invasion .
The following Christmas , they are employed by the Empress of the Racnoss and , in addition to trying to thwart the Doctor , rig a Christmas tree with deadly , deadly ornaments .
Advertisement
Post - Apocalyptic Santa ( Woops !
“ Say It Ain’t So Santa ” ) : Santa proves to be one of the few survivors of a nuclear holocaust that wipes out most of humanity .
The six survivors of Woops find Santa in their chimney , but he ’s horribly depressed .
It turns out that he had locked himself in his bomb shelter , and when he realized Mrs. Claus and the elves were still outside , his instinct for self - preservation seemed to outweigh his desire to save them ( although apparently he did n’t really understand how to work the door ) .
Advertisement
Jack Skellington ( The Nightmare Before Christmas : The King of Halloweentown also does n't fit the bill of actual evil , but he does tend to be pathologically self - absorbed .
Jack is a well - meaning , kind - hearted soul , but kidnapping Santa to resolve his identity crisis was n't his moral high point .
Advertisement
Santa Doom ( What The — ?!
“ I ’ll Be Doom For Christmas ” ) : When Santa Claus lands on Castle Doom , he is injured by Doom ’s defenses and has to take the night off .
He implores Victor Von Doom to take his place , giving the supervillain an unlikely costume change .
Advertisement
Santa Zim ( Invader Zim “ The Most Horrible X - Mas Ever ) : Learning how much humans love Santa Claus , Zim puts on a Santa suit in his latest effort to conquer the Earth .
He successfully takes over , but the suit takes over Zim ’s personality , effectively turning him into Santa Claus .
After Dib successfully separates Zim from the suit , he hurls it into space , where it transforms into a Santa monster and returns every year to attack the Earth .
Gun-Wielding Santa ( “ Lobo ’s Paramilitary Christmas Special ” ) : The Easter Bunny , sick of Christmas overshadowing the other holidays , hires interstellar bounty hunter Lobo to take out Kris Kringle .
And when Lobo reaches the North Pole , he finds that Santa is no less violent .
The VHS format has finally died .
Even though most of us probably thought it was already long gone , its death certificate was signed when Distribution Video Audio of Palm Harbor , Florida -- the last major supplier of VHS tapes -- shipped the last of its saleable stock .
Distribution Video Audio made $ 20 million per year selling tons of tapes for cheap , but now the business has vanished .
Leftover stock will either be given or thrown away -- perhaps even meeting a landfill fate just like those millions of copies of Atari's ET videogame .
VHS stuck around for more than twenty years and may be the longest running survivor of any format war .
Even the DVD format may not last as long , says Ryan Kugler , the president of Distribution Video Audio : " The DVD will be obsolete in three or four years , no doubt about it .
Everything will be Blu-ray . "
Depending on who you ask , though , three or four years may be a bit premature -- Blu-ray still has a long road ahead .
The end of the VHS era may be sad , but all tech eventually goes obsolete .
Look at the floppy disk and its desperate struggle for relevance after the emergence of CDs .
Look at the CRT monitors choking the shelves of Salvation Army stores and plugging landfills .
You can't help but wonder what be the next to go .
DVDs ?
CDs ?
MP3 players ?
Non -touch screen monitors and laptops ?
This story , " RIP , VHS " was originally published by PCWorld .
Old - growth forests in the Western United States appear to be losing ground to the regional effects of global warming .
That ’s the conclusion a team of federal and university - based forest ecologists have reached after looking at long - term trends in patches of relatively pristine old - growth forests .
The study sites range from northern Arizona and north central Colorado to the Olympic Peninsula and southern British Columbia .
Over the past 50 years , trees large and small in these tracts – largely untouched by wildfires or beetle infestations – have been dying at an increasing rate .
And the rate at which they are being replaced has not changed .
If the trend continues , researchers say , forest age , average tree size , and carbon - storing capacity of these areas will gradually fall .
After examining a range of possible causes for the region - wide pattern , the last ones standing are the West ’s warming trend and warming ’s effect on the amount of water these areas receive .
Summer dry spells are longer .
Snows melt earlier .
More winter precipitation falls as rain , rather than snow , and the snow that falls has a lower water content than it once did .
More trees are dying
“ Tree death rates have more than doubled in old - growth forests across the western United States ” during the study period , says Phillip van Mantgem , an ecologist with the US Geological Survey ’s Western Ecological Research Center in Three Rivers , Calif .
The rising mortality rates spanned a range of elevations , species , and tree sizes , he continues .
“ If these trends continue , forests will grow sparser over time , ” says Dr. van Mantgem .
And while he acknowledges that the results come from a relatively limited number of one - to two - acre plots , “ our results imply that these trends could be occurring on a much broader scale . ”
The team looked at data from 76 undisturbed patches of forest averaging some 450 years old .
Some tracts were more than 1,000 years old .
The study represents the most exhaustive yet for this geographic range of temperate forests , notes Andrew Sugden , a botanist and international managing editor for the journal Science , which published the results in Friday ’s issue .
Until now , many forest studies have looked at the role wildfires and beetle infestations have had on western forests .
Others have looked at the way species are beginning to move to higher elevations .
Each of these is related to warming .
But as devastating as they are , beetle infestations and wildfires are episodic catastrophic events .
Despite the high profile they get , most forests appear for now to be relatively healthy , the team notes .
And species migration would appear to allow for the species ’ continued survival , as long as they do n’t run out of higher elevations to reach .
The long - term trends in this study , however , suggest that warming is affecting the underlying demographics of the tracts the research team studied .
The results run counter to trends seen in the tropics .
In undisturbed tracts there , tree mortality and replacement both are increasing .
The study adds to a growing body of research that suggests any country with extensive forests – whether tropical , temperate , or boreal – may deserve a place at the table when global climate talks discuss “ avoided deforestation ” as a tool for reducing greenhouse - gas emissions .
So far , the approach has been seen largely as a way to encourage developing countries with extensive tropical forests to take part in a new global climate treaty .
But last September , an international team of scientists led by Sebastiaan Luyssaert at the University of Antwerp in Belgium , published a study showing that globally , old - growth forests outside the tropics actively soak up and store carbon dioxide from the atmosphere far longer than previous estimates had indicated .
[ Editor 's note :
The original version misstated the location of the University of Antwerp . ]
Indeed , for many of the tree species in the latest study , the likelihood that a tree will survive for another year increases , rather than decreases , with time , notes Jerry Franklin , a forest ecologist at the University of Washington in Seattle .
“ One of the things that absolutely should be on the table in any global carbon agreement is the notion of avoided carbon releases , ” Dr. Franklin says .
“ Old forests have very large accumulations of carbon in them . ”
If these forests are felled , it will lead to significant carbon emissions over the short and medium terms – emissions that ca n’t be recouped by turning the wood into lumber or by planting replacement trees , he says .
Housing development could be affected
If the trends continue , they have implications for the region ’s efforts to adapt to climate change , adds Thomas Veblen , a biogeographer at the University of Colorado at Boulder .
Particularly when the underlying die - off is accelerated by insect infestations , wildfire managers will have to rethink their strategies for reducing wildfire risks , including current policies that encourage people to build large housing developments in wildfire - prone areas .
In addition , the changes are making wildlife conservation efforts more difficult to plan .
Often , conservationists set a target by learning what an area was like in the distant past , then they try to re-create that , says Nathan Stephenson , also with the USGS research center in Three Rivers , Calif .
“ As climate changes and other environmental changes happen , the past may no longer be the best model for the future .
We may switch from trying to keep a snapshot of the past to efforts to help guide things into the future while sustaining old forests . ”
For Franklin , even that may be too gentle .
“ So much of conservation is focused on going back or keeping it as it is , ” he says .
Faced with a warming climate , “ you ca n’t go home . ”
Donations to an emergency fund for Gaza doubled overnight after three TV channels broadcast an appeal that the BBC and Sky News have refused to show .
Members of the public have now pledged over £ 1 million to help tackle the humanitarian crisis in the Gaza Strip , the Disasters Emergency Committee ( DEC ) said .
Terrestrial broadcasters ITV , Channel 4 and Five showed the DEC 's televised appeal for donations last night .
More than 100 MPs from all parties have signed an early day motion criticising the decision taken by BBC and Sky News not to air the three - minute film .
Demonstrators last night staged protests at the BBC's Broadcasting House in central London , burning their TV licences and occupying the building 's reception until they were removed by police .
The DEC , an umbrella organisation for 13 humanitarian aid agencies , said today it was " delighted " with the response to its appeal .
DEC chief executive Brendan Gormley said : " We really do appreciate the support of the British public who have shown their generosity when confronted with scenes of a dire humanitarian emergency .
" Their donations will improve the lives of so many civilians caught up in a conflict that was not of their making .
" But there are many more people who need our help .
I urge anyone who has not yet donated to give what they can afford .
" All the money raised will go directly to helping the innocent families in Gaza who have been left without basic everyday necessities that we take for granted such as food , shelter and healthcare . "
Richard Burden , the Labour MP who tabled the early day motion , criticised the arguments put forward by BBC managers to explain their decision as " unconvincing and contradictory " .
" Viewers and listeners can see the difference between a humanitarian appeal and politics - even if the BBC and Sky management cannot , " he said .
" BBC and Sky bosses have the power to make the editorial decisions they want .
The rest of us have the right to say they are wrong . "
BBC director general Mark Thompson said the decision not to broadcast the appeal was " absolutely " in line with the corporation 's broader approach to impartiality and appeals .
" We are passionate about defending the BBC 's impartiality and we worry with such an emotive and such a political story , " he told BBC Breakfast .
John Ryley , head of Sky News , said " absolute impartiality " was fundamental to his channel 's approach .
He said : " That is why , after very careful consideration , we have concluded that broadcasting an appeal for Gaza at this time is incompatible with our role in providing balanced and objective reporting of this continuing situation to our audiences in the UK and around the world . "
The DEC insists it is acting solely to relieve humanitarian need and is non-political in its aims .
It says there is an urgent need for funds to help ease the desperate plight of people affected by the conflict in the densely - populated coastal enclave , which killed more than 1,300 Palestinians .
Israel launched military action against Hamas , the Islamic group that controls Gaza , on December 27 and only halted the attacks 22 days later .
There were fresh protests over the situation in Gaza today .
Peace campaigner Maria Gallastegui , 50 , vowed to continue her 16 - day hunger strike indefinitely as she delivered a petition to Downing Street this morning .
She said she was disappointed at the BBC and Sky News 's refusal to broadcast the DEC 's emergency appeal .
" Impartiality is a nice cop-out .
How can we be impartial when people are suffering and dying ?
It 's a luxury we can't afford , " she said .
Belfast Telegraph
Ted Stevens was convicted on seven felony counts , and may face Senate expulsion .
McConnell calls on Stevens to resign
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell is calling on Ted Stevens to resign from the Senate – and warning that the longest - serving Republican senator in history will face certain expulsion if he does n’t leave on his own first .
McConnell , locked in a tough reelection fight in Kentucky , did not call for Stevens ’ resignation in his initial statement on the Alaskan ’s conviction on seven federal felonies Monday .
Advertisement
But Republican Sens. John McCain , Norm Coleman , Jim DeMint , John Sununu and Gordon Smith and Democrat Barack Obama all called on Stevens to resign Tuesday .
And by the time a reporter from the Lexington Herald - Leader put the question to him at a campaign stop Elizabethtown , Ky. , Tuesday night , McConnell was ready to say that Stevens must go , too .
" I think he should resign immediately , " McConnell said .
" If he did not do that ... there is a 100 percent certainty that he would be expelled from the Senate . ”
McConnell 's call – not to mention his threat — represents a serious blow to Stevens ’s political standing , both for next week 's election and beyond if Stevens somehow defeats his Democratic opponent , Anchorage Mayor Mark Begich .
With McConnell , a former chairman of the Senate Ethics Committee , publicly calling for him to leave office , Stevens cannot make the argument that GOP leaders back him or are willing to wait for his likely appeal to go forward .
And McConnell 's statement may force other top Senate Republicans , or even the White House , to join the chorus demanding his ouster .
While the Senate can expel Stevens , senators are clearly hoping that he saves them from the excruciating and embarrassing task of expelling him – or that Alaska ’s voters do it for them when they go to the polls on Tuesday .
" Voters will determine Ted Stevens ' fate much more quickly than the Senate could at this point , " said one Senate Republican aide .
" Should he be reelected , however , he will most certainly face serious and immediate consequences in the 111th Congress . "
Another top GOP aide , speaking on the condition of anonymity , said that “ the voters in Alaska will be the judge and jury ” in deciding Stevens ’ fate at this time , not his Senate colleagues .
This aide also pointed out that the Senate is not even session until mid-November , after the election , so senators could n’t expel Stevens before that time even if they wanted to .
And the reality for senators is that they often avoid having to make a choice if they can .
National Republican Senatorial Campaign Committee Chairman John Ensign issued a statement Monday saying that he was “ disappointed ” to see Stevens ’ career “ end in disgrace . ”
That was as far as any senator — Republican or Democrat — had gone until McCain said Tuesday morning that Stevens “ has broken his trust with the people ” and “ should step down . ”
Even McCain ’s running mate , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , had initially stopped short of calling for Stevens ’ resignation .
But when McCain called on Stevens to resign Tuesday morning , he launched a parade of followers .
Palin soon joined in the call , as did Obama , the Democrats ’ presidential nominee .
Alaska Republican Sen. Lisa Murkowski said Monday that she ’s going to stand by Stevens as he fights his conviction , and Hawaii Democratic Sen. Daniel Inouye counseled patience .
But most Democrats have been conspicuously circumspect about Stevens ’ fate .
Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) issued a statement Monday calling the conviction “ personal tragedy . ”
But if he meant to call for Stevens ’ resignation , he did it in language that was less than explicit .
“ Sen .
Stevens must now respect the outcome of the judicial process and the dignity of the United States Senate , ” Reid said .
Other top Democrats , including New York Sen. Charles Schumer , have likewise held their fire , preferring to take a low - profile approach to the controversy .
Reid , Schumer and other Democratic leaders are hoping that Stevens loses his reelection bid .
If Stevens holds on to win , the Democrats will want the Republicans to take the lead in ousting him – over the wishes of the state ’s electorate .
In the Democrats ’ eyes , this is a Republican problem , and one they ’ll need to take the lead in fixing .
According to the U.S. Senate Web site , only four sitting senators have been convicted of crimes .
Three of them resigned before they could be expelled ; a fourth died first .
In a brief hallway interview with Fox News on Tuesday , Stevens predicted that he would win reelection on Nov. 4 .
“ Absolutely , ” he said as he strode down the hallway .
Asked about his future plans , Stevens said : “ I ’ll tell the Alaskans . ”
Daniel W. Reilly contributed to this story .
Crazy Celebrity Quote of the Day : Kanye West
" I wanna make popular music , but I want less fans .
I want the freedom of having less fans .
It 's like the freedom of having less money .
If you have less money , you have less responsibility . "
In the past we have done stories onand his big head and this quote from the singer fits right in with what we have thought all along :
Well if he plays his cards right he could have both - less fans and less money .
Boycott anyone ?
Photo : Wenn
On Being Stoned Charles T. Tart , Ph. D. Chapter 24 .
Levels of Intoxication
THIS CHAPTER will summarize the data on minimal levels of intoxication for the various effects of marijuana intoxication .
The first three sections will deal with overall views of the material , and the final section will present a detailed summary of all effects by minimal level of intoxication .
THE MINIMAL LEVEL MODEL AND TOTAL EFFECTS
The basic model of marijuana intoxication effects , discussed at length in Chapter 2 , assumed that any given effect became available for the user to experience once he was intoxicated to some certain minimal degree and when the variables other than level of intoxication assumed necessary configurations .
Above this minimal level , the model assumes that the effect is always available as long as the other variables maintain the necessary configurations .
Examination of the present data , combined with interviews with informants , has convinced me that this model is valid for the vast majority of the effects presented .
In a few cases , however , it seems that at some level higher than the minimal level the effect may no longer be available .
Ease of reading is an example ; at the low levels of intoxication an increased fluency of reading may be experienced , but this drops out above the Moderate level and is replaced by reading difficulty ( Chapter 15 ) .
Figure 24 - 1. CUMULATIVE DISTRIBUTIONS :
TYPES OF EFFECTS BY MINIMAL
LEVELS OF INTOXICATION
Further discussions will assume the general validity of the minimal level model unless otherwise noted .
An important consequence of the minimal level model is that the nature of the marijuana experience at any one time becomes more variable at higher levels of intoxication .
That is , at higher levels of intoxication more and more effects are potentially available .
In terms of experimental studies of intoxication , this means that non -drug variables ( personality , set and setting , etc. ) become increasingly important at high doses .
This is illustrated in Figure 24 - 1 , a plot of the cumulative distributions of various types of effects by the minimal level of intoxication presented earlier for each individual effect .
At the Just to Fair levels , only five effects are available ; by the time the Maximum level is reached , over two hundred effects are potentially available .
Looking at types of effects , we see that Characteristic Effects almost all become available by the Fairly / Strongly level , Common Effects by the Strongly / Very Strongly level , Infrequent Effects by the Very Strongly level , and Rare Effects at the Very Strongly / Maximum level .
Thus the experiences of a user who is mildly intoxicated are fairly predictable from this knowledge of level alone , but predictability drops off rapidly with increasing level .
LEVELS OF INTOXICATION AND CHARACTERISTIC EFFECTS
The 30 effects rated as occurring so frequently they were called characteristic ( at least 50 percent of users rated them Very Often or Usually ) are ordered by minimal level of intoxication in Figure 24 - 2 .
They range from the lowest level , Just / Fairly , [ 1 ] up to the Very Strongly level .
Most characteristic effects begin at the Fairly and Fairly / Strongly levels .
Characteristic effects come as close as we can presently get to indicating what the " pure drug effects " of marijuana might be .
That is , because they occur so commonly , either they must result from very powerful effects of the drug that manifest regardless of other determining factors , or the necessary configuration of non-drug factors on which they depend for manifestation is extremely common within our culture .
To some extent , then , Figure 24 - 2 represents the relationship of relatively " pure drug effects " to level of intoxication .
FIGURE 24 - 2 . LEVELS OF INTOXICATION , CHARACTERISTIC EFFECTS Just Fairly Strongly Very
Strongly Maximum
Type size code :
MOST CHARACTERISTIC
VERY CHARACTERISTIC
CHARACTERISTIC FORGET START OF CONVERSATION NEW QUALITIES TO SEXUAL ORGASM EASILY SIDETRACKED MORE HERE-AND-NOW SEE PATTERNS IN NORMALLY AMBIGUOUS VISUAL MATERIAL TIME PASSES MORE SLOWLY DISTANCE IN WALKING CHANGED SPONTANEOUS INSIGHTS ABOUT SELF MORE CHILDLIKE , OPEN TO EXPERIENCE DIFFICULT TO READ PHYSICALLY RELAXED NEW QUALITIES TO TOUCH MOVEMENT EXCEPTIONALLY SMOOTH WHEN DANCING TOUCH MORE EXCITING , SENSUAL GREATER SPATIAL SEPARATION BETWEEN MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS DEEP INSIGHTS INTO OTHERS VISUAL IMAGERY MORE INTENSE APPRECIATE VERY SUBTLE HUMOR HARD TO PLAY ORDINARY SOCIAL GAMES LESS NOISY AT PARTIES THAN WHEN STRAIGHT LESS NEED TO FEEL IN CONTROL OF THINGS MORE TOLERANT OF CONTRADICTIONS INVARIABLY FEEL GOOD FROM TURNING ON TASTE SENSATIONS HAVE NEW QUALITIES EASY TO GET TO SLEEP AT BEDTIME ..?.?.?.*
UNDERSTAND WORDS OF SONGS BETTER ENJOY EATING A LOT LESS NOISY AT PARTIES THAN WHEN TIPSY OR DRUNK NEW , SUBTLE QUALITIES TO SOUNDS CAN COME DOWN AT WILL Just Fairly Strongly Very
Strongly Maximum
* There is some question whether this effect is available at all levels above the minimal one .
Marijuana users usually test the quality of the marijuana they are buying .
This is done either by smoking a fixed amount of it and rating the level of intoxication reached or by smoking until a desired level of intoxication is reached and noting how much marijuana was required .
While each marijuana user probably has certain idiosyncratic effects he uses to judge how intoxicated he is , some of the characteristic effects presented in Figure 24 - 2 probably function commonly as a guide to level and thus to the potency of the marijuana .
Because so few characteristic effects have a minimal level above the Strong level , Figure 24 - 2 does not provide useful information about what else , in addition to these characteristic effects , may occur at the higher levels of intoxication .
Such data is found in the final two sections of this chapter .
LEVELS OF INTOXICATION AND TYPES OF EFFECTS
To determine what sorts of effects may begin to occur at each of the eight levels of intoxications distinguished in this study , one could tabulate the effects beginning for each level , and this has been done in the next section .
This is a cumbersome procedure , however , and it also tends to overwhelm the general reader with material , even if very useful for the researcher .
I have condensed most of the effects reported on earlier into sixteen general categories , explained below .
I then determined the minimal level of intoxication where at least 50 percent of the effects in the category had begun .
[ 2 ]
These categories and their average minimal levels are plotted in Figure 24 - 3 .
No attempt was made to include frequency of occurrence information in this graph , as was done in earlier graphs of this sort .
FIGURE 24 - 3 . TYPES OF EFFECTS AND MINIMAL LEVEL OF INTOXICATION Just Fairly Strongly Very
Strongly Maximum NAUSEA MYSTICAL & PARANORMAL EXPERIENCES IDENTITY CHANGES LOSS OF CONTACT MEMORY ALTERATIONS INTERNAL BODY AWARENESS DRIFTING , LOSS OF CONTROL , INEFFICIENCY INTENSIFIED IMAGERY , FANTASY , HALLUCINATIONS SPACE TIME ALTERATIONS AFTEREFFECTS INSIGHTS INTO SELF AND ALTERATIONS IN COGNITIVE PROCESSES FOCUSING , CENTERING , EFFICIENCY .?.?.*
GREATER SENSITIVITY AND SUBTLETY IN INTERPERSONAL RELATIONSHIPS
SENSORY ENHANCEMENT
RELAXING , QUIETING , OPENING RESTLESSNESS
Just Fairly Strongly Very
Strongly Maximum
* There is some question whether this effect is available at all levels above the minimal one .
Restlessness includes six effects [ 3 ] indicating restlessness , a desire to move about to do things .
Comments by informants indicated that these types of effects probably do not fit the minimal level model ; i.e. , restlessness is often a transitory phenomenon of the very low levels of intoxication and is replaced by relaxation and lethargy as soon as the user becomes more intoxicated .
This is indicated by the use of question marks on the graph .
Relaxing , quieting , opening includes 52 effects indicating feeling physically relaxed , content , open to whatever happens , less striving , less active .
Sensory enhancement includes 72 items dealing with new , enhanced , or more subtle qualities of sensory perceptions of the external world .
Greater sensitivity and subtlety in interpersonal relationships includes 26 items dealing with feelings of insights into others , increased empathy with them , and the ability to interact in very subtle and sensitive ways , to play subtle " games " Focusing , centering , efficiency includes 28 items dealing with focusing more clearly on tasks at hand , being more here - and - now , being centered in oneself in a situation rather than pulled off balance , and feeling more capable and efficient at tasks .
This is another category of effects that probably does not fit the minimal level model in all respects , with feelings of inefficiency being more likely at the higher levels of intoxication .
Insights into self and alteration of cognitive processes includes 32 items dealing with heightened awareness of one 's mental processes and one 's personality characteristics , often including the awareness of alteration in functioning of these processes .
Aftereffects includes some 14 effects occurring the day following a session of marijuana intoxication , without regard as to whether these are desirable or undesirable .
Space / time alterations includes 37 effects dealing with changes in perception of space , spatial relationships , and time .
Intensified imagery , fantasy , hallucinations includes 41 effects indicating greatly intensified imagery in all sensory modalities , intensified and more absorbing fantasy activity , synesthesia , and visual hallucination .
Drifting , loss of control , inefficiency includes 36 effects reflecting an inability to concentrate , to perform tasks well , or to recall desired memories .
Internal body awareness includes 65 effects dealing with enhanced awareness of sensations and processes inside one 's body .
Memory alterations includes some 19 effects concerned with false memories , deja vu , alterations in memory retrieval , state - specific memory , and the like .
Simple worsening or bettering of recall has been included in the inefficiency or efficiency categories above .
Loss of contact includes 29 effects dealing with loss of contact with the external environment or one 's own body , often resulting from absorption in internal activities .
Identity changes includes 9 effects dealing with temporary changes in personality , archetypal qualities to events , and changes in the relationship of self - concept to the body .
Mystical and paranormal experiences includes 12 effects dealing with spiritual experiences and ostensibly paranormal effects such as telepathy .
Nausea includes 2 effects dealing with the feeling of nausea and actual vomiting .
Considering the relation of types of effects to minimal level of intoxication as a whole , then , we see the following :
At the lowest levels there may be a mild restlessness , but this is replaced with relaxation , calmness , and quieting at only slightly higher levels .
Sensory enhancement begins at low levels , coupled with feelings of being centered and efficient .
While this sensory enhancement persists through all levels , feelings of efficiency may be replaced by those of inefficiency , inability to concentrate on a task , at Strong levels .
The Fairly / Strongly level also is characterized with feelings of insight into one 's own and others ' psychological processes , so that both thought and social interaction seem very subtle , clever , and different .
Some aftereffects the next day follow intoxication at the Fairly / Strongly level , increasingly so at the very high levels .
At the Strong level major alterations in the perception of space and time may occur , and the user can become very absorbed in an inner world of thought , fantasy , and intensified bodily sensations , although social interaction is still easily possible .
At the Strongly / Very Strongly level and higher , memory is altered in its functioning , and the user may become so absorbed in inner experience that he temporarily loses contact with his own body and / or the
environment .
Mystical and ostensibly paranormal experiences sometimes occur .
Nausea and vomiting ( both rare effects ) may occur at the maximal level .
LEVELS OF INTOXICATION : DETAILED DATA
The following table presents all the effects of the present study classified by the average minimal level of intoxication .
Within the table , the effects are ordered by the arithmetic mean of intoxication level ratings , with the effect having the lowest mean at the bottom .
Frequency data are given by type style in the usual convention ; i.e. , characteristic effects in boldface , infrequent effects in small caps , and rare effects in lower case .
The question number of each effect is also given after the item as an aid to the reader .
TABLE 24-1
EFFECTS BY MINIMAL LEVEL OF INTOXICATION Effects Beginning at the Just / Fairly Level : HIGHER PEOPLE GET ME HIGHER ( Q121 )
LESS NOISY AT PARTIES THAN WHEN DRUNK ( Q110 )
REMEMBER MORE OF WHAT IS READ ( Q20 )
HEAR MORE SUBTLE CHANGES IN SOUNDS ( Q24 )
EASIER TO READ THAN WHEN STRAIGHT ( Q19 )
Effects Beginning at the Fairly Level : LEARN A LOT ABOUT PSYCHOLOGICAL PROCESSES ( Q138 )
Invariably feel bad when intoxicated ( Q166 )
Colors get duller ( Q2 )
HARD TO PLAY ORDINARY SOCIAL GAMES ( Q106 )
CONTOURS GET SHARPER ( Q10 )
LESS NOISY AT PARTIES THAN WHEN STRAIGHT ( Q109 )
EASIER TO ACCEPT WHATEVER HAPPENS , LESS NEED TO CONTROL ( Q170 )
EASIER TO ACCEPT CONTRADICTIONS ( Q137 )
CRAVE SWEET THINGS TO EAT ( Q46 )
REMEMBER LESS OF WHAT IS READ ( Q21 )
TALK A LOT MORE THAN WHEN STRAIGHT ( Q117 )
WORK AT TASKS WITH EXTRA ENERGY AND ABSORPTION ( QI79 )
INVARIABLY FEEL GOOD WHEN INTOXICATED ( Q165 )
NEW QUALITIES TO TASTE ( Q39 )
FEEL THE WORLD IS IN BAD SHAPE ( Q215 )
EASY TO GO TO SLEEP AT BEDTIME ( Q197 )
UNDERSTAND THE WORDS OF SONGS BETTER ( Q25 )
MORE SOCIABLE ( Ql15 )
ENJOY EATING AND EAT A LOT ( Q44 )
Effects Beginning at the Fairly / Strongly Level : DISTANCES SEEM GREATER ( Q52 )
MEMORY FOR OTHERWISE FORGOTTEN EVENTS IS WORSE ( Q152 )
SEE PATTERNS , FORMS IN OTHERWISE AMBIGUOUS VISUAL MATERIAL ( Q13 )
TIME PASSES MORE SLOWLY ( Q58 )
LESS SOCIABLE ( Q116 )
PICTURES ACQUIRE A THIRD DIMENSION OF DEPTH ( Q4 )
STRONGLY INFLUENCED BY COMPANIONS ( Q120 )
TALK A LOT LESS ( Q118 )
DISTANCES IN WALKING CHANGED ( Q51 )
SPONTANEOUSLY HAVE INSIGHTS ABOUT MYSELF ( Q139 )
WORK ON TASKS LESS ACCURATELY , JUDGED BY LATER EVALUATION ( Ql44 )
INHIBITIONS LOWERED ( Ql73 )
SMELL HAS NEW QUALITIES ( Q47 )
VISUAL IMAGES AUTOMATICALLY ACCOMPANY THINKING ( Ql48 )
SMELLS RICHER , MORE UNIQUE ( Q48 )
THINK IN A MORE INTUITIVE FASHION ( Ql49 )
SURFACES SEEM ROUGHER , FORM INTERESTING PATTERNS ( Q34 )
BETTER PERSON TO MAKE LOVE WITH WHEN STONED ( Ql27 )
PLEASANT , WARM TINGLING INSIDE BODY ( Q81 )
DREAMS MORE VIVID ( Q201 )
PAIN MORE INTENSE IF CONCENTRATED ON ( Q89 )
MORE INVOLVED IN ORDINARY TASKS ( Q217 )
OBJECTS SEEM HEAVIER ( Q35 )
FEEL MORE CHILDLIKE , OPEN TO EXPERIENCE ( Q207 )
CLOSER MENTAL CONTACT WITH PARTNER WHEN MAKING LOVE ( Ql25 )
MORE DIFFICULT TO READ ( Q18 )
PLAY CHILDISH GAMES ( Q105 )
FEEL THE WORLD IS IN GOOD SHAPE ( Q214 )
PHYSICALLY RELAXED ( Q99 )
IDEAS MORE ORIGINAL , CREATIVE THAN WHEN STRAIGHT ( Q145 )
INSIGHTS ABOUT MYSELF IF I DELIBERATELY TRY TO HAVE THEM ( Q14O )
MEMORY FOR OTHERWISE FORGOTTEN EVENTS BETTER ( Q151 )
MOVEMENTS VERY SMOOTH , COORDINATED ( Q100 )
NEW QUALITIES TO TOUCH ( Q31 )
COMPULSIVE DESIRE TO GET HIGHER ( Q176 )
SURFACES FEEL SMOOTHER , SILKIER ( Q33 )
FEEL EMOTIONS MORE WEAKLY ( Q162 )
EVENTS AND THOUGHTS FLOW MORE SMOOTHLY ( Q61 )
TOUCH MORE EXCITING , SENSUAL ( Q32 )
DREAMS LESS VIVID ( Q202 )
NEED FOR SEX GOES UP ( Ql22 )
GOOD MEMORY FOR PERIOD OF INTOXICATION ( Ql58 )
GET PHYSICALLY RESTLESS , WANT TO MOVE AROUND ( Q98 )
GREATER SEPARATION BETWEEN INSTRUMENTS
WHEN LISTENING TO STEREO ( Q29 )
EMPATHIZE STRONGLY WITH OTHERS ( Qll4 )
FEELS AS IF MIND IS WORKING MORE EFFICIENTLY ( Ql41 )
VIVID TASTE IMAGERY ( Q45 )
DEEP INSIGHTS INTO OTHERS ( Q113 )
SAY MORE PROFOUND THINGS ( Q111 )
AUDITORY IMAGERY MORE VIVID ( Q27 )
VISUAL IMAGERY MORE VIVID ( Q8 )
APPRECIATE MORE SUBTLE HUMOR ( Q146 )
MOOD BEFORE INTOXICATION AMPLIFIED BY INTOXICATION ( Ql60 )
PLAY VERY ELABORATE GAMES ( Ql47 )
WORK ON TASKS MORE ACCURATELY , JUDGED BY LATER EVALUATION ( Q143 )
NEW COLORS , SHADES OF COLOR ( Q1 )
SALIVATE A LOT ( Q42 )
MARKED INCREASE IN SEXUAL DESIRE IF SITUATION IS APPROPRIATE ( Ql24 )
GROUP TAKES ON A SENSE OF UNITY WHEN STONED ( Qll2 )
SLEEP MORE REFRESHING THAN USUAL ( Ql99 )
MORE VISUAL IMAGERY WHILE READING ( Q22 )
RETASTE FOOD WHEN BELCHING ( Q43 )
Effects Beginning at the Strongly Level : BODY FEELS LIGHT , FLOATY ( Q79 )
BODY FEELS HEAVY ( Q80 )
LOSE AWARENESS OF BODY UNLESS STRONG STIMULUS OCCURS ( Q70 )
VISUAL DEPTH MAGNIFIED ( Q14 )
SPACE BECOMES AN AUDITORY SPACE ( Q30 )
Others seem dead , lifeless ( Q119 )
POOR MEMORY FOR PERIOD OF INTOXICATION ( Ql59 )
DEJA VU ( Q63 )
FEELS AS IF MIND IS WORKING LESS EFFICIENTLY ( Ql42 )
LONG TIME DELAY BETWEEN CHEWING AND TASTING ( Q41 )
Less desire for sex ( Q123 )
VIVID TACTUAL IMAGERY ( Q37 )
EVENTS AND THOUGHTS FOLLOW JERKILY ( Q62 )
SKIP INTERMEDIATE STEPS IN PROBLEM SOLVING ( Ql33 )
TIME PASSES MORE RAPIDLY ( Q59 )
VERY AWARE OF BREATHING ( Q73 )
SOUND OF OWN VOICE CHANGES ( Q28 )
FOCUSED SIGHTS VERY REAL , OTHERS DIMVISUAL CENTRALITY ( Ql2 )
World looks flat , lacks depth ( Q5 )
MOVEMENTS AWKWARD ( Q 101 )
DROWSY EARLY IN EVENING ( Ql98 )
FEEL WEAKER ( Q96 )
DISTANCES SEEM SHORTER ( Q53 )
FEEL UNIQUE , NO ONE IS LIKE ME ( Q188 )
THINGS IN PERIPHERY LOOK DIFFERENT ( Q9 )
AWARE OF HEART BEATING ( Q92 )
FEEL STRONGER ( Q95 )
SPONTANEOUSLY REMEMBER THINGS LONG FORGOTTEN ( Q150 )
LESS AWARE OF BODILY COMPONENTS OF EMOTION ( Q164 )
VIVID SMELL IMAGERY ( Q50 )
NEW QUALITIES TO TEMPERATURE ( Q38 )
PAIN EASY TO TOLERATE IF ATTENTION DIVERTED ( Q88 )
GIVE LESS THOUGHT TO CONSEQUENCES OF ACTIONS ( Ql31 )
FEEL VERY POWERFUL .
CAPABLE ( Ql90 )
NEW QUALITIES TO SEXUAL ORGASM ( Q128 )
OBJECTS SEEM LIGHTER ( Q36 )
CAN MEDITATE MORE EFFECTIVELY ( Ql93 )
EASILY SIDETRACKED , FORGET TO FINISH TASKS ( Q175 )
MORE HERE - AND - NOW ( Q136 )
GIGGLE A LOT ( Ql74 )
NEW MEANING TO COMMONPLACE SAYING , EVENTS ( Ql35 )
FEEL EMOTIONS MORE STRONGLY ( Q161 )
EXCELLENT CONTROL OF FANTASIES ( Ql78 )
MORE AWARE OF BODILY COMPONENTS OF EMOTION ( Ql63 )
Effects Beginning at the Strongly / Very Strongly Level : SPACE TAKES ON A SOLID QUALITY ( Q56 )
AWARE OF INTERNAL ORGANS NORMALLY UNAWARE OF ( Q75 )
FORGET START OF SENTENCE ( Q154 )
LOSE SENSE OF SEPARATE SELF , AT ONE WITH WORLD ( Q189 )
MUSCLES DEVELOP A TREMOR ( Q86 )
PERSONALITY CHANGES A LOT WHILE STONED ( Q185 )
IN TOUCH WITH A HIGHER POWER ( Q177 )
POOR CONTROL OF FANTASIES ( Q177 )
LOCATION OF CONSCIOUSNESS IN BODY SHIFTS ( Q77 )
SO ABSORBED IN FANTASY THAT ATTENTION MUST BE GOTTEN FORCIBLY ( Q129 )
VISION BLURRY ( Q11 )
CAN'T THINK CLEARLY , THOUGHTS SLIP AWAY BEFORE GRASPED ( Q134 )
EVENTS BECOME ARCHETYPAL ( Q191 )
INNER VISIONS AS REAL AS NOCTURNAL DREAMS ( Q218 )
THINK I'VE SAID SOMETHING WHEN I'VE ONLY THOUGHT ABOUT IT ( Ql56 )
THINGS GET NEAR OR FURTHER AS I LOOK AT THEMDEPTH JIGGLE ( Q15 )
VIBRATION OR TINGLING IN BODY , NOT PHYSICAL TREMOR ( Q85 )
VERY AWARE OF INTERNAL ORGANS WHILE DEFECATING OR URINATING ( Q78 )
BODY FEELS LARGER ( Q90 )
BODY FEELS SMALLER ( Q91 )
Sleep poor and restless ( Q200 )
POWER , FORCE , ENERGY SENSATIONS IN BODY ( Q82 )
FEEL ISOLATED FROM THINGS AROUND ME ( Q107 )
CAN CONVERSE INTELLIGENTLY
DESPITE SHORTENED MEMORY SPAN ( Q155 )
Smell sensations broken into components ( Q49 )
FORGET START OF CONVERSATION ( Q153 )
FINISH PHYSICAL TASK EVEN THOUGH MENTALLY LOST TRACK OF ( Q130 )
BODY PART ATTENDED TO STANDS OUT MUCH MORE ( Q71 )
SENSUAL QUALITY TO VISION ( Q3 )
FEEL ISOLATED FROM PARTNER WHILE MAKING LOVE ( Q126 )
OTHERS HAVEN'T NOTICED I'M STONED ( Q212 )
FEEL PARANOID , SUSPICIOUS ABOUT OTHERS WITH ME ( Q108 )
So AWARE OF PEOPLE'S THOUGHTS IT MUST BE TELEPATHY ( Q65 )
TASTE SENSATIONS DIVIDED INTO COMPONENTS ( Q40 )
Effects Beginning at the Very Strongly Level : CAN'T COME DOWN QUICKLY ABOVE THIS LEVEL ( Q205 )
BODY NUMB ( Q76 )
GET SO LOST IN FANTASY IT TAKES A WHILE TO REORIENT AFTER ( Q55 )
ANOTHER PERSON'S FACE WILL CHANGE AS I WATCH IT ( Q16 )
CAN COME DOWN AT WILL IF NECESSARY ( Q184 )
OBJECTS VIBRATE OR PULSE AS IF THEY HAD A LIFE OF THEIR OWN ( Q 17 )
Parts of body have moved by themselves ( Q182 )
SENSE OF BALANCE ERRATIC ( Q103 )
Tremble a lot in hands after having been stoned ( Q102 )
HARD TO GET ORGANIZED NEXT DAY ( Q209 )
Can perform magical operations to affect things or people ( Q68 )
AURAS AROUND OBJECTS ( Q7 )
INNER TRIPS , FANTASIES AS REAL AS REALITY ( Q208 )
Possessed by a good force ( Q181 )
LOSE CONTROL OVER THOUGHTS ( Q183 )
OTHERS HAVE NOTICED I ACT DIFFERENTLY WHEN STONED ( Q211 )
PROLONGED BLANK PERIODS ( Q219 )
FELT SHAPE OF BODY DOESN'T CORRESPOND TO ACTUAL FORM ( Q69 )
SYNESTHESIA : SOUNDS HAVE VISUAL IMAGES ASSOCIATED ( Q216 )
Worry about losing control ( Q171 )
Aware of energy flowing in spine ( Q83 )
THINK SOMETHING IS A MEMORY THAT TURNS OUT TO BE A FANTASY ( Q157 )
DIFFICULT TO GET TO SLEEP AT BEDTIME ( Q196 )
Do antisocial things that hurt others ( Q172 )
Precognition , able to foretell future ( Q66 )
Effects Beginning at the Very Strongly / Maximum Level : Possessed by an evil force ( Q180 )
MERGE WITH OBJECT OR PERSON CONTEMPLATED ( Q186 )
HAVE LOST ALL CONSCIOUSNESS OF BODY DURING FANTASY TRIPS ( Q94 )
TIME SEEMS TO STOP ( Q60 )
AURAS AROUND PEOPLE ( Q6 )
HALLUCINATIONS ( Q23 )
Aware of chakra centers along spine ( Q84 )
Sounds are blurry , indistinct ( Q26 )
Effects Beginning at the Maximum Level : Felt nauseated and vomited ( Q210 )
Felt dizzy or nauseated ( Q74 )
LOST ALL CONSCIOUSNESS OF BODY , FLOATED IN LIMITLESS SPACE ( Q93 ) Footnotes 1 .
No effect was commonly rated as beginning at the Just level .
( back )
2 . I shall not present the methods for this tabulation in any detail , as it involved a good deal of my personal judgment , and I am not certain others would classify individual effects the same way .
Figure 24 - 3 is offered more as a suggestion to research than as a final account .
( back )
3 . Note that the number of times constituting a given category has no necessary relation to the commonness of such effects ; it was determined by the construction of the questionnaire .
( back ) Chapter 25 Contents | Feedback | Search | DRCNet Library | Schaffer Library The Psychedelic Library | Book Menu | Table of Contents
John McCain speaks in Florida on Thursday , with his wife , Cindy , by his side .
Blame game : GOP forms circular firing squad
With despair rising even among many of John McCain ’s own advisers , influential Republicans inside and outside his campaign are engaged in an intense round of blame - casting and rear - covering — much of it virtually conceding that an Election Day rout is likely .
A McCain interview published Thursday in The Washington Times sparked the latest and most nasty round of finger - pointing , with senior GOP hands close to President Bush and top congressional aides denouncing the candidate for what they said was an unfocused message and poorly executed campaign .
Advertisement
McCain told the Times that the administration “ let things get completely out of hand ” through eight years of bad decisions about Iraq , global warming , and big spending .
The candidate ’s strategists in recent days have become increasingly vocal in interviews and conference calls about what they call unfair news media coverage and Barack Obama ’s wide financial advantage — both complaints laying down a post-election storyline for why their own efforts proved ineffectual .
These public comments offer a whiff of an increasingly acrid behind - the - scenes GOP meltdown — a blame game played out through not - for - attribution comments to reporters that operatives know will find their way into circulation .
Top Republican officials have let it be known they are distressed about McCain ’s organization .
Coordination between the McCain campaign and Republican National Committee , always uneven , is now nearly dysfunctional , with little high - level contact and intelligence - sharing between the two .
“ There is no communication , ” lamented one top Republican .
“ It drives you crazy . ”
At his Northern Virginia headquarters , some McCain aides are already speaking of the campaign in the past tense .
Morale , even among some of the heartiest and most loyal staffers , has plummeted .
And many past and current McCain advisers are warring with each other over who led the candidate astray .
One well - connected Republican in the private sector was shocked to get calls and resumes in the past few days from what he said were senior McCain aides — a breach of custom for even the worst - off campaigns .
“ It ’s not an extraordinarily happy place to be right now , ” said one senior McCain aide .
“ I ’m not gonna lie .
It ’s just unfortunate . ”
“ If you really want to see what ‘ going negative ’ is in politics , just watch the back - stabbing and blame game that we ’re starting to see , ” said Mark McKinnon , the ad man who left the campaign after McCain wrapped up the GOP primary .
“ And there ’s one common theme : Everyone who was n’t part of the campaign could have done better . ”
“ The cake is baked , ” agreed a former McCain strategist .
“ We ’re entering the finger - pointing and positioning - for - history part of the campaign .
It ’s every man for himself now . ”
A circular firing squad is among the most familiar political rituals of a campaign when things are n’t going well .
But it is rare for campaign aides to be so openly participating in it well before Election Day .
One current senior campaign official gave voice to this “ Law of the Jungle ” ethic , defending the campaign against second - guessers who say it was a mistake to throw away his " experience " message in an attempt to match Obama ’s “ change ” mantra .
“ Everybody agreed with the strategy , ” said this official .
“ We were unlikely to be successful without being aggressive and taking risks . ”
Running as a steady hand and basing a campaign on Obama ’s sparse résumé was a political loser , it was decided .
“ The pollsters and the entire senior leadership of campaign believe that experience vs. change was not a winning message and formulation , the same way it was no winning formula with Hillary Clinton . ”
Beyond the obvious reputation - burnishing — much of it by professional operatives whose financial livelihoods depend on ensuring that they are not blamed for a bad campaign — there is a more substantive dimension .
Barring a big McCain comeback , and a turnabout in numerous congressional races where the party is in trouble , the GOP is on the brink of a soul - searching debate about what to do to reclaim power .
Much of that debate will hinge on appraisals of what McCain could have done differently .
That is why his criticisms of Bush hit such an exposed nerve Thursday .
Was McCain hobbled by party label at a time when the incumbent president is so unpopular ?
Or did his uneven response to the financial rescue — and endorsement of such nonconservative ideas as a massive government purchase of homeowner mortgages — seal his fate ?
Dan Schnur , a McCain communications adviser during his 2000 run and now a political analyst at the University of Southern California , said McCain should step in to halt the defeatism and self - serving leaks — an epidemic of incontinence — on his own team .
“ It ’s a natural and human reaction when you ’re struggling to make up ground , but that does n’t make it right , ” Schnur said .
“ As long as the campaign is still potentially winnable , these are an unnecessary distraction .
This looks like it ’s reached a point where the candidate has to step in himself and crack some heads to remind everyone why they came to work for him in the first place . ”
Offered a chance to respond to the suggestion that the McCain campaign is awash in defeatism , a McCain official delivered a decidedly measured appraisal : “ We have a real chance in Pennsylvania .
We are in trouble in Colorado , Nevada and Virginia .
We have lost Iowa and New Mexico .
We are OK in Missouri , Ohio and Florida .
Our voter intensity is good , and we can match their buy dollar for dollar starting today till the election .
It ’s a long shot , but it ’s worth fighting for . ”
Earlier this week , campaign manager Rick Davis complained to reporters in a conference call that reporters refuse to call out Obama for alleged shady fundraising tactics , but in the process revealed no small amount of envy over the Democratic financial advantage .
" Now , I 'd love to have that $ 4 million right now to put into Pennsylvania , ” he said .
“ It 'd be a good thing for our campaign .
I think it 's a game - changer if I can slap all of that right on the Philadelphia media market .
It 's an expensive place .
And yet , Barack Obama gets away with raising illegitimate money and spending it . ”
A New York Times Magazine piece on Sunday chronicling McCain ’s campaign featured numerous not - for - attribution McCain staffers participating in what amounted to a campaign autopsy .
One aide told writer Robert Draper , “ For better or worse , our campaign has been fought from tactic to tactic , ” and one criticized McCain ’s debate performance .
Longtime McCain alter ego Mark Salter gave an interview to Atlantic writer Jeffrey Goldberg criticizing everything from the news media to the vagaries of fate : “ Iraq was supposed to be the issue of the campaign .
We assumed it was our biggest challenge .
Funny how things work . ”
Many conservative commentators likewise have been writing of McCain ’s campaign in a valedictory tone .
Among this group there is an emerging debate — one with the potential to last for a long time about the role of vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin .
One school — including syndicated columnist Kathleen Parker and Peggy Noonan of the Wall Street Journal — called her a drag on the ticket and implicitly rebuked McCain ’s judgment in picking her .
Another school believes she is the future of the party , a view backed by Fred Barnes of The Weekly Standard : “ Whether they know it or not , Republicans have a huge stake in Palin .
If , after the election , they let her slip into political obscurity , they ’ll be making a huge mistake . ”
In The Week , former Bush speechwriter David Frum wrote of McCain ’s travails in a way that seemed to take defeat for granted and warned the GOP faces a long road back .
“ That ’s not a failure of campaign tactics .
It ’s not even a failure of strategy .
It ’s a failure of the Republican Party and conservative movement to adapt to the times . ”
While Frum was focused on the long view of history , many Republicans in Washington are much more in the moment — and much harsher in their denunciation of McCain and his team .
A senior Republican strategist , speaking with authority about the view of the party ’s establishment , issued a wide - ranging critique of the McCain high command : “ Lashing out at past Republican Congresses , … echoing your opponent 's attacks on you instead of attacking your opponent , and spending 150,000 hard dollars on designer clothes when congressional Republicans are struggling for money , and when your senior campaign staff are blaming each other for the loss in The New York Times [ Magazine ] 10 days before the election , you ’re not doing much to energize your supporters .
“ The fact is , when you ’re the party standard - bearer , you have an obligation to fight to the finish , ” this strategist continued .
“ I think they can still win .
But if they do n’t think that , they need to look at how Bob Dole finished out his campaign in 1996 and not try to take down as many Republicans with them as they can .
Instead of campaigning in Electoral College states , Dole was campaigning in places he knew he did n’t have a chance to beat Clinton , but where he could energize key House and Senate races . ”
A House Republican leadership aide in an e-mail was no more complimentary : “ The staff has been remarkably undisciplined , too eager to point fingers , unable to craft any coherent long - term strategy .
The handling of Palin ( not her performances , but her rollout and availability ) has been nothing short of political malpractice .
I understand the candidate might have other opinions and might be dictating some aspects of the campaign to staff — but the lack of discipline and ability to draft and stick to a coherent message is unreal .
You have half of the campaign saying Ayers is a major issue , and then the candidate out there saying he does n’t care about a washed - up terrorist .
You have McCain one day echoing Milton Friedman and the next day echoing FDR . ”
Alexander Burns contributed to this story .
Around 50 people queued in sub - zero temperatures for up to four days to get their hands on a beach hut lease today .
Lets on the wooden huts on Avon Beach , Mudeford in Dorset come up annually on a first - come , first - served basis for the summer period .
They have no electricity , running water and it is forbidden to sleep in them - unlike nearby Mudeford sandbank where huts fetch up to £ 165,000 and can be slept in from March to November .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
But that did not stop two families setting up camp four days ago and queuing in shifts for the leases which went on sale today .
Two lifelong leases were on offer , one costing £ 775 a year for a lease on a hut between 10 April and 30 September , and a shorter lease between 19 April and 5 September for £ 590 a year .
There were also 18 six - week leases up for grabs for the summer costing £ 400 .
Laura Huxtable , of Avon Beach Company , which rents many of the huts out , said : " When I left last night at 5.15 pm there was about 20 people outside , sat on deck chairs with all their hats and scarves on , their tents put up and it was starting to snow .
" There was a very good atmosphere with good spirits and people looking forward to the fact they were going to get their huts the next day .
" The rest of the 50 people were there in the early hours of the morning . "
Anne Smith and her family were at the front of the queue and managed to get one of the lifelong leases which gives them first refusal on a hut every year without having to queue again .
" It 's been OK as we 've been doing it in shifts , " she told the BBC .
" We 've had people to talk to , it 's not been too bad . "
The huts have stunning views of Christchurch Bay and towards the Isle of Wight .
They are for day use with a folding table , two deck chairs and a cupboard .
NASA announced Thursday that space shuttle Atlantis’ STS - 125 mission to repair the Hubble Space Telescope is targeted to launch May 12 , 2009 .
The mission , which was previously scheduled for October of this year was delayed when a data handling unit on the telescope failed .
Since then , engineers have been working to prepare a 1970 ’s era spare unit for flight .
They expect to be able to ship the spare , known as the Science Instrument Command and Data Handling System , to NASA ’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida in spring 2009 .
STS - 125 is an 11 - day flight featuring five spacewalks to extend Hubble ’s life into the next decade by refurbishing and upgrading the telescope with state - of - the - art science instruments and swapping failed hardware .
The crew consists of Scott Altman , commander ; Greg Johnson , pilot ; and mission specialists are veteran spacewalkers John Grunsfeld and Mike Massimino , and first - time space fliers Andrew Feustel , Michael Good and Megan McArthur .
The next space shuttle mission , STS - 119 , is scheduled for launch on Feb. 12 , 2009 , which will go to the International Space Station and bring up the S6 starboard truss segment and the final set of solar arrays .
Another shuttle mission , STS - 127 mission , is also targeted for launch in May 2009 , but it ’s possible that flight could slip .
The Hubble mission will need another shuttle on standby for a rescue mission , should STS - 125 encounter any problems ( since its not going to the ISS , which would serve as a safe haven if a shuttle had any damage where it could not land safely ) .
Beyond that , STS - 128 is targeted for August 2009 , and STS - 129 is targeted for November 2009 .
As always , all target launch dates are subject to change .
Source : NASA
Somewhere in the vastnesses of the Internet and the almost equally impenetrable thicket of my bookmark collection , there is a post by someone who was learning Zen meditation ...
Someone who was surprised by how many of the thoughts that crossed his mind , as he tried to meditate , were old thoughts - thoughts he had thunk many times before .
He was successful in banishing these old thoughts , but did he succeed in meditating ?
No ; once the comfortable routine thoughts were banished , new and interesting and more distracting thoughts began to cross his mind instead .
I was struck , on reading this , how much of my life I had allowed to fall into routine patterns .
Once you actually see that , it takes on a nightmarish quality :
You can imagine your fraction of novelty diminishing and diminishing , so slowly you never take alarm , until finally you spend until the end of time watching the same videos over and over again , and thinking the same thoughts each time .
Sometime in the next week - January 1st if you have that available , or maybe January 3rd or 4th if the weekend is more convenient - I suggest you hold a New Day , where you do n't do anything old .
Do n't read any book you 've read before .
Do n't read any author you 've read before .
Do n't visit any website you 've visited before .
Do n't play any game you 've played before .
Do n't listen to familiar music that you already know you 'll like .
If you go on a walk , walk along a new path even if you have to drive to a different part of the city for your walk .
Do n't go to any restaurant you 've been to before , order a dish that you have n't had before .
Talk to new people ( even if you have to find them in an IRC channel ) about something you do n't spend much time discussing .
And most of all , if you become aware of yourself musing on any thought you 've thunk before , then muse on something else .
Rehearse no old grievances , replay no old fantasies .
If it works , you could make it a holiday tradition , and do it every New Year .
The commission wants to tighten controls on animal research across Europe , including a ban on the use of gorillas , orang - utans and chimpanzees
The use of great apes such as gorillas , orang - utans and chimpanzees in scientific experiments should be banned throughout the European Union , the European Commission has proposed .
The measure is part of a series of proposals to tighten control of animal research that have been the subject of intense lobbying from animal rights groups , researchers and the pharmaceutical industry .
The document , which states that research on animals is currently " essential " , sets out new restrictions on the use of monkeys and includes some species of primitive fish and invertebrates , such as crabs and lobsters , that were not previously covered by European legislation .
According to the proposed new directive : " The use of animals in scientific procedures today ... still remains essential for ensuring a level of safety for human beings , animals and the environment and for the advancement of knowledge which will lead to improvements in human and animal health and welfare . "
However , the European environment commissioner Stavros Dimas said : " It is absolutely important to steer away from testing on animals .
Scientific research must focus on finding alternative methods to animal testing , but where alternatives are not available the situation of animals still used in experiments must be improved . "
Around 12 m animals are used in research in Europe each year , including work involving non-human primates .
Scientists had been concerned that the commission 's proposals , which if adopted by the EU would replace 1986 legislation , placing far greater restrictions on animal experimentation and imposing extra bureaucracy .
On October 24 , Chris Brinsmead , president of the Association of the British Pharmaceutical Industry , Simon Denegri , chief executive of the Association of Medical Research Charities , and Prof Dame Nancy Rotherwell , president of the Biosciences Federation , wrote a letter raising their concerns to the Home Secretary Jacqui Smith and other ministers including Lord Mandelson and Hilary Benn .
With that letter was a briefing document produced by a group of scientific organisations , including the Royal Society and the Academy of Medical Sciences , which stated : " The sector is concerned at some of the proposals that have been raised in public documents and in discussions with officials . "
The letter proposed the creation of a " pan- government task force " to coordinate lobbying of the commission .
Whether as a result of UK government lobbying or not , the final proposal will be much more palatable to the scientific community .
" It has been improved considerably so that it is much more realistic , " said Dr Simon Festing , director of the Research Defence Society .
" It really is a very good first stab . "
Most eye - catching is the ban on the use of great apes – which scientists had opposed in their letter to the Home Secretary .
They wrote : " Should a serious health challenge arise where great apes offer the only option to address a pandemic that threatens widespread mortality , their use should be permitted ... but this would not be possible if a complete legislative ban were introduced . "
In effect , such a ban would make little difference , though , because no great apes have been used in research in the EU for the past six years and UK regulations forbid their use .
Although retaining the idea of a legislative ban , the proposed directive does offer a " safeguard clause " that allows chimps , gorillas and orang - utans to be used under exceptional circumstances if a member state applies for permission from the commission .
But this could take too long in a public health emergency , argues Dr Sophie Petit - Zeman at the Association of Medical Research Charities .
" A ban on the use of great apes ... could jeopardise rapid reactive work to a serious health challenge , " she said .
Researchers had been concerned that proposals would include a ban on the use of non-human primates that are either the progeny or grand - progeny of wild animals .
This proposal was aimed at promoting long - term captive breeding as an alternative to capturing animals in the wild .
" The capture of non -human primates from the wild is highly stressful for the animals and increases the risk of injury and suffering during capture and transport , " states the proposed directive .
But researchers had pointed out that it would be impossible to meet the demand for animals in the short term if the progeny of individuals caught in the wild were excluded , and the final document has allowed such a ban to be phased in over 7 or 10 years depending on the species of monkey .
Emily McIvor , policy director of the Dr Hadwen Trust , an NGO that campaigns against the use of animals in research , gave a cautious welcome to the proposals .
But she added : " To make this law fit for a morally and scientifically progressive 21st century , the ultimate goal of replacing animals with alternatives must be right at the heart of the legislation .
This is a once - in - a - lifetime opportunity for Europe to lead the world in ending animal experiments and replacing them with the most technologically advanced non-animal techniques science can offer . "
Stephen Lendman
Global Research
October 13 , 2008
Since 9/11 , the notion of an October surprise has been around .
The idea going something like this .
Another real or manufactured terror attack .
The dominant media stokes fear .
The public is again traumatized .
The Bush administration pledges all effective measures to protect national security .
Formerly seizes total power .
Suspends the Constitution and declares martial law .
Mass detentions follow .
Beginning with dissenters and elements of the public considered “ dangerous . ”
Today ’s crisis is n’t an accident or from happenstance .
It was planned .
This may be coming with the 3rd Infantry ’s 1st Brigade Combat Team back in the US as of October 1 .
According to the Army Times , as “ an on - call federal response force for natural or manmade emergencies and disasters , including terrorist attacks . ”
Augmented by USNORTHCOM .
According to Wayne Madsen ’s recent article titled “ FEMA sources confirm coming martial law , ” it gets worse .
He cites “ knowledgeable ” FEMA sources saying that “ the Bush administration is putting the final touches on a plan ( to declare ) martial law in the US with various scenarios anticipated as triggers . ”
Economic collapse .
Massive social unrest .
Bank closures .
Street protests .
Violence in response , and another stolen election .
Early in the month , a different October surprise arrived .
Not the expected one .
Not yet at least .
The Wall Street Journal put it this way : “ The Dow Jones Industrial Average ( DJIA ) capped the worst week in its 112 - year history with its most volatile day ever , as hopes for a major international bank rescue plan were overwhelmed at day ’s end by another wave of selling . ”
The DJIA dropped 22 % over the past eight trading sessions .
Investors were “ shell - shocked . ”
Many spent Friday “ trying to protect themselves from further declines .
The past week ’s ( October 6 – 10 ) 18 % decline “ and Friday ’s 1018.77 point swing from low to high were the biggest since the Dow was created in 1896 . ”
The VIX measure of market fear hit 69.95 .
By far its highest level ever , and some investors think it may touch 100 in the current climate .
Until now , the Dow ’s worst week was in 1933 .
Trading volume also set a record at 11.16 billion shares .
“ Market crash shakes world ” headlined the Financial Times ( FT ) .
Mass trauma , fear and uncertainty sent tremors everywhere , and no one knows if Friday ended it .
Maybe just began it .
First markets crater .
Then world economies , and finally the inevitable human fallout .
Affecting many tens of millions everywhere .
Innocent people paying dearly .
Morning headlines say it all .
And they ’re getting grimmer .
On October 10 , the Wall Street Journal said the “ Market ’s 7 - Day Rout Leaves US Reeling .
Stocks in a Slow - Motion Crash … .
After Year of Declines , Investors Lose $ 8.4 Trillion of Wealth . ”
Most scary is what ’s ahead and how much more people can or will tolerate .
The Financial Times was just as grim headlining “ Global equities plunge … .
Japan leads Asian market rout … Wall Street in biggest fall since 1987 crash . ”
Once the nation ’s largest company , General Motors may now face bankruptcy .
Its October 10 stock fell to its 1950 valuation and now has a market capitalization of just $ 2.6 billion .
Shockingly expressed in one headline saying “ Wheels falling off for General Motors . ”
Add the engine and chassis , too .
Ford Motor ’s outlook is little better .
Its stock price is the lowest in decades , and one analyst warned that “ the accelerating deterioration in industry fundamentals will be a serious challenge to liquidity ( for both companies and Chrysler ) during 2009 . ”
JD Power and Associates was even grimmer saying that the global auto market may experience an “ outright collapse ” in 2009 .
And we ’re only talking about autos .
Look at banks and world finance .
The source of today ’s crisis and reason global economies are reeling .
Economists like Nouriel Roubini were once scoffed at .
No longer .
He warned for months that “ the risk of a total systemic meltdown is now as high as ever since the credit crunch is gripping European banks as well ” and spreading globally .
Affecting good ones as well as bad .
Trashing the baby with the bath water .
Erasing savings for tens of millions everywhere .
And for seniors who may not have time to recoup .
The crisis did n’t emerge like Topsy .
It ’s been simmering for years , and in July 2006 historian Gabriel Kolko warned about it in an article titled “ Bankers Fear World Economic Meltdown . ”
He noted how :
the “ whole nature of the global finance system has changed radically in ways that have nothing whatsoever to do with ‘ virtuous ’ national economic policies … .
The investment managers of private equity funds and major banks have displaced national banks …. moving well beyond regulatory structures ….
Traders have taken over from traditional bankers because buying and selling shares , bonds , derivatives and the like now generate the greater profits , and taking more and higher risks is now the rule … .
They often bet with house money ( and ) low interest rates …. let them do things …. that were once deemed foolhardy . ”
Compounded by the irrational development of global finance , liberalization and loose regulations .
Playing fast and loose and betting on the come .
The potential gains are enormous and so are the risks of a major financial crisis .
A meltdown .
Now we ’ve got one that global institutions are “ utterly inadequate ” to deal with .
Kolko warned then that “ the entire global financial structure ( was ) becoming uncontrollable ….
financial liberalization produced a monster …. contradictions wrack the world ’s financial system ( that ’s ) both crisis - prone ( and ) immoral .
( We ) may very well be on the verge of serious crises . ”
Now we ’ve got one and in dire straits .
Because “ a kleptocratic class ( took ) over the economy , ” according to economist Michael Hudson .
A criminal element betting on high returns through computerized gambling “ and when bad bets are made , bailouts are the ( payoff ) for campaign contributions . ”
For having friends in high places as well .
Today ’s crisis is n’t an accident or from happenstance .
It was planned , according to economist and critic F. William Engdahl in his recent article titled “ Behind the Panic . ”
To “ shape the future of global banking ” through creative destruction .
Panic incited by a well - designed “ long - term strategy . ”
To change the “ face of European banking . ”
Weaken it with toxic junk .
Asset Backed Securities .
Force enough of it into liquidation or cheap enough to buy at fire sale valuations .
The idea being to “ create three colossal global financial giants – Citigroup , JP Morgan Chase , and Goldman Sachs . ”
Add Bank of America and make it a foursome .
Then use their “ muscle to ravage European banks . ”
Even if they wreck the US and world economies .
Resuscitate them so they can “ advance their global agenda over the coming years . ”
To dominate world finance and increase US hegemony in the new century .
That ’s the scheme , and Engdahl calls it “ a fight for the survival of the American Century . ”
Built on “ the twin pillars of American financial ( and military ) dominance , ” but the game is far from over .
“ Battle lines are drawn . ” EU nations have their own ideas .
Stabilization and recovery plans as well that differ from Washington ’s and look much sounder .
It remains to be seen where things are heading and whether competing nations can work together and do it effectively .
They have n’t much time .
Washington ’s Efforts to Shape the Last Century
Engdahl recounted some of them in his important book on war , geopolitics , oil and finance : “ A Century of War . ”
He explained how Washington designed “ the greatest confidence game ” ever .
A “ special hegemony ” to :
— print limitless amounts of dollars ;
— accumulate huge trade deficits ;
— “ inflate ( the ) currency beyond imagination ; ”
— have the government pay bankers interest on its own money ; and
— create an unprecedented public and private debt to enrich the few at the expense of the many .
Up to now it worked .
Let America rule the world .
Control its energy and finance .
Avoid serious challengers and crush potential ones .
From the early years of the last century , US muscle flexing took many forms .
From conflicts to geopolitics to controlling world resources to financial warfare .
JP Morgan and other Wall Street notables were experts on the latter .
Creating panics for greater power .
Like today ’s with similar aims .
In 1969 , Richard Nixon had his own scheme with the country in recession .
Interest rates were cut .
Dollars flowed abroad .
The money supply was expanded , and in May 1971 America recorded its first monthly trade deficit .
It triggered a panic US dollar sell - off .
Gold backed the currency then .
Reserves were one - quarter of official liabilities , and ( on August 15 ) Nixon unilaterally imposed a 90 - day wage and price freeze .
A 10 % import surcharge .
An 8 % currency devaluation , and he closed the gold window .
Suspended dollar convertibility into the metal and ended compliance with Bretton Woods ’ core provision .
He pulled the plug on world economies .
Shook them and on February 12 , 1973 did again .
With a further 10 % dollar devaluation that created the worst global instability since the 1930s .
What lay behind his actions ?
To buy time ahead of a bold new monetary “ paradigm shift . ”
To revive a strong dollar and US hegemony .
By a “ colossal assault ” on world industrial growth .
Through an engineered oil embargo .
A 400 % increase in oil prices .
A flood of petrodollars to be recycled into US investments and purchases .
Big Oil and major banks to profit hugely at the cost of economic crisis .
The worst since the 1930s .
Causing bankruptcies , unemployment and stagflation .
Under Jimmy Carter in 1979 , Fed chairman Paul Volker advanced his own radical monetary policy on the pretext of fighting high inflation .
It was another Washington scheme to preserve dollar hegemony .
Keep it the world ’s reserve currency , and do it by crushing industrial growth to let political and financial power prop up dollar strength .
It worked by raising interest rates from 10 % to 16 % and then 20 % in weeks .
The US and world economies plunged into deep recessions , and the dollar began a strong five year ascent .
In the 1980s under Ronald Reagan , Mexican president Jose Lopez Portillo wanted to use his oil revenue to modernize and industrialize the country .
To make it stronger and more independent .
That prospect was anathema to Washington and it reacted .
With a scheme to demand rigid repayment of Mexican debt at exorbitant rates .
In 1981 , it began with an orchestrated run on the peso .
Stories were circulated about an impending devaluation and capital flight .
Portillo instituted an austerity plan , and his government cracked under pressure .
The peso was devalued 30 % .
Mexican industry was devastated .
Industrial production cut .
Bankruptcies followed .
Millions of Mexicans suffered grievously .
The nation became effectively insolvent .
It had to accept IMF help .
Took on large amounts of debt , and major banks profited hugely by working with the government and IMF .
Socializing the debt .
Spinning it off to tax payers and privatizing gains through structural adjustment looting .
Similarly in other countries .
Causing mounting debt .
Charging onerous interest rates , and earning greater profits from hundreds of billions of dollars in servicing costs .
Reagan - era deregulation caused the S & L crisis .
A lesser version of today’s .
By letting banks invest in speculative real estate .
Engage in massive fraud .
And get the right wing Cato Institute to say : “ If Congress had set out in 1980 to create an environment that would lure all the crooks and frauds in the country into one industry , few would have been more suitable than ” this one .
“ It was easy ( finding ) disenchanged S & L owners who were willing to sell out for a reasonable price , and once one had an S & L charter , opportunities abounded . ”
It ended up bankrupting hundreds of banks .
Shrunk the industry from 4500 in 1979 to about 2200 in 1991 and hundreds more afterward .
It also cost taxpayers around $ 200 billion .
Pocket change compared to the trillions needed for the current crisis .
In the 1980s , Japan was the country that could say “ no . ”
At decade ’s end , it was the world ’s economic and banking leader .
Because reckless speculation left American banks in deep crisis .
Japan operated more prudently .
It prospered , and challenged American dominance .
Washington feared former communist countries would adopt its model .
This was anathema .
It might shut out US companies .
Show Japan ’s way was superior so it had to be stopped .
The 1985 Plaza accord was the scheme .
To get Japan to exercise monetary and fiscal measures to expand domestic demand and reduce the country ’s external surplus .
At the same time , the Bank of Japan held interest rates at 2.5 % from 1987 – 1989 .
To stimulate US goods purchases .
Instead cheap money went into Japanese stocks and real estate .
It created two colossal bubbles .
A lost decade followed , and the economy is still recovering and under new duress from the current panic .
The 1990s Asian crisis was also manufactured .
In summer 1997 , it hit .
For no apparent reason beyond rumors that the Thai baht was in trouble , and Thailand had too few dollars to back it .
“ Asian Contagion ” was unleashed .
Hot money came in earlier .
Then exited electronically .
From Thailand , Indonesia , South Korea , the Philippines , and other Asian Tiger countries .
Through a Washington - engineered scheme because these nations ’ economic model bested America ’s and threatened it .
Tiger countries grew by protecting their markets and barring foreign companies from owning land and national firms .
They also restricted Western and Japanese imports to grow their own economies and homegrown industries .
Again anathema so it had to be stopped .
The countries were hammered .
Forced to devalue their currencies and get IMF help .
With strings .
Accepting debt bondage .
Opening their markets .
Structural adjustments .
Privatizations .
Spending cuts .
Mass layoffs and constrained wages and benefits .
The whole toxic package in return for aid .
The regional toll was devastating .
An estimated 24 million lost jobs .
Its growing middle class destroyed .
A black hole of misery for around 20 million people .
Forcing them to do anything to survive .
Crushing the Asian miracle to let Western brands replace local ones .
Bargain hunters get great deals at fire sale prices .
The New York Times called it “ the world ’s biggest going - out - of - business sale . ”
The region now hammered again from the current crisis .
No secret where it was manufactured .
No telling how it will end up .
No guessing many millions feel pain and are fearful .
No end to other notable examples .
Two especially stand out .
The 1990s ones affecting post -Soviet Russia and South Africa .
In each case , neoliberal “ shock therapy ” was devastating .
It empowered an oligarch class in Russia .
Let them strip mine the nation ’s wealth and offshore it to tax havens .
Impoverished tens of millions of people .
Bankrupted 80 % of farmers .
Caused mass unemployment .
Created a permanent underclass .
An annual 700,000 a year population decline and much more .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
South Africa fared no better .
Despite Nelson Mandela ’s pledge to support black economic empowerment .
As president he surrendered to capital .
The consequences were horrific .
Far worse than under apartheid .
Double the unemployment rate and number of people in desperate poverty .
Millions of poor blacks without homes .
Another million evicted from farms .
One - fourth of the population with no running water or electricity .
Around 60 % with inadequate sanitation .
A 13 year life expectancy decline since 1990 .
Appalling human wreckage much like what happened in Russia and elsewhere .
To empower capital at the expense of people .
Heading for America and in one week took a quantum leap .
Spreading everywhere .
On October 2 , enough for The New York Times to say that Latin American leaders have gone from “ schadenfreude to fear ( ful ) . ”
Hugo Chavez skipped the UN General Assembly opening to visit China and said Beijing is more relevant than New York .
Venezuela and Bolivia expelled their US ambassadors , and Brazil ’s Lula da Silva railed against an American regional naval presence and said his nation ’s warships must be on alert in response .
He ’s also furious at Wall Street and Washington for the current crisis and said : “ We did what we were supposed to do to get our house in order .
They spent years telling us what to do and they themselves did n’t do it . ”
Argentina ’s Christina Fernandez de Kirchner was also bitter in stating : “ We are witnessing the First World , which at one point had been painted as a mecca we should strive to reach , popping like a bubble . ”
And the Chicago Tribune quoted an Inter - American Dialogue expert saying that “ whatever credibility the US had in the region , on economic management , that ’s clearly gone . ”
Forty world specialists from 20 countries attended the International Conference of Political Economy in Caracas , Venezuela from October 8 – 11 .
To analyze and propose South - based , alternative solutions to the financial crisis .
Venezuela ’s Minister for Planning and Development , Haiman El Troudi , highlighted his country ’s relative strength .
Its impressive economic growth ( at 6 % in first half 2008 ) , and recommended that Venezuelans repatriate their US investments given the current climate .
To protect them from unsafe American banks .
He and President Chavez also criticized the IMF and called for it to “ dissolve….kill itself . ”
They were harsh on the World Bank as well .
Chavez added that “ We are decoupling from the wagon of death . ”
El Troudi said we are witnessing the end of neoliberal hegemony .
Others agreed that a new model is needed .
The old one clearly failed .
The Current Panic and Meltdown
Credit today is frozen .
From a debt crisis , not a liquidity one .
Markets are reeling as a result .
Crashing in free fall from severe financial stress .
From the largest ever leveraged asset and credit bubbles .
Multiple ones .
Imploding .
Starting with housing .
Causing widespread mortgage defaults and huge financial institution losses .
Multi-trillions more asset dollars at risk .
Compounded by banks reluctant to lend .
Fearing they wo n’t be repaid .
Prices are falling .
Trust is eroded .
Losses mounting from destructive deleveraging .
Mortgages , stocks , bonds , commodities , credit , private equity , hedge funds imploding more intensively than since the Great Depression .
Forcing troubled companies to the wall .
Each one exposing others .
Some too big to fail but they did .
Getting investors to run for the exits .
Selling good assets to cover bad ones .
Freezing up money markets .
Making short - term Treasuries the only safe bet .
Getting world governments scrambling for solutions .
Already in recession and getting worse .
Fearing an intensified financial crisis .
A systemic collapse .
Turning a deepening recession into a global depression .
A disaster only urgent , well - designed , and coordinated actions may prevent .
But no assurance anything will work this late .
Here ’s what Nouriel Roubini and others recommend .
Mirror opposite of EESA that will do more harm than good :
— additional rapid rate cuts globally ; at least to 1 % in America ; much lower in the EU , Asia and elsewhere ;
— guarantee all deposits until stability is restored at least ;
— partially nationalize troubled banks ; recapitalize them with public funds ; in some form that now seems the plan according to The New York Times in its October 11 article headlined : “ White House Overhauling Rescue Plan ; ” capital to be injected into banks by buying non-voting shares ; what ’s known is Henry Paulson ’s October 10 statement that “ We can use the taxpayer ’s money more effectively …. if we develop a standardized program to buy equity in financial institutions ; ” it remains to be seen what , in fact , happens ; Paulson represents Wall Street ; not the public , national or world interests ;
— he ’s not for reestablishing responsible regulation to curb market excesses ; what economists like Roubini recommend ;
— freeze all home foreclosures ; establish a 1930s type Home Owners ’ Loan Corporation ( HOLC ) to refinance homes and prevent foreclosures ; let foreclosed homeowners retain their properties and pay affordable rent ;
— ease the debt burden of distressed households ; cap credit card and other high consumer loan interest rates at much lower levels ; put cash in peoples ’ hands ; lots of it ; at least several hundred billion dollars for starters ; more if needed ; as much as it takes ;
— provide solvent financial institutions with as much liquidity as they need ; corporate sector companies as well , including small businesses ;
— save solvent companies ; liquidate troubled ones too far gone ;
— fund massive stimulus to revive the economy ; for public works , infrastructure , education , alternative energy , unemployment benefits , job training , tax rebates to the needy , and state and local governments strapped for cash ; money for what ’s needed most and that can do the most good ;
— get stronger , more solvent countries to help weaker , more indebted ones ; and
— move on these policies fast ; world governments have little time left to save themselves ; there ’s no assurance they can ; and these measure do n’t address our destructive military Keynsianism ; permanent war economy and need to redirect those funds for constructive homeland needs ; mirror opposite of a reported a new Pentagon document requesting an additional $ 450 billion over the next five years .
Reeling from One Policy Response to Another
First came EESA .
The Emergency Economic Stabilization Act .
To reward fraudsters and not address the root of the crisis .
Nor help millions of troubled households .
Homeowners in foreclosure .
Others threatened .
The public traumatized by the most calamitous economic events since the 1930s .
Europeans formed their own plans .
Different from Washington’s .
On October 10 , G - 7 finance ministers met to discuss policy .
In early evening , they presented an action plan .
Long on promises .
Short on specifics .
The New York Times reported that : “ Many investors had hoped the ministers would ( propose ) more concrete steps ” and quoted Peterson Institute of International Economics deputy director , Adam Posen , saying : “ This fell short . ”
But he was n’t giving up entirely or saying what they have in mind or will later decide ca n’t work .
They agreed to :
— act decisively with all available tools to support financial institutions and prevent their failure ;
— unfreeze credit and money markets ; assure banks and other financial institutions “ have broad access to liquidity and funding ; ”
— ensure banks and financial intermediaries “ can raise ( sufficient ) capital from public ( and ) private sources ; ” to rebuild confidence and get them again lending to households and businesses ;
— ensure national deposit insurance protection is sound so people have confidence in the safety of their deposits ; and
— take appropriate action “ to restart the secondary markets for mortgages and other securitized assets ; ” assure accurate valuations and transparency according to “ high quality accounting standards . ”
Besides the US Treasury planning to “ buy equity in financial institutions , ” AP reported on October 12 that the 15 euro - zone countries will “ temporarily guarantee future bank debt to encourage lending …. for an interim period and on appropriate terms ” for up to five years .
Recapitalizing banks is part of the plan .
The hope is to unfreeze credit and get markets operating normally again .
According to The New York Times on October 12 , “ each country will announce concrete figures for the measures they expect to take individually . ”
Belgian finance minister Didier Reynders said “ There is no question of setting up a European fund . ”
A final proposal will be presented to the full 27 - member EU summit later in the week , and individual parliaments will have to vote on it .
Key to understand about whatever emerges in final details or any that follow – world governments will loot their treasuries to save powerful capital interests .
Despite bold pronouncements we can expect more of ahead , practically nothing will be done for many tens of millions of people globally in greatest need .
At best for them ….crumbs .
In the coming days and weeks , we ’ll see statements become policies and how world markets react .
Given the immensity of the crisis , no one ’s sure if anything can work .
Nor is it reassuring to hear George Bush say remain calm .
We ’ve got things under control .
On October 10 , the Dow dropped 300 points while he spoke .
In an October 13 Barron ’s interview , noted money manager Jeremy Grantham ( now age 70 ) was asked if he thought we ’d learn anything from the current crisis .
His response : “ an enormous amount in a very short time , quite a bit in the medium - term , and absolutely nothing in the long - term . ”
He ’s been bearish since last year but added that “ the fundamentals are turning out worse than ” he expected .
“ The terrible thing – after all this pain – is that the US equity market is not even cheap . ”
It was so high in 2000 that it has n’t come down to trend , but it ’s getting close .
However , “ the really bad news is that great bubbles in history always overcorrect . ”
He believes S & P 500 fair value is around 1025 compared to its 899.22 October 10 close .
But “ typically bubbles overcorrect by quite a bit , possibly by 20 % .
This is very discouraging , ” so he ’s not rushing to buy but he fears he ’ll act too soon .
He predicts a market low in 2010 .
Where he sees things going from here was also posed .
He ’s highly respected as an expert , and yet he emphasized “ how little ( he ) understand (s about ) all of the intricate workings of the global financial system .
( He ) hopes that someone else gets it , because ( he ) does n’t .
And ( he ) has no idea , really , how this will work out ….
( It ’s ) so intricate that all ( he ) can conclude , by instinct ( and from history ) , is that it will be longer , harder and more complicated than we expect . ”
Quite an assessment from a man called “ the philosopher king of Wall Street . ”
The Human Cost of Manufactured Crisis
Ordinary people are hit hardest .
Millions will suffer grievously for years as a result of this totally avoidable crisis .
Fraudsters who caused it are rewarded .
Innocent homeowners , households , and workers are punished .
Mercilessly .
The result :
— trillions of dollars lost ; likely trillions more ahead ;
— millions of lost homes , homeowners behind in their payments , or threatened with foreclosure in the worst housing crisis since the Great Depression ; ultimately may exceed it given current estimates of up to 10 million foreclosures before stability and recovery ;
— likely well over a million 2008 personal bankruptcies and much higher numbers in 2009 compared to 800,000 in 2007 and 573,000 in 2006 ; figures below the 2000 – 2005 1.5 million average before passage of the 2005 Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act ; according to Samuel Gerdano , American Bankruptcy Institute director , consumer over - indebtedness “ made worse by the home mortgage crisis ” is the problem ; it wo n’t likely recede in the near or intermediate - term ;
— rising unemployment ; not the spurious 6.1 % ; including discouraged workers and people working part - time who want ( but ca n’t find ) full - time jobs , economist John Williams puts the real figure above 12 % and rising ;
— consumer over - indebtedness ; maxed out on credit but needing more of it to survive ; and charged usurious rates to get it ;
— declining wages and benefits in the face of soaring expenses ; making it all the harder to cope ;
— food banks and homeless shelters facing increasing demands but forced to turn away people for lack of resources ; and
— things overall are worsening ; to the edge of the abyss according to some ; even the most optimistic fear what ’s coming ; who can know ; no one dares be complacent .
Whatever final policies emerge .
In whatever form they take .
Unless they address the human dimension , they ’ll do nothing for people in most need .
Growing millions .
Desperate and in trouble .
Their issue is economic and ethical .
The G - 7 statement addressed neither .
It dealt only with saving Wall Street .
Industrial capitalism .
A better idea is let them die and replace them with a new order .
A workable one .
Respecting people , not capital .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
While at the Detroit Auto Show I had the chance to meet GM's CEO Rick Wagoner in a group discussion with about ten journalists .
It sort of reminded me of the film Roger and Me , here I am some bumbling Michael Moore - type winding my way through months of effort to finally stand next to GM 's CEO , although in my case I was actually invited to do so .
We each had the chance to ask one question .
Here 's how mine went : Thank you .
Lets face it for a while you have to look at it as investment in the future and we spend R&D money every year and we spend on advanced engineering and advanced design .
I think in the very early stages you have to recognize that you have to invest and sometimes the investment cost is higher than the market will bear .
Obviously were hoping for and we will get some good government incentives to consumers for products like the Volt which will help to cover some of that cost shortfall .
The other thing is we have to work like crazy to get the cost down .
This is where if the EV market in the US grows very gradually it makes the risk of it being unsuccessful much greater than if it can grow rapidly .
If it grows rapidly you will see the suppliers investing and people putting R&D into the next generation technology , improving the manufacturing processes and being able to get the costs of the battery down much faster .
This is where proactive government policy in this area will make all the difference .
There 's a reason today why most of all of those lithium batteries that we use in our cellphones and computers come from Japan .
Its that when it was n't financially viable for private enterprise ( to manufacture them ) , their governments were supporting it 15 or 20 years ago .
We need to recognize in certain areas that proactive government engagement , clear directional policy , and in some cases support for R&D is going to be critical to move towards energy independence and leadership in battery technology .
Would n't it be a shame to go to this massive effort to shift reliance from oil to diversifying the use of batteries , and we wind up having to buy our batteries from somewhere else .
Say cheese !
The smiling shark whose ' Cheshire Cat ' grin won an international photography award
This award winning image shows the extraordinary moment when a lemon shark gazed into a lens with an apparent cheeky grin .
Showing a close - up of a lemon shark 's face on the surface at sunset , it was recently selected from more than 20,000 photos as winner of the Oceans division of the international Nature 's Best Photography 2008 Windland Smith Rice Awards .
Amateur photographer Bruce Yates , snapped the aptly named ' Cheshire Cat Grin ' photograph in July last year in the Bahamas .
Give us a smile :
The lemon shark gives a grin and picks up a Best Photography award for photographer Bruce Yates
54 - year - old Mr Yates , from Seattle , said : ' My wife and I were on a boat trip to see and dive with sharks in the northwest part of the Bahamas , in an expansive area many miles from land with relatively shallow water
' The shark was roughly eight feet long and only a few inches from my camera , ' describes Bruce , who snapped the creature on a 15 mm ' fish - eye ' lens .
Life through a lens : Photographer Bruce Yates
' However , I was not actually in the water for that photo - it was taken between dives when I was sitting on the back swim - step of the boat holding my camera partly submerged .
' Dozens of lemon sharks were around the boat vying for small bits of fish .
' I pre-set my camera 's shutter speed , aperture and strobe strength ( so the sunset would be visible in the background ) , and as sharks came near my camera , I shot dozens of photos in a ' burst ' .
' Although this particular photo makes it look like the shark is smiling , it is really just closing its mouth after trying to grab a bit of fish .
' It is an expression that I have never seen on a shark before , and I doubt I could get that shot again if I tried for the rest of my life . '
The lemon shark inhabits coastal inshore waters from around America , Brazil , America , the Caribbean , the Gulf of Mexico and other areas in the Atlantic .
Despite their large teeth , they represent a small threat to humans with only 10 unprovoked attacks recorded and no fatalities .
Bruce , who owns an investment management firm , first got into photography 15 years ago when he undertook a SCUBA diving course , and his passion for nature photography has led him to many remote parts of the world , from the Arctic Circle to the coral reefs of Indonesia .
Smile of the year : Steve Freligh ( right ) , publisher of Nature 's Best Photography , shakes hands with Bruce Yates
404
Sorry !
Page not found !
Sorry , the page you asked for could n’t be found .
If you ’re in denial and believe this is a conspiracy that can’t possibly be true , please try using our search form .

// Go to Homepage
Sports News // 2 months ago
U.S. Olympians improvise training during pandemic as Games postponed
Though COVID - 19 has denied the world 's premier athletes a chance to compete in the postponed Olympics in Japan , Team USA 's stars are adopting unorthodox ways to stay in shape while on the sidelines .
By By Richard van der Draay Jan 16 , 2009 in Health A shoe salesman in the Dutch town of Weert was bitten on the arm by a nude man who was carrying a trout in his hand at the time .
It must have been a bizarre experience for Robert van Dooren , salesperson at Bob ’s Adventure Store in Weert .
A twenty - five year old inhabitant of the southern Dutch town parked his bicycle against the shop front and entered the shoe shop , dressed only in a pair of shoes .
Van Dooren : “ He was n’t dressed properly for the season . ”
Not only that but he carried a raw trout from which he took bites every now and then .
Van Dooren asked the man whether he was cold but apparently this was not the case .
De shoe salesman informed two city guards who were on patrol .
Van Dooren thinks the sight of the guards in uniform caused the naked man to become agitated and he started pulling on one of the display racks in the shop .
Van Dooren wrestled the man onto the floor with the aid of one of the guards but the nude visitor bit him hard on the lower arm .
It turns out the man had escaped from a psychiatric institution .
He was calmed down by a doctor .
He is currently in a secured ward of a local hospital .
Charges have been made against him .
Guards on patrol held the assailant until police arrived and arrested him .
It must have been a bizarre experience for Robert van Dooren , salesperson at Bob ’s Adventure Store in Weert .
A twenty - five year old inhabitant of the southern Dutch town parked his bicycle against the shop front and entered the shoe shop , dressed only in a pair of shoes .
Van Dooren : “ He was n’t dressed properly for the season . ”
Not only that but he carried a raw trout from which he took bites every now and then .
Van Dooren asked the man whether he was cold but apparently this was not the case .
De shoe salesman informed two city guards who were on patrol .
Van Dooren thinks the sight of the guards in uniform caused the naked man to become agitated and he started pulling on one of the display racks in the shop .
Van Dooren wrestled the man onto the floor with the aid of one of the guards but the nude visitor bit him hard on the lower arm .
It turns out the man had escaped from a psychiatric institution .
He was calmed down by a doctor .
He is currently in a secured ward of a local hospital .
Charges have been made against him .
More about Attack , Naked , Trout More news from attack naked trout
This Account is Unavailable .
Contact your hosting provider for more information .
Not sure if anyone has ever included a dedication in the Frequently Asked Questions ’ section , but here goes :
To Therapist Bob
F.A.Q. ( that ’s Frequently Asked Questions for those of you suffering from A.C.D. ( Acronym Challenged Disorder ) )
1 . Why did you shift from political satire , Political Fallout , to straight humor on Say Something Funny ?
Funny you should ask ( not really , but I do have a fetish for clichéd transitions ) .
When a friend first asked me this question , I responded : “ Why play God ’s apprentice , when you can play God ? ”
Not that I think I ’m God or one of his messengers for that matter , but I started feeling like political satirists have become the ambulance - chasers of the humor world .
As a political satirist , my job consisted of waiting for politicians to screw up and / or Say Something Stupid , which happens approximately every 3.5 seconds – or half the time the average male entertains a sexual thought .
( Speaking of which … )
Besides , who would want to be god ’s apprentice or messenger anyhow ?
If you think God is going to step aside and let you step in , you are more delusional and narcissistic than the Big Guy himself .
( pause for Smote Break … )
Not to mention the average life expectancy for God ’s apprentices and messengers is somewhere between a politician screwing up and my last sexual thought .
Moreover , while writing straight journalism and political satire , both of which require research and facts , I developed an allergic reaction to the truth .
2 . Are you afraid of losing some of your fan base at your other site , Political Fallout ?
No .
Both my mother and her friend , Irene , assured me that they will support me in my new writing endeavor .
Granted , neither one of them owns a computer and Irene , who was my 90 - year old elementary school principal 30 years ago , still thinks a blog is a type of goiter .
3 . Why did you choose Say Something Funny as your site ’s name ?
Read debut post .
Although I did consider using Liquid Nose Blow and Irene ’s suggestion , Prune Juiced Rib Ticklers , but I chose to stick with S.S.F. ( the official acronym of Say Something Funny ) .
Are you sure the name Say Something Funny was not inspired by Patty Duke ’s 1965 hit song “ Say Something Funny ” ?
Indirectly , yes .
I chose SSF in orderf to take back Say Something Funny from Patty Duke .
There ’s nothing funny about a break - up song , wherein the leading man finds a new gal and has no choice but to dump his old steady in front of a bunch of onlookers .
Patty Duke – “ Say Something Funny ” ( Or not … )
When it comes to break - up songs playing in the backdrop of a dumping scene , I would take AC / DC ’s “ Highway to Hell ” and the Bee Gee ’s “ Tragedy ” any day — which were the first two cassette tapes I bought when cassettes first came out in the ‘ 70s .
Whether it was eclectic taste or prophetic foreboding , I have n’t yet decided , although I ’m leaning toward “ all of the above . ”
4 . What do the initials T.M. in your name stand for ?
Transcendental Masochist
5 . How much do you get paid for writing Say Something Funny ?
On a bad week : nothing .
On a good week : nearly twice as much as a bad week .
But if you ’re feeling guilty for exploiting a penniless blogger , feel FREE to click below and buy me a gift on my Amazon wish list :
T.M. Lindsey ’s Wish List
6 . Why would you keep writing if you do n’t make any money ?
See #
4
7. Boxers or briefs ?
Neither :
Who has the time for either one these days ?
8 . Do you have an agent ?
Not yet .
I ’m still waiting for the Federal Government to officially release Agent Orange from its top - secret files .
In the meantime , if you are an agent and have street cred in the humor writing market or you are an up - and - coming agent looking to hitch your prospects to yours truly , please contact me at saysomethingfunny@yahoo.com .
Some 800,000 head of cattle have been lost over the past year
Argentina has declared an agricultural emergency as it confronts one of the worst droughts in decades .
President Cristina Fernandez said the decree would defer tax payments for thousands of farmers for a year .
Farmers ' leaders had been calling for action to tackle the drought , which is estimated to have caused losses of at least $ 4bn ( £ 2.8 bn ) .
Argentina is one of the world 's biggest producers of soya , grains and beef but has been hit by falling demand .
Several regions of Argentina , including the provinces of Buenos Aires , Cordoba , La Pampa and Entre Rios , have been hit by the worst drought since at least 1971 , according to the country 's national weather service .
Since March last year , rainfall has been significantly below normal .
Among the effects , some 800,000 head of cattle have been lost , while in Entre Rios some 90 % of the wheat crop has been ruined .
Strained ties
The worst affected area is the Pampas region , where winds have been whipping up the dry soil and coating huge swathes of barren land .
ARGENTINA'S DROUGHT
BBC Weather Centre Under the emergency measures , producers who have lost at least half of their harvest or herd will be exempt from paying most taxes for a year .
" It is a great effort by all Argentines , because no other economic sector is receiving these type of benefits , " said President Fernandez as she announced the emergency decree .
President Fernandez has had a strained relationship with the farming sector , which last year staged months of protests forcing her government to back down on an increase on export taxes .
While her announcement could be seen as a rapprochement with the agricultural sector , she also made it clear that her government was not ceding easily to its demands , correspondents say .
" If hotel owners are struggling because the weather is bad and tourists do n't come , or if business is bad for restaurant owners , shopkeepers , or builders , there is no law that says they should n't pay taxes all year and can put it off to the following year . "
However , farmers ' leaders indicated the measures did not go far enough .
" The only thing this announcement achieves is to postpone the payment of taxes , and that is of no use to the farmer who has lost his entire crop , " Cristian Roca of the Argentine Agrarian Federation told BBC Mundo .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Inquiring minds have been asking for another housing update .
My previous update was was on February 15,2008 in Housing Bottom Nowhere in Sight .
I did not remember Bernanke 's comments at the time but looking back now they sure seem funny .
CNBC is reporting Bernanke Expects Housing Recovery by Year End .
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke told lawmakers Tuesday he expects the downtrodden U.S. housing sector to improve by the end of the year , a senator who participated in the closed - door meeting said .
" He let us believe that the housing situation should begin to ameliorate by the end of the year , " said Sen .
Pete Domenici , a New Mexico Republican , told reporters .
Flashback March 26 2005
Ron Shuffield , president of Esslinger - Wooten - Maxwell Realtors says that " South Florida is working off of a totally new economic model than any of us have ever experienced in the past . "
He predicts that a limited supply of land coupled with demand from baby boomers and foreigners will prolong the boom indefinitely .
" I just do n't think we have what it takes to prick the bubble , " said Diane C. Swonk , chief economist at Mesirow Financial in Chicago , who was an optimist during the 90's .
" I do n't think prices are going to fall , and I do n't think they 're even going to be flat . "
Gregory J. Heym , the chief economist at Brown Harris Stevens , is not sold on the inevitability of a downturn .
He bases his confidence in the market on things like continuing low mortgage rates , high Wall Street bonuses and the tax benefits of home ownership .
" It is a new paradigm " he said .
Flashback October 27 , 2005
Ben S. Bernanke does not think the national housing boom is a bubble that is about to burst , he indicated to Congress last week , just a few days before President Bush nominated him to become the next chairman of the Federal Reserve .
U.S. house prices have risen by nearly 25 percent over the past two years , noted Bernanke , currently chairman of the president 's Council of Economic Advisers , in testimony to Congress 's Joint Economic Committee .
But these increases , he said , " largely reflect strong economic fundamentals , " such as strong growth in jobs , incomes and the number of new households .
What The US Can Learn From Japan
Click On Any Chart In The Set For Sharper Image
Exhibit 1 . US Housing Price Futures Moving Closer to the Japanese Experience
Exhibit 4 . Cumulative Capital Losses on Shares and Land since 1990 Reached $ 15 Trillion or 3 Years Worth of Japan ’s GDP
Exhibit 5 . Balance Sheet Problems Forced Japanese Businesses to Pay Down Debt even with Zero Interest Rates
Exhibit 6 . Japan ’s GDP Grew even after Massive Loss of Wealth and Private Sector Rushing to Pay Down Debt
Exhibit 23 .
US Interest Rates Took 30 Years to Return to Their 1920s Level
Balance Sheets and Paying Down Debt
The lessons of Japan 's stumbling path out of deflation and recession suggest that government spending can help stave off an extended recession , but it may take years not months and require an unlikely combination of political will and consensus .
That 'll be a lot of bridges to nowhere .
Government spending can break the cycle .
Not tax cuts , which will only go to pay down debt or are saved into a banking system that is n't working , but actual bricks and mortar .
Think the New Deal 's Works Progress Administration supersized or Japan building highways and bridges over seemingly every river , stream and rivulet .
" It was the fiscal stimulus that actually helped end the Great Depression , not the monetary policy , " said Richard Koo , Tokyo - based chief economist at Nomura Research Institute and author of The Holy Grail of Macroeconomics : Lessons from Japan 's Great Recession .
" I do n't think it will be over quickly .
I am recommending at least three to five years seamless medium - term fiscal stimulus measures to give enough time for the private sector to repair its balance sheet . "
Three to five years is an eternity in political life .
It is an absolute sure thing that incoming President Barack Obama will design and implement a pretty chunky fiscal stimulus package even if President Bush does not pass one in his waning days in office .
But think about how difficult it will be to maintain both the will and power to maintain a huge borrow and spend programme for several years .
Koo thinks that Japan , which was facing a far more serious destruction of assets , derailed its recovery with premature fiscal reform .
" If we had known in advance that this kind of recession will never be over until private balance sheets are repaired and fiscal stimulus is needed to keep the economy growing , we could have done it in seven or eight years perhaps instead of 15 , " he said .
Near zero interest rates were ineffective in Japan because people and business refused to borrow , continuing to pay down debt to repair balance sheets that had been hurt badly by the fall in the value of assets like stock holdings and real estate .
OO has contributed many big and important innovations to programming .
Among these , the foremost is that you write functions after rather than before their argument .
No , really .
It ’s not just OO languages of course .
Concatenative languages do the same thing .
There ’s a long history of mathematicians doing it as well ( though we do n’t like to talk about them .
The cool mathematicians all write their functions on the left ) .
It ’s funny how attached people get to this fact though .
Consider the following piece of Scala code :
object StringUtils{ /** * Trims whitespace from the end of s. */ def rtrim(s : String ) = ... }
We can invoke this as StringUtils.rtrim ( myString ) .
Or if we import StringUtils , just rtrim ( myString ) ;
People get very upset if you ask them to do so though , and they go to all sorts of lengths to avoid it .
Consider the following three examples from different languages :
Scala : object StringUtils{ implicit def string2RTrim(s : String ) = new { def rtrim = ... ; } } Ruby : class String def rtrim ... end end C# : class StringUtils{ public static String rtrim ( this String s ) { ... } }
What do these achieve over the previous version ?
Simple : You can write myString.rtrim instead of rtrim ( myString ) .
That ’s it .
( Actually the Ruby and Scala versions both * can * allow you to do different things than that .
It ’s just that here and in 90 % of the use cases they are n’t used for anything else .
The C# version literally does n’t do anything else ) .
The thing is , while I ’m making fun of this to a certain degree , it ’s actually a perfectly reasonable thing to want to do .
Designing things in noun-verb order is a good principle of UI design , and it works for programming as well .
Things chain better – when you want to add new functions to a pipeline you add them at the point your cursor is naturally at and it matches well with thinking of it as a pipeline of “ take this thing , do this to it , do that to it , do this other thing to it , get this value out ” .
Also you write far fewer brackets . :-) ( compare Haskell ’s foo .
bar . baz $ thing idiom for a similar bracket avoidance tool ) .
Of these , I ’d say that the Ruby solution is the most obvious ( it just uses the fact that classes are open to add a new method to String ) , but it comes with the possibility of amusingly non-obvious runtime errors when someone else defines a conflicting method .
The C# solution seems the best to me – it ’s relatively little overhead over writing the utility method as you would otherwise and comes with the option to invoke it either as myString.rtrim or StringUtils.rtrim( myString ) , so when namespacing conflicts inevitably occur you have an easy fallback .
But of course it uses a language feature specifically added to do this , while the other two are functions of more general language features .
The Scala solution is , to my mind , decidedly the worst of the three .
It ’s syntactically noisy and comes with a significant additional runtime overhead .
But honestly I ’m not particularly happy with any of these solutions .
The Scala and Ruby solutions come with disproportionate costs to the benefit they give and the C# solution requires an additional language feature .
Moreoever , each of these solutions requires effort at each definition site in order to make something available that you always want at the use site .
Would n’t it be better if for every utility function you automatically had the option to write it on the right ?
Let ’s take a digression .
What language is the following ( rather pointless ) code written in ?
[ 1 , 2 , 3 ] .sort.
length
Ruby , right ?
Actually , no .
It ’s Haskell .
Wait , what ?
Well , it ’s Haskell if you do something slightly evil and redefine the (. ) operator ( which normally means composition ) :
Prelude Data .
List > let (. ) x f = f x
Prelude Data.List > [ 1 , 2 , 3] .sort.
length
3
I saw this trick a while ago ( the author was amusingly apologetic for it ) .
It ’s evil Haskell code because of the way it redefines an operator that normally means something else ( this is totally typesafe of course – existing code will continue to use the old operator definition ) .
But it ’s a perfectly valid operator definition , and a rather nice one .
It works well with additional arguments to functions too :
Prelude Data.List > [ 1 , 2 , 3].sortBy ( compare ) .
length
3
The reason this works is that sortBy takes the list argument curried as its last argument , so sortBy ( compare ) gives something of type [ Int ] ->
[ Int ] which we can then apply as above ( Haskell ’s precedence rules make this work ) .
So this is a nice trick , but how is it useful to you ?
Well , it ’s probably not .
I ca n’t think of any low noise way of making it work in any of the other languages mentioned so far ( the best I can come up with is an evil evil hack in Ruby that would make god go on a kitten killing spree and a mildly nasty hack with operators and implicit conversions in Scala that ’s much too noisy to really use ) , and using it in Haskell will make other Haskell programmers very unhappy with you .
But it ’s an interesting trick , and I ’ll be sure to bear it in mind if I ever get around to creating DRMacIverLang .
The Nedelin catastrophe or Nedelin disaster was a launch pad accident that occurred on 24 October 1960 , at Baikonur Cosmodrome during the development of the Soviet R - 16 ICBM .
As a prototype of the missile was being prepared for a test flight , it exploded on the launch pad when its second stage motors ignited prematurely , killing many military personnel , engineers , and technicians working on the project .
The official death toll was 90 , but estimates are as high as 200 , with 120 being the generally accepted figure .
Despite the magnitude of the disaster , news of it was covered up for many years by the Soviet government and did not emerge until the 1990s .
Strategic Rocket Forces Marshal Mitrofan Nedelin , the commander of the R - 16 development program , was among those killed in the explosion and fire .
Background : Chief Marshal of Artillery Mitrofan NedelinDesigned by experienced rocket scientist Mikhail Yangel , the R - 16 development program was commanded by Strategic Rocket Forces Marshal Mitrofan Ivanovich Nedelin .
In October 1960 the rocket was nearing completion , and Yangel and Nedelin hoped to produce a successful launch before the 7 November anniversary of the Bolshevik Revolution .
A prototype of the rocket was ready on the launchpad at Site - 41 at Baikonur Cosmodrome , and the numerous tests that had to be undertaken before launch were commenced without delay .
23 October : On 23 October , the R - 16 rocket prototype was on the launching pad awaiting final tests before its firing .
The rocket was fueled with Devil 's Venom — hypergolic UDMH - nitric acid — which is used in rocketry despite the fact that it is an extremely corrosive and toxic binary fuel that produces poisonous gas when burned .
These risks were accounted for in the safety procedures in preparing the rocket for launching , but , late that day , technicians accidentally ruptured the pyrotechnic membranes of the first - stage fuel lines and allowed the fuel into the combustion chamber .
Although that was not immediately dangerous , the fuel 's nitric acid component was so corrosive it could not be in the fuel lines for more than two days without seriously damaging the R - 16 rocket .
Thus , the rocket team had either to launch the next day or drain the fuel from the rocket and then rebuild the engine , and so delay the program several weeks .
The rocketeers decided to fire the rocket and accelerated preparations .
Several other rocket components were tested that day and either replaced or adjusted per procedure .
Nedelin notified military dignitaries of the launch so they could go to the site and see it .
24 October : Site 41 after the catastrophic R16 rocket 's explosion .
On 24 October launching preparations continued .
So much work remained that some procedures were performed simultaneously .
Nedelin , impatient with the delay , left the military dignitaries in the observation post and returned to the launching pad to oversee the preparations of the rocket ; he set a chair beside it .
In the course of the pre-launching operations , a Programmable Current Distributor ( PCD ) was left set to the post - launch setting ; it should have been re-set to the pre-launch setting — from which it would issue timed electrical commands to the rocket to rupture the appropriate pyrotechnic membranes and coordinate the engine firing and stage separation .
Later , an engineer noticed the PCD had not been re-set to zero and so he did it .
However , the rocket ’s on - board batteries had been powered and connected , and the safety blocks had been disabled in the course of testing .
The re-setting of the PCD opened the pyrotechnic valves and fired the second stage engines of the rocket .
The second stage engines fired immediately .
The flames cut into the first - stage fuel tanks below and they exploded .
Automatically - activated cinema cameras set around the launching pad filmed the explosion .
People near the rocket were instantly incinerated ; those farther away were burned to death or poisoned by the resulting toxic gases .
Andrei Sakharov described many details — as soon as the engines were fired , most of the personnel there ran to the perimeter but were trapped in it by the security fence and then engulfed in the fireball of burning fuel .
Nedelin and 125 other rocket personnel were killed , but Yangel survived .
He had left the area to smoke a cigarette , where he and the chief technicians discussed possibly abandoning the rocket launching .
Eighty - four soldiers and officers were buried in a common grave in the Leninsk town park .
Aftermath : The remains of the R - 16 rocket prototypeComplete secrecy was immediately imposed on the events of 24 October by Nikita Khrushchev .
A news release stated that Nedelin had died in a plane crash , and the families of the other engineers were advised to say their loved ones had died of the same cause .
Khrushchev also ordered Leonid Brezhnev to assemble a commission and head to the launch site to investigate .
Among other things , the commission found that many more people were present on the launch pad than should have been — most were supposed to be safely offsite in bunkers .
According to Sergei Khrushchev , Brezhnev had insisted that the commission did not intend to punish anyone , explaining that " The guilty have already been punished " .
After the question to Yangel asked by Nikita Khrushchev " But why have you survived ? " ( А ты почему остался жив ? )
Yangel answered in a trembling voice - " Walked away for a smoke .
It 's all my fault " ( « Отошел покурить .
Во всем виноват я » ) .
Later he suffered an infarction and was out of work for months . [ 1 ]
After the committee presented their report , the R - 16 rocket program was resumed in January 1961 with its first successful flight that November .
The delay to the R - 16 spurred the USSR on toward the development of more effective ICBMs and sparked Khruschev 's decision to install IRBMs in Cuba .
Before the disaster Yangel had ambitions to challenge Sergei Korolev as leader of the Manned Space program , but he was directed to focus on the R - 16.
A memorial to the dead was erected near Baikonur and is still visited by RKA officials before any manned launch .
Dear Mr Editor , That Jacqui Smith is doing a fabulous job , her HUSBAND writes to newspaper
Proud : Richard kisses wife Jacqui after she won Redditch in 1997
Home Secretary Jacqui Smith ’s husband has been unmasked as the author of a letter - writing campaign defending the Government to her local newspaper – without revealing that they are married .
Richard Timney has had a series of angry letters published in the Redditch Advertiser in Worcestershire attacking the Tories over schools and backing Ms Smith ’s controversial identity - cards plan .
But he conveniently neglected to point out that his wife Ms Smith , 46 , MP for the marginal seat of Redditch and a former Schools Minister , was responsible for both policies .
Nor did he say that he is paid £ 40,000 a year as her Commons adviser .
Mr Timney ’s latest letter , published on December 8 , laid into the Conservatives over ID cards .
‘ If the Tories were serious about protecting Britain ’s borders , they would be supporting ID cards – not standing on street stalls campaigning against them , ’ he raged .
‘ The national identity scheme will deliver a single secure form of identity which will provide all of us with an easy and convenient means of proving our identity , prevent and protect us from identity theft and fraud , reassure us all that workers in positions of trust are who they say they are , protect the country from illegal immigration and make it harder for criminals to use false or multiple identities .
‘ The Conservatives have made the wrong decision again ! ’
Mr Timney gave up his job as a civil engineer to bring up the couple ’s two children when Ms Smith became an MP in 1997 and is now described as her ‘ senior researcher / parliamentary assistant ’ .
In another letter , he mocked former Tory leader Michael Howard after he visited Redditch .
‘ Michael Howard was pictured on your front page grinning away in Redditch with his candidate for the General Election , ’ he wrote .
In one letter , Mr Timney mocked former Tory leader Michael Howard
‘ Mr Howard is old enough to qualify for a free bus pass if he lived in Redditch .
Unfortunately his candidate for the General Election Karen Lumley voted to scrap them .
I do n’t know what they think they ’ve got to grin about . ’
Another time , he leapt to the defence of his wife over a controversial local road scheme .
He referred to her by her Christian name , though did not explain why , and launched a ferocious attack on Tory John Maples , MP for nearby Stratford - on - Avon , and a local Conservative councillor .
‘ Jacqui Smith has always supported the need for a bypass for Studley – she still does , ’ he wrote .
‘ In 1996 , the Conservatives decided to pull the plug on the scheme .
Then the new Labour administration confirmed the decision not to fund the bypass in
1998 and Jacqui decided the quickest way to provide relief for Studley was to pursue a simpler solution .
‘ It is a shame that Tories like John Maples MP and councillor Antonia Pulsford have tried to say it is the Labour Government that has ended the chances of the scheme ever being built when the plain fact is it was the Conservative Government ’s decision in 1996 that was the beginning of the end for the plans .
‘ It has taken a Labour Government to provide the clarity people and businesses along the route need . ’
Ms Smith ’s majority of 2,716 at Redditch in the last General Election has led to it being identified as one of the Tories ’ top target seats .
Tory MP Greg Hands said : ‘ Things must be bad for the Home Secretary .
After allowing police to arrest an Opposition MP and after fiddling knife crime figures , she is left with so few friends she has been reduced to using her husband as a cheerleader . ’
Ms Smith ’s spokeswoman said : ‘ Richard is very proud of Jacqui and he is well known in Redditch .
‘ He has never concealed his connection to her . ’
Redditch Advertiser editor Alan Wallcroft said : ‘ Mr Timney can write to us like any other member of the public . ’
Geelong Advertiser -- January 9 , 2009 -- Geelong Trades
Hall secretary Tim Gooden has backed calls for the Rudd Government to cut ties with Israel over the current crisis in the Gaza Strip .
In a letter headed Trade Unionists for Palestine , Mr Gooden and other prominent unionists have called on the Rudd Government to denounce ``the latest Israeli aggression against Gaza ' ' .
The signatories include the state president of the Tertiary Education Union , Dr James Doughney , AMWU state secretary Steve Dargeval , the assistant secretary of the Communications , Electrical and Plumbing Union Burt Blackburne .
The group called on the ACTU and regional trades and labour councils to : DEMAND the Rudd Government sever all ties with Israel ; and GIVE full support to the protest movement in Australia against the Israeli aggression .
The letter makes no mention of rocket attacks on Israel by Hamas militants .
Asked about this , Mr Gooden said he did not condone the rocket attacks , but said the Israeli response was out of proportion .
`` If people in Geelong were firing rockets into Melbourne I would hardly expect them to wipe out half of Geelong trying to find them , '' Mr Gooden said .
`` I know it goes back 50 years and there 's a lot more to it ... but they 've just created a whole heap of new suicide bombers after killing all those children .
``No one condones what Hamas does , and there are plenty of Muslims that are opposed to fundamentalism , the same as there are a lot of Israelis that are against the war as well . ''
While Mr Gooden said there were promising signs of a truce , there was also a need to solve the suffering of the Palestinian people in Gaza which had been under lock - down for two years . ''
Download a copy of the petition here .
Send completed petitions to Tim Gooden at Geelong Trades Hall Council ( 127 Myers Street , Geelong , Victoria , Australia , 3220 ; Fax 03 5223 1115 ) and Ema Corro ( at 0406 402 401 )
See calls by Palestinain trade unionists for sanctions , boycott 's and divestment from apartheid Israel HERE .
Petition : Stop Israel ’s aggression against Gaza !
We , the undersigned trade unionists , call on the Rudd government to denounce the latest Israeli aggression against Gaza , and to cut all economic , diplomatic , cultural and political ties with the Israeli state until this aggression and the Israeli siege of Gaza ends [ see below for fact sheet ] .
We also call on the Australian Council of Trade Unions and State , Territory and regional trades and labour councils to :
1.Demand that the Rudd government adopt this approach towards the Israeli attack on Gaza ;
2. Give full organisational and financial support to the protest movement in Australia against the Israeli aggression .
LEAD SIGNATORIES
( Positions for identification purposes only )
Dr James Doughney , Victorian State President , National Tertiary Education Union
Tim Gooden , Secretary , Geelong Trades Hall Council
Steve Dargeval , Victorian State Secretary , Australian Manufacturing Workers Union
Burt Blackburne , National Assistant Secretary , Communications Division , Communications , Electrical and Plumbing Union
Col Cooper , former National President , Communications Division , Communications , Electrical and Plumbing Union
John Parker , Secretary , Gippsland Trades and Labour Council
John Cleary , former State Councillor , Southern States Branch , Electrical Trades Union
Joan Doyle , Victorian Branch Secretary , Postal and Telecommunications Division , Communications , Electrical and Plumbing Union
What are the facts about Israel 's attack on Gaza ?
1 . Over 400 people have already been killed and Israel is committed to continuing the mass murder .
( If Gaza , with its population of 1.5 million , were Australia , population 21.5 million , that would be 5700 dead . )
With Israeli elections due in two months , all Israeli leaders are competing over who is the toughest and who is ready to kill more in Gaza .
2 . Most of those killed have been civilians .
The figure of 60 civilians which has been given out is nonsense , based on the exclusion of all male victims from the dead .
Over 1000 people have been injured , many of them seriously , with loss of limbs , eyes etc .
4. Despite letting in a little aid one day this week , Israel is maintaining the most severe blockade seen anywhere in the world for over 50 years , which starves Gaza of food , medical supplies , water , fuel and other essential resources .
5. United Nations commissioner - general , Karen AbuZayd , says the situation in the region is desperate : " There 's no fuel , there 's no power plant , there 's no electricity working now . "
6. Medical services in Gaza , already depleted by the Israeli siege over the last year , are close to collapse , with doctors and nurses only able to deal with the most serious cases , many injured left to die in hospital corridors , the morgues full and ambulances not working for lack of fuel and spare parts .
7 . The UN , on which under the Israeli siege most people in Gaza depend for food , has stopped distributing food because its agencies have run out of fuel for vehicles .
Nine out of ten Gazans live below the poverty line , with many families forced to eat grass to survive .
8 . The infrastructure in many areas has been so destroyed that residents have no access to water or electricity .
The UN says the Israeli blockade has resulted in Palestinians receiving running water only once every five to seven days
9 . Israel is in breach of many Geneva Conventions and international laws amounting to war crimes , including wilful killing , extensive destruction of property not justified by military necessity and collective punishment .
Israel is only able to act in this barbaric manner because of the support it gets from governments who habitually turn a blind eye to its war crimes .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Happy cows produce more milk , according to researchers at Newcastle University .
Cattle that are named and treated with a " more personal touch " can increase milk yields by up to 500 pints a year .
The study , by the university 's School of Agriculture , Food and Rural Development , involved 516 farmers across the UK .
Published in the journal Anthrozoos , the study found farmers who named their cows gained a higher yield than the 54 % that did not give their cattle names .
Dairy farmer Dennis Gibb , who co-owns Eachwick Red House Farm outside Newcastle with his brother Richard , said he believed treating every cow as an individual was " vitally important " .
' Own personality '
" They are n't just our livelihood , they 're part of the family , " he said .
" We love our cows here at Eachwick and every one of them has a name .
" Collectively we refer to them as ' our ladies ' but we know every one of them and each one has her own personality . "
Dr Catherine Douglas , who led the research , said : " What our study shows is what many good , caring farmers have long since believed .
" Our data suggests that , on the whole , UK dairy farmers regard their cows as intelligent beings capable of experiencing a range of emotions .
" Placing more importance on knowing the individual animals and calling them by name can , at no extra cost to the farmer , also significantly increase milk production . "
In previous columns and in a recent book I have argued that higher education , properly understood , is distinguished by the absence of a direct and designed relationship between its activities and measurable effects in the world .
This is a very old idea that has received periodic re-formulations .
Here is a statement by the philosopher Michael Oakeshott that may stand as a representative example : “ There is an important difference between learning which is concerned with the degree of understanding necessary to practice a skill , and learning which is expressly focused upon an enterprise of understanding and explaining . ”
Understanding and explaining what ?
The answer is understanding and explaining anything as long as the exercise is not performed with the purpose of intervening in the social and political crises of the moment , as long , that is , as the activity is not regarded as instrumental – valued for its contribution to something more important than itself .
This view of higher education as an enterprise characterized by a determined inutility has often been challenged , and the debates between its proponents and those who argue for a more engaged university experience are lively and apparently perennial .
The question such debates avoid is whether the Oakeshottian ideal ( celebrated before him by Aristotle , Kant and Max Weber , among others ) can really flourish in today ’s educational landscape .
It may be fun to argue its merits ( as I have done ) , but that argument may be merely academic – in the pejorative sense of the word – if it has no support in the real world from which it rhetorically distances itself .
In today ’s climate , does it have a chance ?
In a new book , “ The Last Professors : The Corporate University and the Fate of the Humanities , ” Frank Donoghue ( as it happens , a former student of mine ) asks that question and answers “ No . ”
Donoghue begins by challenging the oft - repeated declaration that liberal arts education in general and the humanities in particular face a crisis , a word that suggests an interruption of a normal state of affairs and the possibility of restoring the natural order of things .
“ Such a vision of restored stability , ” says Donoghue , “ is a delusion ” because the conditions to which many seek a return – healthy humanities departments populated by tenure - track professors who discuss books with adoring students in a cloistered setting – have largely vanished .
Except in a few private wealthy universities ( functioning almost as museums ) , the splendid and supported irrelevance of humanist inquiry for its own sake is already a thing of the past .
In “ two or three generations , ” Donoghue predicts , “ humanists . . . will become an insignificant percentage of the country ’s university instructional workforce . ”
How has this happened ?
According to Donoghue , it ’s been happening for a long time , at least since 1891 , when Andrew Carnegie congratulated the graduates of the Pierce College of Business for being “ fully occupied in obtaining a knowledge of shorthand and typewriting ” rather than wasting time “ upon dead languages . ”
Industrialist Richard Teller Crane was even more pointed in his 1911 dismissal of what humanists call the “ life of the mind . ”
No one who has “ a taste for literature has the right to be happy ” because “ the only men entitled to happiness . . . are those who are useful . ”
The opposition between this view and the view held by the heirs of Matthew Arnold ’s conviction that poetry will save us could not be more stark .
But Donoghue counsels us not to think that the two visions are locked in a struggle whose outcome is uncertain .
One vision , rooted in an “ ethic of productivity ” and efficiency , has , he tells us , already won the day ; and the proof is that in the very colleges and universities where the life of the mind is routinely celebrated , the material conditions of the workplace are configured by the business model that scorns it .
The best evidence for this is the shrinking number of tenured and tenure - track faculty and the corresponding rise of adjuncts , part - timers more akin to itinerant workers than to embedded professionals .
Humanities professors like to think that this is a temporary imbalance and talk about ways of redressing it , but Donoghue insists that this development , planned by no one but now well under way , can not be reversed .
Universities under increasing financial pressure , he explains , do not “ hire the most experienced teachers , but rather the cheapest teachers . ”
Tenured and tenure - track teachers now make up only 35 percent of the pedagogical workforce and “ this number is steadily falling . ”
Once adjuncts are hired to deal with an expanding student body ( and the student body is always expanding ) , budgetary planners find it difficult to dispense with the savings they have come to rely on ; and “ as a result , an adjunct workforce , however imperceptible its origins . . . has now mushroomed into a significant fact of academic life . ”
What is happening in traditional universities where the ethos of the liberal arts is still given lip service is the forthright policy of for - profit universities , which make no pretense of valuing what used to be called the “ higher learning . ”
John Sperling , founder of the group that gave us Phoenix University , is refreshingly blunt : “ Coming here is not a rite of passage .
We are not trying to develop value systems or go in for that ‘ expand their minds ’ ” nonsense .
The for - profit university is the logical end of a shift from a model of education centered in an individual professor who delivers insight and inspiration to a model that begins and ends with the imperative to deliver the information and skills necessary to gain employment .
In this latter model , the mode of delivery – a disc , a computer screen , a video hook - up – does n’t matter so long as delivery occurs .
Insofar as there are real - life faculty in the picture , their credentials and publications ( if they have any ) are beside the point , for they are just “ delivery people . ”
Sperling understands the difficulty of achieving accreditation for his institution as a proxy “ for cultural battles between defenders of 800 years of educational ( and largely religious ) traditions , and innovation that was based on the ideas of the marketplace – transparency , efficiency , productivity and accountability . ”
Those ideas have now triumphed ( Carnegie and Crane are victorious ) , and this means , Donoghue concludes , “ that all fields deemed impractical , such as philosophy , art history , and literature , will henceforth face a constant danger of being deemed unnecessary . ”
And as a corollary “ professors will come to be seen by everyone ( not just those outside the academy ) as unaffordable anomalies . ”
In his preface , Donoghue tells us that he will “ offer nothing in the way of uplifting solutions to the problems [ he ] describes . ”
In the end , however , he ca n’t resist recommending something and he advises humanists to acquire “ a thorough familiarity with how the university works , ” for “ only by studying the institutional histories of scholarly research , of tenure , of academic status , and . . . of the ever - changing college curriculum , can we prepare ourselves for the future . ”
But – and this is to his credit – he does n’t hold out the slightest hope that this future we may come to understand will have a place in it for us .
People sometimes believe that they were born too late or too early .
After reading Donoghue ’s book , I feel that I have timed it just right , for it seems that I have had a career that would not have been available to me had I entered the world 50 years later .
Just lucky , I guess .
It ’s tough work running an indie label , or any kind of label , in these cash - strapped times .
Sales of CDs are falling dramatically , albums are constantly leaking online , and the recession is undoubtedly making people think twice before splashing out on an album .
With this in mind , indie label Asthmatic Kitty has decided to unveil a dramatic new pricing structure , which is partly based on Radiohead ’s model for In Rainbows .
The first album subjected to Asthmatic Kitty ’s unique experiment is Ropechain by Grampall Jookabox , which will sell for a meager $ 5.40 during its first 54 hours of sale .
The label has determined this figure by consulting Pitchfork ’s review of Ropechain , which gave the album a score of 5.4 , and adjusting the cost accordingly .
Yes folks , we have now entered an era where critics are determining how much money you will lay out for an album .
" Pitchfork ’s ten point scoring system , along with their infamous one decimal point makes them the ideal choice for a dry run with this experimental pricing structure .
It just makes dollars and sense , " said Asthmatic Kitty A&R man Michael Kaufmann .
The band has even made a video to reflect this unique pricing structure ( see below ) .
If the idea catches on , music fans will presumably start hoping their favorite albums get panned in the media .
Meanwhile , critics who offer consistently high scores may face accusations of bribery from labels who are looking to make a fast buck .
I would just like to clarify that I am open to all bribes and corruption , and am happy to award the new Jack Johnson album a 10.0 score if his label is willing to pay me off .
Abstract
We present a static and dynamic semantics for an abstract machine that evaluates expressions of a polymorphic programming language .
Unlike traditional semantics , our abstract machine exposes many important issues of memory management , such as value sharing and control representation .
We prove the soundness of the static semantics with respect to the dynamic semantics using traditional techniques .
We then show how these same techniques may be used to establish the soundness of various memory management strategies , including type - based , tag - free garbage collection ; tailcall elimination ; and environment strengthening .
1 Introduction Type theory and operational semantics are remarkably effective tools for programming language design and implementation [ 28 , 13 ] .
An important and influential example is provided by The Definition of Standard ML ( SML ) [ 28 ] .
The static semantics of SML is specified as a collection of elaboration rules that defines the context - sensitive constraints on the forma .
..
Two Egyptian children injured by Israeli bombs with another 29 Palestinians killed in Gaza
Another 29 Palestinians were killed today as Israel continued its offensive through the Gaza Strip .
Two other countries were pulled into the fighting on Sunday , with shots fired at Israeli army engineers working on the frontier fence from Syria , and two Egyptian children and two police officers wounded by shrapnel from Israeli bombs near a crossing point at Egypt 's border with the Gaza Strip .
The Palestinian death - toll now stands at 874 casualties after 16 days of fighting , as the Israeli forces edge into the Gaza Strip 's most populous area .
Smoke rises following an Israeli missile strike in the east of Gaza City today
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert said was close to achieving its aims as thick black smoke rose over the city , despite international calls for a ceasefire .
Medical workers said about half the Palestinians killed on Sunday were civilians .
' Israel is getting close to achieving the goals it set for itself , ' Olmert told his cabinet in Jerusalem , giving no timeframe for an end to a campaign launched with the declared aim of ending Hamas rocket attacks .
' But patience , determination and effort are still needed to realise these goals in a manner that will change the security situation in the south . '
The children , aged two and five , and the two officers were the first Egyptians to be wounded by Israeli bombs since the Israeli offensive against Gaza began .
They were taken to hospitals in el - Arish .
There were no details of the gravity of their injuries .
A Palestinian boy inspects a destroyed building following an Israeli air strike on Gaza
Witnesses said Egyptian houses near the border and government offices at the crossing were damaged by shrapnel on Sunday .
Israel has expanded its air campaign to the southern Gaza Strip , aiming at smuggling tunnels running under the border with Egypt , a network that is Gaza 's lifeline to the outside world .
Israel says militants use the tunnels to smuggle weapons into Gaza .
One Egyptian border guard has been killed and two have been wounded in clashes with Palestinians trying to enter Egypt since the Israeli offensive began .
Israeli warplanes have also been flying over Egyptian territory during their bombing runs along the border between Gaza and Egypt .
The witnesses , who have spent many hours close to the Rafah crossing point between Egypt and Gaza , said they had seen the Israeli planes fly over on several occasions , often at such low altitude that it was clear they were over Egyptian territory .
An Israeli soldier looks out from an armoured personnel carrier as smoke rises across the border above the northern Gaza Strip
The three witnesses , who are not involved in the conflict , said they wanted to remain anonymous because of the sensitivity of the matter .
The Egyptian government has faced a barrage of criticism for cooperating with Israel in the blockade of Gaza over the past six months .
An Israeli military spokesman had no immediate comment .
Egyptian Defence Ministry officials either were unavailable or had no comment on the reports , and it was not clear if Israel was giving Egypt any warning of the flights .
Under the peace treaty which Egypt and Israel signed in 1979 , Israel has the right to fly combat planes up to the international border , while Egyptian combat planes cannot fly east of a zone which covers roughly the western third of the Sinai peninsula .
Palestinians react after hearing news that their mother has been killed in Israeli shelling in Beit Lahiya , northern Gaza Strip
The Israeli army said troops in the Golan Heights came under small arms fire from Syria on Sunday and that , although no one was hurt , it had complained to the United Nations force that monitors the frontier area .
' There were a number of bullets fired from Syria at an Israeli army force doing engineering work near the fence , ' an army spokesman said of the incident , which came amid an Israeli offensive in the Gaza Strip that has outraged many Arabs .
' No one was hurt but a vehicle was damaged , ' the spokesman added .
' Forces in the field are examining the incident and a complaint was sent to UNDOF which sent a team there .
The circumstances of the incident are still unclear .'
' I think we 're in for the long run , ' Ms Eisen said .
' I do n't think we can do it quickly .
We are not looking for a quick fix but for something that is workable , long - lasting and beneficial for the people on both sides .
' We feel that if we cut and get out now , we 'll have achieved nothing .
There may be occasional lulls and intensifications but the military operation will continue at its current level until the agreement is reached . '
Palestinians gather next to a building used by Hamas after it was hit in an Israeli missile strike in the Zeitun neighborhood in Gaza City - 30 nearby civilians were killed by this strike
Gaza City is nearly obscured by the smoke from Israeli shelling and other military operations
Friday saw the opening of talks brokered by Egypt , with the arrival in Cairo of teams from Israel , Hamas and the Palestinian Authority , the semi-autonomous body still responsible for the West Bank , which was overthrown in Gaza by a Hamas coup in 2007 .
However , yesterday the teams did not meet .
Ms Eisen said : ' They had a day off . '
She said Israel was aware of the mounting international pressure to stop the bloodshed .
But it could not accept last week 's UN ceasefire resolution because it ' did not address any of the fundamental issues ' that Israel sought to resolve .
Yesterday saw an escalation from both sides , as the Gazan death toll reached 820 , about half of them civilians .
An Israeli army spokesman said ten Israeli soldiers and three civilians had also been killed , four by Israeli ' friendly fire ' .
U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , right , abstains from voting , as Israeli Ambassador to the U.N. Gabriela Shalev , left , observes at the United Nations Security Council meeting
Hamas hit the city of Ashkelon with two rockets , one of which demolished part of an apartment building .
It caused only ' light ' injuries , the spokesman said .
Gaza was pounded again from the air , from naval boats and by armoured ground forces in the north , south and eastern borders of the strip .
Israeli ground troops were said to be still operating mainly inside tanks but military chiefs said they had not deployed infantry in the denser sections of the strip 's towns and refugee camps .
However , Israel has called up thousands of reservists and is training them in house - to - house urban warfare at a huge desert camp mocked up as a Gazan town 12 miles from Gaza .
The UN said there were widespread food shortages and that kidney patients risked death from blood poisoning because they could not reach Gaza 's only dialysis centre .
Also , treatment of cancer patients had stopped .
Meanwhile , Lord Levy , Tony Blair 's former special envoy to the Middle East , claims George Bush bears much of the responsibility for the Gaza bloodshed .
Writing in today 's Mail on Sunday , Lord Levy says : ' Despite Blair 's repeated attempts to convince Washington otherwise , President George W. Bush Showed near - zero interest or engagement in Israeli - Palestinian diplomacy during the first seven years of his presidency ' .
Lord Levy , a regular visitor to the region in his time as adviser to Mr Blair , adds : ' Without strong and continued US participation , any Middle East peace process is doomed to failure .
Bush 's refusal to provide it was , in my view , nothing short of catastrophic . '
The Israeli Defence Force today released this map showing the rocket range into Israel from Gaza .
The IDF claims one million people in Israel are within striking range of Gaza rockets
Should you keep paying your mortgage ?
If you have significant equity in your home , absolutely .
If you do n't , it 's getting harder to answer that question , especially when our government keeps giving people who owe more than their homes are worth so many reasons not to pay .
Last week , the government announced a program that will substantially lower payments for many homeowners who have little or no equity , but only if they are at least 90 days delinquent .
Critics say the plan , which applies to loans owned or guaranteed by government wards Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac among others , could encourage people to suspend payments .
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
But what about the moral obligation to pay off a debt ?
Elected officials have been chipping away at that by blaming the foreclosure crisis largely on predatory lenders .
In a campaign fact sheet , President - elect Barack Obama says he " recognizes that the real victims in the subprime mortgage crisis are not the lenders , but the millions of borrowers who followed the rules and whose only crime was taking out mortgages that lenders told them they could afford . "
Last year , Congress started removing some financial hazards of default when it passed a bill that temporarily waives the income tax on mortgage debt that is canceled when a homeowner is foreclosed upon , sells a home for less than the remaining debt ( a short sale ) or gets a loan modification that reduces the principal balance .
The tax waiver originally applied only to debt on a primary residence canceled in 2007 , 2008 or 2009 .
Last month , in the bailout bill , Congress extended the waiver until 2013 .
There are exceptions :
The waiver applies only to debt that was used to buy or improve a primary residence .
If you took out a home - equity loan or did a cash - out refinance to buy a car , you 'll still owe tax on that debt if it is canceled .
For state income taxes , California has partially conformed to the federal law , but only for debt canceled in 2007 or 2008 .
( For more details , see my April 24 column at www.sfgate.com/ZFJS.)
The Federal Housing Administration is offering two programs to help homeowners get more - affordable mortgages , FHA Secure and Help for Homeowners .
Neither requires borrowers to be current on their payments .
The program announced Monday goes a step further by requiring homeowners to be late .
The Streamlined Modification Program , sponsored by the government agency that oversees Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac and 27 loan servicers , promises to swiftly reduce payments for certain homeowners who appear to be on the verge of foreclosure .
How to qualify
To qualify , you must be at least 90 days delinquent and live in the home as your primary residence .
You must owe at least 90 percent of the home 's value .
It 's fine if you owe more than it 's worth .
Your mortgage must be owned or guaranteed by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac or held by one of the participating loan companies .
If you meet these requirements and can document your income , your servicer will reduce your monthly mortgage payment - including property taxes , insurance and association dues - to 38 percent of your gross income .
The reduction can be accomplished in one or more ways :
-- Reducing the interest rate , but not below 3 percent .
( The new rate , if below market , goes back to a market rate after five years . )
-- Extending the term of the loan up to 40 years .
-- Reducing the principal on which monthly payments are calculated .
Unpaid principal is added to the loan balance and due when the homeowner sells or refinances .
The reduced interest payments never have to be repaid .
If you owe more than the home is worth , the plan will only reduce principal down to 100 percent of market value , according to an official for the Federal Housing Finance Agency , which supervises Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
If all three of these maneuvers can't reduce your payments to 38 percent of income , you wo n't get a fast - track modification but could still request a customized deal , says the official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity .
The streamlined process looks only at income , not assets .
If you refinanced your home to buy a Mercedes or own another home , you wo n't be expected to sell them to pay your mortgage .
Peter Schiff , president of Euro Pacific Capital , predicts that many homeowners who have little or no equity will stop paying their mortgage and then reduce their income to get the biggest payment cut possible .
They could stop working overtime or , if two spouses work , one could quit .
After the modification , they could try to boost their income again .
" This is a once - in - a - lifetime opportunity , " Schiff says .
" People are going to feel like complete morons if they do n't participate .
The people getting punished are the ones who never made an irresponsible decision to buy a house they could n't afford . "
The government is offering loan servicers $ 800 for every homeowner they get into the plan .
Schiff predicts that loan agents " will be cold - calling people trying to get them into it .
Just like they encouraged people to overstate their income to get a bigger loan in the first place , now they will encourage them to understate their income to qualify for a smaller loan . "
To prevent fraud , the government says a borrower " must certify that he or she experienced a hardship or change in financial circumstances , and did not purposely default to obtain a modification . "
The housing agency official doubts that people will stop paying just to get a modification because it will hurt their credit record , and that will make it harder to get a loan and possibly a job .
" Credit bureau reports are checked by employers .
They 're taking a big risk missing three payments just to get a lower rate , " she says .
An existing lender who sees your credit score deteriorate could also cut back on your credit and possibly raise your rate .
Credit score impact
Risking your credit score for a lower rate " sounds like a game of chicken on the lending highway , " says Craig Watts , a spokesman for Fair Isaac , which markets the FICO credit score .
A 90 - day delinquency will hurt your score , but not as badly as a foreclosure .
How many points it takes off depends on other things in your credit file , such as the number and severity of late payments on other accounts .
In the latest version of FICO , which is just being rolled out , " one isolated delinquency will do less damage to your score than it has in the past , " Watts says .
Consumers who suffer a severe delinquency can rebuild their scores over time by paying all credit accounts on time and keeping their balances low .
" If it was me and I was certain that I could keep my home even after missing a couple payments by working out a deal with the lender , I 'd be for keeping the home , " Watts says .
" Your score will bounce back . "
Schiff predicts that many homeowners will reach that conclusion and that the new program will cost Fannie and Freddie far more than expected .
Although the mortgage giants are under a government conservatorship , the housing agency official says that any losses under the program will not be paid for by taxpayers unless Fannie and Freddie exhaust their reserves .
Last Sunday President - elect Barack Obama was asked whether he would seek an investigation of possible crimes by the Bush administration .
“ I do n’t believe that anybody is above the law , ” he responded , but “ we need to look forward as opposed to looking backwards . ”
I ’m sorry , but if we do n’t have an inquest into what happened during the Bush years  and nearly everyone has taken Mr. Obama ’s remarks to mean that we wo n’t  this means that those who hold power are indeed above the law because they do n’t face any consequences if they abuse their power .
Let ’s be clear what we ’re talking about here .
It ’s not just torture and illegal wiretapping , whose perpetrators claim , however implausibly , that they were patriots acting to defend the nation ’s security .
The fact is that the Bush administration ’s abuses extended from environmental policy to voting rights .
And most of the abuses involved using the power of government to reward political friends and punish political enemies .
At the Justice Department , for example , political appointees illegally reserved nonpolitical positions for “ right - thinking Americans ”  their term , not mine  and there ’s strong evidence that officials used their positions both to undermine the protection of minority voting rights and to persecute Democratic politicians .
We are people of this generation , bred in the most hedonistic society the world has ever known , housed now in over - mortgaged tract homes , and looking uncomfortably to the world we leave to our children .
We were born in the days when the Soviet Union was the Evil Empire , a college degree was the ticket to the middle class , and being born American meant that unlimited opportunity was your birthright .
We saw the Soviet empire fall , and realized that we had geared our entire society to prepare for a war that no one had dared fight .
Our college degrees hang on our walls , but though our mental horizons have been expanded , our economic opportunities have not .
We were told that success does not matter if you are black or white , male or female , and while the political successes of Barack Obama , Hillary Clinton , and even Sarah Palin seemed to vindicate this philosophy , it does not obviate the fact that opportunity for all still means that most of us are doomed to lives of obscure mediocrity .
The dot - com boom and bust , the current depression , the unwinnable wars in Asia , all have convinced us the truth of the anthems of our youth .
We are here now , and we are not entertained .
Future historians will note that American society peaked in the late 1960s .
Culturally , this is a foregone conclusion .
We listen to our parents ’ music and call it " classic rock , " a canon that can be approached but never surpassed .
When we think of art , we think of Warhol and Rothko .
Our top - selling cultural products have names like " Star Wars " and " Star Trek " — nostalgic Baby Boomer dreams that one day man will dance amongst the heavenly spheres , whereas in reality we have come crashing down , Icarus - like , in fiery debris .
After the sun - bright Baby Boomer generation flared into supernova , it collapsed into a black hole .
We knew all this long ago .
We were called the " slacker " generation .
But how could we not be , after Free Love turned to AIDS , we saw Peace commodified and sold for junk bonds , and realized the calls for " revolution " were nothing more than the mewling of infants begging to be indulged ?
Our coming - of - age movies were " Reality Bites " and " Fight Club . "
Our famed irony and sarcasm were not a sign that we value nothing :
They were self - defense in a world where nothing is valued .
This is the world the Baby Boomers , the so - called flower - children , have left us : A world poisoned by me - firstism , by NIMBYism , by I - got - mine - ism .
Our parents ' generation has rebutted the hard work and sacrifice of our grandparents with short - term thinking and situational morality justified by Excel spreadsheets .
We grow into middle age not surrounded by prosperity and security , but by our doubts and fears .
Even as the rich have gotten richer , we have seen our standard of living fall .
The middle class is barely reproducing itself , bifurcated into those barely treading water and those on an endless paper chase after useless honors .
Our hopes have been dashed , our dreams sold for firewood to keep warm and hold back the wolves for one more night .
I should end this essay on a note of hope , or at least a call to action .
Such would be the traditional coda .
However , I cannot find it within me to do so .
The myth of Progress is dead ; all we have to look for is a mediocre world of diminished expectations .
Somewhere along the way , someone might have tricked us into caring or having hope , but we have come to realize that the current " crisis " is not the result of a great country hijacked by a cabal of free - market capitalists :
It is , in fact , the new baseline .
Things are not going to get better ; all we can do is hope they will not get worse .
We take from this the great lesson learned by abused children everywhere :
It hurt less when we did n't care .
Posted January 1 , 2009 3:54 AM
This is nothing new .
Nothing is original .
Society , people , thoughts are all cyclical .... to say this is the most hedonistic culture ever is to say the Romans were Puritans .... to say that the world is not going to get better is just another repeats of doomsdays and naysay that have happened throughout history .
The fact is that mankind will all ways grow and wane and grow again until the day that God decides we have had enough .... or a big space rock hits us .... whatever comes first .
Posted by : S at January 4 , 2009 8:18 AM
This is nothing new .
Nothing is original .
Society , people , thoughts are all cyclical .... to say this is the most hedonistic culture ever is to say the Romans were Puritans .... to say that the world is not going to get better is just another repeats of doomsdays and naysay that have happened throughout history .
The fact is that mankind will all ways grow and wane and grow again until the day that God decides we have had enough .... or a big space rock hits us .... whatever comes first .
Posted by : S at January 4 , 2009 8:18 AM
A more honest and true view of our societies position than i have ever heard .
No wonder so many people are either depressed or medicating .
Posted by : Sean at January 4 , 2009 8:34 AM damn good essay brutha .
to add to your pessimism , all i can say is " smoke em if you got em " .
Posted by : bogart momo at January 4 , 2009 9:08 AM
Look out , you 've been Farked .
May god have mercy upon your soul .
Also , nice .
Posted by : Anon at January 4 , 2009 9:14 AM HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA..
Hilarious .
Posted by : David at January 4 , 2009 9:18 AM meh .
Whine some more ya big baby .
Posted by : Rob at January 4 , 2009 9:30 AM
Your notion of the 60's and reality is based on media .
Culture was mass produced on the television on 3 channels and everyone was exposed to it and it was the largest generation .
You can look at the fragmentation of media and see the cultural ' decline ' is highly correlated with this .
The truth is we 've gotten over aggrandizing and oversimplifying things .
In 1966 the vietnam death toll for American 's was 27,915 people .
Life is more than what is on tv .
The people who died in war , because of their race , or for whatever reason in the 60's probably would look at your blog and disagree with what you have to say about living during ' the peak . '
Posted by : Ziad Hussain at January 4 , 2009 10:00 AM
Wow , talk about WHINY !
Grow a pair , son .
Posted by : Ralph D. Wunderllama at January 4 , 2009 10:08 AM
US will pass the crisis and will move on higher , is the only country in the world where dreams can become reality Posted by : catalin at January 4 , 2009 10:53 AM thank you Posted by : Theadeaus at January 4 , 2009 11:25 AM
Dangit , I came up with the term " me-firster " 20 years ago and I never get credit .
Where 's my money !?
How 's that for " me-firsting ? "
Good essay , you plagiarist .
/ kidding , good essay , really , but I did come up with the term after going to highschool with the wealthy who were feckless selfish scum that got Porsches as 16th birthday gifts .
I drove a station wagon .
Posted by : Curt at January 4 , 2009 12:13 PM
So get up and do something about it .
Posted by : X at January 4 , 2009 12:21 PM
What utter crap .
Posted by : jms at January 4 , 2009 12:35 PM
You 're a ' mewling ' idiot .
Posted by : Dork at January 4 , 2009 1:20 PM
I look at the world , and see it as the result of affairs set in motion long before the Baby Boomers were even thought of .
We live in a new century - a new millenium - that still resounds with the echoes of the most dynamic , violent , astonishing century in human history , a time when the progress of the new collided with the institutions of the old .
It saw the fall of old empires and the rise of new ones , at rates unprecedented in human history , with consequences being visited now .
One thing that history has taught however is that humans remain the same .
We all share the same fundamental hopes and dreams , the same fears and failings , not only globally , but throughout time , too .
In time , it will fall to the so - called ' slacker ' generation to recognise and act ( when the time will come ) on picking up the pieces , patching up the holes and weaving a new social tapestry , proving to the world that far from being a generation of do - nothing layabouts , we are the most sensible , level - headed , responsible and mature generation ever seen .
Many generations react to ones from before .
The dynamics of the 1960s largely represent youthful reaction to the war generations that preceded them .
The new generations inherit a world that has been ravaged , used , abused , ignored and violated .
We however belong to a generation raised in the shadow of images brought back from space of a world fragile and alone , a ' grand oasis ' , precarious and delicate , vulnerable and ultimately very , very precious .
It is my fervent hope that with this new - found perspective and wisdom , we will better take care of that which takes care of us .
The Baby Boomers are a great lot , and I wish them all the very best , for it is they who lay the foundations for us , just as it is us who lay the foundations for those to come after us .
It is up to us to make things better , not because we want to appear as a better generation than any before , but because we have been raised with the sensibility that not only if something is worth doing it is worth doing well , but because one must do whatever needs done , and done as best as it can be .
Modern institutions are crumbling , outdated sensibilities are dissolving , a new era beckons and it is us that will be responsible for modelling the new infrastructure to take us into that future .
The future is as bright as we want it to be , and care to make it .
The current strife is merely the pendulum swinging a little too far one way .
This is what happens when extremists are in charge .
Rest assured , lessons are being learnt .
The trick is to remember those lessons when the time comes , as those who fail to learn from history are doomed to repeat it .
David ( born 1969 ) Posted by : David Sander at January 4 , 2009 1:45 PM
You live in an age of miracles and wonders and all you can do is complain that it can't go on forever .
Things will get worse for some , better for some .
In the end there are a lot of people on a finite world .
Those efficient in their needs will prosper .
Posted by : NoName at January 4 , 2009 2:13 PM yep , still self obsessed .
Still a loser .
Still no hope .... for you !
The rest of us are moving onward and upward .
Posted by : anon at January 4 , 2009 2:24 PM
I 've read your essay .
Someone 's a little depressed !
Yes , I study the news , trends the world is taking , history , game theory , and in some ways take it as a hopeful sign that things are all ' gone mad ' .
It is this madness that will breed us a new century and the more insane it becomes the grander the outcome .
So bring on the fires , the floods , the wonderment .
We 're all dying of the same things and you assume here and now , that you can know the shape of the future from this past laid out behind us ?
You know the world has it 's ups and downs , it 's goods and bads .
We live now in the best century so far for humanity .
By simple numbers we are dying less than ever before and the so called ' riches ' which we decry as so vastly unfair and horrible because they are not hours and are not being used to benefit the majority are only numerical values .
What do you want ?
To be a rock - star amongst billions of rock - stars ?
To have great adventures and swing your sword around ?
Are you a victim of this great , fantastic , beautiful madness ?
Good .
Be a victim .
Lay still .
They like it when you lay there too convinced of the inevitability of the Hells you 're in to squirm .
Tell me what you want .
Say it 's all terribly unfair , tell me how horrible and pitiful it all is and how we 're all gonna die then run in circles waving your hands .
Maybe one day that 'll work .
When you have something to actually do ... a suggestion , a methodology , even possibly an inspired vision of futures beyond our ken ... come back .
Write another essay and on some other New Year give it to us and who knows ?
You might change the world .
Posted by : Chessie at January 4 , 2009 2:25 PM
What do you mean we ?
It 's just you .
Posted by : Dave at January 4 , 2009 2:48 PM
My comments are at my site .
Posted by : Annoyed White Male at January 4 , 2009 2:52 PM
You said it better than I ever could .
Posted by : KittyLitter at January 4 , 2009 2:56 PM
Nice read , it 's 10:14 in the morning .
I 'm trading my coffee in for a bottle of wine .
Cheers =)
Posted by : oxentrot at January 4 , 2009 3:15 PM
If it broke do something to fix it then and stop whining about it .
Posted by : kingfish2004 at January 4 , 2009 3:19 PM
To respond to reality with despair and apathy is the worst offense against the world around you .
To have no hope is lower than having misguided hope .
Even though the Baby Boomer generation has created such failure , to wail and despair and turn you back on reality is a far greater offense .
By this you will never accomplish anything other than to poison the hearts of your fellow man .
Posted by : Rolander at January 4 , 2009 3:24 PM
the begining of the end was when Ronald Raygun was elected in 1980 .
for 8 years he hounded us about ' getting government off the backs of business " and " government IS the problem " and " cut taxes " and " cut more taxe " especially for the Rich / Big Business .
and Deregulation was the catch phrase he used so much .
well , we 're reaping the rewards for all those tax cuts and Deregulation .
Thanks , Ronnie Posted by : Neo at January 4 , 2009 3:33 PM
Ken Mondschein , are you a baby boomer ?
If you are , that would explain this article .....
Posted by : george at January 4 , 2009 3:56 PM
Classic rock and Star Trek are the pinnacle of American culture ?
Right ...
I mean , maybe you think that 's true , but I hardly think that historians will agree with you .
You seem to have missing the birth of a culture new , vibrant , and novel , which did n't happen in the 60s .
In fact , you 're participating in it right now .
It happened in the mid 90s , and it 's internet culture .
Historians wo n't be talking about TOS , they 'll be talking about Dr. Horrible .
Posted by : Renee at January 4 , 2009 4:04 PM
" American society peaked in the late 1960s " Peak year of the baby boom was 1957 .
Thus , the late 1960s saw an average baby boomer age of around 12 years old .
The earliest boomers were just starting off in adult life .
Kind of hard to blame the boomers , is n't it ?
Very few boomers I know have done well economically .
It 's easy to blame an entire generation for today 's problems .
I propose looking at the USA in general and specifically the economic aspects through a different lens ; a belief that perhaps the USA has been and is in the throes of class warfare with a minority of elite class ultra-wealthy and politically powerful Americans usurping the many separate aspects that comprise the whole that is the USA to the benefit of the few .
Posted by : Obbop at January 4 , 2009 4:15 PM
We have great circuses though - with billion - dollar Colosseums in which our gladiators fight and sacrifice themselves for our amusement .
There is plenty of bread , and cheese , and beer .
Our legions are unmatched on the field of battle .
I 'm even learning to play the fiddle - here , have a listen !
Posted by : Corey at January 4 , 2009 4:15 PM
Oh , dear .
Another tiresome whine from a Gen - X slacker who took all the opportunity created by the Greatest Generation and the Baby Boomers and pissed it away .
Such self - indulgence .
Such mental masturbation .
You are right , though .
Our society did peaked in the 1960s .
We built a nation the whole world envied .
Then , a generation who could not be bothered came along and consumed it , replacing nothing , adding nothing , and just bitch , bitch , bitch because life is n't a bowl of cherries .
Posted by : Such Crap at January 4 , 2009 4:40 PM
I think I liked this essay better when it was published in 1982 .
Or 1992 .
Or maybe it was 1974 .
Has it been re-zeitgeisted for our times ?
The upside of recessions is that " thinkers " have more time away from shopping and clubbing to plumb the depths of their cognition to say " whoa man .
. . this really sucks . . . nothing is real . . . shit . . "
The web has made it quicker and easier to share these nuggets of wisdom with other highschoolers of all ages .
I suppose at some time I would have found something meaty here .
Now I just think of what Victor Frankl discovered in his years locked up in Dachau : Suffering is like a gas that equally fills any container you put it into .
The affluent boomers who contemplated suicide or fell into alcoholism or drug use or cult membership because there were no more worlds to conquer hurt just as much as a the snot - nosed 22 - year - old who finds his MIS degree wo n't get him a job that lets him move out of mom and dad 's while keeping his broadband and unlimited mp3 downloads .
Posted by : Mr. Happy at January 4 , 2009 5:09 PM
" When we think of art , we think of Warhol and Rothko . "
No .
No , we do n't .
Posted by : Erin at January 4 , 2009 5:17 PM
The amusing thing is you can find this type of whining in any given stage of a civilization 's existence .
There was a reason Homer described the predecessors of modern men as giants , yet his society was still far from its pinnacle ..
The current economic maladies are nothing special really , as they have been repeated every couple of decades for our entire history .
You fear mortgage rates ?
Tell that to the people who have been shot and killed in this society for just trying to make a beggar 's wage in a mine ( less than a hundred years before your beloved 60's , i might add . )
It 's just that historians usually wait awhile before making an analysis , as those who remark upon their own lifespans are generally on the level of chicken little ...
Posted by : Satan at January 4 , 2009 5:21 PM
Life is what you make of it , nothing more .
Live cheap , love your friends .
Take all you need but not a drop more .
Misery is the offspring of unrealistic expectations .
The American dream is as alive as ever .
It simply means something different than what we want it to mean .
Posted by : dwindle at January 4 , 2009 5:31 PM
Perhaps you should have titled the post as " Emasculated by the PR man :
Or how I lost my balls when I could n;t afford a plasma " Posted by : Observant at January 4 , 2009 5:33 PM
Hey Ken Mondschein , we have a saying from the 1960s .
It goes , " America - love it or leave it ! "
Why do n't you take the next plane to Quito ?
Posted by : Dan of 1953 at January 4 , 2009 6:09 PM
It 's a mostly economic phenomenon .
Real wages peaked in the early 70's and have drifted downward since then .
Posted by : krackpipe at January 4 , 2009 6:11 PM
The best music was in the 1960s ?
Stop listening to that Creedence crap and listen to what 's out there now .
Yes , the top - 40 stuff is n't as good as it was back then ( music and vocals replaced with dance , lights and sex ) , but there 's so much other music that was n't getting played on the radio that IS now .
Warhol ?
He had his time .
There are artists these days worth a serious look .
But art takes many forms .
Architecture , for one .
Just as information does .
Newspapers may be dying , but the demand for information continues growing .
Does the impending doom of newsprint mean society is dying ?
No , just in the midst of drastic upheaval .
We 're headed into an economic meltdown because of easy credit , aided by vote - buying through promises of government - backed home loans and deterred oversight of Freddie and Fannie .
Thank the Democrats for that , as well as for depleting the Social Security trust fund .
Thank the GOP as well , for not letting failing banks go belly - up , taking a socialist power grab that will change the face of this nation for a long time to come .
If we truly want change , we need to purge Washington of careerists and bring government back to the people .
If we really want to make a difference , we 'll get out from behind our computers and go out and do something .
Posted by : Stupefied at January 4 , 2009 6:52 PM
this is a profoundly stupid post for myriad reasons .
It would have saved everyone much time and effort if it were simply titled , " Here 's where I bitch and moan like a little girl .
Feel free to skip ahead " Posted by : tigger at January 4 , 2009 7:29 PM
That was probably the stupidest thing I 've ever read .
You should really make your contribution to the human gene pool by castrating yourself NOW .
Really .
You are just another of the millions of hippie - worshiping fucking morons too ignorant of actual history to have a valid opinion on oatmeal .
Posted by : Miscalato at January 4 , 2009 7:31 PM
Ken 
In your lionization of the sixties and there generation and all there idealism , please realize they didnt really change anything , and as you said , there music and imagery has been co-opted for corporate profit I believe that this generation has learned from there mistakes , and George W Bush has catalyzed a new generation that are out to change the world in a different way , from the inside , through incremental policy change , sure its not as sexy as peace and love , but its realistic and longer lasting .
Posted by : link05 at January 4 , 2009 7:34 PM
You can't blame the baby boomers for being born and using up resources .
That 's what happens when a human is born .
All of our problems stem from over population .
A lot of baby boomers knew this and did n't have children but others went on selfishly reproducing .
If I had to lay blame somewhere , I 'd blame it on those religions that encourage over population .
They are the real culprits .
Posted by : Nancy Tungston at January 4 , 2009 7:59 PM
Sorry Ken , you are having the same epiphany that nearly every generation has had .
If you did not grow up in the sixties / seventies , you can't possibly know what the catalysts were for that generation , only what you are told through filters .
And filters from those of later generations always tend to blame those before .
While American society may have had A peak in the late sixties , do n't assume it was the only peak .
Your outlooks are based on YOUR experiences .
once you expand your experiences and you will find that your outlook will improve .
Oh , and that " famed irony and sarcasm " ... neither new nor particularly clever .
We mostly just found it annoying .
Posted by : McAllisterBryant at January 4 , 2009 8:45 PM
You seem to have forgotten that in the 60's you 'd have been drafted and killed in a Vietnamese swamp .
Posted by : Les Mikesell at January 4 , 2009 8:52 PM
As I read these comments , I see you 've caught a lot of flak for an honest expression of dispair and frustration .
( I would lump these comments with the opinions of a sports - fan who only likes the top rated team . )
If you 're not allowed to verbalize frustration and despair , there 's little hope that you 'll be able to change those feelings .
I , too , am stuck in a rut : mid-thirties , well - educated but work ended in June and nothing has opened up .
Yes , I do live with my parents now but that does n't invalidate my opinions .
You have my email -- drop me a note ... we might be able to put something together ...
Posted by : Anti-jingoist at January 4 , 2009 8:55 PM favorite quote : " Culturally , this is a foregone conclusion . "
This phrase , which arrogantly puts forth the author 's opinion as general consensus and tacitly equates such public opinion as unassailable fact , is something I 've read in history textbooks from the turn of the 20th century right up through World War II .
The Culturally Forgone Conclusions put forth so flatly and confidently by those books ' authors include : European countries have a natural right and obligation to conquer each other ; colonialism is justified as the white man has a natural place of superiority over the mongrel races ; Dreyfus must be guilty even if innocent ; capitalism leads inevitably to revolution ; might makes right in politics and economy because such is the model Darwin gave us ; and much , much more horseshit .
Posted by : boomaga at January 4 , 2009 10:03 PM
The boomers had their fun little time being full of their peace and love crap while they were all in college .
Draft deferred .
Then they grew up , realized that they wanted all their giant SUV's and McMansions after all , that life at the commune was n't all it was cracked up to be .
They stopped at nothing to get their big cars and second homes , ( we have a RIGHT to them , dammit !
We worked hard at our party colleges ! ) and all the hippy dippy peace and " I will love everyone " bullshit flew out the window .
And you bitches are surprised that everything 's crashing down now ?
Thanks ,
Boomers !
Posted by : powerballad at January 5 , 2009 2:21 AM
This reminds me of the foolish Englishman that wrote in 1890 that there was nothing new to be discovered or learn that everything important had all ready been done .
Every generation some little fool claims the world is over that everything has been done and the future will only at best be a pale reflection of the past .
Posted by : welsh at January 5 , 2009 4:05 AM
This is so depressing that I could only read one paragraph .
Pull the trigger dude !!!
Posted by : WTF at January 5 , 2009 6:50 AM
I suspect Ken is right , when America lost its nerve to demand huge pink cars with massive tail fins and acres of chrome the days of the empire were numbered .
And a growth based economy had to fail some day .
Posted by : Richard at January 5 , 2009 10:43 AM
Wow and I thought I was cynical .
Lighten up .
Things get a little better and a little worse , but the overall trend is upwards .
Maybe not as quickly as we like , but thats where it goes .
Posted by : Frank at January 5 , 2009 3:22 PM
I agree with S . As I read the first sentence I thought " this guy has no clue about history past his parents ' life . "
Hedonism decadence in the 1920s was greater than now .
We would be Puritans in the eyes on Romans of 2,000 years ago .
The Golden Age of U.S. culture was probably the 1920s -- check out the writing , the art , the thinking .
Posted by : db at January 5 , 2009 4:47 PM
Comparing eras like this is a bit of a useless apples - and - oranges exercise .
Despite the way things might look , somebody is ALWAYS out there pushing and prodding to find the thing that 's going to push our culture forward .
The question you need to ask yourself is : do you want to be one of those statistically few people creating innovation , or do you want to be one of the complacent masses that simply co-opts and cheapens the new great thing once it 's been found ?
If your choice is the former , quit bitching and get to work .
Posted by : catcells at January 5 , 2009 7:41 PM
At least it 's not long now till 2012 .
Hoorah for the end of the Age !
Seriously though , the Me-Firsters did a good job to start with , but have just swung things too far .
There 's too much issue with ' human rights ' when not appropriate , and not enough issue with human responsibilities when appropriate .
Individual freedom is not always a good thing , since people can be selfish , greedy , and cruel .
Posted by : versidious at January 7 , 2009 5:48 PM
What a load so to speak .
If you fed up find a different way to live .
I know that this site is a free form to glib about the character of the state , yet remember when intellectuals usually rant about nothing new to com around usually a new form of free expression comes to be to reflect the society .
With the case of degrees becoming as common as monopoly money , oh well suck it up .
Think about it after 75 we have had a generation free from being forced to go to war and know they hold the keys to media .
The sixties probably were n't that great .
If the sixties where the apex , then why are these bastards plugging " their great music " to sell beer , insurance , and viagra .
Do you ruly want are generation to hock nirvana or public enemy to sell codoms malt liquor or both .
Get , out of yourself do habitat for humanity or peace corpsgo to a different culture soak it up like a biscuit , and then come back .
Yes , are country goes into decline from time to time .
Yet , remember we still have potenial to be upward and mobile .
Also , the next couple years if not the next decade will put the greedy swine in their place .
People will live within their means .
As long as the constitution gets patchwork done on it and it still exist I am not worried .
Also Viacom ( Mtv Vh1 ETC . )
IS NOT OUR CULTURE .
Posted by : jb at January 18 , 2009 2:10 AM
Name :
Email Address :
Comments :
Livermore Lab pioneers debugging tool
New tool enables researchers to pinpoint a needling problem in a haystack of processors
How do you find a bug in a program when that program is spread across 200,000 processors ?
As incredible as that scenario might sound , it is becoming a routine problem for Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory , home of the 212,992 - core BlueGene / L supercomputer .
To help spot bugs , laboratory researchers , along with those from the University of Wisconsin , have developed a new software program , named Stack Trace Analysis Tool ( STAT ) .
" What we are finding is that today 's architectures require novel [ debugging ] techniques , " said Lawrence Livermore researcher Gregory Lee , who presented a paper about the new software at the SC08 conference , held in Austin last month .
Such debugging may become more crucial in years to come , as the largest petascale - systems might soon consist of at least 1 million cores .
Lee noted that many full - featured debuggers for parallel processor - based programs are already on the market , such as TotalView Technologies ’ TotalView .
Such parallel debugging tools do not scale well for programs that run across thousands of processors because they cannot complete analyses within a reasonable amount of time .
Such tools ’ thoroughness slows them down when they work on too many processors — the data structures they create grow too unwieldy .
" Even if your tool works with today 's scales , if you take that same application and add one or two orders of magnitude , then some of the things you do now may not work well , " Lee said .
STAT is not a full - featured debugger .
It can encircle the problem area within a large parallel program , and more - thorough commercial debuggers then fix the problem .
" We wanted to develop lightweight tools that would help the heavyweight tools by identifying processes that behave in a similar fashion , " Lee said .
STAT takes advantage of the fact that most parallel applications run similar processes across multiple nodes .
Most debuggers can show each and every process .
When analyzing thousands of processors , it would be too difficult for the developer to sort through all those processes even if the debugger could generate all that information in a reasonable amount of time .
STAT works by collapsing identical processes into a single visual representation .
The software program gathers information about all the processes running and then merges them into a tree graph .
It also offers the option of building a 3 - D graph tree , which can show the program running over a period of time .
Both approaches are good at locating weaknesses in unstable programs , such as deadlocking .
In one test using BlueGene / L , the research team was able to merge all 212,992 processes of a program into a single graph tree in about of a third of a second .
" If you interpolate those results to a machine with 1 million cores , you 're still talking about latencies that are tolerable , " Lee said .
The Lawrence Livermore BlueGene / L support team has just installed STAT for production debugging use , Lee said .
Users can deploy STAT alongside the laboratory ’s copy of TotalView to vector and remediate code bugs .
" We ran it on a couple of real end - cases , " Lee said .
STAT is open source and available to other agencies .
CHENGDU , China ( CNN ) --
A powerful 6.0 - magnitude aftershock hit China 's Sichuan province Sunday , reportedly destroyed more than 70,000 homes in the region where at least 60,000 people were killed by a powerful earthquake on May 12 .
State media said at least six people died and more than 1,000 were hurt as a result of the latest seismic jolt , which came as Chinese officials warned that 69 dams in the province damaged in the original quake were in danger of bursting their banks .
Shaanxi experienced the highest death toll as a result of the aftershock , with four people losing their lives .
One each died in Sichuan and Gansu .
The aftershock damaged more than 200,000 other homes , according to state media .
It also damaged another dam , cutting off several more roads in the region .
Mudslides and rockslides caused by the quake and aftershocks created a lake to form in southwest Sichuan .
Authorities are worried that the barriers could burst and cause massive flooding , the Xinhua news agency said .
The nearly 2,000 police officers and soldiers sent to the lake planned to use dynamite to break down part of the barriers in an effort to control the flow of water , which was rising .
Sichuan has experienced dozens of aftershocks since a devastating 7.9 - magnitude earthquake on May 12 .
But Sunday 's aftershock was the strongest since a 5.8 - magnitude shook the region a day after the initial quake .
The aftershock was felt in Chengdu , one of the largest cities in Sichuan province and about 150 miles from the epicenter of the aftershock .
A CNN employee , on the 24th floor of a high - rise hotel , reported that the building swayed .
Meanwhile , China 's top economic planning agency urged oil and power companies to make sure there are enough supplies for earthquake - hit areas and for the Beijing Olympic Games in August , The Associated Press reported .
Do n't Miss China : Quake toll surpasses 60,000
China : Quake toll surpasses 60,000 Special report : China earthquake
Special report : China earthquake iReport.com : Send photos , videos of relief effort
Send photos , videos of relief effort Impact Your World See how you can make a difference
The National Development and Reform Commission said coal production should resume as quickly as possible in Sichuan province , which accounts for 4 percent of the country 's coal production , AP reported .
The agency also said the country 's top two oil producers -- China Petroleum & Chemical Corp. , or Sinopec , and PetroChina -- should ensure fuel production , especially diesel for the summer , according to AP .
On Saturday , when China 's Premier Wen Jiabao gave United Nations Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon a dramatic look at the damage , a strong aftershock shook the town they were in .
Watch Ban Ki-moon 's tour of damage »
Meanwhile , the death toll from this month 's earthquake in China reached 62,664 , a government official said Sunday .
Another 23,775 are still missing .
Watch one mother 's daily quest for her missing son »
At the Sunday news conference , a civil affairs ministry official said rescue workers have pulled alive 6,537 people from the rubble of the May 12 earthquake .
The earthquake has left more than 5,000 children without their parents and more than 4,000 elderly without caregivers , China 's state - run news agency said Sunday .
A Water Ministry official said at the same conference that 69 dams are in danger of bursting in Sichuan province .
Watch a report on dangerous quake - made lakes and dams »
Since the quake struck , workers have made several dramatic rescues .
But the numbers have dwindled in recent days as time has passed .
And continued rain in the coming days threatened to make relief efforts more difficult .
On Friday , rescue workers pulled an 80 - year - old paraplegic man from the rubble of his home on Friday , 11 days after the quake , state media reported Sunday .
The man , Xiao Zhihu , had been trapped for nearly 266 hours .
The beam of Xiao 's house in Mianzhu City in Sichuan province collapsed during the quake , trapping him , China 's state - run television CCTV said .
The station said Xiao 's wife could not go and call for help .
She brought him food until he was found and freed by rescue crews Friday .
The government estimates that 45 million people , mostly in Sichuan province , were affected by the earthquake and that 5 million were left homeless .
CNN 's Yuli Yang and Samson Desta contributed to this report .
Copyright 2008 CNN .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Associated Press contributed to this report .
All About China • Sichuan Province • Wen Jiabao
UK investors could be nursing huge losses after being hit by a similar Ponzi scheme to that operated by Bernie Madoff .
Dennis Bolze , a stock trader from Tennessee who is being pursued by the US authorities , failed to attend a bankruptcy court hearing late last week .
About 100 unnamed investors , largely from the UK and other European countries , invested up to $ 20 m in Centurion Asset Management , the company through which Mr Bolze said he was engaging in day trading .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The case follows that of Mr Madoff , the Wall Street fund manager who allegedly committed the world 's biggest investment fraud of $ 50 bn through a Ponzi scheme .
Some of the biggest banks , HSBC and Royal Bank of Scotland , as well as the Hollywood actor Kevin Bacon have become embroiled in the scandal .
Man Group , the world 's biggest hedge fund manager , is considering legal action to recover losses from Mr Madoff 's activities .
A US bankruptcy court has appointed an emergency interim trustee to oversee the assets and estate of Mr Bolze .
Patricia Foster , attorney for the US Trustee , told Judge Richard Stair that his investment activities " appear to be a Ponzi scheme " .
Three local investors sought the appointment of an interim trustee to force Mr Bolze into bankruptcy so that his assets could be seized and sold .
The interim trustee , the retired FBI agent Wayne Walls , has been authorised to take " whatever steps are necessary to locate and preserve the assets of property " of Mr Bolze , Ms Foster said .
Mr Bolze has not been seen since mid-December , when local investors ' dividend cheques from his alleged day - trading operations stopped .
His wife is thought to have no idea where he is , but reportedly stated that he had not engaged in day trading for four months prior to his disappearance .
Meanwhile investigators examining Mr Madoff 's alleged fraud have turned their attention to the Wall Street fund manager 's UK business , as they try to pin down how much , if any , of his clients ' money is left .
The Serious Fraud Office has begun a formal investigation into Madoff Securities International , based in London , where associates say he managed £ 100 m of his family 's money .
Mr Madoff transferred $ 160 m to the London business in the autumn of 2007 , as the credit crisis was beginning .
The people of Rafah wandered around the rubble of what had been their homes , dazed and distressed by the scale of the destruction .
A young man stooped to push a crumpled armchair into a crater below his broken house .
Gaza 's frontline neighbourhood of Rafah has never seen anything like this .
It was the first morning after 22 days of intense bombing , and many have lost everything .
Along a row of shattered houses a veiled woman sat in a chair surrounded by broken pieces of furniture and concrete .
She waved towards the sandwiched layers of flattened concrete where her six - story home once stood .
" When Israel does this is just makes us stronger , " she said .
" We have even more sympathy with Hamas now . "
It was a message that several people delivered as I wandered around Rafah , surveying the holes gouged from the ground where tunnels once burrowed their way under the nearby Egyptian border .
Israel says the tunnels are used to smuggle weapons into Gaza , and the locals do not deny this .
But they also point out that the Israeli bombs have wiped out entire neighbourhoods in densely populated rows of houses .
Glancing over the wasteland , one man said : " Israel has achieved nothing from this " .
Nearby a group of noisy children were digging in the rubble of a house , pulling out pieces of shrapnel from Israeli bombs .
" Look at this , " one boy yelled , waving the large chunk of metal above his head like a trophy .
Back in the centre of Rafah , Abdul Kareem , a young student , standing outside his burnt - out home , was at a loss to explain why the house was targeted .
He had nothing to do with Hamas , he insisted ; he was a supporter of President Mahmoud Abbas ' Fatah faction .
He and his family had fled after the first missile landed ; two further missiles followed .
Looking at the remains of his bedroom , he began sobbing .
" I do n't understand it , " he said .
" I do n't understand what I should do now .
I can not do anything .
This is life in Gaza . "
Everyone I spoke to in Rafah said they felt they were targets during the three - week assault .
Many claimed that Israeli attacks were indiscriminate , and not in response to rockets fired from Gaza .
At the UN school in Rafah we found hundreds who had taken refuge after fleeing their homes .
The previous night bombs had fallen around the school , and children were now venturing outside .
Many had stories to tell and felt unsafe - even at the UN compound .
In a first floor room a young boy told of how his uncle had bled to death .
They called for the man 's widow and Ghalia Abu Hussein appeared , her face covered with a veil , struggling along with her children .
She said that her husband was a telecommunications worker and that he was an innocent victim .
She agreed to take me to her home , ten minutes drive from the school .
At the house she took me up the stairs to the first floor where Israelis had , she claimed , fired missiles through the front of the building , hitting her husband in the head as he looked out the window .
His shoes lay in the rubble .
Abu Hussein said : " My husband just went to look out the window to see what was going on .
He had refused to leave the house .
Then they shot him in the head .
" I had to flee with the children .
There was nothing we could do .
He bled to death because the ambulances could n't reach the house . "
At the bottom of the stairs one of her daughters was sobbing quietly as the constant whine of an Israeli drone hovered overhead .
" Listen to those drones - and they talk about a ceasefire , " her mother said , as she launched into a bitter and angry verbal assault about the " crimes " Israel has committed against the residents of Rafah .
This gentleman goes after Portal 's " Still Alive " in Rock Band 2 using a rather novel approach : a theremin .
How'd he do ?
Much better than you might expect .
Advertisement
" Theremin Hero " does n't look like a mod per se , he just outputs the instrument to a set of headphones and rests the RB2 mike in the cups .
So our performer , a Scot named Greig , is going after the vocals of this beloved song .
Even with a couple of abortive attempts at overdrive , he manages to rack up 138,000 points and 95 percent - on his first try .
Greig 's friend
Andy wrote us with the tip , saying this was the result of Greig locking himself in " a small , apparently windowless flat in Glasgow , " from Christmas through New Year's .
Add the seclusion to the theremin , the Half - Life t- shirt , and of course , this song , and you 're talking about a holiday that just collapsed into a black hole of geek win .
Advertisement
So what 's the verdict ?
Is this cool , or are Rock Band 2's vocals limitations weak ?
I say maybe both , but definitely more of the former .
Rock on , Greig .
Theremin Hero - First Ever Attempt [ YouTube , thanks SaladinZero ]
Fernando Cillóniz , Governor of Ica
I am here to express my gratitude and my admiration for all you are doing to help poor people around the world , particularly in Peru .
It is very difficult to find words to express our gratitude .
We admire you .
The patients are very grateful for what you have done and you are always welcome in Ica .
共有ライブラリを動的にリンクすると、静的にリンクする場合よりもディスクを効率的に使用できる。それ以上に重要なのは、セキュリティのアップデートを簡単に実施できることだ。しかし、特定のバージョンの動的ライブラリを対象としてコンパイルされた実行形式ファイルは、そのバージョンの共有ライブラリが存在するコンピュータでしか実行できない。Fedora 9が稼働するコンピュータとopenSUSE
11が稼働するコンピュータでは、共有ライブラリのバージョンが微妙に違っていても不思議はない。このようなコンピュータ間で実行形式ファイルをコピーして実行すると、共有ライブラリのバージョンが異なるため正常に動作しないことがある。このような場合は、
ELF
Statifier を使って静的リンク版の実行形式ファイルを作成すると、実行時に共有ライブラリを探す代わりに、組み込まれた共有ライブラリが使用される。静的リンク版の実行形式ファイルは、別のLinuxディストリビューションや同じLinuxディストリビューションの別のバージョンでもずっと高い確率で動作する。
実行形式ファイルに共有ライブラリを静的にリンクすれば、当然その分ディスクの消費量は増える。しかし、最近はテラバイトを単位とする大容量のディスクさえあるので、ディスク容量の懸念はセキュリティの懸念ほど大きくない。実行形式ファイルが、ある共有ライブラリ ─ 仮にlibfooとでも呼んでおくが ─ と動的にリンクされている場合にlibfooのセキュリティ・アップデートが行われたとしよう。アプリケーションが動的にリンクされるとlibfooの共有コピーが更新されるため、古いlibfooにあったセキュリティの問題によってアプリケーションが脅かされることはなくなる。静的にリンクされた実行形式ファイルではこうはいかない。古いlibfooのプライベートなコピーが組み込まれたまま、それを使い続けることになる。新しいlibfooとセキュリティ・アップデートを取り入れるには、静的にリンクされた実行形式ファイルを再作成する必要がある。
このような事情はあるにせよ、Fedoraマシンでコンパイルしたデーモンを、デーモン本体と依存ファイルを再コンパイルしないで、そのままopenSUSEマシンで実行したいこともあるだろう。とりあえず今実行してみたい、再ビルドは必要なら後でもできる、そういった状況だ。もちろん、実行形式ファイルをコピーしてくるコンピュータと、このファイルを実行するコンピュータは、同じアーキテクチャでなければならない。
ELF Statifierは、1- ClickパッケージがopenSUSE
10.3向けに用意されているが、Ubuntu Hardy やFedoraには用意されていない。今回は、ELF
Statifieのバージョン1.6.14 をFedora 9マシン（x86）でソースからビルドした。ELF
Statifieで はautotoolsを使わないため、 make を呼び出してコンパイルする。次のコマンドでコンパイルとインストールを行う。
$ tar xzvf statifier - 1.6.14.tar.gz $ cd ./statifier -* $ make $ sudo make install
ELF Statifieを実際に試すサンプルとして、 ls バイナリの静的リンク版を以下のコマンドで作成してみよう。最初に動的リンク版の実行形式ファイルからコピーを作成し、何が動的にリンクされるのかを確認する。次にstatifierコマンドを実行するが、このときに1つ目の引数として動的リンク版の実行形式ファイルへのパスを指定し、2つ目の引数として静的リンク版を作成する場所へのパスを指定する。 ldd コマンドの実行結果を見ると、ls-staticで動的リンクライブラリが必要とされないことがわかる。その次のコマンドは、静的バージョンのlsではバイナリのサイズが大幅に増えていることを示している。
$ mkdir test $ cd ./ test $ cp - a / bin/ls ls-dynamic $ ls -lh - rwxr - xr-x 1 ben ben 112 K 2008-08-01 04:05 ls-dynamic $ ldd ls-dynamic linux - gate.so.1 => ( 0x00110000 ) librt.so.1 => /lib/librt.so.1 ( 0x00a3a000 ) libselinux.so.1 => /lib/libselinux.so.1 ( 0x00a06000 ) libacl.so.1 => /lib/libacl.so.1 ( 0x00d8a000 ) libc.so.6 => /lib/libc.so.6 ( 0x0084e000 ) libpthread.so.0 => /lib/libpthread.so.0 ( 0x009eb000 ) /lib/ld-linux.so.2 ( 0x0082e000 ) libdl.so.2 => /lib/libdl.so.2 ( 0x009e4000 ) libattr.so.1 => /lib/libattr.so.1 ( 0x0606d000 ) $ statifier ls-dynamic ls-static $ ldd ls-static not a dynamic executable $ ls -lh ls-static - rwxr -x --- 1 ben ben 2.0 M 2008 -10-03 12:05 ls-static $ ls-static /tmp ... $ ls-static -lh Segmentation fault
ご覧のとおり、静的リンク版のls は -l オプションを付けて実行するとクラッシュする。このセグメントエラーが起きる場合は、スタックのランダム化を無効にし、静的リンク版を再作成する必要がある。Linuxカーネルが提供するスタックとアドレス空間のランダム化機能は、スタックや実行形式ファイルのその他の重要な部分を格納する領域を実行のたびに変更するというものだ。バイナリを実行するたびにこういった領域がランダム化されることでlibc関数の場所が変わるため、return-to-libcなどの攻撃が阻止される。
randomize_va_spaceパラメータを以下のコマンドで変更すると、セキュリティのレベルがいくぶん低下する。実行形式ファイルへの攻撃だけでなく、バッファ・オーバーフローを利用してシステムに侵入する攻撃手口に対しても脆弱になる。アドレス空間がランダム化されないと、これらの攻撃はいずれも容易になるのだ。randomize_va_spaceパラメータを以下のように0に設定してからls-staticバイナリを再作成すると、コマンドは正常に動作する。静的リンク版を実行するには、スタック・ランダム化の機能は常に無効にしておく必要がある。
# cd / proc/sys / kernel # cat randomize_va_space 2 # echo -n 0 >| randomize_va_space # cat randomize_va_space 0
これ以外にも、statifierには若干の裏ワザがある。実行形式ファイルに対して環境変数を設定（または設定解除）することや、他のライブラリ（LD_PRELOADライブラリ）を実行形式ファイルに組み込むことができる。実行形式ファイルに対して他の環境変数を設定できることは、静的リンク版を作成したいバイナリが設定ファイルなどの他のリソースを見つける必要がある場合に便利だ。このようなバイナリにリソースが見つかる場所を環境変数を通じて通知できれば、そういった設定を静的リンク版の実行形式ファイルに直接組み込むことができる。
プリロード型の共有ライブラリを静的リンク版のバイナリに組み込む機能（LD_PRELOADing）は、おそらくあまり使われない機能だろう。1つの用途としては、静的にリンクされた実行形式ファイルをデフォルトで”ゴミ箱フレンドリ”にする（おそらくdelsafeを使用して）ことが挙げられる。この場合、同じコンピュータにソフトウェアを追加でインストールする必要はない。
バイナリのアドレス空間のランダム化によるセキュリティ対策は、ELF
Statifierの実行にとって妨げとなる。しかし、実行形式ファイルを別のLinuxマシンでも実行したいだけなら、ELF
Statifierを使うことで面倒な再コンパイルを避けられる。
Ben Martin
10年以上にわたってファイルシステムを研究。博士課程を修了し、現在、libferris、ファイルシステム、検索ソリューションを中心にコンサルティングをしている。
Linux.com 原文（2008年10月23日）
This site contains the latest information about events , activities and resources that support research and practice related to the Social Economy .
MUCH to the disgust of the solarium industry , the tough Victorian laws that resulted from Clare Oliver 's death 16 months ago are spreading Australia - wide .
Victorian regulations such as banning solarium use by under - 18s , mandatory skin tests and fines up to $ 680,000 will formally become law on February 1 .
And just to make sure the laws are obeyed , state Health Minister Daniel Andrews yesterday revealed that people aged under 18 will be visiting tanning centres undercover and attempting to use their services .
" It 's a sting , if you like , " he said .
Mr Andrews said the new laws were a reaction to Ms Oliver 's death to melanoma .
In the last months of her life the 26 - year - old fought a high - profile campaign against solariums , which she blamed for her illness .
While at the funeral of her own mother , she met a guy whom she did not know .
She thought this guy was amazing , so much the dream guy that she was searching for that she fell in love with him immediately .
However , she never asked for his name or number and afterward could not find anyone who knew who he was .
A few days later the girl killed her own sister .
Question :
Why did she kill her sister ?
First , find your own answer to this question .
Then , check out below for the answer .
Answer :
She reasoned that if the guy appeared at her mother 's funeral , then he might appear another family funeral .
If you answered this correctly , you think like a psychopath .
This was a test by a famous American psychologist used to test if one has the same mentality as a killer .
Many arrested serial killers took part in this test and answered correctly .
NOTE : This is not a true test , according to Snopes .
" As a quick ' n ' easy way to separate the sheep from the murderous goats , it would n't work . "
Author unknown
Moore 's Law dictates that chips will shrink and get more powerful
By Mark Ward
Technology Correspondent , BBC News website
Technology legend Gordon Moore may have been working at Intel when he thought up the law that bears his name , but it applies to any and every microprocessor .
Be the chip inside a PC , or mobile phone , the logic of Moore 's Law dictates that they will get progressively more powerful thanks to the inexorable progress of the semiconductor industry .
This has led the PC through successive generations - 286 , 386 , 486 , Pentium - and now mobile handsets are about to embark on a generational shift of their own .
More than 80 % of the chips inside mobile phones are designed by UK firm Advanced Risc Machines ( Arm ) and the most versatile phones of 2008 , such as Apple 's iPhone 3G , have one or more Arm 11 processing cores onboard .
The Arm 11 series debuted in 2003 and now , five years later , the phones and the applications they run are starting to stretch it to the limit .
Rob Coombs , a spokesman for Arm , said the Arm 11 was roughly 11 times the processing power of the Arm 7 chip that debuted in 1993 and is still used today in the most basic phones .
But now , said Mr Coombs , the Arm 11 family is starting to make way for the Cortex range of processors .
He claims the Cortex A9 series will have 30 - 100 times the processing power of those 1993 era chips .
Power plant
The first devices based around the Cortex A9 chips have started to appear .
Towards the end of 2008 , Archos released the A5 and A7 media tablets .
These use a 5 - or 7 - inch touch - screen that gives an owner access to movies , games and web surfing .
While Cortex A8 processors are found in some phones all have a single - processing core .
By contrast , all the chips in the Cortex A9 family are multi-core processors .
The Archos A5 and A7 are the first products to use the Cortex A9 chips " There are two main advantages to the multi- core approach , " said Richard Bramley , manager of architecture activities at chip firm ST NXP Wireless .
" Head room and power consumption . "
" It 's a way to keep going with Moore 's Law when you are running out of clock speed , " he said .
" The other big advantage everyone sees for multi- processing in mobile is power consumption . "
" You 're able to do much more on one battery charge , " he said .
" That 's very visible to the user . "
Multiple cores inside a mobile make it possible to use lower voltages to get roughly the same amount of work done .
Instead of one chip running flat out to get a job done two can work half as hard .
The advantage is , said Mr Bramley , that the chip runs at a lower temperature .
" A cooler device means a lower clock speed and lower leakage , " he said .
Having multiple processing cores should also mean that devices powered by them are much more responsive , said Mr Bramley .
With only a single processor , one job has to complete before another can get started .
By contrast with a multi - core chip jobs can be run in parallel .
" You can improve real time performance , " he said .
Mark Frankel , vice president of strategic marketing at mobile firm Qualcomm , said because Arm chips came from the mobile world they were quite modest in their power consumption .
Multi - core chips would likely extend this and perhaps mean that a device could run all day but let a user do many of the tasks familiar from low - end laptops .
" We see power differences in the several times range between [ Intel ] X86 and Arm architecture when these devices are in active mode , " said Mr Frankel .
" More importantly in standby and sleep modes in X86 you are drawing ten times more power than an inactive state , " he said .
Future fun Many have tried , and failed , to make a portable media device Brian Carlson , strategic marketing manager at TI , said the advent of Cortex A9 chips would change the way that people thought of what are now known as smartphones .
While gadgets such as the Apple iPhone , Google G1 and Nokia N97 are very versatile they still force people to endure delay while they surf the web , read e-mail or use other applications .
" When you do web browsing on your laptop that 's the kind of response times you come to expect , " said Mr Carlson .
The greater processing power of the Cortex A9 chips will make any device using them a candidate to take on the netbooks - small web - enabled devices that are currently proving so popular .
Taiwanese firm Asus has led the companies producing netbooks with its Eee PC range of machines .
But companies such as Dell , Intel and many others are also now producing small , web - enabled computers - fierce competition for Arm as it enters this market .
Intel in particular is targeting the mobile market with its Atom processor .
Whoever dominates the future of the net - connected , voice - capable computer market , all these portable machines will have a great deal more computer power under the hood , said Mr Carlson .
" That , " he said , " should enable a whole new class of applications . "
For instance , said Mr Carlson , the computer power could be used to create a gesture recognition system that would watch a user 's expression and navigate for them through a document , movie or music track depending on whether they were smiling or frowning .
He said : " You are going to be doing things with your phone you cannot imagine . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( CNN ) --
An atheist sign criticizing Christianity that was erected alongside a Nativity scene was taken from the Legislative Building in Olympia , Washington , on Friday and later found in a ditch .
The Freedom from Religion Foundation had a placard up in the Legislative Building in Olympia , Washington .
An employee from country radio station KMPS - FM in Seattle told CNN the sign was dropped off at the station by someone who found it in a ditch .
" I thought it would be safe , " Freedom From Religion Foundation co-founder Annie Laurie Gaylor told CNN earlier Friday .
" It 's always a shock when your sign is censored or stolen or mutilated .
It 's not something you get used to . "
The sign , which celebrates the winter solstice , has had some residents and Christian organizations calling atheists Scrooges because they said it was attacking the celebration of Jesus Christ 's birth .
" Religion is but myth and superstition that hardens hearts and enslaves minds , " the sign from the Freedom From Religion Foundation says in part .
The sign , which was at the Legislative Building at 6:30 a.m. PT , was gone by 7:30 a.m. , Gaylor said .
The incident will not stifle the group 's message , Gaylor said .
Before reports of the placard 's recovery , she said a temporary sign with the same message would be placed in the building 's Rotunda .
Gaylor said a note would be attached saying , " Thou shalt not steal . "
" I guess they do n't follow their own commandments , " Gaylor said .
" There 's nothing out there with the atheist point of view , and now there is such a firestorm that we have the audacity to exist .
And then [ whoever took the sign ] stifles our speech . "
Gaylor said that police are checking security cameras pointed at the building 's entrances and exits to see if they can see anyone stealing the sign .
" It 's probably about 50 pounds , " Gaylor said .
" My brother - in - law was huffing and puffing carrying it up the stairs .
It 's definitely not something you can stick under your arm or conceal . "
The Washington State Patrol , which is handling the incident , could not be reached for comment .
Dan Barker , a former evangelical preacher and co-founder of the group , said it was important for atheists to see their viewpoints validated alongside everyone else's .
Barker said the display is especially important given that 25 percent of Washington state residents are unaffiliated with religion or do not believe in God .
( A recent survey by the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life found 23 percent of Washingtonians said they were unaffiliated with a religion and 7 percent said they did n't believe in God . )
" It 's not that we are trying to coerce anyone ; in a way our sign is a signal of protest , " Barker said .
" If there can be a Nativity scene saying that we are all going to hell if we do n't bow down to Jesus , we should be at the table to share our views . "
He said if anything , it 's the Nativity scene that is the intrusion .
" Most people think December is for Christians and view our signs as an intrusion , when actually it 's the other way around , " he said .
" People have been celebrating the winter solstice long before Christmas .
We see Christianity as the intruder , trying to steal the holiday from all of us humans . "
The scene in Washington state is not unfamiliar .
Barker has had signs in Madison , Wisconsin , for 13 years .
The placard is often turned around so the message can't be seen , and one year , someone threw acid on it , forcing the group to encase it in Plexiglas .
In Washington , D.C. , the American Humanist Association began a bus ad campaign this month questioning belief in God .
" Why believe in a God ? " the advertisement asks .
" Just be good for goodness sake . "
That ad has caused the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority to field hundreds of complaints , the group said , but it has heard just as much positive feedback , said Fred Edwords , the association 's spokesman .
Edwords said the ad campaign , which features a shrugging Santa Claus , was not meant to attack Christmas but rather to reach out to an untapped audience .
Edwords maintains the campaign began in December mostly because the group had extra money left over for the year .
The connection to Christmas is a coincidence , he said .
" There are a lot of people out there who do n't know there are organizations like ours to serve their needs , " Edwords said .
" The thing is , to reach a minority group , in order to be heard , everyone in the room has to hear you , even when they do n't want to . "
The ad campaign , Edwords said , is to make people think .
He said he does n't expect to " convert " anyone .
But the Christian Coalition of America is urging members to oppose the advertisements .
" Although a number of humanists and atheists continue to attempt to rid God and Christmas from the public square , the American people are overwhelmingly opposed to such efforts , " Roberta Combs , the group 's president said in a press release .
" We will ask our millions of supporters to call the city of Washington , D.C. , and Congress to stop this un-Godly campaign . "
As far as the criticism goes , Edwords said there are far more controversial placards in Washington .
" That 's D.C. -- this is a political center , " he said .
" If I can see a placard with dead fetuses on it , I think someone can look at our question and just think about it . "
The anger over the display in Olympia began after it was assembled Monday .
The sentiment grew after some national media personalities called upon viewers to flood the phone lines of the governor 's office .
The governor 's office told The Seattle Times it received more than 200 calls an hour afterward .
" I happen to be a Christian , and I do n't agree with the display that is up there , " Washington Gov. Christine Gregoire told The Olympian newspaper .
" But that does n't mean that as governor , I have the right to deny their ability to express their free speech . "
For some , the issue is n't even that the atheists are putting their thoughts on display , but rather the way in which they are doing it .
" They are shooting themselves in the foot , " said iReport contributor Rich Phillips , who describes himself as an atheist .
" Everyone 's out there for the holidays , trying to represent their religion , their beliefs , and it's a time to be positive . "
The atheist message was never intended to attack anyone , Barker said .
" When people ask us , ' Why are you hateful ?
Why are you putting up something critical of people 's holidays ?
-- we respond that we kind of feel that the Christian message is the hate message , " he said .
" On that Nativity scene , there is this threat of internal violence if we do n't submit to that master .
Hate speech goes both ways . "
All About Christianity • Olympia • Atheism and Agnosticism
September 28 , 2019
New Deal Skateboards
Costa Mesa , California
For Immediate Release !
NEW DEAL x SHEPARD FAIREY SPECIAL SUPER LIMITED RELEASE EXCLUSIVE AUTHENTIC CAPSULE POP-UP COLLECTION ARTIST EDITION
http://newdealskateboards.com/shepard-fairey
New Deal Skateboard Products proudly announces NEW DEAL x SHEPARD FAIREY Special Super Limited Release Exclusive Authentic Capsule Pop - Up Collection Artist Edition , a collaboration with iconic street and museum artist Shepard Fairey , dropping at 3:43 pm pst on newdealskateboards.com .
OG street artist Shepard Fairey has helped shape our modern day visual culture with iconic imagery originating in an early 90's experiment in phenomenology featuring the infamous professional wrestler Andre the Giant .
But many current day fans of the artist ’s work do n't realize that as a teenager Fairey ripped on a skateboard and found early inspiration in the art and subversive voice of New Deal Skateboards , which actually helped inform his signature color palette , found today in his paintings , prints , and on murals in cities around the world .
In celebration of the anniversary of the launch of New Deal Skateboards 30 years ago , Fairey helped relaunch the brand with a groundbreaking exhibition of original New Deal art and ephemera in 2019 , including additional all - new reimagined artwork from over 40 artists , inspired by the brand .
Co-curated with New Deal founder Andy Howell and hailed by industry insiders as the " Cultural event of the year , " the NEW DEAL 1990 Exhibition at Shepard 's Subliminal Projects Gallery in Los Angeles brought together skateboarding legends Steve Caballero , Chad Muska , Ed Templeton , and Eli Morgan Gesner , as well as art icons including DALEK , Greg Mike , Jeremy Fish , and dynamic duo Kai & Sunny , among many others , in order to create a 2 month extended exhibition ( and an opening reception to remember ! ) .
Shepard described the exhibition as a celebration of the influence of New Deal brand and art within skateboarding , “ The New Deal 30th anniversary art show was a great concept because there ’s so many artists who were impacted by New Deal , who now have successful art careers .
The great thing about New Deal was that when it launched , it was saying , ‘ Hey , the art side is really , really crucial . ’
That was something that had always been important within skateboarding , but somehow was sort of relegated to behind the curtain in a sense .
Now being an artist within skateboarding is cool , you ’re out front about that .
To take the evolution of the culture that really New Deal was pushing from 30 years ago and look at where a lot of these artists are now , as well as younger artists who maybe the ripple effect is two generations deep , but they still were feeling the effects of what New Deal did .
It ’s pretty amazing . ”
Describing the original painting he made for the exhibition , iWARNING ADDICTIVE ! , Shepard explains , “ I was trying to find the perfect hybrid of my sensibility with my Obey Icon face , with New Deal .
I do a lot of illustrations using a spray can because a spray can is a tool that is essential to my art .
Where there was overlap between what Andy had done for New Deal and what I do with my own work .
I wanted to marry the two .
“ It ’s a tribute to that moment in skateboarding and how much it meant for me .
I would n’t have potentially used the spot colors I use in my work , red , black , and white , if I had n’t been inspired by both New Deal and then things like Russian constructivism and Barbara Kruger ’s work .
New Deal was a big part of that limited color palette . ”
Just weeks after the NEW DEAL 1990 exhibition , which launched on September 28th of 2019 , and prior to the scheduled release of a special artist series deck , art print , and T - Shirt collaboration , Shepard ’s original iWARNING - ADDICTIVE !
painting and 50 limited edition prints of the work from the exhibition , along with hundreds of other works of art , we destroyed in an electrical fire that took Andy Howell 's home and 30 - year art and skate collection .
Devastated by the loss ,
Andy reached out to Shepard to tell him of the news that all the art and prints had been destroyed , and Shepard responded with an offer that brought Andy to tears .
" Do n't worry , man , I 'll make you another one .
And we 'll get you those prints too .
In fact , I bet every artist in the collection would do the same . "
Fairey ’s kindness helped Andy make it through a very challenging first half of 2020 , and inspired him to push through to recreate the collaboration with the artist for release at the end of summer .
On Shepard 's suggestion , the release of the NEW DEAL x SHEPARD FAIREY ARTIST EDITION Capsule was aptly scheduled for September 28th , 2020 , exactly one year after the opening of the first NEW DEAL 1990 Exhibition at Subliminal Projects .
Shepard describes part of the draw of New Deal for him as a teenage skateboarder and artist was the witty and playfully subversive commentary in the ads and communications , as well as his inspiration for iWARNING ADDICTIVE ! , the painting on which this collaboration capsule is based .
“ Useless Wooden Toys , what a great name .
To take what ’s usually a disparaging commentary and turn it around and embrace it and say , ‘ Yeah .
Well , look at what we ’re doing with these useless wooden toys . ’
“ Then there was also this Surgeon General ’s warning which I slightly re-worked : ‘ The surgeon general has determined that skateboarding and art in any form are hazardous to the health of our society because they promote creativity and individuality at a young age .
Prolonged indulgence in these unacceptable activities can result in addiction and devastating amounts of enjoyment . ’
That , for me , is kind of an encapsulation of the way skateboarders take things and subvert them and in a witty , smart way .
The idea that everyone else is just a slave to the status quo or to conformity , but people who can think for themselves and create for themselves are such a threat .
That was right up my alley . ”
The NEW DEAL x SHEPARD FAIREY SPECIAL SUPER LIMITED RELEASE EXCLUSIVE AUTHENTIC CAPSULE POP-UP COLLECTION ARTIST EDITION features skateboard deck , art print , and t- shirt limited editions inspired by Fairey ’s original iWARNING - ADDICTIVE !
painting and the derivative work , which he re-created in early 2020 .
The collaboration between New Deal and Shepard Fairey kicks off the #newdealartistedition on the exclusive occasion of the 1 year anniversary of the 1st art exhibition celebrating the 30th anniversary of the original launch of the #newdealskateboards useless wooden toys company .
Visit newdealskateboards.com to view the capsule collection as well as exclusive inerview and studio visit with Shepard Fairey , all part of his #mynewdealstory .
http://newdealskateboards.com/shepard-fairey
About SHEPARD FAIREY
Shepard Fairey was born in Charleston , South Carolina .
He received his Bachelor of Fine Arts in Illustration at the Rhode Island School of Design in Providence , Rhode Island .
In 1989 he created the " Andre the Giant has a Posse " sticker that transformed into the OBEY GIANT art campaign , with imagery that has changed the way people see art and the urban landscape .
After 30 years , his work has evolved into an acclaimed body of art , which includes the 2008 " Hope " portrait of Barack Obama , found at the Smithsonian 's National Portrait Gallery .
In 2017 , the artist collaborated with Amplifier to create the We The People series , which was recognizable during the Women 's Marches and other rallies around the world in defense of national and global social justice issues .
Fairey 's stickers , guerilla street art presence , and public murals are recognizable worldwide .
His works are in the permanent collections of the Boston Institute of Contemporary Art , Museum of Modern Art ( MoMA ) , the Museum of Fine Arts Boston , the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art , the Smithsonian 's National Portrait Gallery , the Victoria and Albert Museum , and many others .
In 2019 , Shepard Fairey launched and toured " Facing the Giant : 3 Decades of Dissent , " a global exhibition and series of murals culminating with the 100th large - scale painted mural .
" Facing the Giant ” is a curated series of images chosen for their importance aesthetically and conceptually , and for addressing critical topics and themes frequently recurring throughout Fairey 's career .
This selection of works touches on phenomenology , self - empowerment , rebellion , abuse of power , environmental destruction , racism , gender equality , xenophobia , campaign finance reform , the military - industrial complex , propaganda , war and peace , and economic imperialism .
Since October 2019 , Fairey has painted several more murals , counting more than 105 painted worldwide and many more planned before COVID - 19 delays .
For more information , visit www.OBEYGIANT.com.
About NEW DEAL SKATEBOARDS
New Deal Skateboard Products was founded in 1990 by Paul Schmitt , Steve Douglas , and Andy Howell as a platform for its team riders and artists to freely express their creativity on and off the board .
In addition to the New Deal brand , the three founders launched Underworld Element ( later changing the name to Element Skateboards ) , Mad Circle ( created by pro team rider Justin Girard ) , 411 Video Magazine ( with team rider Josh Friedberg ) , and Zero Sophisto ( created by Andy Howell ) and other brands which have influenced skateboarding , art , and fashion culture .
Dissatisfied with suppressive board sponsors and the status quo of the skateboard industry , a group of skaters got together in early 1990 at a skate contest in Del Mar , California and plotted to change the paradigm .
Fueled by the unifying desire to control their own destinies in
an anti-sport that had drawn them together with the promise of free expression , Andy Howell , Steve Douglas , and Paul Schmitt , decided that they needed a “ New Deal . ”
With the help of their skater and artist friends , the group secretly developed a new company that , when launched in 1990 , would shock the skateboard industry .
New Deal Skateboard Products , emerged as a free - thinking , creatively - driven , skater - run brand , disregarding
industry expectations , and initiating a new voice in skateboarding with a series of firsts in trick innovation , deck science , graphics , and video .
New Deal also set a new precedent for streetwear with the release of Big Deals , the first baggy jeans for skateboarding , designed
by Howell , which became an iconic staple in action sports and transcended the industry as one of the first streetwear trends of the ‘90s .
For more information about New Deal Skateboard Products , visit newdealskateboards.com , follow the brand on Instagram at @newdealskateboards , on Facebook newdealskateboards , and on YouTube .
About ANDY HOWELL
Andy Howell is a legendary professional skateboarder , museum artist , and award - winning lifestyle and technology entrepreneur , with a rich history of building successful online and offline brands and experiences in skateboarding , art , fashion , beauty , technology , and youth popular culture .
He has won innovation awards and accolades in multiple industries , been named by idN Magazine as one of the Top 100 Creatives Worldwide , and has been a featured speaker at MIT ’s Media Lab .
For more information on Andy Howell visit his Linked In profile and follow him on Instagram at @andyhowell43 .
Advertisements
“ Brothers !
Oh , brothers !
We have all gathered here , to preserve our hallowed culture and heritage !
We aim to pull evil up by the root , before it chokes out the flower of our culture and heritage ! …
All those smart - ass folks say we come descended from monkeys !
That ’s not my culture and heritage .
Is it yours ? ”
– Homer Stokes , from O Brother , Where Art Thou ?
Religious conservatives are the one piece of the remaining patchwork of the conservative coalition that has remained generally supportive of President Bush .
This past week President Bush expressed doubts about the literal nature of the creation account ( to be more accurate we should say creation accounts ) in Genesis .
Bush went on to note that not every event reported in the bible literally happened .
At some level I am pleased by these declarations by Bush as my day job is that of a theologian .
I am not impressed with literal interpretations of scripture as they seem to ignore context , history , culture and any other mitigating factor that can impact the communication of meaning or intent .
I am not sure how well thought out Bush ’s reflections are , but they seem to be more nuanced than what he presented on the campaign trail in 2000 and 2004 .
Bush ’s speechwriters would litter his stump speeches with verses from popular Evangelical hymns .
This was a Trojan horse approach to the religion question .
Bush did not have to get red faced and start thumping a Bible to let conservative Christian voters know he was their candidate .
Voters of other religious persuasions were not off put because not having heard the hymns they simply thought of these lines as flowery rhetoric .
With no more elections to worry about , Bush has let down his guard and let some of his true beliefs be known .
This leaves Christian conservatives betrayed by the candidate who did the most to mobilize and unify their votes .
After all W. was in charge of mobilizing Christian conservatives for his father ’s 1988 campaign before cashing in those long cultivated alliances in 2000 and 2004 .
Advertisements
The after effect of Bush ’s subterfuge of appearing to be a literalist is as of now unknown .
It could lead a lot of religious conservatives to distance themselves from politics .
The rationale might be that political solutions are temporary and always incomplete due to the need to compromise and that the solutions such believers seek are of a more complete and eternal nature .
It could lead to a splintering of the Evangelical vote .
This has happened before as Catholics used to be a fairly reliable portion of the New Deal coalition .
Abortion politics and the rising incomes of Catholics further and further removed from immigrant beginnings has rendered the notion of a Catholic bloc in U.S. politics to be obsolete .
Maybe some Evangelicals will find that the marriage between their beliefs and laissez - faire economics to be a bad match .
Some combination of splintering of Evangelical votes and a loss of interest in politics seems to me to be a plausible long term outcome for a voting group that had just learned to fully flex its muscles in the 1990’s .
In the near term , I think the memory of power and the desire for reclaiming that influence will be too strong to see serious splintering or rising political apathy .
Barack Obama may even be a figure that galvanizes their cause by being objectionable to their brand of Christianity .
After all Obama is known to attend Church , Reverend Wright ’s brand of Christianity seems to reject the easy alliance of Christianity and patriotism that many Evangelicals take for granted .
Obama saw to it that people of faith were not frozen out of the proceedings at the Democratic convention , but he did so by promoting religious pluralism .
Anything but exclusivist Christianity is anathema to most religious conservatives .
Therefore , Obama may promote a counter narrative to their narrative of faith and opponents with rival conceptions of the role of faith in the public square are likely to raise more ire than a mere secularist opponents who propose differences be addressed by a thin layer of tolerance .
Assuming Obama ’s competing notions regarding faith and civic life galvanizes at least one more serious stand by religious conservatives , a champion or two will need to be raised up to carry the message to the people .
Someone will need to speak for the Homer Stokes ’ wing of the GOP .
Former Governor Mike Huckabee would seem to be a good choice as he has been governor , has a nice personal story , is a good communicator , was a Baptists minister , has creationist credentials , and is working on reuniting economic and religious conservatives .
Aww sHuckabee has one problem .
He lacks star power .
As much as the Republican Party has done to attack Hollywood and the idea of celebrity , it is obvious that they tend to go for larger than life types in politics .
The party of Ronald Reagan , Sonny Bono , Arnold Schwarzenegger , and Fred Thompson can hardly be said to be celebrity averse .
This holds unless the Terminator movies , Sonny and Cher , True Lies , Bedtime for Bonzo . ,
In the Line of Fire , Knute Rockne All American , and Law and Order are exempt from the influence of Hollywood .
GOP candidates often need a larger than life celebrity persona to be successful .
This leaves Governor Sarah Palin as a second possible standard bearer for the Homer Stokes ’ wing of the party .
She has religious conservative credentials .
Can anyone honestly not imagine her echoing Stokes ’ role in O Brother , Where Art Thou ? by asking “ Is you is or is you ai n’t my constituency ? ” during a stump speech ?
Palin faces her own set of obstacles in trying to lay claim to this wing of the party even if Senator Saxby Chambliss praised her impact above all in his Georgia senate run-off victory .
Joe the Plumber ’s recent ringing endorsement will not erase the Evangelical - Pentecostal divide .
Many Evangelicals are uncomfortable with the tongue speaking style of worship associated with Pentecostal Christians .
Palin has roots in the Pentecostal movement .
Lipstick and expensive clothes are supposed to run against the grain of the Christian counter - culture .
Some conservative Christians believe women should not be in leadership roles .
These three factors could undermine any attempt for Sarah Palin to take the reigns of voters jilted by W.’s public proclamation against the biological literalism of the first 3 chapters of Genesis .
Undoubtedly at least a few more politicians will throw their hat in the ring .
The problem is that unless a broad coalition promoting conservative ideals is formed , the GOP and religious conservatives are in trouble .
Demographically the nation is changing and if people from various subcultures feel alienated by the GOP they will not vote in their favor .
If wealthy people always vote Republican then California and New England would be in play in national elections .
The fact is state ’s with high per capita incomes are predictably democratic precisely because the cultures on each coast are too pluralistic to make Christian conservatism a viable option even if it might entail a tax break or two .
If the GOP wants to make more than cosmetic inroads in the House and Senate and recapture the White House any time soon , it has to find a way to keep Evangelicals on board while jettisoning as much exclusivist and sectarian rhetoric that alienates suburban and urban citizens .
This is no easy task .
By Ben Cohen
Sometimes , comedy is so much more effective than real journalism .
In this hilarious clip , Stephen Colbert shows O'Reilly asserting that he has not reported on Caroline Kennedy 's rumored affair ' because the factor does not report rumor ' , then cuts to a later clip when you guessed it .... Bill O'Reilly reports the rumored affair as fact .
Too funny :
The Colbert Report
Mon - Thurs 11:30 pm / 10:30
c
Bill O'Reilly Doesn't Report Rumors
Colbert Report Full Episodes
Colbert Report TicketsPaul McCartney Appearance
More Funny Videos
Democrat William Jefferson Loses Re-election bid
Louisiana voters finally had the chance to go to the polls on Saturday after some elections were postponed due to Hurricane Gustav and when the results were tallied disgraced congressman William Jefferson was on the outside looking in .
You remember Willaim Jefferson do n’t you .
He was the congressman who took rescuers away from their duty after Hurricane Katrina and used them to get his bribe money out of his house while people waited to be saved .
He saved his money instead of his constituents .
Here is part of what I wrote about almost two years ago about this man ’s actions after Hurricane Katrina when it was learned that Democrats were not going to punish him , just in case you have n’t heard the story before :
During the Katrina evacuation this man ordered a boat that was rescuing Katrina victims to bring him to his house .
The boat got stuck so they brought in another boat , which also got stuck .
They ended up bringing in a helicopter to get him out .
He was removing his freezer full of bribe money .
He took resources away from people helping the Katrina victims so he could hide his bribe money .
None of that mattered to his voters as he won re-election in 2006 , but yesterday the voters finally did the right thing and sent this man packing .
The tech - savvy Obama White House is suffering the inconvenience and embarrassment of an e-mail crash that has lasted several hours Monday afternoon , according to published reports .
The outage was announced at 1:30 p.m. during a regular briefing at which Press Secretary Robert Gibbs apologized to reporters for the administration 's failure to answer e-mails , reports say .
White House e-mails rely on an Outlook server that apparently crashed , but the administration did n't explain the exact cause of the outage .
The e-mail blackout is a little embarrassing to the new president , whose campaign embraced all forms of technology and made masterful use of it to raise funds , organize volunteers and disseminate information .
Obama himself is notorious for his BlackBerry addiction .
And he has committed to having traceable e-mails so he does n't wind up like his predecessor George W. Bush , whose administration lost thousands of them .
But today Obama 's staff was reduced to using ancient technologies such as photocopiers .
Rather than send attachments containing executive orders Obama signed , the press staff distributed printouts .
Bloggers were having fun with the predicament .
" Maybe that 's why Robert Gibbs wo n't return your e-mails -- actually , that 's not why he wo n't return your e-mails , but at least now he has an excuse , " says Mark Ambinder in his blog .
" Or maybe Mr. Obama 's top - secret Blackberry had thrown a kink into the works , " suggests the New York Times ' Caucus .
" Whatever the reason , Mr. Gibbs insisted it was no crisis , and seemed to see an upside in being disconnected -- at least for the time being .
' I 've had the calmest morning I 've had in about 5 years , ' he said . "
" Sorry dudes all the resumes you sent to the White House this morning were not received , because George Bush broke the emails before he left office , " Wonkette wrote .
While the problem had its lighter side , the administration would n't comment on whether the problem extended to other systems .
" We do n't comment on security issues , " one aide is quoted as saying .
Copyright 2009 IDG .
All Rights Reserved .
WordPress is quickly becoming the standard software for the majority of blogs .
This fact makes every major release of the software seem like a huge event , but the thing is that this time it is .
WordPress 2.7 comes with a huge number of changes , a good chunk of them making some older plugins redundant .
This will be a huge upgrade for all blog owners .
The following lists 20 of the biggest changes coming , but all together there have been over 400 changes to the program this time around .
Any way you slice it , there is a little bit of something for everyone in this release .
Take a look through and you 're sure to find something that appeals to you .
Unfortunately this is only available for the blogs on WordPress.com for now , but it will be released for self - hosted blogs on December 10th .
What are the changes you are most excited about ?
Comments
Close Comments
On Old Posts -
Sometimes it just does n't make sense to continue letting comments come in on an old post , and it is a favorite trick of spammers anyway .
WordPress 2.7 will allow you to close comments on older posts , eliminating the need for yet another plugin .
Comment Paging - Comments broken into pages instead of being a never ending bottom to your post .
Comment Replies From the Admin Section - A feature that has long been needed is the ability to reply to comments from your admin section without having to go to the front end of your blog .
Comment Threading -
It 's not just admin comment replies that are getting love , but all comments will now be in a threaded format .
Great for those long debates you get into about what " sux " or why someone is a " newb , " at last no one will be confused about to whom you are referring !
XMLRPC Comments API - Support for the XML - RPC protocol which is a simplified API that encodes your comments in XML and transports them via HTTP .
Keyboard Shortcuts For Comments
- Once you 're in your comments , you can use the keys j and k to navigate through the comments .
Once selected , some of the keys you can use will be " a " to approve , " s " to mark as spam and " d " to delete .
Theme & Plugin Related
One - Click Plugin Installs -
Another long time plugin favorite is going the way of the dinosaurs with the introduction of the ability to install plugins from the dashboard .
Plugin Browser - Browsing for plugins , one of the favorite pastimes of many bloggers , will be made easier by being able to do it without ever leaving your WordPress install .
Sticky Posts -
There have been numerous WordPress plugins over the years to make a post " sticky " so that it stays as the top post on your front page no matter how many posts you publish after it .
The feature has now been built in to the core program .
Updating the Core WordPress - Yet another WordPress plugin finds its way into the core WordPress program .
For those users who have n't used something like Fantastico or Simple Scripts to install their blog , there will now be a more automated way for you to keep up with all of those pesky security updates .
Theme Update API Notices -
You will receive updates when your installed themes are updated just like WordPress does now with plugins .
Greater Controls
Batch Editing for Posts -
Ever needed to edit the tags for several posts , but could n't do it because of the work involved ?
Batch editing will now allow you to do mass edits of your posts so that you can make as many changes as you want to your blog no matter how old it is .
Column Control -
On any management page that shows columns , you will now be able to choose which columns are shown and how .
Ping & Trackback Moderation -
With the ever increasing wave of " splogs " trackbacking your blog , there will finally be moderation of them in a more manageable , frame - like format .
QuickPress -
Ever wanted to just do a quick post without having to load the entire write page ?
Now you can directly from the Dashboard page with QuickPress .
Recent Drafts -
There will now be a module on your dashboard to get to your most recent drafts so you can quickly get access to your posts that are in progress .
Other Tweaks
Dashboard and Write Rearrangements -
There have been significant redesigns to navigation and general layouts of the dashboard and write pages .
PHPXref - Ever go slightly loopy trying to make sense of PHP files ?
PHPXref will help you by making PHP into easy to digest documents that you can read through .
All of this will be hosted on WordPress.org .
Image Size Tweaks - Thumbnail and Medium commands will stay the same , but Large will now be restricted to 1024 pixels , or the constraints of your theme .
If you want no restrictions and post insane sized pictures , you will now be able to select " Full Size " which will post your image at its original size .
You will also now see the dimensions for each size next to the radio buttons .
Redundant Coding -
Theme authors will be happy to see some changes to the wp_page_menu wrapper that will simplify their coding and add conveniences like making " Home " part of the list .
Interested in more WordPress resources ?
Check these out :
Holen Sie sich die News vom freien Markt !
Bitte dieses
Feld leer lassen Zur Datenschutzerklärung Datenschutz * Ich akzeptiere die Datenschutzerklärung .
— 4 - minute read
Over three years ago , I was faced with a dilemma .
I had recently switched to the Mac ( from Linux ) and was still using my text editor of choice ( vim ) , but at the time , vim ’s “ integration ” with OS X was pretty minimal ( and that ’s putting it optimistically ) .
I experimented with emacs , but it never clicked for me , and honestly , emacs on OS X was n’t all that better than vim at the time .
Sadly , reluctantly , I said good - bye to vim and switched to TextMate .
TextMate was ( and certainly still is ) a fantastic text editor .
The project drawer was awesome , finding files via cmd-T was super powerful , and smarter auto - completion and snippets promised a new and faster way to pound code .
After a couple of months of reteaching my fingers how to edit text , I was happy .
Sometimes , though , late at night , I would think again of vim .
Fast forward three years .
The vim landscape is different now .
There is actually a Mac - friendly GUI version of vim now , MacVim , which actually looks like it belongs on OS X . Vim 7 supports UI tabs , and a much more powerful auto - completion mechanism than before .
And plugins like rails.vim and fuzzyfinder.vim mean that TextMate no longer has a corner on powerful project navigation .
For the last few weeks I ’ve been toying with switching back to vim .
TextMate ’s “ snippet ” feature never clicked for me , and the only times I used it were by accident ( when it annoyed me more than it helped me ) , but I really was hooked on the project browser , and cmd-T , and a few other things .
I realized that , with a little work , perhaps a way could be found to reimplement most of the things I loved about TextMate , in vim .
This last week I ’ve worked exclusively in vim , to test that theory .
It ’s like coming home .
As I said , TextMate is a powerful and wonderful editor , too , but differently powerful and wonderful .
Vim ’s wonderfulness and power is the wonderfulness and power of git , or linux , where the learning curve is steep ( ridiculously steep at times ) , but the rewards of mastery are sublime .
I did n’t even realize I had missed a sane shift - J , or using the dot key to repeat the last command .
Fix transposition typos with ‘ xp ’ .
Select a single word with ‘ viw ’ .
Drop bookmarks with ‘ m ’ , and jump right back to them with single quote .
If any of that makes your stomach roil , then vim is not for you . :)
But to me , it ’s like being embraced by a long - lost friend after years apart .
And vim holds no grudges .
There was still the issue of the TextMate features that I had particularly come to love .
First to tackle was cmd-T , since my workflow had become so dependent on that for finding files .
Takeshi NISHIDA ’s fuzzyfinder.vim script seemed like exactly what I wanted … at first .
It ’s definitely a powerful tool , but the fuzzy finder for files was not TextMate ’s cmd-T , and my instinctive attempts to treat it so were causing me a lot of aggravation .
So I took an evening and wrote fuzzy_file_finder , a Ruby library that mimics ( and improves on , if I do say so myself ) TextMate ’s cmd-T functionality .
Then , I extended fuzzyfinder.vim with fuzzyfinder_textmate , which bound the fuzzy_file_finder to vim .
The result ?
See for yourself : http://s3.amazonaws.com/buckblog/videos/fuzzyfinder_textmate.mov
( 600 K , QuickTime video ) .
I ’m still working on a solution for the project browser .
Yes , I know there are several ( “ countless ” might be a more accurate term ) vim plugins that present a project drawer in a split window , but even before being spoiled by TextMate those did n’t feel right to me .
I ’m experimenting with a cocoa tree view that sends files to a specific vim server , and it mostly works , but I ’m still not sure it ’s the right solution .
If I do come up with something , I ’ll definitely open it up and share it .
( On the other hand , if any of you out there in readerland already know of such a thing , please point me at it ! )
So , I ’m still reacquaiting myself with all my old muscle memories , but here are some commands I was n’t previously very familiar with which are proving useful in conquering my TextMate habits :
:e [ file ] .
This is great if you do n’t want to use fuzzy finding .
Vim will even do tab completion to make things easier .
: ls .
Shows all of your buffers .
: buffer [ file ] .
Fantastic for quickly switching between buffers .
You can give it just part of a file name and it will jump to the buffer that matches .
The ctrl - 6 ( technically ctrl- caret ) key is awesome for switching back and forth between two buffers .
For instance , if I just need to quickly look at one buffer , I can jump right back to where I was with ctrl-caret .
ctrl - W introduces a whole host of options for working with split windows .
And lastly , can I just say that Vim is seriously the poster - child for documentation ?
I recommend spending 15 - 30 minutes , every day , in : help , just exploring .
There is a LOT there , and all excellently documented .
So , all you vimsters out there : what commands do you frequently use ?
What features of vim are you so dependent on that you ’d be useless without them ?
Do share !
( CNN ) -- Federal regulators have cleared the way for the first human trials of human embryonic stem - cell research , authorizing researchers to test whether the cells are safe to use in spinal injury patients , the company behind the trials announced Friday .
Embryonic stem cells are blank cells found in embryos , which have the ability to turn into any cell in the body .
The tests could begin by summer , said Dr. Thomas Okarma , president and CEO of the Geron Corporation .
The Food and Drug Administration has approved the trials , which will use human stem cells authorized for research by then - President George W. Bush in 2001 .
The patients will be those with the most severe spinal cord injuries , called complete spinal cord injuries .
" A complete spinal cord injury has no hope of recovery below the injury , " Okarma told CNN .
" This is significant because it 's the first clinical trial of a human embryonic - based product . "
Watch more on stem cell research »
The primary purpose of the trial will be to see whether injecting these cells into patients is safe , but Okarma said researchers will also look for any signs of recovery .
Scientists will monitor the patients for a year after the injections to see if they are regaining any function below the injured point .
" If there is any movement below the injury , they will measure that and record it , " he said .
The trials will involve eight to 10 patients who are completely paralyzed below the third to tenth vertebra , and who sustained their spinal cord injury within seven to 14 days .
The tests will use stem cells cultured from embryos left over in fertility clinics , which otherwise would have been discarded .
Using the stem cells , researchers have developed cells called oligodendrocytes , which are precursors to nerve cells and which produce a protective layer around nerve cells known as myelin .
Researchers will inject these nerve cells directly into the part of the spine where the injury occurred .
Embryonic stem cells are blank cells found in four - to five - day - old embryos , which have the ability to turn into any cell in the body .
However , when stem cells are removed , the embryo is destroyed -- which has made this one of the most controversial medical research fields in the past decade .
Federal research funds were prohibited for embryonic stem - cell research until August 2001 , when Bush approved spending for research using only already - existing cell lines .
Scientists later discovered that fewer than two dozen of those lines were useful for research , but abortion opponents opposed any legislation that would lift Bush 's restrictions , and Bush twice vetoed congressional efforts to roll back his rules .
President Obama is expected to loosen the restrictions , which many researchers and advocates have complained severely set back work toward curing disease such as Alzheimer 's , Parkinson 's and diabetes .
Okarma said Geron did not use any federal funding for its research , and that the Bush restrictions had " devastated the field . "
" People did n't think this would happen for another five years , " Okarma said .
" But it will happen soon , and it would have happened sooner if it were n't for the ridiculous Bush policies . "
Geron owns patents on and licenses the procedure to make these stem cell lines .
The company spent $ 45 million of its own to produce everything required to get approval for the upcoming trial , Okarma said .
At least two other companies have said they plan to begin conducting embryonic stem - cell tests in humans , but only Geron has received FDA approval .
Another U.S. company , Reneuron , plans to conduct trials involving stem cells taken from fetal tissue in Britain this year .
Other companies have developed stem cells from adult tissue , sidestepping the controversy .
In addition to producing stem cells to treat spinal cord injuries , Geron says , it has seven other types of cells derived from stem cells in its pipeline .
Okarma said FDA scrutiny was stringent , and that researchers studied the cells in petri dishes and in animals before obtaining permission to test them in humans .
Getting approval was made harder and took longer because the FDA had no other peer - reviewed research outside of Geron 's to consult as it reviewed the proposal , he said .
The trials are not expected to start until summer , because many of the preparations could not begin until Geron had FDA approval , Okarma said .
Researchers have to be educated about how to use the stem cells , how to prepare their laboratories for the research and how to read all the magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) of the patients in the same way .
" We [ also ] have to train surgeons how to inject the stem cells , " Okarma explained .
His company even developed a device that is mounted to the operating table to help surgeons inject the stem cells .
Geron still has to select the four to seven sites for the clinical trials , Okarma said .
The first human embryonic stem cells were developed by Jamie Thomson at the University of Wisconsin - Madison in 1998 .
All About Stem Cell Research • George W. Bush
According to researchers at Oxford University , playing the popular , classic puzzle game Tetris after a traumatic experience could significantly reduce emotional scars .
Apparently Tetris — which requires serious brain power on your part — blocks your brain from storing those bad memories .
The catch :
It needs to be played immediately following the traumatic event , so break out your old Game Boys and stick 'em in your emergency kit .
Photo by Micah Taylor . [ via ]
Advertisement
The New Republic magazine has an excellent article about drug addiction among anaesthetists .
It tracks the story of one rising star in the speciality who became addicted and discusses discussing why opioid dependence is still a problem in the field .
It ’s probably worth stressing that while anaesthetists have the highest rates of opioid addiction among doctors , the absolute rates are still actually quite low .
A 2002 study found level of drug abuse in the US to be 1.0 % among faculty members and 1.6 % among residents ( junior doctors ) , and ‘ drug abuse ’ here does n’t entail addiction – it just describes illicit use of controlled substances .
However , the increased rates of drug use are certainly cause for concern , this is from a review article on ‘ Addiction and Substance Abuse in Anesthesiology ’ published last year :
Anesthesiologists ( as well as any physician ) may suffer from addiction to any number of substances , though addiction to opioids remains the most common .
As recently as 2005 , the drug of choice for anesthesiologists entering treatment was an opioid , with fentanyl and sufentanil topping the list .
Other agents , such as propofol , ketamine , sodium thiopental , lidocaine , nitrous oxide , and the potent volatile anesthetics , are less frequently abused but have documented abuse potential .
Alcoholism and other forms of impairment impact anesthesiologists at rates similar to those in other professions .
The New Republic article is an engaging look at this issue that manages to tackle both the human issues and the view from the medical literature .
If you ’re interested in the history of anaesthesia , ABC Radio National ’s
In Conversation recently had a fascinating discussion with historian Stephanie Snow , who ’s just written a book on the subject called Blessed Days Of Anaesthesia .
It has loads of intriguing nuggets of information , such as the fact that resistance to the introduction to effective pain killing was bolstered by moral arguments as to the necessity of pain , but also scientific theories about the nervous system that suggested it was essential during operations to keep the body functioning .
A fascinating insight into early thinking about the value of pain .
Link to The New Republic article ‘ Going Under ’ ( via MeFi ) .
Link to In Conversation on ‘ Blessed Days Of Anaesthesia ’ .
( 28 Dec 2011 : updated links – thanks Tom ! )
Plumbers in London
Emergency Plumbing and Heating Services in London
London plumbers with a difference .
Welcome to our website .
Bates Heating and Plumbing are both CORGI and GAS SAFE registered London Plumbers ; we cover all areas within the M25 .
All of our plumbers in London are time served , they also have a wide knowledge and experience of both modern and old types of plumbing systems and boilers .
Should you require a reliable emergency plumber in London at any time of the day or night , then our emergency plumbing service is always available , so please contact us on the above telephone number .
Our Central London plumbers take pride in their work , with all plumbing jobs carried out professionally and promptly .
We always treat your property with respect and leave it , in a clean and tidy condition on completion of work .
If you 're tired and frustrated at waiting around all day for a plumber in London to arrive when your central heating boiler breaks down or your hot water cylinder is leaking .
Our emergency plumbers in London are reliable and flexible to arrive at a time that best suits you .
Central heating installations , boiler repairs and replacements .
We are Worcester Bosch Accredited Installers of their central heating gas boilers and solar hot water heating panels in London .
This means that whilst we are not tied to install their boilers , our heating engineers install service and repair Worcester Bosch boilers and can offer our customers advice on the best boiler and heating system for your needs and property .
More importantly , we can offer you an extended warranty on Worcester Bosch high efficiency central heating boilers .
This is an addition to the standard warranties available from other London central heating installation companies .
Our heating installers work neatly and tidily and protect your property at all times .
Once they have completed installing the boiler or central heating system , they will show you how to use and set the new controls that best suits you the customer .
If you would like a free quotation on either a new boiler installation or full central heating system then please contact us .
Solar hot water heating London .
Bates Heating and Plumbing are also accredited Vaillant and Worcester solar hot water heating installers .
We are certified by both BPEC and Logic Certification .
So if when you need to replace your existing boiler for a new energy efficient , cost effective condensing boiler .
Or renewing your existing inefficient hot water system you could also consider the various alternatives to the traditional heating systems .
By having solar heated panels fitted to your property is an excellent way of saving money on future fuel bills .
We can design , install and give you unbiased friendly advice on the installation of solar hot water heating .
We have a proven track record on the installation of solar panels both with evacuated tubes and flat panels .
Please get in touch if you would like a free quote on a solar hot water heating system .
Central Heating installations
Radiators
Gas Safety Certificates
Solar Heating Panels
Bathrooms
Immersion Heaters
Unvented Hot Water Cylinders
Cold Water Storage Tanks
Waste Disposal
Diverter Valves
Pumps
Combination Boilers
Other trades
Bates Heating and Plumbing can also supply the following quality , first class , time served tradesmen in London ; electricians , bricklayers , plasterers , decorators , painters , carpenters , general builders .
So should you wish to carry out a construction project , loft conversion , convert a garage , build an extension , full refurbishment or just modernise an existing property in London .
We can help you plan , design and guide you through the process .
Our charges
Unlike other plumbing companies , we actually do believe in clear , upfront , transparent and competitive pricing on all of our work .
All of our work / time is chargeable .
We keep our overheads ( like personlised number plates ) to a minimum and thereby keep our customers costs reasonable .
We have no reason to offer gift vouchers or discounts to entice our customers unlike others as we do not overcharge them in the first place .
For more information on our charges for various types of plumbing , heating and gas work please visit our company charges page .
For your convenience we accept payments by the following cheque , cash , bank transfer or credit / debit card payments , with all card payments being made by secure chip and pin .
As a professional heating and London plumbing company , Bates Heating and Plumbing London are registered with Gas Safe .
The Gas Safe Register has replaced CORGI in Great Britain and the Isle of Man .
The register exists to protect you , your family , and your property from dangerous gas work .
By law , anyone carrying out work on gas installations and appliances in your home must be on the Gas Safe Register .
' We have used Bates Heating & Plumbing Ltd , for over five years now , for all of our plumbing and heating problems .
Clasper Property Services
Ltd has a large portfolio of high profile clients , who require a friendly , prompt and excellent service .
We have no hesitation in recommending Bates Heating & Plumbing Ltd as a courteous and reliable business to deal with . '
Barry Nichol , Contracts Manager
Travis Barker Files Lawsuit Two Months After Plane Crash
, punk musician and former Blink - 182 drummer , has filed a lawsuit against several companies whose actions he claims caused the plane crash in South Carolina on September 19 , 2008 .
He was badly burned and several of his friends were killed after the charter Learjet burst into flames after an aborted takeoff .
Barker is suing Global Exec Aviation , a Long Beach charter company , as well as Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company , and an airplane maintenance company .
The suit seeks damages for pain and suffering , disfigurement , loss of earnings as well as medical and legal expenses .
The suit claims that the companies named are responsible for improperly operating and maintaining the Learjet that overshot the runway and burst into flames .
The lawsuit further alleges that the Learjet was ' defective ' and faults pilots , claiming they were improperly trained and should have tried to take off .
Two pilots were killed , along with Barker 's assistant , Chris Baker , and his bodyguard , Charles Moore Still .
In a statement , Goodyear spokesman Ed Markey said it was " unfortunate " the suit was filed before the NTSB investigation is finalized .
" It is too early to speculate on a cause . "
Thelma Martin Still , who lost her son in the crash , has joined the lawsuit , seeking damages for grief and sorrow , funeral expenses and loss of earnings .
Check out a photo from 2003 below .
Girls get older , they make babies , and their pussies just do n’t stay the same age .
Like anything shit needs work … diet and exercise – which is why we partnered up with our friends at LoveLife who sent us up a few samples of this KEGEL training device that has pressure measuring control and personal training programs – strictly designed – for women to insert in themselves to train their PC muscles to get stronger , tighter , and capable of grabbing things when her hands are pre-occupied doing laundry , the dishes , making dinner , and all other things wives , moms , girlfriends , do when they are n’t cheating on your pathetic misogynistic ass … .
I gave the samples to a mom , I put one in my ass to test it , felt good , and the other to some girl who always talks about how big her vagina is …. and all were very excited to get their pussy fitness on … .
Now the real winner in a PC MUSCLE KEGEL app and device is the person your wife or girl in your life who you ’ve neglected for so long is actually having sex with , but it will make her happy and as they say a happy wife / happy life – so you might as well get her something that improves her life today – Black Friday – The first day of Christmas Shopping …
I do n’t know about you – but I like tight pussy ….so
GET THE FLOPPY MOM PUSSY – OR REALLY ANY PUSSY IN YOUR LIFE – AN APP AND DEVICE TO TIGHTEN THE SHIT – SO THAT YOUR SMALL DICK FINALLY FEELS SOMETHING – NOT THAT SHE EVEN FUCKS YOU
HERE
Get Your Girl a Tighter Pussy for Christmas of the Day
Posted in : SFW|Videos
WASHINGTON -- Government officials seeking to revamp the U.S. financial bailout have discussed spending another $ 1 trillion to $ 2 trillion to help restore banks to health , according to people familiar with the matter .
President Barack Obama 's new administration is wrestling with how to stem the continuing loss of confidence in the financial system , as it divides up the remaining $ 350 billion from the $ 700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program launched last fall .
The potential size of rescue efforts being discussed suggests ...
Federal Reserve sets Stage for
Weimar - style Hyperinflation
By F. William Engdahl , 15 December 2008
The Federal Reserve has bluntly refused a request by a major US financial news service to disclose the recipients of more than $ 2 trillion of emergency loans from US taxpayers and to reveal the assets the central bank is accepting as collateral .
Their lawyers resorted to the bizarre argument that they did so to protect ' trade secrets . '
Is the secret that the US financial system is de facto bankrupt ?
The latest Fed move is further indication of the degree of panic and lack of clear strategy within the highest ranks of the US financial institutions .
Unprecedented Federal Reserve expansion of the Monetary Base in recent weeks sets the stage for a future Weimar - style hyperinflation perhaps before 2010 .
On November 7 Bloomberg filed suit under the US Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) requesting details about the terms of eleven new Federal Reserve lending programs created during the deepening financial crisis .
The Fed responded on December 8 claiming it 's allowed to withhold internal memos as well as information about ' trade secrets ' and ' commercial information . '
The central bank did confirm that a records search found 231 pages of documents pertaining to the requests .
The Bernanke Fed in recent weeks has stepped in to take a role that was the original purpose of the Treasury 's $ 700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) .
The difference between a Fed bailout of troubled financial institutions and a Treasury bailout is that central bank loans do not have the oversight safeguards that Congress imposed upon the TARP .
Perhaps those are the ' trade secrets the hapless Fed Chairman , Ben Bernanke , is so jealously guarding from the public .
Coming hyperinflation ?
The total of such emergency Fed lending exceeded $ 2 trillion on Nov. 6 .
It had risen by an astonishing 138 percent , or $ 1.23 trillion , in the 12 weeks since Sept. 14 , when central bank governors relaxed collateral standards to accept securities that were n't rated AAA .
They did so knowing that on the following day a dramatic shock to the financial system would occur because they , in concert with the Bush Administration , had decided to let it occur .
On September 15 Bernanke , New York Federal Reserve President , Tim Geithner , the new Obama Treasury Secretary - designate , along with the Bush Administration , agreed to let the fourth largest investment bank , Lehman Brothers , go bankrupt , defaulting on untold billions worth of derivatives and other obligations held by investors around the world .
That event , as is now widely accepted , triggered a global systemic financial panic as it was no longer clear to anyone what standards the US Government was using to decide which institutions were ' too big to fail ' and which not .
Since then the US Treasury Secretary has reversed his policies on bank bailouts repeatedly leading many to believe Henry Paulson and the Washington Administration along with the Fed have lost control .
In response to the deepening crisis , the Bernanke Fed has decided to expand what is technically called the Monetary Base , defined as total bank reserves plus cash in circulation , the basis for potential further high - powered bank lending into the economy .
Since the Lehman Bros. default , this money expansion rose dramatically by end October at a year - year rate of growth of 38 % , has been without precedent in the 95 year history of the Federal Reserve since its creation in 1913 .
The previous high growth rate , according to US Federal Reserve data , was 28 % in September 1939 , as the US was building up industry for the evolving war in Europe .
By the first week of December , that expansion of the monetary base had jumped to a staggering 76 % rate in just 3 months .
It has gone from $ 836 billion in December 2007 when the crisis appeared contained , to $ 1,479 billion in December 2008 , an explosion of 76 % year - on - year .
Moreover , until September 2008 , the month of the Lehman Brothers collapse , the Federal Reserve had held the expansion of the Monetary Base virtually flat .
The 76 % expansion has almost entirely taken place within the past three months , which implies an annualized expansion rate of more than 300 % .
Despite this , banks do not lend further , meaning the US economy is in a depression free - fall of a scale not seen since the 1930's .
Banks do not lend in large part because under Basle BIS lending rules , they must set aside 8 % of their capital against the value of any new commercial loans .
Yet the banks have no idea how much of the mortgage and other troubled securities they own are likely to default in the coming months , forcing them to raise huge new sums of capital to remain solvent .
It 's far ' safer ' as they reason to pass on their toxic waste assets to the Fed in return for earning interest on the acquired Treasury paper they now hold .
Bank lending is risky in a depression .
Hence the banks exchange $ 2 trillion of presumed toxic waste securities consisting of Asset - Backed Securities in sub - prime mortgages , stocks and other high - risk credits in exchange for Federal Reserve cash and US Treasury bonds or other Government securities rated ( still ) AAA , i.e. risk - free .
The result is that the Federal Reserve is holding some $ 2 trillion in largely junk paper from the financial system .
Borrowers include Lehman Brothers , Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase , the US 's largest bank by assets .
Banks oppose any release of information because that might signal ' weakness ' and spur short - selling or a run by depositors .
Making the situation even more drastic is the banking model used first by US banks beginning in the late 1970's for raising deposits , namely the acquiring of ' wholesale deposits ' by borrowing from other banks on the overnight interbank market .
The collapse in confidence since the Lehman Bros. default is so extreme that no bank anywhere , dares trust any other bank enough to borrow .
That leaves only traditional retail deposits from private and corporate savings or checking accounts .
To replace wholesale deposits with retail deposits is a process that in the best of times will take years , not weeks .
Understandably , the Federal Reserve does not want to discuss this .
That is clearly also behind their blunt refusal to reveal the nature of their $ 2 trillion assets acquired from member banks and other financial institutions .
Simply put , were the Fed to reveal to the public precisely what ' collateral ' they held from the banks , the public would know the potential losses that the government may take .
Congress is demanding more transparency from the Federal Reserve and US Treasury on its bailout lending .
On December 10 in Congressional hearings by the House Financial Services Committee , Representative David Scott , a Georgia Democrat , said Americans had ' been bamboozled , ' slang for defrauded .
Hiccups and Hurricanes
Fed Chairman Ben S. Bernanke and Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said in September they would meet congressional demands for transparency in a $ 700 billion bailout of the banking system .
The Freedom of Information Act obliges federal agencies to make government documents available to the press and public .
In early December the Congress oversight agency , GAO , issued its first mandated review of the lending of the US Treasury 's $ 700 billion TARP program ( Troubled Asset Relief Program ) .
The review noted that in 30 days since the program began , Henry Paulson 's office had handed out $ 150 billion of taxpayer money to financial institutions with no effective accountability of how the money is being used .
It seems Henry Paulson 's Treasury has indeed thrown a giant ' tarp ' over the entire taxpayer bailout .
Further adding to the troubles in the world 's former financial Mecca , the US Congress , acting on largely ideological grounds , shocked the financial system when it refused to give even a meager $ 14 billion emergency loan to the Big Three automakers - General Motors , Chrysler and Ford .
While it is likely that the Treasury will extend emergency credit to the companies until January 20 or until the newly elected Congress can consider a new plan , the prospect of a chain - reaction bankruptcy collapse of the three giant companies is very near .
What is being left out of the debate is that those three companies account for a combined 25 % of all US corporate bonds outstanding .
They are held by private pension funds , mutual funds , banks and others .
If the auto parts suppliers of the Big Three are included , an estimated $ 1 trillion of corporate bonds are now at risk of chain - reaction default .
Such a bankruptcy failure could trigger a financial catastrophe which would make what has happened since Lehman Bros.
appear as a mere hiccup in a hurricane .
As well , the Federal Reserve 's panic actions since September , by their explosive expansion of the monetary base , has set the stage for a Zimbabwe - style hyperinflation .
The new money is not being ' sterilized ' by offsetting actions by the Fed , a highly unusual move indicating their desperation .
Prior to September the Fed 's infusions of money were sterilized , making the potential inflation effect ' neutral . '
Defining a Very Great Depression
That means once banks begin finally to lend again , perhaps in a year or so , that will flood the US economy with liquidity in the midst of a deflationary depression .
At that point or perhaps well before , the dollar will collapse as foreign holders of US Treasury bonds and other assets run .
That will not be pleasant as the result would be a sharp appreciation in the Euro and a crippling effect on exports in Germany and elsewhere should the nations of the EU and other non-dollar countries such as Russia , OPEC members and , above all , China not have arranged a new zone of stabilization apart from the dollar .
The world faces the greatest financial and economic challenges in history in coming months .
The incoming Obama Administration faces a choice of literally nationalizing the credit system to insure a flow of credit to the real economy over the next 5 to 10 years , or face an economic Armageddon that will make the 1930's appear a mild recession by comparison .
Leaving aside what appears to have been blatant political manipulation by the present US Administration of key economic data prior to the November election in a vain attempt to downplay the scale of the economic crisis in progress , the figures are unprecedented .
For the week ended December 6 initial jobless claims rose to the highest level since November 1982 .
More than four million workers remained on unemployment , also the most since 1982 and in November US companies cut jobs at the fastest rate in 34 years .
Some 1,900,000 US jobs have vanished so far in 2008 .
As a matter of relevance , 1982 , for those with long memories , was the depth of what was then called the Volcker Recession .
Paul Volcker , a Chase Manhattan appendage of the Rockefeller family , had been brought down from New York to apply his interest rate ' shock therapy ' to the US economy in order as he put it , ' to squeeze inflation out of the economy . '
He squeezed far more as the economy went into severe recession , and his high interest rate policy detonated what came to be called the Third World Debt Crisis .
The same Paul Volcker has just been named by Barack Obama as chairman - designate of the newly formed President 's Economic Recovery Advisory Board , hardly grounds for cheer .
The present economic collapse across the United States is driven by the collapse of the $ 3 trillion market for high - risk sub - prime and Alt - A home mortgages .
Fed Chairman
Bernanke is on record stating that the worst should be over by end of December .
Nothing could be farther from the truth , as he well knows .
The same Bernanke stated in October 2005 that there was ' no housing bubble to go bust . '
So much for the predictive quality of that Princeton economist .
The widely - used S&P Schiller - Case US National Home Price Index showed a 17 % year - year drop in the third Quarter , trend rising .
By some estimates it will take another five to seven years to see US home prices reach bottom .
In 2009 as interest rate resets on some $ 1 trillion worth of Alt - A US home mortgages begin to kick in , the rate of home abandonments and foreclosures will explode .
Little in any of the so - called mortgage amelioration programs offered to date reach the vast majority affected .
That process in turn will accelerate as millions of Americans lose their jobs in the coming months .
John Williams of the widely - respected Shadow Government Statistics report , recently published a definition of Depression , a term that was deliberately dropped after World War II from the economic lexicon as an event not repeatable .
Since then all downturns have been termed ' recessions . '
Williams explained to me that some years ago he went to great lengths interviewing the respective US economic authorities at the Commerce Department 's Bureau of Economic Analysis and at the National Bureau of Economic Research ( NBER ) , as well as numerous private sector economists , to come up with a more precise definition of ' recession , ' ' depression ' and ' great depression . '
His is pretty much the only attempt to give a more precise definition to these terms .
What he came up with was first the official NBER definition of recession :
Two or more consecutive quarters of contracting real GDP , or measures of payroll employment and industrial production .
A depression is a recession in which the peak - to - bottom growth contraction is greater than 10 % of the GDP .
A Great Depression is one in which the peak - to - bottom contraction , according to Williams , exceeds 25 % of GDP .
In the period from August 1929 until he left office President Herbert Hoover oversaw a 43 - month long contraction of the US economy of 33 % .
Barack Obama looks set to break that record , to preside over what historians could likely call the Very Great Depression of 2008 - 2014 , unless he finds a new cast of financial advisers before Inauguration Day , January 20 .
Required are not recycled New York Fed presidents , Paul Volckers or Larry Summers types .
Needed is a radically new strategy to put virtually the entire United States economy into some form of an emergency ' Chapter 11 ' bankruptcy reorganization where banks take write - offs of up to 90 % on their toxic assets , that , in order to save the real economy for the American population and the rest of the world .
Paper money can be shredded easily .
Not human lives .
In the process it might be time for Congress to consider retaking the Federal Reserve into the Federal Government as the Constitution originally specified , and make the entire process easier for all .
If this sounds extreme , perhaps revisit this article in six months again .
PRINT VERSION
Brazilian hackers have gamed the government logging permitting processs , enabling the wanton theft of Amazon resources .
Associated PressBrazilian authorities are investigating a hacking ring controlled by logging companies that allowed harvesters to plunder rain forest resources protected under government quotas .
The authorities — who have arrested more than 30 people implicated in the scandal and are said to be eying 200 more — allege hackers from logging and charcoal concerns have unlawfully accessed government logging databases .
The intrusions allowed them to obtain extra " transport permits " to remove resources from the Amazon .
Permits are tied to a set amount of volume .
Environmental group Greenpeace estimates 1.7 million cubic meters of illegal timber has been harvested because of the hacks .
The group says that 's enough wood to fill 780 Olympic - size swimming pools .
Federal authorities are also suing timber companies to recoup an estimated $ 883 million in purloined resources , Greenpeace said .
" Almost half of the companies involved in this scam have other lawsuits pending for environmental crimes or the use of slave labor , " federal prosecutor Daniel Avelino said in a statement .
Andre Muggiati , a Greenpeace official in Brazil , said that " by hacking into the permit system , these companies have made their timber shipments appear legal and compliant with the forest management plans . "
See Also :
Blondie star Debbie Harry ditches the grey - haired OAP look for a younger , sexier image
Former punk rock pin-up Debbie Harry may need to start sharing her beauty secrets .
The 63 - year - old singer unveiled an astonishingly younger look at a fashion party on the weekend , prompting onlookers to wonder just how she did it .
Just two years ago , Debbie was seen looking every one of her 60 - something years .
But now it seems she may have taken evasive action , as she emerged onstage at New York 's Bowery Ballroom looking younger than ever .
Younger and fresher : Blondie rock veteran Debbie Harry unveiled a younger look than in recent years at an event in New York on the weekend .
Debbie was attending a tribute to the late fashion designer Stephen Sprouse , hosted by Louis Vuitton at the Bowery Ballroom in New York on January 8 where she performed a mini concert .
Looking as she had all the energy of her youth , her feline features looked surprisingly line - free , and her hair long and lush , just like in her heyday .
Clearly , pictures of the artist in recent years looking more like a pensioner than a pop pin-up have spurred her into action .
Rolling back the years : Debbie , 63 , appears to be ageing in reverse
Debbie has admitted in the past that she has had cosmetic surgery for ' business reasons ' and says that getting a facelift has helped give her career longevity .
She has said : ' Yeah , I had a facelift years ago .
Why not ?
It gives you all the things you need to be part of the action .
I do n’t feel like hiding myself away . '
The singer has always been open about her cosmetic surgery .
She added : ' Everybody knows that I ’ve had plastic surgery .
I did it for business reasons .
' You photograph better , and looks are a key part of being an entertainer , so I felt it was something I had to do .
All sorts of horrific things happen in life - why make it worse by worrying about getting older ?
Do some charity work , or learn a new skill instead . '
Debbie 's changed look is clearly a sign that she 's not ready to give up her time in the spotlight .
The singer has sang in various bands since the seventies and still tours as a solo artist .
Debbie has admitted to having plastic surgery for her ' business reasons '
With the battle over an initiative to ban gay marriage apparently tightening , $ 3.6 million in large contributions has poured into the No on Proposition 8 campaign in the past week — narrowing the huge fundraising advantage enjoyed by proponents of the measure .
The developments set up what is likely to be an intense contest in the final weeks of the campaign , with dueling television and radio commercials over whether California should approve a constitutional ban that would eliminate the right of same - sex couples to marry .
After sounding the alarm last week about its $ 10 million fundraising deficit , Equality California , the lead organization for the No on 8 campaign , has raised more than $ 3 million within California since Oct. 6 , including a $ 1 million contribution Tuesday from the California Teachers Association , a Mercury News review of Secretary of State ’s Office campaign records shows .
Meanwhile , out - of - state contributors , including actor T.R. Knight of “ Grey ’s Anatomy ” and financial guru Suze Orman , have made six - and five - figure contributions to Equality California , the umbrella group opposing Proposition 8 .
Since Oct. 6 , large contributions to ProtectMarriage.com , the lead group supporting Proposition 8 , have totaled just $ 405,969 .
The No on 8 campaign has also received commitments for an additional $ 4 million in donations that have not been received , said Kate Kendell , a member of the campaign ’s executive committee .
“ That has been extraordinary , and has certainly we think helped us close the gap on the $ 10 million they had out - raised us , but we are not the least bit sanguine about this . ”
While the No on 8 side has gotten big donations from Hollywood luminaries like Brad Pitt , Steven Spielberg and Knight , the Yes on 8 side has a media star , too , and not an expected one : San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom .
Mining snippets of an enthusiastic Newsom speech where he proclaims , “ this door ’s wide open now ” for gay marriage , “ whether you like it or not , ” the Yes on 8 campaign has turned him into a figurehead of TV and radio ads that are “ picture perfect ” for their audience , said David McCuan , a Sonoma State University political science professor who specializes in California ballot initiatives .
The Newsom spots have been such a good foil for the Yes on 8 campaign that opponents may be forced to raise even more money to counter them , McCuan said .
Newsom was in the headlines again over the weekend , as conservative groups pointed out that a San Francisco first - grade class went on a field trip from school because their teacher was marrying another woman at City Hall — a ceremony officiated by the mayor .
The class did n’t attend the actual ceremony , but waited outside on the steps of City Hall to congratulate their teacher .
Newsom “ bought them more free media than the yes side would ever have the money to purchase , ” McCuan said .
“ And conversely , he ’s raised the dollars , the cost , for his supporters .
He just raised the bar for the amount of money they would have to bring in , and I would argue he ’s changed the game . ”
The story about a grade - school class being excused from class for a same - sex wedding “ proves we ’re not lying ” in saying that elementary school students will be taught about same - sex marriage in the public schools if voters reject Proposition 8 , said Chip White , a spokesman for the Yes on 8 campaign .
“ This is real ; this is happening . ”
State school officials say those charges are misleading because local authorities have full control over what is taught about marriage .
In a typical initiative campaign , opponents have the easier case to make , political scientists say , because all they have to do is inject enough doubt into voters ’ minds about the proposed change .
So , typically , opponents do n’t have to match the spending of supporters .
But because same - sex marriage so recently became the status quo in California , the yes side in Proposition 8 can take the traditional opponent position of injecting doubt about change , a strategy supporters of a ban are clearly pursuing .
“ That is a fundamental shift , ” McCuan said .
When the two key political organizations in the Proposition 8 campaign filed their fundraising reports with the state Oct. 6 , ProtectMarriage.com , which wants to ban same - sex marriage , had raised $ 25.4 million through Sept. 30 , compared with $ 15.8 million for Equality California ( noonprop8.com ) .
Data on campaign contributions since then only includes donations of $ 1,000 or more .
But among those big donors , the No on 8 side enjoys a 9 - to - 1 edge in contributions since Oct.
6 .
The national dynamics of the presidential race , with Republican nominee John McCain apparently trailing Democrat Barack Obama , could be providing a fundraising boost for the Yes on 8 side , said Larry Gerston , a political scientist at San Jose State University .
“ For those folks on the evangelical side , who have no place to put their money because they have pretty much given up on the McCain campaign , which they did n’t like in the first place , this becomes a great place to put their resources , ” Gerston said .
With the campaign now in its final three weeks , donations coming in now are critical for both sides .
“ This is the time when the no side needs to be striking back , ” McCuan said .
“ The spots the yes folks have been running have been so picture - perfect for the voters they are talking to that the no campaign needs to not just energize their voters , they need to cut through the clutter on the yes side . ”
Contact Mike Swift at ( 408 ) 271-3648 or at mswift@mercurynews.com .
Update
An update to this story can be found here
Seagate 1TB Barracuda drives are failing at an alarming rate , with users complaining of a plague of such failures spreading across the globe .
Barracuda 7200.11 drives made in Thailand ( ref : ST31000340 AS with firmware level SD15 ) are failing at boot time with a firmware error that is said to lock the drive up and render it inoperable .
Seagate 's warranty procedure for failed drives has been used by owners , with an RMA ( Return Merchandise Authorisation ) number issued for the failed drive to be returned to Seagate and replaced .
However , replacements were said to be of the same type , and so prone to the same error .
Countries affected by the Barracuda firmware failure .
( Map from user DerSnoezie on MSFN forum . )
Users seem convinced , energetically so in some cases , that the incidence of such drive failures is far higher than the statistically low incidence of failures to be expected with any drive .
Data can be recovered from a failed drive by using a data recovery firm which , of course , costs money that Seagate will not refund .
For example , you could use i365 , a Seagate company , to get your data back and pay Seagate twice - once for a disk to store your data on and a second time to get it back when the drive fails .
Perhaps Seagate could issue special i365 vouchers to customers with Barracudas bricked by the problem ?
As always users should backup their data , but there is an obvious additional problem here .
What happens if you backup to disk and the backup disk is also a Barracuda 7200.11 ?
A 17 - page thread about this firmware failure problem is going strong on a Seagate forum .
Frustrated users have complained that postings and threads have been removed by moderators .
There was no Seagate Knowledge Base article about how to fix the problem .
All it showed in response to a search on the topic are product overviews and references to forum postings which say that there is a problem .
Seagate recently reduced its bare drive warranty period , raising some doubts about product quality standards .
Update
Following these complaints , the company has issued a statement saying it has isolated a firmware issue that may be causing the problem , and it has offered customers a free firmware upgrade .
The issue causes data lose , the company will also provide free data recovery services .
The company issued this statement : " Seagate has isolated a potential firmware issue in certain products , including some Barracuda 7200.11 hard drives and related drive families based on this product platform , manufactured through December 2008 .
In some circumstances , the data on the hard drives may become inaccessible to the user when the host system is powered on * .
Seagate is " offering a free firmware upgrade to those with affected products .
To determine whether your product is affected , you can visit the Seagate Support web site here .
Support is also available through Seagate ’s call center , which can be reached via this number : 1-800 - SEAGATE ( 1-800-732-4283 ) .
The statement continued : " Customers can expedite assistance by sending an email to Seagate ( discsupport@seagate.com ) .
Please include the following disk drive information : model number , serial number and current firmware revision .
We will respond , promptly , to your email request with appropriate instructions .
There is no data loss associated with this issue , and the data still resides on the drive .
But if you are unable to access your data due to this issue , Seagate will provide free data recovery services .
Seagate will work with you to expedite a remedy to minimize any disruption to you or your business . "
You 'll find a list of international telephone numbers to Seagate Support and alternative methods of contact here .
The company emphasised that there is no safety issue with these products . ®
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) --
Closing out the third year of the housing bust , construction on new homes took another turn for the worse in December , falling more than 15 % to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 550,000 , the lowest on record , the Commerce Department reported Thursday .
Permits to build single - family homes also fell , dropping 12.3 % to 363,000 last month , while total permits including apartments dropped 10.7 % to a 549,000 annual rate .
The figures represented record lows for both single - family and total permits .
Building permits are considered a more reliable guide to the state of the housing market , because they are less affected by weather conditions than the figures on housing starts .
" The financial market shockwave felt in the fall has clearly brought the housing industry to its knees , " wrote Stephen Stanley , chief economist for RBS Greenwich Capital .
" Builders have essentially closed up shop for a while until the storm blows over . "
Since June , starts have plunged 49 % .
Since the peak of activity three years ago , starts are down 76 % .
For all of 2008 , housing starts fell 33 % to 904,000 , the lowest pace of new construction since the government began keeping records in 1959 .
Building permits fell 36 % in 2008 to 892,500 .
In all of 2007 , 1.355 million homes were started .
In 2006 , 1.8 million homes were started .
Similar but not identical government data show construction in 2008 was at the lowest level since World War II .
The report was much worse than expected for a second consecutive month .
Economists surveyed by MarketWatch had looking for a smaller drop , to an annual rate of about 600,000 , in the thinking that November 's 15 % decline in starts would n't be repeated .
It was .
See Economic Calendar .
The large declines in the past few months could be good news for the economy , on the principle that when you are in a hole , the first thing to do is to stop digging , said UBS economists Maury Harris and Jim O'Sullivan ahead of the report .
" The more starts plunge now , the quicker home inventories are likely to be reduced , potentially limiting the ultimate drop in home prices ( the main cause of the financial crisis ) , " they wrote .
Builders are working to reduce the inventory of unsold homes .
In December , housing completions fell 5.2 % to an annual rate of 1.02 million .
For all of 2008 , completions dropped 26 % to the 1.12 million , the lowest total in 17 years .
Conflicting crosscurrents
Some economists see a bottom developing in the housing market .
The economy may be on its way to mending itself because housing 's finally becoming affordable again , said MarketWatch Chief Economist Irwin Kellner .
Read Kellner 's weekly column .
Others said the recovery would be elusive .
" There is little sign of a turnaround in the New Year , " wrote Sal Guatieri , economist with BMO Capital Markets .
" Vastly improved affordability is proving to be no match for tightening credit standards and mounting job losses . "
The mood of home builders ' has rarely been worse .
The National Association of Home Builders reported Wednesday that its sentiment index fell to a record - low 8 in January .
See full story .
The government cautions that its monthly housing data are volatile and subject to large sampling and other statistical errors .
In most months , the government can't be sure whether starts increased or decreased .
In December , for instance , the standard error for starts was plus or minus 9 % .
Large revisions are common .
It can take four months for a new trend in housing starts to emerge from the data .
In the past four months , housing starts have averaged 698,000 annualized , down from 774,000 in the four months ending in November .
In a separate report Thursday , the Labor Department said first - time filings for unemployment benefits rose by 62,000 last week to 589,000 .
The number of new claims and continuing claims were at the highest levels since 1982 .
See full story .
I believe states should be given complete power to decide on all policies other than defence and foreign affairs ..
If you see the current govt 's policies i...
14 years ago
With no garlic fries to steal , the gulls never showed up all summer and returned to their natural diets .
Places of worship can reopen indoors at 25 % capacity , but no singing , choirs or chanting ( for now )
* Free hour , Wednesday and Friday from 9 am to 10 am .
Otherwise adult SF resident admission is $ 7 .
Non-resident adult admission is $ 11- 12
Win : $ 50 Gift Card : “ Berkeley Restaurant Week ” To Go ( Sept. 15-30 ) Enter to Win Berkeley Restaurant Week To Go is having an encore run September 15 - 30 .
This time , “ TOGO ” also stands for Taste Our Great Outdoors as more than 60 local restaurants offer special value menus perfect for taking out to your favorite Berkeley park or enjoying at venues ...
Indoor Dining is Back in San Francisco on Sept. 30
After initially stating that indoor dining would n’t happen until “ Mid-October ” , San Francisco today announced a revision to their reopening timeline for indoor dining which is set to resume on September 30th .
See San Francisco ’s latest reopening timeline | Indoor Dining Updates Indoor Dining Rules / Restrictions
We expect the rules ...
San Francisco Churches Can Reopen Indoors Sept. 30 Starting on Wednesday , September 30 , places of worship can open indoors at 25 % capacity , up to 100 people .
Outdoor worship services will continue , now with up to 200 people , as long as there is sufficient space to allow for social distancing .
Singing or chanting is not ...
Free Admission Hour “ Japanese Tea Garden ” at GG Park The Japanese Tea Garden in Golden Gate Park officially re-opened its doors to the public Wednesday , July 22 with modifications to prevent the spread of COVID - 19 , the San Francisco Recreation and Park Department announced today .
Formerly open seven days a week , the Japanese Tea Garden ... Every Wednesday
Bay Area Virtual Chuseok Festival ( Korean Harvest )
The Bay Area Chuseok Festival celebrates the rich cultural diversity of the San Francisco Bay Area by showcasing Korean traditions , music , arts , cuisine , and community .
Our mission is to inspire exploration and discovery of Korean culture across communities and generations , while offering the Korean Americans ...
2020 Census Deadline Is Sept. 30 : What ’s at Stake for SF ?
San Francisco Launches “ Census Week of Action ” September 24 - 30 , 2020 Citywide effort is underway to count every resident in advance of September 30th deadline .
Census Week of Action includes safe community outreach events , phone banking , and public service announcements from the San Francisco Giants and Golden State ...
“ Berkeley Restaurant Week ” Final Day ( $ 15 Prix Fixe Meals )
After a successful May campaign , an encore of Berkeley Restaurant Week To Go ( # BRWToGo ) is running September 15 - 30 .
This time , “ TOGO ” also stands for Taste Our Great Outdoors as more than 60 local restaurants offer special value menus perfect for taking out to your favorite ...
Camp Palo Alto Networks Virtual Activity for Kids Each Wednesday from August 5 – Sept 30 , Palo Alto Networks will be providing kids across America with something fun to virtually learn , see , and do .
From cardio sessions to STEM interactive activities such as coding and video gaming instructions , your child will finish each ... Every Wednesday
UCSF Bay Area Breast Cancer Online Forum “ Making the Most of the Pandemic : Mindfulness in the Time of COVID - 19 ” Many have been saying that 2020 is a “ wasted year ” and they ’re hoping that the year will just hurry up and finish already so that we can move on with our lives .
We want ...
Francine J. Harris New Book :
Here is the Sweet Hand on Zoom Join us on Wenesday , September 30th at 6 pm PDT when francine j. harris joins us to read from her new collection , Here is the Sweet Hand on Zoom !
Zoom Login Info Please click the link below to join the webinar : https://us02web.zoom.us/j/83537126052
Webinar ID : 835 3712 6052 Praise for Here is ...
From Seoul with Soul : Um. Ma ’s Fried Chicken Cooking Class
In this cooking class , Chef Edwin shares the secret of Um .
Ma ’s unique take on the fried chicken sandwich .
This mouth - watering meld of Korean and soul flavors draws on the legendary southern - style “ Nashville Hot Chicken Sandwich ” combined with Korean spicy seasonings and toppings of cucumber “ muchim ” ...
Author Virtual Talk : Benjamin Bac Sierra & Luis Rodriguez ( Latino Heritage Month SFPL )
In conjunction with iVIVA ! : Latino Heritage Month SFPL is honored to host Benjamin Bac Sierra as our On the Same Page author .
We will celebrate this local author , educator , poet , activist and Mission District native .
Bac Sierra ’s new book Pura Neta , the long awaited sequel ...
District 11 San Francisco Board of Supervisors Candidate Online Forum Voters !
Hear from the candidates for District 11 San Francisco Board of Supervisors to help you vote in the November election .
During the online forum , candidates will answer questions selected from those submitted in advance by the audience .
You can submit questions for consideration when you ...
The Premise “ Virtual Comedy Show ” Every joke starts with a premise and every Wednesday Comedians Jeff Dean , James Mwaura and Andrew Orolfo bring together the best local and nationally touring stand - up comedians to turn these premises into hilarious bits .
In the age of the Coronavirus Quarentine , The Premise will be ... Every Wednesday
> See more events for September 30 Funcheap ’s Live Zoom Comedy Roast Night w/ Chris Riggins
Get ready for Funcheap ’s live interactive virtual comedy show on Zoom from Copper Spoon in Oakland hosted by Chris Riggins .
Tune in , get some LIVE laughs and kill an hour with us instead of Netflix .
This is part stand - up comedy show and part interactive comedy ... Every Thursday
5th Annual Bay Day ( The Bay Day Trail Challenge ) Bay Day is an official holiday that celebrates San Francisco Bay , its people and wildlife .
Save The Bay is celebrating its 5th Annual Bay Day , presented by IBM and in partnership with San Francisco Bay Trail and AllTrails .
While we ca n’t bring our communities together ...
SF ’s Cable Cars are Back : Photos & Bell Ringing Day ( Every Tue / Thu / Sat )
Although all the cable cars in service got replaced by buses on March 17th and wo n’t return “ until further notice , ” SF ’s cable cars are making a comeback of sorts .
According to the Market Street Railway website , starting this past weekend , a cable car is now on ...
“ From Broadway to Hollywood ” Livestream Musical ( Oct 1 - 11 ) 42nd Street Moon presents MoonBeams : FROM BROADWAY TO HOLLYWOOD Available October 1 - October 11 , 2020 Tickets : https://42ndstmoon.org/moonbeams/
Join award - winning pianist and master storyteller Richard Glazier on a musical tour of Broadway and Hollywood , featuring sensational songs written by everyone from George Gershwin to Marvin Hamlisch .
WIth a combination of fascinating ...
Little Folkies : Free “ Demo ” Virtual Folk Music Class for Kids ( Oct. 1 - 2 ) Little Folkies is an award - winning folk music program for children , ages 0 - 5 .
We are excited to announce that enrollment is now open for our Fall Session beginning on September 30th , 2020 .
Due to the COVID - 19 pandemic , Little Folkies now offers classes exclusively online .
Although we miss ...
SF LGBT Center Small Business Covid - 19 Weekly Support Meeting
In light of the current and evolving environment due to Covid - 19 , we are offering a weekly support meeting through Zoom for small business owners in the LGBTQIA community and everyone else .
Besides providing updates about various relief programs , we will also invite attorneys , online marketing ... Every Thursday
SF ’s “ Conservatory of Flowers ” Reopens on Oct. 1 The Conservatory of Flowers will reopen to visitors beginning Thursday , October 1 with modifications in place to ensure public safety and prevent the spread of COVID - 19 .
Guests will be required to wear face coverings and the Conservatory will limit the number of visitors to 25 percent ...
3rd Annual “ Virtual ” Concord Oktoberfest ( October 1 - 31 ) Prost !
Concord ’s Oktoberfest celebration is back and all virtual for 2020 !
Pick up a “ Porch Pour Party ” package and turn your backyard into a mini beer garden or revel in the comfort of your couch as you enjoy some of Concord ’s best brew throughout the ...
Online ArtSpan Presents SF ( Open ) Studios : Gray Event ArtSpan ’s SF ( Open ) Studios invites visitors to experience California ’s vibrant San Francisco Bay Area art community from the comfort of your home .
Featuring more than 250 artists over four events from mid-September through mid-October––a different grouping at each event––we invite you to authentically connect with ...
“ Defunding the Police ” What Does this Mean ?
Virtual Class The Social Justice Info Series is a four - part series sponsored by the Undergraduate Criminology Program and the Center for Social Justice at HNU .
This series is born out of a need to address the civil unrest experienced nationally , internationally and collectively by our students and ...
Virtual New Mom Mixer Drop in to meet other expecting and new moms in the Bay area .
Connect with new friends and learn about the many resources available to you ( even during the pandemic ! ) .
Katie Taylor , PsyD will share about groups , classes and providers in the Bay Area , and ...
“ Politics : Holding the Line ” : Virtual Exhibit & Artist Talk BridgemakerARTS is pleased to announce a new art exhibition entitled Politics : Holding The Line .
Join us online for a virtual reception and Artist Talk on October 1st at 6:00 pm PT .
View the exhibit Politics : Holding The Line is a group exhibit featuring artists and artwork which ...
Zoetrope Magazine Fall Issue Celebration with City Lights City Lights celebrates the award winning literary periodical ’s fall issue .
Editor Michael Ray and Managing Editor Manjula Martin are joined by several contributors in an afternoon of readings and celebration .
Register here : https://www.eventbrite.com/e/zoetrope-magazine-fall-issue-celebration-tickets-119507386811
SF Orchestra One Found Sound Virtual Watch Party
The musicians of One Found Sound , SF ’s only democratic , conductorless , chamber orchestra , present an interactive virtual watch party bringing the One Found Sound experience to your favorite electronic device !
We ’re teaming up with videographer Max Savage of Noisy Savage to bring you creative music video ...
Safe & Sound Virtual Benefit Concert w/ Carlos Santana Join us for an evening of live music & inspiring stories .
Safe & Sound ’s 2020 Virtual Benefit Concert LIVE !
raises awareness about child abuse prevention and to propel our vision for a better future for all children and families .
Like so much this year , we have ...
El centro de Madrid ha sido este domingo escenario de la manifestación contra el ataque de Israel sobre la franja de Gaza .
Convocada por partidos políticos como PSOE e Izquierda Unida , y por los sindicatos UGT y CC OO ; la marcha ha arrancado a las 12.00 para llegar , casi dos horas después , a la Puerta del Sol , donde la periodista Rosa María Mateo ha leído el comunicado final .
La cabecera oficial , con el lema Paremos el genocidio palestino , se situaba al inicio de la manifestación a la altura del Círculo de Bellas Artes , en la calle de Alcalá de Madrid .
Políticos , actores y escritores portaban la pancarta .
" Estamos aquí por la paz en Palestina , por el fin de la violencia " , aseguraba la actriz Carmen Machi , conocida por su papel de Aída en la serie del mismo nombre .
Pilar Bardem pedía directamente " al Gobierno español , que haga algo por Palestina .
Una franja como la de Gaza es prácticamente un campo de concentración .
Están muriendo niños e inocentes cada día .
Tenemos que pedir que paren esto ya " .
" Ese conflicto tiene que acabar .
Mientras no acabe , ya sabemos quiénes son los que pierden .
Cuanta más gente y más ciudadanos estemos concienciados por la paz será mejor .
Hay que ir por el diálogo antes que nada .
Es algo tan simple como concreto " , decía la actriz y cantante Ana Belén .
Unos metros más allá , también en la cabecera de la protesta , Pedro Zerolo , Secretario de Movimientos Sociales y Relaciones con las ONG del PSOE , declaraba que su formación " le pide al Gobierno que siga igual , actuando bajo la dirección marcada por el presidente del Gobierno , que ha sido el mandatario europeo que más contundente se ha mostrado con el ataque de Israel " .
Zerolo aseguraba que el PSOE estaba en la manifestación " para acabar de una vez con el genocidio al que se está sometiendo a los palestinos " .
Mientras , Cayo Lara , recientemente elegido secretario general de Izquierda Unida , ha pedido al Gobierno " que retire al embajador israelí en España y que el Gobierno promueva ante la UE la ruptura del acuerdo de preferencia que tiene el estado [ israelí ] con la Unión " .
Doble cabecera
Unos metros más adelante , otra cabecera , ésta no oficial , con lemas anticapitalistas , ha intentado impedir el avance de la cabecera oficial .
Desde este sector de manifestantes se escuchaban gritos de " dónde está Moratinos cuando matan palestinos " ; " es resistencia , no terrorismo " ; " Estado sionista , estado terrorista " .
Los convocantes han logrado continuar con la marcha oficial , con las dos cabeceras separadas por sólo unos metros , gracias al cordón organizado por los sindicatos , que ha obligado a avanzar a los antisistema .
Tras cerca de dos horas de manifestación para recorrer aproximadamente un kilómetro , el torrente de gente - 250.000 personas , según la organización - ha llegado a la Puerta del Sol .
En una esquina , una furgoneta de la ONG Paz Ahora , vendía por 12 euros la famosa camiseta que Kanouté , el jugador del Sevilla FC , enseñó el pasado miércoles tras marcar un gol en un partido de Copa del Rey .
" No , te la tienes que poner así , Kanouté se la ponía así " , discutían en árabe dos jóvenes , ataviados ya con el pañuelo palestino .
Aplausos a Chávez
Entre los emblemas gritados en árabe por la comunidad de palestinos han triunfado los gritos contra los gobiernos árabes .
" Mubarak , burro , has vendido Gaza por unos dólares " , le dedicaban , por ejemplo , al presidente egipcio .
Hugo Chávez , el presidente venezolano , era aplaudido por haber expulsado al embajador israelí de Caracas .
Los manifestantes prometían dar " la vida , la sangre por Gaza " .
Varios muñecos artesanales , ensangrentados , simulaban a las víctimas infantiles palestinas .
Tampoco han faltado los panfletos y pancartas en las que se llamaba al boicot de los productos israelíes .
" Criticamos la pasividad de la que han hecho gala hasta el momento las instituciones políticas internacionales que han permitido la continuidad de la ocupación " , aseguraba la periodista Rosa María Mateo , encaramada al escenario , situado al pie de la Puerta del Sol. " ¡ Palestina vencerá ! " , concluía .
Como testigo , casi como un manifestante más , la estatua de Carlos III , que hoy blandía una bandera de Palestina , y una pancarta : Paz .
4.000 manifestantes en Sevilla Alrededor de 4.000 personas , según la Policía Local , se han manifestado este domingo en Sevilla para exigir al Gobierno español , el Consejo de Seguridad de las Naciones Unidas y a la Unión Europea que intervengan " urgentemente " y obliguen a Israel a " parar el genocidio " en la franja de Gaza .
La marcha , convocada por la plataforma " Andalucía con Palestina " , formada por varias organizaciones sociales y políticas , ha discurrido por el centro de la capital - desde la Plaza de la Encarnación hasta la Plaza Nueva - y ha finalizado con la lectura de un manifiesto que exigía el inicio de un proceso judicial internacional contra el Gobierno israelí por crímenes contra la humanidad .
Ayer sábado , Málaga , Valencia , Palma de Mallorca y Barcelona vivieron sendas marchas contra la invasión de Gaza .
La más importante fue la de Barcelona .
Participaron unas 30.000 personas , según la Guardia Urbana , 100.000 según la organización , 50.000 según cálculos de EL PAÍS .
The fact that Chelsea 's players have had their free ticket allocation reduced from eight to four seats per game suggests the credit crunch is hitting Roman Abramovich as hard as anyone .
Now a new financial survey claims that the Russian owner 's wealth has plummeted by £ 3.8 bn in a year , from £ 10.8 bn to £ 7bn , to send him tumbling from the top of British football 's rich list to a humbling third place .
To add insult to the injury inflicted on his wallet , Abramovich has not only been overtaken by a fellow Premier League club owner but a man who is part - owner of a Championship club .
According to the list , compiled for FourFourTwo magazine and published today , the new owner of Manchester City , Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed Al Nahyan , who FFT says has a personal fortune of £ 15bn , is now No 1 , while second place is occupied by Lakshmi Mittal , the 58 - year - old Indian industrialist worth £ 12.5 bn who joined Bernie Ecclestone and Flavio Briatore in investing in Queen 's Park Rangers .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Joe Lewis of Tottenham fame is fourth on the list , valued at £ 2.5bn , with Ecclestone in fifth ( £ 2.4bn ) , followed by the Arsenal shareholders Stan Kroenke ( £ 2.245bn ) and Alisher Usmanov ( £ 1.5 bn ) .
David Beckham retains his place as the richest player associated with British football .
The LA Galaxy midfielder , on loan at Milan , has a fortune estimated at £ 125 m , or more than three times as much as his nearest wealth rivals , Michael Owen ( £ 40 m ) and Wayne Rooney ( £ 35 m ) .
Beckham is 38th in the overall list , while England 's head coach , Fabio Capello , is the best - placed manager , at No 73 , with a fortune estimated at £ 25 m .
Capello earns £ 6 m a year from the FA and has a private art collection estimated to be worth £ 10 m .
Manchester United 's Sir Alex Ferguson is at No 78 , on £ 22 m , with Arsenal 's Arsène Wenger at No 92 ( £ 14 m ) .
The list , compiled through a combination of limited access to meaningful accounts and guesswork , contains its usual anomalies .
Robbie Fowler has apparently spent £ 2 m more than he has earned , his fortune reducing from £ 30 m to £ 28 m .
Sol Campbell has , apparently , earned nothing , staying on £ 28 m .
The combined wealth of the top 100 is now £ 61bn , against £ 41.7bn last year and £ 20.45bn in 2003 , the first year the list was compiled .
Football 's cash register :
The top scorers
Top five owners :
1. Shekh Mansour bin Zayed Al Nayan , Manchester City , £ 15bn
2. Lakshmi Mittal and family , Queen 's Park Rangers , £ 12.5 bn
3. Roman Abramovich , Chelsea , £ 7bn
4. Joe Lewis , Tottenham Hotspur , £ 2.5 bn
5. Bernie and Slavica Ecclestone , Queen 's Park Rangers , £ 2.4bn
Top five players :
1. David Beckham , LA Galaxy , £ 125 m ( 38th in top 100 )
2. Michael Owen , Newcastle United , £ 40 m ( 56 = )
3. Wayne Rooney , Manchester United , £ 35 m ( 61 )
4= Rio Ferdinand , Manchester United , £ 28 m ( 69 = ) ; Robbie Fowler , Unattached , £ 28 m ( 69 = ) ; Sol Campbell , Portsmouth , £ 28 m ( 69 = )
The best league in the world is back .
Join
The Independent for an online event , as our panel discusses the most uncertain start to a season in Premier League history .
Click here to find out more and book your free ticket today .
A deepening labor market downturn that cost 524,000 Americans their jobs last month is even swelling the jobless rate for chief executives .
William Watkins , ousted Monday at Seagate Technology LLC , is the sixth CEO of a publicly held company to be replaced in just the last eight days .
His exit follows the departures last week of CEOs at Tyson Foods Inc. , Borders Group Inc. , Orbitz Worldwide Inc. , Chico's FAS Inc. and Bebe Stores Inc .
Many experts view the changes as harbingers of significantly more turmoil in executive suites this year .
Like other companies , these six corporations have been grappling with poor financial results , slumping stock prices and , in some cases , investor criticism .
An informal survey of management consultants , recruiters , investors and governance specialists pointed to several other CEOs whose jobs may be vulnerable : Rick Wagoner of General Motors Corp. ; Vikram Pandit of Citigroup Inc. ; Jonathan Schwartz of Sun Microsystems Inc. ; Steve Odland of Office Depot Inc. ; and Kenneth Lewis of Bank of America Corp .
Officials at those companies said their CEOs retain the board 's support or declined to comment .
CEO turnover " doubles in bad times , " said Dirk Jenter , an assistant finance professor at Stanford University 's business school , who recently analyzed 1,627 CEO changes between 1993 and 2001 .
Mr. Jenter found that CEOs are most vulnerable in a downturn when their employers ' shareholder returns lag rivals .
Here 's an approach that goes about GUI definitions a bit differently using class - based meta- programming rather than inheritance .
This is largley Django / SQLAlchemy inspired in that it is heavily based on meta- programming and separates your GUI code from your " code code " .
I also think it should make heavy use of layout managers like Java does because when you 're dropping code , no one wants to constantly tweak pixel alignment .
I also think it would be cool if we could have CSS - like properties .
Here is a rough brainstormed example that will show a column with a label on top , then a text box , then a button to click on the bottom which shows a message .
from happygui.controls import * MAIN_WINDOW = Window ( width = " 500 px " , height = " 350 px " , my_layout=ColumnLayout ( padding = " 10 px " , my_label=Label ( text =" What 's your name kiddo ? " , bold =True , align = " center " ) , my_edit=EditBox( placeholder= " " ) , my_btn=Button( text =" CLICK ME ! " , on_click =Handler('module.file.btn_clicked ' ) ) , ) , ) MAIN_WINDOW.show ( ) def btn_clicked ( sender ) : # could easily be in a handlers .
py file name = MAIN_WINDOW.my_layout.my_edit.text # same thing : name = sender.parent.my_edit.text # best practice , immune to structure change : MAIN_WINDOW.find ( ' my_edit' ) . text MessageBox ( " Your name is ' %s ' " % ( ) ) .show(modal=True )
One cool thing to notice is the way you can reference the input of my_edit by saying MAIN_WINDOW.my_layout.my_edit.text .
In the declaration for the window , I think it 's important to be able to arbitrarily name controls in the function kwargs .
Here is the same app only using absolute positioning ( the controls will appear in different places because we 're not using a fancy layout manager ) :
from happygui.controls import * MAIN_WINDOW = Window ( width = " 500 px " , height = " 350 px " , my_label=Label ( text =
" What 's your name kiddo ? " , bold =True , align = " center " , x = " 10 px " , y=" 10 px " , width = " 300 px " , height = " 100 px " ) , my_edit=EditBox( placeholder= " " , x =" 10 px " , y=" 110 px " , width = " 300 px " , height = " 100 px " ) , my_btn=Button ( text = " CLICK ME ! " , on_click =Handler('module.file.btn_clicked ' ) , x = " 10 px " , y=" 210 px " , width = " 300 px " , height = " 100 px " ) , ) MAIN_WINDOW.show ( ) def btn_clicked ( sender ) : # could easily be in a handlers .
py file name = MAIN_WINDOW.my_edit.text # same thing : name = sender.parent.my_edit.text # best practice , immune to structure change : MAIN_WINDOW.find ( ' my_edit' ) . text MessageBox ( " Your name is ' %s ' " % ( ) ) .show(modal=True )
I 'm not entirely sure yet if this is a super great approach , but I definitely think it's on the right path .
I do n't have time to explore this idea more , but if someone took this up as a project , I would love them .
MUSIC NEWS - Morrissey has announced his new studio album , “ Years of Refusal ” will be released on February , 16 2009 on the Decca / Polydor label in the UK / Europe ( US release info tbd ) .
The album release will be preceded by the release of a single “ I ’m Throwing My Arms Around Paris ” on February 9 .
The single will have two B sides , “ Because Of My Poor Education ” and “ Shame Is The Name ” , the latter featuring additional vocals by Chrissie Hynde .
If you have been watching the Microsoft security bulletins lately , then you ’ve likely noticed yesterday ’s bulletin , MS08 - 067 .
This is a particularly nasty bug , as it does n’t require authentication to exploit in the default configuration for Windows Server 2003 and earlier systems ( assuming that an attacker can talk over port 139 or port 445 to your box ) .
The usual mitigation for this particular vulnerability is to block off TCP / 139 ( NetBIOS ) and TCP / 445 ( Direct hosted SMB ) , thus cutting off remote access to the srvsvc pipe , a prerequisite for exploiting the vulnerability in question .
In my case , however , I had a box that I really did n’t want to reboot immediately .
In addition , for the box in question , I did not wish to leave SMB blocked off remotely .
Given that I did n’t want to assume that there ’d be no possible way for an untrusted user to be able to establish a TCP / 139 or TCP / 445 , this left me with limited options ; either I could simply hope that there was n’t a chance for the box to get compromised before I had a chance for it to be convenient to reboot , or I could see if I could come up with some form of alternative mitigation on my own .
After all , a debugger is the software development equivalent of a swiss army knife and duct - tape ; I figured that it would be worth a try seeing if I could cobble together some sort of mitigation by manually patching the vulnerable netapi32.dll .
To do this , however , it would be necessary to gain enough information about the flaw in question in order to discern what the fix was , in the hope of creating some form of alternative countermeasure for the vulnerability .
The first stop for gaining more information about the bug in question would be the Microsoft advisory .
As usual , however , the bulletin released for the MS08 - 067 issue was lacking in sufficiently detailed technical information as required to fully understand the flaw in question to the degree necessary down to the level of what functions were patched , aside from the fact that the vulnerability resided somewhere in netapi32.dll ( the Microsoft rationale behind this policy is that providing that level of technical detail would simply aid the creation of exploits ) .
However , as Pusscat presented at Blue Hat Fall ’ 07 , reverse engineering most present - day Microsoft security patches is not particularly insurmountable .
The usual approach to the patch reverse engineering process is to use a program called bindiff ( an IDA plugin ) that analyzes two binaries in order to discover the differences between the two .
In my case , however , I did n’t have a copy of bindiff handy ( it ’s fairly pricey ) .
Fortunately ( or unfortunately , depending on your persuasion ) , there already existed a public exploit for this bug , as well as some limited public information from persons who had already reverse engineered the patch to a degree .
To this end , I had a particular function in the affected module ( netapi32!NetpwPathCanonicalize ) which I knew was related to the vulnerability in some form .
At this point , I brought up a copy of the unpatched netapi32.dll in IDA , as well as a patched copy of netapi32.dll , then started looking through and comparing disassembly one page at a time until an interesting difference popped up in a subfunction of netapi32 !
NetpwPathCanonicalize :
Unpatched code :
.text:000007FF7737AF90 movzx eax , word ptr [ rcx ] . text :000007FF7737AF93 xor r10d , r10d .text :000007FF7737AF96 xor r9d , r9d .text :000007FF7737AF99 cmp ax , 5Ch . text :000007 FF7737AF9D mov r8 , rcx .text :000007FF7737AFA0 jz loc_7FF7737515E
Patched code :
.text:000007 FF7737AFA0 mov r8 , rcx .text :000007 FF7737AFA3
xor eax , eax .text :000007FF7737AFA5 mov [ rsp+arg_10 ] , rbx .text :000007FF7737AFAA mov [ rsp+arg_18 ] , rdi .text :000007FF7737AFAF
jmp loc_7FF7738E5D6 .text:000007FF7738E5D6 mov rcx , 0FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFh .text :000007FF7738E5E0 mov rdi , r8 .text :000007FF7738E5E3 repne scasw .text:000007 FF7738E5E6 movzx eax , word ptr [ r8 ] .
text :000007FF7738E5
EA xor r11d , r11d .text :000007FF7738E5
ED not rcx .text :000007FF7738E5F0 xor r10d , r10d .text :000007FF7738E5F3 dec rcx .text :000007FF7738E5F6 cmp ax , 5Ch . text :000007FF7738E5
FA lea rbx , [ r8+rcx * 2+2 ] . text :000007FF7738E5 FF jnz loc_7FF7737AFB4
Now , without even really understanding what ’s going on here on the function as a whole , it ’s pretty obvious that here ’s where ( at least one ) modification is being made ; the new code involved the addition of an inline wcslen call .
Typically , security fixes for buffer overrun conditions involve the creation of previously missing boundary checks , so a new call to a string - length function such as wcslen is a fairly reliable indicator that one ’s found the site of the fix for the the vulnerability in question .
( The repne scasw instruction set scans a memory region two - bytes at a time until a particular value ( in rax ) is reached , or the maximum count ( in rcx , typically initialized to ( size_t ) - 1 ) is reached .
Since we ’re scanning two bytes at a time , and we ’ve initialized rax to zero , we ’re looking for an 0x0000 value in a string of two - byte quantities ; in other words , an array of WCHARs ( or a null terminated Unicode string ) .
The resultant value on rcx after executing the repne scasw can be used to derive the length of the string , as it will have been decremented based on the number of WCHARs encountered before the 0x0000 WCHAR . )
My initial plan was , assuming that the fix was trivial , to simply perform a small opcode patch on the unpatched version of netapi32.dll in the Server service process on the box in question .
In this particular instance , however , there were a number of other changes throughout the patched function that made use of the additional length check .
As a result , a small opcode patch was n’t ideal , as large parts of the function would need to be rewritten to take advantage of the extra length check .
Thus , plan B evolved , wherein the Microsoft - supplied patched version of netapi32.dll would be injected into an already - running Server service process .
From there , the plan was to detour buggy_netapi32!NetpwPathCanonicalize to fixed_netapi32!NetpwPathCanonicalize .
As it turns out , netapi32 !
NetpwPathCanonicalize and all of its subfunctions are stateless with respect to global netapi32 variables ( aside from the / GS cookie ) , which made this approach feasible .
If the call tree involved a dependancy on netapi32 global state , then simply detouring the entire call tree would n’t have been a valid option , as the globals in the fixed netapi32.dll would be distinct from the globals in the buggy netapi32.dll .
This approach also makes the assumption that the only fixes made for the patch were in netapi32 !
NetpwPathCanonicalize and its call tree ; as far as I know , this is the case , but this method is ( of course ) completely unsupported by Microsoft .
Furthermore , as x64 binaries are built without hotpatch nop stubs at their prologue , the possibility for atomic patching in of a detour appeared to be out , so this approach has a chance of failing in the ( unlikely ) scenario where the first few instructions of netapi32 !
NetpwPathCanonicalize were being executed at the time of the detour .
Nonetheless , the worst case scenario would be that the box went down , in which case I ’d be rebooting now instead of later .
As the whole point of this exercise was to try and delay rebooting the system in question , I decided that this was an acceptable risk in my scenario , and elected to proceed .
For the first step , I needed a program to inject a DLL into the target process ( SDbgExt does not support ! loaddll on 64 - bit targets , sadly ) .
The program that I came up with is certainly quick ’n’dirty , as it fudges the thread start routine in terms of using kernel32 !
LoadLibraryA as the initial start address ( which is a close enough analogue to LPTHREAD_START_ROUTINE to work ) , but it does the trick in this particular case .
The next step was to actually load the app into the svchost instance containing the Server service instance .
To determine which svchost process this happens to be , one can use “ tasklist / svc ” from a cmd.exe console , which provides a nice formatted view of which services are hosted in which processes :
C:\WINDOWS\ms08-067-hotpatch>tasklist /svc
[…]
svchost.exe 840 AeLookupSvc , AudioSrv , BITS , Browser ,
CryptSvc , dmserver , EventSystem , helpsvc ,
HidServ , IAS , lanmanserver ,
[…]
That being done , the next step was to inject the DLL into the process .
Unfortunately , the default security descriptor on svchost .
exe instances does n’t allow Administrators the access required to inject a thread .
One way to solve this problem would have been to write the code to enable the debug privilege in the injector app , but I elected to simply use the age - old trick of using the scheduler service ( at.exe ) to launch the program in question as LocalSystem ( this , naturally , requires that you already be an administrator in order to succeed ) :
C:\WINDOWS\ms08-067-hotpatch >at 21:32 C:\windows\ms08-067-hotpatch\testapp.exe 840 C:\windows\ms08-067-hotpatch
etapi32.dll
Added a new job with job ID = 1
( 21:32 was one minute from the time when I entered that command , minutes being the minimum granularity for the scheduler service . )
Roughly one minute later , the debugger ( attached to the appropriate svchost instance ) confirmed that the patched DLL was loaded successfully :
ModLoad : 00000000`04ff0000 00000000`05089000 C:\windows\ms08-067-hotpatch
etapi32.dll
Stepping back for a moment , attaching WinDbg to an svchost instance containing services in the symbol server lookup code path is risky business , as you can easily deadlock the debugger .
Proceed with care !
Now that the patched netapi32.dll was loaded , it was time to detour the old netapi32.dll to refer to the new netapi32.dll .
Unfortunately , WinDbg does n’t support assembling amd64 instructions very well ( 64 - bit addresses and references to the extended registers do n’t work properly ) , so I had to use a separate assembler ( HIEW , [ Hacker ’s vIEW ] ) and manually patch in the opcode bytes for the detour sequence ( mov rax , < absolute addresss > ; jmp rax ) :
0:074 > eb NETAPI32!NetpwPathCanonicalize 48 C7 C0 40 AD FF 04 FF E0 0:074 > u NETAPI32!NetpwPathCanonicalize NETAPI32!NetpwPathCanonicalize : 000007ff`7737ad30 48c7c040adff04 mov rax , offset netapi32_4ff0000!NetpwPathCanonicalize 000007ff`7737ad37 ffe0 jmp rax 0:076 > bp NETAPI32!NetpwPathCanonicalize 0:076 > g
This said and done , all that remained was to set a breakpoint on netapi32 !
NetpwPathCanonicalize and give the proof of concept exploit a try against my hotpatched system ( it survived ) .
Mission accomplished !
The obvious disclaimer :
This whole procedure is a complete hack , and not recommended for production use , for reasons that should be relatively obvious .
Additionally , MS08 -067 did not come built as officially “ hotpatch - enabled ” ( i.e. using the Microsoft supported hotpatch mechanism ) ; “ hotpatch - enabled ” patches do not entail such a sequence of hacks in the deployment process .
( Thanks to hdm for double - checking some assumptions for me . )
Tags : hack , hotpatching , ms08 -067 , windbg
For the first time in 60 years , police in Iceland have had to use tear gas as protesters riot over the handing of the financial crisis :
( Photos by - alp , hauxon , and vhallgrimsson . )
Disfrute das melhores slots machines online neste casino , entre as slots machines de 5 linhas até 25 linhas , também maquinas de slots de 3 linhas e em slots machines em 3D e muitos outros jogos de casino disponíveis com grandes jackpots tais como o poker caribenho , raspadinhas , video poker , roleta , blackjack , baccarat , jogo de dados e muitos outros jogos divertidos de casino que pode jogar por dinheiro real ou por diversão .
Neste casino também conta com os jogos de mesa tradicionais como o blackjack , a roleta , poker caribenho , jogo de dados e também jogos de lotaria como o bingo e as raspadinhas da sorte .
Grande variedade de maquinas de slots neste luxuoso casino online , jogos de slots como o Joe Jackpot , o Agente Secreto ( novo jogo em flash muito bom ) , Bananarama jogo slot divertido das frutas , jogo 777 jogar e ganhar e muitos mais jogos de slots machines online .
The Campbells , who also have two daughters , JoyceLynn Aryan Nation Campbell , and Honsylynn Hinler Jeannie Campbell ( named in reference to the SS Heinrich Himmler ) , were offered a cake with enough room for them to write their own inscription but they refused .
The total population of terrorists ebbs and flows all the time .
When the number goes up by one hundred , no one much notices .
If the number goes up by one hundred because we release some previously identified terrorists , there is or will be a public outcry .
But it 's the same consequence .
Fewer terrorists are better than more terrorists , to be sure .
But a terrorist we release is not obviously worse than a terrorist who was free in the first place .
We evaluate outcomes differently when we feel we are in control or should be in control .
We should examine this intuition carefully , since it is not always justified .
We also treat an outcome differently when we feel it allows an enemy of ours to " get back at us . "
I suspect this difference in feeling is not usually justified and that it is the primary driver behind the fear of releasing terrorists .
I can think of " political theater " reasons why an attack from a released terrorist would be worse than an attack from an " already free " terrorist .
Overall I do not yet feel that we are thinking about this issue rationally .
Let ’s admit it .
When you boot up your Linux computer , the Grub menu looks ugly .
Luckily , if you do n’t like how your Grub boot menu looks , you can configure it according to your tastes .
The most striking change is using a custom background .
We ’ll show you here how to easily change the Grub background .
Related : Grub vs. Systemd - boot : Which One Should You Use as the Bootloader
Install Grub Customizer
To install grub customizer on Arch , Manjaro , and compatible distributions , use :
On Fedora , you can try :
On Debian , Ubuntu , and compatible distributions , you can bring it on board with :
Afterward , find it among the rest of your installed applications and run it .
Change the Background
Grub Customizer offers many options that allow you to modify your Grub boot menu , from tweaking its entries to configuring its looks .
Go to “ Appearance settings . ”
You will find the option you need there .
On the left of Grub Customizer ’s window , you will find a handful of options that define its appearance .
Click on the last one , the “ ( None ) ” button under “ background image . ”
Note that if your Grub already has a background defined , you ’ll see that instead of “ ( None ) ” in this button .
Choose the image file you want to use as a background for your Grub boot menu from the requester that appears .
You can choose files directly in JPG or PNG format .
Grub Customizer will load the image you selected and present a preview of how your boot menu will look .
If your wallpaper ’s colors render any text unreadable , you can use the rest of the options on the left to change the color of your font and its background , both when unselected and highlighted .
When you ’re happy with how your new wallpaper and menu text combination looks , click the “ Save ” button on the top left to save your tweaks .
Reboot your computer to see the changes .
If the grub menu does n’t appear , it may be configured to load the default operating system directly .
To force Grub to show up , after rebooting and straight after the BIOS / UEFI screen , keep Shift pressed on your keyboard .
If you want , you can dive deeper into Grub and Grub Customizer to make your computer ’s boot menu your own .
Changing its background and primary colors , though , will probably be more than enough for most users .
If you are wondering what the Linux boot process is and how Grub plays a part , we have a tutorial here for you .
Have you customized your Grub boot menu to your liking ?
What changes and tweaks have your applied ?
Tell us in the comments section below .
Related :
Easy website monitoring .
Your clients and / or customers do n’t care that a hamster chewed through a network cable somewhere in Northern California .
They want their website up .
You need to find out before they do so you can react fast !
Sign Up Now
How ’s it work ?
Our plans will check your sites as frequently as once per minute .
You get unlimited email and SMS notifications ( in the US , International SMS is available ) and we will do our best to tell you why your site was down by providing the HTML status error code , when possible .
We also provide an iPhone application , RSS feeds , webhooks , keyword search , premium - level support , email notifications to multiple addresses , multiple user accounts , voice calls and more !
DIGG THIS
Many today view socialism as the kindest and gentlest method of organizing civilized society .
Dyed - in - the - wool socialists are referred to as " bleeding hearts " because of the popular perception that they possess heightened empathy for the downtrodden .
The sellers of socialism — whether left - wing Fabian socialists or right - wing revolutionary socialists — always peddle their theory as the best means for society to provide a social " safety net " for those who are left behind by the ravages of the free market .
The truth , however , is that socialism is incalculably cruel and particularly cruel to those it attempts to benefit .
Socialism as a political philosophy was best summarized William Graham Sumner in his 1883 " Forgotten Man " essay :
As soon as A observes something which seems to him to be wrong , from which X is suffering , A talks it over with B , and A and B then propose to get a law passed to remedy the evil and help X .
Their law always proposes to determine what C Shall do for X or , in the better case , what A , B and C shall do for X… What I want to do is to look up C … I call him the Forgotten Man… He is the man who is never thought of .
He is the victim of the reformer , social speculator , and philanthropist , and I hope to show you before I get through that he deserves your notice both for his character and for the many burdens which are laid upon him .
Although Sumner and his followers , including Henry Hazlitt and other Austrian economists , correctly point to C as a victim of A and B ’s social engineering , they fail to recognize that it is really X who is most victimized .
This is because the only thing that is taken from C is property , which can be replaced , while the theft from X is of things dearer that can never be replaced — X ’s time and social utility .
This is because in a perfectly free market everyone is " doing " things that they love to " do " and receiving receipts from the market — for the moment , dollars — for their service to the market .
Spending our most valuable and ever - depleting resource — time — doing the things that we love to do , is the key to happiness and success .
If you doubt this , find the increasingly rare person who is so happy with their job that they say " I would to this job for free . "
If you ask this person what they most like to " do , " you will find that their job involves doing the things that they most like to do .
These people have found their niche , their place in the market .
When A and B decide to employ X or direct X to behave in ways that they , not X , desire , they are wasting X’s time , social utility and thus wasting X’s life .
For example , when A and B ( e.g. President Elect Obama and the socialist Congress ) see the temporary condition of X’s unemployment , A and B seek to " fix " the problem by employing X to " do " something that A and B deem socially desirable — e.g. installing a nationwide system of high - speed internet .
A and B sell the program as a benevolent means of providing X with work and further point out that the new system will also help disadvantaged Y who does not presently have access to the internet .
A and B do not tell C , D , E or anyone else in the alphabet population that , because A and B have caused the new system to be created , A and B will inherit the power to regulate the most powerful means of communication and education in the history of mankind .
This comes later , after the entire alphabet population has overcome its giddiness over the new " free " internet .
When civil libertarians who supported the charitable internet project object to A and B ’s obtrusive regulation and monitoring , A and B or their successors claim that they " paid for it " and so have the power to regulate it .
If anyone else in the alphabet has the temerity to challenge A and B ’s good intentions , J , a judge appointed by A and approved by B , dutifully agrees with A and B .
But what about poor X ? X is an honest man and yearns to do the work of a carpenter , building and improving permanent structures .
He was sitting in the unemployment line hoping and praying that someone in need of an honest carpenter would hire him .
Meanwhile , R , a real - estate investor who has acquired several foreclosed properties in a beaten - down part of town , is in need of an honest carpenter who he can hire to repair and refurbish his properties and prepare them for resale .
R wants to employ X and hire X to do what he loves to do — carpentry .
The problem is that A and B also want to employ X but hire him to do what they want him to do — lay cable .
In this competition for X ’s labor , R is at a distinct disadvantage .
R , unlike A and B , does not have the power to tax and thus coerce others to pay for his endeavor and further does not have the power to finance his operation by selling below - market debt to CB , A and B ’s central bank .
In short , A and B can literally print X ’s wages and coerce others to pay for their endeavor while R must use his own finite capital .
Given A and B ’s bidding advantage , when X looks at his options , the thing that he loves to do — carpentry — pays much less than the cable installation job .
Because there is no real market demand for the job , A and B must set the wage price at a level that will cause X to abandon his dream of doing carpentry .
X has three little x’s mouths to feed and so takes the higher - paying job laying cable .
Poor X spends eight years of his life doing something that he does not like to do and something the market is not demanding from him — climbing telephone poles , snipping coaxial cable , etc .
At the end of the eight years , X has died from overeating , abusing alcohol and the health problems that result from his Faustian bargain .
R ?
Well R ’s houses sit vacant or are shoddily repaired and refurbished because A and B have stolen X from R and forced R to hire people that are not as qualified as X .
A and B point to the shiny new cable lines and pat themselves on the back for repairing the " market failure " and for providing internet access to millions that did not have it before .
A and B then turn their attention to R .
They excoriate R for being a slumlord that profits from shoddily repaired homes .
A and B decide to " do something " about the problem and decide to expand their power to condemn and redevelop private property .
The economic bubble from the internet construction has now burst , forcing X’s son , little x , on the unemployment lines .
Little x loves to lay cable .
A and B want him to be a carpenter .
And so it goes .
And what if X likes to lay cable ( or build cars ) and the free market offers no jobs laying cable ?
Are n’t A and B doing a public good by employing X to do what he loves to do ?
No .
The market is not static and neither is any single individual .
The most challenging part of all of our lives is managing transitions — matching what we like to do with what the market wants from us .
If the market will no longer pay X to lay cable , we do X no favor by employing him to do something that is economically obsolete .
A and B are still wasting X’s time and therefore his life if they employ him to do something that the market is not demanding .
X the individual must search his skill set and identify other things he likes to do and match them with market demand .
When he does this he serves the market and builds real self - worth .
The decision over what X does with his life is therefore a decision that only X can make .
A and B do incalculable violence to X and the free market when they misdirect his labor and compel him to do things that he does not love to do .
Cruel , is n’t it ?
Bill Butler Archives
The Best of Bill Butler
You heard it right !
Microsoft's Xbox Live Gold subscription , which normally runs $ 50 annually , is being sold by Amazon right this very instant for $ 29.97 .
A similar discount was apparently going on at Buy.com last week , so we 're not sure what it all means , but we suppose it could mean that Microsoft might possibly be moving toward a lower price for the subscription ( do n't hold your breath ) .
We do n't really know " why " or " how " this has happened , but it " rules " and we 're looking forward to all the extra cash our avatar 's going to have in the coming year for new hats and fingerless gloves .
[ Via PC World
Studio : The Weinstein Company
Release : February 6 , 2009
February 6 , 2009 Director : Kyle Newman
Writer : Ernest Cline , Adam F. Goldberg
, Cast : Chris Marquette , Sam Huntington , Dan Fogler , Jay Baruchel , Kristen Bell , Carrie Fisher , Ray Park , Joe Lo Truglio , Danny Trejo , Billy Dee Williams , Seth Rogen , Christopher McDonald , William Shatner , Ethan Suplee
Video archive for the film Fanboys , which has a domestic theatrical release in the year of 2009 .
There are currently nine videos available for the film , of which two are trailers , as listed below .
Happy viewing !
A reader writes :
There is something both utterly stupid and yet very comforting about rick - rolling .
As long as people will choose to be this dumb , irrational , and do it with such gusto , there 's hope for humanity .
We will never totally bow to totalitarian impulses as long as people continue to want to do such useless but uncontrollable things .
OK , I 'd better stop .
I 'm full of sh*t .... :-)
I recall Orwell 's remark that England would never become a fascist state because the English would instinctively respond to the sight of goose - stepping ... by giggling .
I think the relationship between humor and decency - and democracy - is under -rated .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Tim Robbins purged from voter rolls Nick Cargo and David Edwards
Published : Tuesday November 4 , 2008
Print This Email
This " I had to go down and see a judge , " screen actor Tim Robbins told TMZ after his record disappeared from the New York City voting precinct where he'd been casting his vote for over ten years .
Robbins was told on first arriving at the precinct that he would have to cast a provisional ballot .
After an argument with a poll worker , he instead went to the City Board of Elections to obtain proof that he was registered .
" This is what you have to do to vote , " he said .
" What happened was that my name was not on the rolls , and I 'm not the only one .
While I was waiting , thirty people ... in the first five hours had been taken off the rolls ... You do the math on that : Six per hour , per district , across America ? "
Robbins , an anti-war Bush critic and activist as well as an actor , director , screenwriter and producer , won an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor and a SAG award for his role in Mystic River .
He also won the Best Actor Award at Cannes for his starring role in 1992's The Player and co-starred with Morgan Freeman in 1994's The Shawshank Redemption .
He has two sons with actress Susan Sarandon .
The following video is from TMZ.com , posted November 4 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
The steep decline in worldwide car sales is causing automakers to stash over - produced cars in unlikely places , like on Nissan 's UK test track above .
Below , a gallery of places other automakers are stashing un - sold cars .
Advertisement
Since the problems of over - productions are global , we 've put together a selection of photos of cars stacking up around the world .
Sometimes they 're being stacked in strange places like the above shot from Nissan 's test track .
Usually , the location is more pedestrian with recently produced cars plopped out front of the factories they 're produced at .
For instance , Land Rovers and Jaguars are now being stacked up outside a plant in Liverpool .
Similarly , Ford F - 150s are piling high in Detroit near their assembly facility .
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Foreign cars , primarily from Japanese automakers , have filled the holding lots at the Port of Long Beach , waiting to be requested by dealers .
The same is occurring in lots and ports in Valencia , Spain and central Britain .
Advertisement
Still , the best use of space has to go to Nissan for using the test track outside of their Sunderland plant in England .
The sight of all those Nissan Micras lined up three - wide around the banks of the big turns and in the infield is both strange and kind of sad .
It looks as though they 've left enough room around the edge to still drive but doing so at high speed would probably be fairly discomforting .
Thanks to Adil for the tip !
Photos : David McNew / Getty Images , ANDREW YATES / AFP / Getty Images , Christopher Furlong / Getty Images , David Goddard / Getty Images , Spencer Platt / Getty Images , Matt Cardy / Getty Images , Nigel Roddis / Reuters
Advertisement
[ Guardian via Japanese Car Blog ]
Linux games - Lots of great choices
Updated : November 24 , 2008
All right , it 's time to talk about Linux games , once again .
In this article , I 'm going to present a whole variety of Linux games , across a range of genres .
I 'm going to review several titles in detail , complete with screenshots and grades .
Next , I will talk about non-native Linux games , which can still be enjoyed using certain tools and methods .
We will talk about the tools and methods , too .
We 'll also talk about mini - games that come bundled with distributions , Flash games , online game repositories , and more .
It should be interesting .
If you 're a gamer , spend 5 - 6 minutes of your time reading .
I promise you , you 'll like it .
So , if you are new to Linux and wondering if you can enjoy games on Linux , the answer is : very much so yes .
Follow me .
First , a philosophical intro ...
Linux gaming is kind of a black sheep of the open - source world , a thoroughly under - appreciated and under - advertised part of the Linux sphere .
Which is a shame , because most computer users , especially younger people , are quite interested in computer games and would do a lot for these games , including mastering a whole new operating system , if it promised them free , high - quality games .
Today , Linux gaming lags far behind Windows and keeps many people from trying out Linux for just this reason .
A few years ago , the main obstacle was the choice of software , the hardware compatibility and the difficulty of installation .
Now that these issues are slowly and successfully being solved , a new major issue arises - the gaming .
Personally , I have no problem with playing games on both Windows and Linux , as I believe that users should be able to enjoy the best of both worlds , but the gaming is currently highly unbalanced , in favor of Windows .
A part of this inequality can also be blamed on public relations .
Many Linux users do not put up enough effort advertising Linux gaming .
It exists .
And it 's quite good .
It is not yet its counterpart in the Windows world , but it 's getting better and better daily .
There are more games , better games , being created for Linux all the time .
So let 's see what a Linux gamer should expect from his / her box !
Old DOS games
Anything that used to run on DOS can be happily enjoyed on Linux .
The reason for this being a marvelous piece of software called DOSBox .
DOSBox is an x86 emulator , allowing you to run DOS - based games ( and other apps ) with excellent performance , including graphics and sound .
Moreover , DOSBox offers more than DOS could ever give you , including the ability to take screenshots of your games , record movies and play multiplayer games on your network !
For more information , you may want to read several of my reviews / tutorials specially focused on DOSBox .
First , a general review of DOSBox : DOSBox - DOS is back !
Then , how to play multiplayer games through DOSBox , including Serial and IPX connections !
Several reviews of a broad range of great DOS games , including Liero , Golden Axe , Doom2 , Warcraft , and many others .
So here we go , Parts One and Two and Three .
Then , two thorough , in - depth reviews , including custom video ( Flash , avi ) and audio ( mp3 ) pieces :
1942 : The Pacific Air War
UFO : Enemy Unknown - Recipe for primal fear
Not strictly DOSBox , a small tutorial on running FreeDOS as a virtual machine :
Would you like to be able to run DOS applications again ?
As you can see , DOSBox opens a whole world of choices before the you .
DOS games may be small in size and lacking in graphics , but they are certainly as good as any modern title when it comes to complexity , depth and plot .
First Person Shooters
I am a great fan of FPS games .
They help you relax and vent out the daily frustration instead of going Office Space on your work mates .
Recently , Linux has been getting more and more First Person Shooters , with better graphics and plot .
You can read two in - depth reviews of no less than five titles in my two articles :
Linux games - First Person Shooters
Linux games - First Person Shooters - Part Deux
A third review is on the way , with two or three more game titles .
Meanwhile , here 's a brief overview of a couple more :
Tremulous
homepage
Tremulous is a very interesting game , in being part pure First Person Shooter , part Strategy .
The goal of the game is to destroy the enemy , as usual , but Tremulous introduces another element into the classic FPS genre - building , maintaining , expanding , and protecting the base of operations .
In fact , in this regard , Tremulous is much closer to real combat than any other FPS , because soldiers heavily depend on supplies from at least a temporary camp / base .
Similarly , the bases in Tremulous allow both warring sides to respawn , rearm and get upgrades .
There are two teams : humans and aliens .
Humans focus on technology improvements while aliens get better by evolving into more powerful classes , each with their own unique abilities .
For example , alien units can walk on the walls and ceiling !
The asymmetry of the game makes it rather fun to play , even though it comes as a bit of a shock to classic FPS veterans .
Still , it 's dynamic and fast and quite enjoyable .
Activity
How was it ?
Time spent playing the game ( hrs ) 4 Overall impression Very good Qualify of graphics 8
America's Army
homepage
America 's
Army is not exactly a game that fits the expected profile : it 's free , all right , but it is closed source and developed by the US government as a recruitment tool .
Political issues aside , I used to play this game from 2004 to 2006 , squandering almost 2 years of my life on shooting people online and getting horribly frustrated over latency , cheaters and whatnot .
I stopped playing this game when it started losing its relatively high level of realism and became more arcade - oriented with HUD mini-maps and other useless gadgets .
Luckily for Linux users , this is about the same time the last Linux version of the game was released before the developers decided to cut the non-Windows support .
So , on one hand , America 's Army will run on Linux only up to game version 2.5 .
On the other , the game turned bad after version 2.6 , so you wo n't be missing much .
Best of all , most people share my opinion of the game trend , so even though version 2.5 has been replaced by numerous increments , there are still quite a few version 2.5 servers available .
If you 're in the mood to get seriously annoyed and yet enjoy the ordeal in a weird , masochistic way , America 's Army is a great way to waste precious hours of your short life .
BTW , I was good at this game , with the fragrate of 2.49 after close to 20,000 kills , Honor level 73 and the rank of Major General on AAO Tracker .
Activity
How was it ?
Time spent playing the game ( hrs ) 2 Overall impression Very good Qualify of graphics 9
Racing
Racing games are also quite fun .
While they tend to be linear and one - dimensional , they do have a certain appeal .
The combination of roaring sounds and the fleeting landscape seem to work for me .
Torcs
homepage
Torcs is a solid , well - rounded racing simulator .
It has reasonable graphics , good sound , decent physics , and a range of cars and tracks to keep you occupied for a while .
Even at the rookie level , you will have to work hard to beat the AI opponents .
Mastering the game is not easy and requires quite a bit of practice , especially the braking and cornering .
Activity
How was it ?
Time spent playing the game ( hrs ) 5 Overall impression Very good Qualify of graphics 8
Maniadrive
homepage
Maniadrive is very much different from Torcs .
While Torcs focuses on racing and competing against bots in a range of high - end sports cars , Maniadrive is all about going wild in a Renault Cleo , enjoying the world of physics in its purest form .
The game is simple , but if you 're in for a bit of precision driving rather than careless speeding , Maniadrive will definitely entertain you .
You 're advised to try the practice laps first before trying any of the real tracks .
Activity
How was it ?
Time spent playing the game ( hrs ) 1 Overall impression Good Qualify of graphics 7.5
Simulation
When I use the word simulation , 98.4 % of times I mean FLIGHT simulation .
Well , most of simulator games do focus on aircraft , so this kind of stands to reason .
Ships and trains are rather too boring to simulate , with a few rare exceptions , leaving aircraft as the sole model .
FlightGear
homepage
FlightGear is not my favorite type of simulation , because it does not include shooting down any enemies from the sky .
I prefer combat simulators .
Still , when it comes to civil flight , the ancient Microsoft Flight Simulator comes to mind .
It used to be a very challenging game in the mid-80s .
The use of tower callsigns for take - off and landing , the need to switch on the magnetos to start the engines , the editor that allowed you to create your own aerodynamic designs , and the difficult and precise flight mode were a marvel at the time .
FlightGear is the great - great - grandchild of that fine DOS masterpiece , at least in spirit if not actual parentage , with modern graphics and significantly more complex flight procedures .
For people who'd like to experience the hard routine of flight pre-checks , checks and then some more checks , the discipline and realism of flying an airplane the way it should be done , FlightGear is a smart choice .
If you do n't have the patience to read the manual first , do not even bother .
FlightGear is for people with serious attitude to flying .
The game simulation engine is actually used in flight research institutions .
Lastly , FlightGear features extremely detailed , accurate and beautiful landscape , with thousands of available scenarios and more than 100 aircraft models .
Activity
How was it ?
Time spent playing the game ( hrs ) 3 Overall impression Very good Qualify of graphics 10
Vega Strike
homepage
Vega Strike reminds me of the good ole Wing Commander .
It 's a game where you take command of a spaceship and roam about the Universe , trading , fighting , exploring , and lots more .
Despite its seemingly simplistic , DOS - reminiscent looks , the game is quite complex , almost daunting .
While Vega Strike is a simulator , it has many elements of true strategy games .
It requires patience , especially since inter-stellar distances will export quite a bit of time traveling from one point to another .
If you 've played other space simulators and loved them , you will definitely enjoy Vega Strike .
Activity
How was it ?
Time spent playing the game ( hrs ) 2 Overall impression Good Qualify of graphics 7
Strategy
The strategy genre is very generic .
For me , it includes just about any time of real - time or turn - based game where the players spend most of their time thinking , evaluating their assets , building , planning , and improving .
Open Transport Tycoon Deluxe ( OpenTTD )
homepage
This is one of my favorite games .
It 's the reincarnation of the excellent TTD from the DOS era , with improved building capabilities , better path - finding algorithms , and lots of new , constantly improved features .
P.S. Please forgive the fact the screenshots have been made on a Windows machine :)
What more can I say ?
Well , for an in - depth review , I suggest you read my OpenTTD article !
Also , a new review is coming soon .
Activity
How was it ?
Time spent playing the game ( hrs ) 10,000 +
Overall impression Excellent Qualify of graphics 8
Warzone 2100
homepage
Warzone 2100 is a classic strategy game .
Those familiar with the genre will probably find the game somewhat similar to Dune or Red Alert , the pair that more or less set the standard for the " modern " strategy games , just the way Warcraft set the rules for the fantasy - based titles .
Warzone 2100 is a complex game and will take a lot of time mastering .
The player is required to build a base and harvest resources needed to operate the base , scout for technologies left out after the nuclear destruction of the civilization ( the standard excuse ) , research these technologies in order to gain upgrades , create units , and fight the bad guy .
Units can be customized and improved .
The gameplay is interspersed with short movies , which add to the depth and feel of the game .
Warzone 2100 also introduces several unique elements into the game , which make playing the game different from similar titles .
For one , the resources are scarce , preventing the user from bunkering and Stalin - ing a vast armada of troops .
Additionally , terrain features play a key role in combat and movement of units .
Most of the combat is based on long - range detection and artillery attacks .
The game is quite enjoyable .
If you 've even remotely liked Red Alert , you should give Warzone 2100 a chance .
The only apparent downside are the relatively weak graphics , mainly induced by low - contrast colors that make it a bit hard to focus on the map and degrade the quality of details .
Otherwise , Warzone 2100 is deep , complex and fun .
Activity
How was it ?
Time spent playing the game ( hrs ) 4 Overall impression Good Qualify of graphics 6
Wesnoth
homepage
Wesnoth is a turn - based strategy game , played on a hex map , with the goal of defeating the other side .
The game has classic Dungeon & Dragon elements built - in , including old - world races and magic .
The game incorporates numerous campaigns with a rich and complex story , six factions to choose from , each with its own unique strengths and weakness that must be used carefully to ensure victory .
The game play depends on many factors , including the type of terrain , weapons and even the daytime cycle .
Units and weapons can be upgraded throughout campaigns , allowing users to create their own camaraderie of inter-species characters .
One of the strong sides of the game is that you get attached to your units , adding an emotional depth .
Wesnoth is not for everyone .
If you 've only played Real - Time Strategy ( RTS ) , you might find the concept of turn - based moves a little strange .
If you 're wondering what Wesnoth feels like , it 's a sort of a cross - breed between Warcraft and Civilization .
The game also includes a multiplayer mode and excellent music .
Activity
How was it ?
Time spent playing the game ( hrs ) 30 Overall impression Very good Qualify of graphics 8
Other types of games
There are many categories that can be bunched here .
So , let 's see a few :
Artillery games
Wormux
homepage
Wormux is a Worm - like game , with very pleasing graphics , a heavy arsenal of weapons , lots of maps , and humor spiced all over .
Wormux uses the names of major open - source projects for team ... eh ... names and mascots , including Mozilla , BSD , OpenOffice , and others .
If you 're a fan of Worms , you will love Wormux .
Activity
How was it ?
Time spent playing the game ( hrs ) 3 Overall impression Very good Qualify of graphics 8.5
How to find Linux games ?
Well , you might be asking yourselves this question .
In Windows , you have to download an executable and run it .
In Linux , it 's even easier !
You just search for games in the repositories , select the ones you want , let the package manager take care of the installation and Bob 's your uncle !
Small games
Small games is a rather silly description , but that 's how I like to call the simple , one - screen games that come with the operating system preinstalled .
Although I 'm not quite fond of many of these games , a large number of people seem to like them .
Well , most Linux distributions come with a broad range of these games installed .
If you need more , simply open the package manager and look for them .
What more , the Ubuntu Add / Remove utility allows you to arrange the available games by Popularity ( star rating ) .
Quite a few four - and five - star games are already installed , but if you need more , you 'll find plenty of excellent choices there .
Sudoku , Mahjnogg , Blackjack , Poker , Solitaire ... you name it , you have it .
Flash games
Flash games for Linux are no different than what you know or use in Windows .
Flash is meant to be cross-platform , so any Flash game will do .
Just make sure you have a Flash Player installed .
If you 're wondering how to do this , please read my article : Installing Flash in ( Ubuntu ) Linux - Tutorial .
Just head to your favorite Flash gaming site and enjoy !
BTW , the same applies to Java games .
Internet sources
If you 're looking for lots of short reviews and screenshots of just about any Linux game available , especially including those for Ubuntu , the best place to look is : Ubuntu Gamers Arena .
This is a tremendous site .
You are most encouraged to go there .
Conclusion
As you can see , the Linux user has a plenty of choice when it comes to enjoying computer games .
Compared to the Windows arsenal , the selection is still somewhat thin , but it 's getting fatter ( and better ) .
I hope my review has opened your eyes , even if just a little .
Oh , it is far from being all - inclusive .
There are many other games and game types that I have no talked about , probably quite a few games that I have never heard of even .
Then , there are other methods of obtaining games for Linux - like WINE , for example .
We will talk about WINE separately .
Likewise , we 'll focus on several more good titles in the next article .
As you may have noticed in one of the screenshots above , I 've selected Freeciv for download , but have not reviewed it here .
Freeciv and a few other names will have to wait for the sequel .
Furthermore , please note that I have played some of these games only very briefly , so you should take my impressions with a pinch of salt .
However , all of them look ( quite ) reasonable and should be fun .
That 's about it .
I think you have a lot of catching up with your homework .
If you 've liked this article , I 'd appreciate a word of comment , suggestion , telling your friends .
I 've spent close to 20 hours writing it , so your feedback is most welcome .
Cheers !
The necklace was intact and extremely rare , experts say
A rare amber necklace believed to be about 4,000 years old has been uncovered in Greater Manchester .
Archaeologists made the find while excavating a cist - a type of stone - lined grave - in Mellor , Stockport .
It is the first time a necklace of this kind from the early Bronze Age has been found in north - west England .
Experts from the University of Manchester Archaeological Unit said an amber necklace was one of the ultimate status symbols of the period .
The necklace consists of dozens of pierced amber beads of various sizes , linked together on a length of fibre .
It was discovered in the cist by experts from the university and local Mellor Archaeological Trust , who said the mystery was now how the material got to the north west .
" Amber is very significant , " said Vicky Nash , of the Mellor Archaeological Trust , who found the ancient item .
" It 's associated with burials in the prehistoric period but it's not readily available , the nearest source is in the Baltic [ region ] .
" So to find that [ necklace ] in conjunction with a cist , it shows it was a burial of somebody particularly important at that time . "
Former drug officer launches ' KopBusters ' TV show Stephen C. Webster
Published : Saturday December 6 , 2008
Print This Email This Welcome Digg readers !
A follow - up with raw footage from ' KopBusters ' first sting has been posted here .
Barry Cooper , a former Texas police officer with eight years of specialty in drug interdiction , first made waves when he released the film " Never Get Busted Again , " a how - to guide for evading police drug seizures .
Austin , Texas - based Cooper 's latest project is not nearly so benign , and will likely generate for the former drug warrior an army of enemies in law enforcement .
' KopBusters ' is a reality TV program that aims to sink crooked officers .
" KopBusters rented a house in Odessa , Texas and began growing two small Christmas trees under a grow light similar to those used for growing marijuana , " claims a release from NeverGetBusted.com
" When faced with a suspected marijuana grow , the police usually use illegal FLIR cameras and / or lie on the search warrant affidavit claiming they have probable cause to raid the house .
Instead of conducting a proper investigation which usually leads to no probable cause , the Kops lie on the affidavit claiming a confidential informant saw the plants and / or the police could smell marijuana coming from the suspected house . "
" The trap was set and less than 24 hours later , the Odessa narcotics unit raided the house only to find KopBuster 's attorney waiting under a system of complex gadgetry and spy cameras that streamed online to the KopBuster 's secret mobile office nearby .
" The attorney was handcuffed and later released when eleven KopBuster detectives arrived with the media in tow to question the illegal raid .
The police refused to give KopBusters the search warrant affidavit which is suspected to contain the lies regarding the probable cause .
" It is not illegal to grow plants under a light in your home but it is illegal to lie on an affidavit and plant drugs on a citizen .
This operation was the first of its kind in the history of America .
Police sometimes have other police investigating their crimes but the American court system has never dealt with a group of citizens stinging the police .
Will the police file charges on the team who took down the corrupt cops ?
We will keep you posted . "
Cooper 's " Never Get Busted Again " was a runaway success , the sales of which serve as financial support for this most recent project .
" The drug war is a failed policy and the legal side effects on the families are worse than the drugs , " Cooper said to the Dallas Observer in early 2007 .
" I was so wrong in the things I did back then .
I ruined lives . "
The ' Kop Busters ' sting was the feature of a CBS 7 report , aired Dec. 4 , 2008 .
With the recent popularity of the comparison between PLs and Religions ( reddit , slashdot ) , I thought it'd be mildly amusing to see what other comparisons were out there on the intarweb .
Here 's the list for the meme that I collected of If Programming Languages were ...
Probably others that I missed .
( Note : There 's probably material in here to offend all ) .
( Personally , I think the obvious missing comparison is If Programming Languages Were Tools .
I nominate Assembler as the Stick , being the most primitive ) .
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : here and now
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
I will pay big bucks to have myself warned to NOT sleep with that tramp at the One and Only Bar on the Boulevard .
Tell me that she is very , VERY fertile that night in question , and has a whopping 3 STDs that I will get if I copulate with her .
VERY VERY IMPORTANT THAT I GET THIS MESSAGE !!!
I WILL WRITE YOU A BLANK CHECK IF THAT'S WHAT IT TAKES !
Key things that will let the me in the past know you are for real : * Tell me that you know about the rubber ducky incident * Tell me that you know that I pissed in my friends pool last week , when he was in it .
* Tell me that no matter how hard I try , the lesbian at Barnes and Noble will NEVER go for it , no matter how many sex books I ask her opinions on .
If I still doubt you - use this one -----* Mention that you know I made out with my cousin when we were drunk at a kegger last summer - NO ONE KNOWS THIS BUT US TWO !!VERY VERY IMPORTANT THAT I GET THIS MESSAGE !!!
Australia : Thousands rally for Gaza in nationwide demonstrations
By our reporters
19 January 2009
A section of the demonstration in Melbourne
Thousands of people across Australia again demonstrated on the weekend against the Israeli military assault on the Palestinian people in Gaza .
About 6,000 people marched in both Sydney and Melbourne , while smaller rallies were organised in other cities .
Demonstrators in Melbourne
The weekend protests — the third held in Australia since the attack on Gaza began late last year — highlighted the deep anger felt by ordinary people towards the criminal actions of the Israeli government and military that has seen some 1,300 Palestinians killed .
Homemade banners and placards included : “ Palestine do n’t despair , Australians care , ” “ Palestine you are not forgotten , ” “ Stop the holocaust in the Gaza ghetto , ” “ Jews and Arabs — Refuse to be enemies ” and “ Please Israel ; do not go the Nazi way . ”
Labor Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has issued his unwavering support for the Olmert government throughout the offensive on Gaza and is an accomplice in Israeli war crimes .
( See “ Labor government backs Israeli assault on Gaza ” )
Protest organisers nevertheless continued their efforts to block the development of an independent political movement in opposition to the government and promoted the illusion that the Labor Party could be forced to change its policies if only sufficient pressure was brought to bear .
In Melbourne , organisers with the Australians for Palestine organisation told demonstrators that they had asked numerous parliamentarians to address the rally , but not a single Labor “ left ” had accepted .
This telling response underscored the utter futility of appealing to Rudd and the Labor Party .
Greens Senator Sarah Hanson - Young nevertheless focused her remarks on an appeal to the prime minister to have the “ guts and courage ” to condemn Israeli violence .
A different note was struck in a powerful speech by Dr. Peter Slezak , an academic philosopher and member of Independent Australian Jewish Voices .
“ History is being rewritten even as it happens , ” he said .
“ It is a lie that Israel is defending itself .
There are no Palestinian F16 jets bombing Israel .
There are no Palestinian tanks in the streets of Tel Aviv .
The assault on Gaza is not a war but a cowardly act of terrorism .
It is perpetrated by the most sophisticated military force against a defenceless population .
The casualty figures are sufficient evidence of this crime against humanity .
But this is not how it is presented in our media or by our own politicians who endlessly , uncritically repeat the official lies of Israeli propaganda .
Under the guise of balance , the victims are blamed for their suffering and they have no voice ...
“ I am here today because I share a motivation with many Jews around the world .
My 83 - year - old mother is a survivor of the Nazi concentration camp Auschwitz .
I grew up with her questions — why did n’t anyone help the Jews ?
Why did n’t anyone else care ?
And why did the world allow it to happen ?
These are the same questions we must ask today about the crimes against Palestinians .
“ I am here because the state of Israel does not represent all Jews .
If we have learned the real meaning of the slogan ‘ never again ’ from the Second World War , we ca n’t remain silent when crimes are being committed in our name .
We must universalise the tragedy to include others in our moral universe and to recognise our shared humanity with the Palestinians .
“ The Nazis made Jews wear a yellow Star of David to stigmatise them and persecute them , and I grew up with an immensely moving image of other people , not Jews , like the King of Denmark and other people , who showed their humanity by wearing the yellow star to symbolise their solidarity with the Jewish victims of persecution .
This is the spirit in which I am wearing a Palestinian badge today and the spirit in which many Jews and others around the world send to the Palestinians ...
Right now we are all Palestinians . ”
Members and supporters of the Socialist Equality Party distributed recent statements and World Socialist Web Site perspectives , including “ A socialist answer to the Gaza crisis ” , at a number of the demonstrations .
WSWS reporters also interviewed several protestors .
Lina Mimawiyeh ( right )
Lina Mimawiyeh attended the Melbourne demonstration with her sister .
They carried a banner they made which featured graphic photographs of dead and injured Palestinian civilians , including children .
“ We wanted to put some photos of the children that are dead and put some facts down to let everyone know what ’s really happening , ” she explained .
“ And the difference between the Palestinian and Israeli death tolls , and the fact that it ’s not a fair war .
It ’s not even a war — it ’s a massacre .
You do n’t see any of these images on TV .
If you do n’t research it yourself and get it from the Internet , straight from sites that are coming out of Palestine , then you do n’t get to see any of this .
“ There are babies with bullet wounds .
In Gaza ’s hospitals the doctors have been saying that they have been shot at from close range — young children with bullets in their heads and their chests , being murdered at close range .
To kill one person that they claimed was a Hamas leader , the Israeli army killed 15 other people , his family members .
So they ’re not just going after the so - called terrorists , they ’re going after everyone and anyone .
These are war crimes ...
“ They say there is now a ceasefire but I saw a report on Arab TV that Israel is still attacking even after the ceasefire .
And the Israelis have previously used ceasefires to simply prepare for their next offensive .
“ My parents are Lebanese .
The Israeli military did the same thing in Lebanon .
My family lived through the 2006 war .
No one in my family was actually injured , but people we know were .
My family is from a small village ; it was the larger urban areas that were especially targeted .
But anything that attached our family village to anything else — bridges , roads — everything was destroyed , so everyone was struggling at that time .
“ The US , Australia , everyone , they ’re all supporting Israel .
I mean , Barack Obama was supposed to give us hope but he has made comments about how he is supporting Israel , how he has always backed Israel , and how anyone who attacks Israel is his enemy .
Everyone needs to open their eyes .
The whole world ’s asleep — no one ’s doing anything about it .
There are protests — the people are saying no to the war , but these governments are n’t budging . ”
Kevin Smith and Josh Head
At a rally held in the New South Wales city of Newcastle last Wednesday , the WSWS spoke with Year 12 school students Kevin Smith and Josh Head .
“ The Israelis would like everyone to believe that the invasion is all about stopping Hamas rocket attacks that in fact are largely ineffectual , ” Kevin said .
“ If this really was the question , there are many other ways that this issue could be have been addressed other than a full scale invasion that has claimed hundreds of lives .
I believe the real motive behind the operation is to remove Hamas and to completely destroy an opposition movement to what Israel is doing to the Palestinians , not only in the Gaza but also in the West Bank . ”
“ This attempt to repress all opposition is also taking place in Israel itself where the government just banned two Arab parties from standing in elections even though both of them already have members in the Israeli parliament .
I think that while many governments around the world are shocked at what is unfolding in Gaza , they do not come out and condemn Israel because they view it as a useful ally against any potential opposition from other countries in the region to their operations in the Middle East . ”
Josh said he had not previously been involved in politics but had now attended two protests against the invasion of Gaza .
“ I came along because I have become really concerned about what is happening in Gaza and because I know I need to learn more about the situation , ” he said .
“ I was shocked to hear about the type of weapons now being used by Israel forces in the Gaza such as phosphorous bombs .
There is even talk that depleted uranium shells are being used .
Using such weapons in any situation is illegal and I think a real war crime .
The fact that the Israel army had been informed by the UN that the school was a refuge for ordinary citizens , for children and women but then deliberately targeted , it is really shocking ...
“ The major powers talk about a two - state solution .
This might be sound good in theory but in practice you can see the result .
Gaza is like a prison and has been completely cut off , resulting in terrible hardship for its citizens .
Now you have the war and the destruction and deaths because Israel disagrees with Hamas being elected by the people .
I agree that it would be better to have no borders and for ordinary people throughout the Middle East to be united , but I do n’t know if this could happen . ”
Taxpayers in Revolt
by Doug French by Doug French
DIGG THIS
A punk economy is doing what legislators around the country could never do : shrink state and local governments .
California Governator Arnold Schwarzenegger has declared a fiscal emergency because his state is $ 40 billion in the red and may actually be completely busted by February .
He even " ordered state officials to prepare to furlough and lay off employees to cut costs , " according to Reuters , which would make the Golden State ’s 8.4 percent unemployment rate still worse .
The city of Vallejo , California has already filed for bankruptcy protection and two small towns northeast of San Francisco , Iselton and Rio Vista , are " consulting with bankruptcy lawyers , " reports the Wall Street Journal .
State Treasurer Bill Lockyer went as far as to say , " California ’s fiscal house is burning down . "
In Nevada , where the unemployment rate has hit a 25 - year high of 8 percent , that state ’s budget must be slashed from $ 6.8 billion over two years to between $ 5.4 and $ 5.8 billion .
Compounding the problem is that the Silver State ’s Public Employment Retirement System has lost $ 4 billion on its investments since July .
NPERS has always claimed it is actuarially sound but that assumes a constant 8 percent return on its investments .
No doubt the 19 percent loss the system has incurred the last few months will destroy these assumptions .
Despite the loss , NPERS executive officer Dana Bilyeu told the Las Vegas Review Journal " state and federal laws prevent any reductions in benefits — including increasing the retirement age — to existing participants in PERS . "
That means taxpayers will have to make up the difference , so that as Review Journal reporter Ed Vogel explains : " Public employees now can retire after 30 years and receive benefits equivalent to 75 percent of their average earnings during their three best pay years .
Police and firefighters receive these benefits after 25 years on the job .
Some retire at age 46 . "
Of course that ’s the difference between state budgets and the federal government ’s .
States cannot create fiat money out of thin air to pay bills .
The federal government has a central bank at its disposal to create money and subversively tax people by making their money worth less .
Increasing the tax burden during a recession is a direct declaration of war against taxpayers when they are most vulnerable .
With unemployment high , retail sales low and property values plummeting , surely elected officials are n’t stupid enough to pile on more taxes ?
Or are they ?
New York governor David Paterson is trying to bridge a $ 15.4 billion budget gap in his state .
He has the bright idea to tax " sugary soda , cable and satellite television , haircuts , massages , movie tickets and downloaded music , among other things , " Newsday reports .
History shows that people get angry when you kick them while they are down .
During the last great depression there were tax strikes .
Property owners created over 1,000 different taxpayer leagues around the country , " which voiced outrage over what were perceived as needless government expenditures in a time of severe economic hardship , " economist David T. Beito writes in his book Taxpayers in Revolt : Tax Resistance During the Great Depression .
Many taxpayers just could n’t pay at the depth of the depression and others would n’t pay for ideological reasons , believing that government should suffer along with taxpayers .
The tax revolt movement attracted 30,000 members in Chicago alone and the Windy City ’s government was faced with financial collapse as property owners stopped paying .
The movement had such momentum that the federal government resorted to a national " pay your taxes campaign . "
Chicago teachers were even enlisted to chant " Pay Your Taxes ! " at rallies around the city .
Municipal and government workers , along with academics tried to sell the virtues of a more active state on the radio in a nationwide series called " You and Your Government " that ran from 1932 to 1936 .
" The taxpayers ’ revolt of the 1930s should not be dismissed as a fluke , aberration , or simple response to the stimulus of the depression , " explains Beito .
" Tax revolts in American society , including that of the 1930 ’s , have often reflected , and continue to reflect , persistent suspicions of expansive government , entrenched bureaucracy , and domination of political institutions by experts . "
State legislators and local government officials may want to tread lightly .
Beito points out that the tax rebellions in the 1930s appealed to the masses and average voters .
It would be no different today .
Taxpayers , struggling to make ends meet , would likely join the revolt , if taxes are raised just so 46 year - old ex-policemen and ex-firefighters can enjoy cushy retirements .
Doug French Archives
The Best of Douglas French
DEAN DESERVES HIS DUE ….
Someone ’s going to have to explain to me why Howard Dean is n’t treated better .
Barack Obama is set to host a press conference with incoming Democratic National Committee Chair Tim Kaine on Thursday in what will ostensibly mark the beginning of a new era for the party and the committee .
Noticeably absent from the affair will be the individual who symbolized the old regime .
Former Gov. Howard Dean is not on the list of attendees for the event , a noticeable nonattendance for someone largely credited with revitalizing the Democratic Party ranks and contributing — whether politically or through his 50 - State Strategy – to major electoral gains .
It is unclear whether Dean ’s absence reflects a snub or a scheduling conflict .
Look , Dean has earned some genuine respect .
He was a successful five - term governor , the chairman of the National Governors Association , and a ground - breaking presidential candidate .
He then became chairman of the Democratic National Committee , faced massive institutional resistance , but instituted a wildly - successful national strategy , which helped bring the party to its strongest position in decades .
Even his critics , even some Republicans , are giving him his due .
With that in mind , if you ’re going to have an event to introduce a new DNC chair , the least you can do is have Dean around and sing his praises .
Yes , he ’s traveling today , but a ) the event could have been scheduled for a different day ; and b)
Dean would have rearranged his schedule if asked .
I can kinda sorta understand not asking Dean to lead HHS .
And I realize he probably would n’t have been the ideal Surgeon General .
But leaving him out of today ’s event at the DNC is very hard to understand .
For what it ’s worth , I do n’t think Obama is deliberately snubbing Dean .
From what I hear , the two get along very well , and Obama has said more than once that Dean ’s 50 - state strategy laid the groundwork for his own bottom - up presidential campaign .
For that matter , I ca n’t think of a reason why Tim Kaine would harbor any animosity towards Dean .
So , what explains today ’s Dean - less event ?
I ’m at a loss .
From the tiniest veins , arteries and nerves to serial cross-sections of the spinal cord , these incredibly detailed dissections show and label most every part of the human body .
The collection is the product of a 17 - year collaboration between David L. Bassett , a School of Medicine alumnus and faculty member known for his elegant dissections and love for the human body , and William Gruber , the photographer who invented the View - Master stereoscopic viewing device .
The partnership between the two resulted in the production of the Stereoscopic Atlas of Human Anatomy , which began in 1948 , but was not not completed until 1962 .
It consisted of 221 View - Master reels with 1,554 color stereo views of dissections of every body region .
Each stereo view was accompanied by a black - and - white , labeled drawing and explanatory text .
A courtesy the Lane Medical Archives ( thanks Drew ! ) , today we present you some of the most impressive pictures of The Basset Collection .
Meet the Human Body .
After the removal of an outer layer of bones around the jaw , the dissection shows blood vessels and sensory nerves to the lower teeth and chin .
The onion - like structure is an eye , seen from above with the bony roof of the eye socket removed .
The profusion of blood vessels and the muscles that rotate the eye are visible .
A pelvis from a woman , right , is lighter and wider than that of a man , left .
The wider angle of a woman ’s pubic bones at the base of the pelvis allows birthing of a baby .
Removal of the skin and the layer of tough tissue beneath it , the palmar fascia , reveals a complex arrangement of blood vessels and nerves in the hand and wrist .
This dissection of the kidneys was done after red latex was injected into the arteries and blue latex into the veins .
With all layers of the skin removed on the left side of the head and neck , the dissection displays the blood vessels and nerves of the scalp , almost all of which come from the periphery , not through the skull .
Colored latex was injected into the blood vessels : red for arteries , blue for veins .
The structures in the neck remain covered by a tough layer of tissue known as the cervical fascia .
Inside the vertebral column , cut in half vertically , is a channel for the spinal nerves .
The brown material is the bones ; the white material is the intervertral disks that sometimes “ rupture , ” causing back pain .
A horizontal split has been made on the left to show the connection of the sacrum , a triangular bone at the base of the spine , to the pelvis .
This view of the wrist joint features the two rows of four carpal bones each and shows how they are connected to the bones of the forearm and the fingers .
A dissection of the leg and the foot displays the long tendons connected to the toes , and the blood vessels and nerves to the top of the foot .
This dissection of the backbone was performed by Donald Stilwell , another Stanford professor , for the Bassett atlas .
Note the profusion of arterial blood vessels nourishing the vertebral area of the neck and chest area .
Also , at the top , the ends of the vertebral arteries , which pass into the skull to nourish the brain .
The mediastinum , a central chest compartment located between the lungs , houses the heart .
Immediately to the right of the heart is the aorta , the largest artery of the body .
To the right of the aorta are groups of blood vessels ( one artery and two companion veins ) that run between the ribs to distribute blood through the body .
The phrenic nerve , which sends messages to the diaphragm to breath , is visible as it crosses the heart vertically .
Dissection of the meninges and brain in situ .
On the right the calvaria and layers of the scalp are shown in relation to the dura .
On the left the dura has been cut away to reveal the cerebral hemisphere and cerebellum covered with the arachnoid membrane .
The confluence of the sinuses is shown .
The sclera and cornea have been cut away on the medial side of a right eye to display the anterior chamber , iris , ciliary body and outer surface of the choroid .
Although none of the vessels has been injected , the branches of the superior and inferior medial vorticose veins are clearly visible .
The long posterior ciliary artery was cut across in the resection of the sclera but its course can be traced nearly to the ciliary body .
On this dissection of the heart , the epicardium has been removed from all parts of the atria with the exception of the left auricle .
Dissection of lungs in situ .
The lungs have been dissected from their medial surfaces and are reflected laterally for this image .
Fragmentary portions of all of the chambers of the heart have been preserved .
The great vessels have been kept intact , although the aorta and pulmonary trunk have been elevated to expose more posterior parts of the heart .
The cervical spinal cord .
By removing the rear arches of the neck ( cervical ) vertebra and the fibrous covering ( dura ) over the spinal cord one sees the cervical spinal cord and its nerves .
The blood vessels nourishing the cord and vertebral column and the origin of the cord from the brain are clearly shown .
Dissection of thorax from a posterior approach .
Ribs and vertebral bodies have been resected bilaterally between the second and the ninth thoracic segments .
The periosteum which covered the inner surfaces of the ribs have been preserved in most areas .
The anterior longitudinal ligament , with remnants of the intervertebral discs attached , has also been retained in part .
The lungs have been inflated and are visible through the intact costal pleura .
The proximal parts of the III - VII spinal nerves have been positioned on the pleura in such a way that their dorsal and ventral roots , dorsal rami and communications with the sympathetic trunks are visible .
These components are labeled for the left seventh thoracic nerve .
The intercostal arteries and veins have been cut off in various ways .
The knee joint opened from the front shows the inner surface of the knee cap or patella within its large ligament which is folded downward and forward .
The ear shaped cartilages lie on the surface of the joint floor formed by the tibia .
Between the cartilages one sees the cut ends of the cruciate ligaments so often injured in athletics and frequently reconstructed surgically .
The Jawbone .
The masseter muscle of mastication reflected back to expose the jawbone ( mandible ) and the related vessels , nerves and muscles .
Turnips are cheap and bitter .
Carrots are annoyingly sweet .
But before you allow the unpleasant characteristics of these root vegetables to summon disturbing memories of your relatives , consider how brilliantly they balance each other out .
Pair the bitter turnips with the saccharine carrots and you get a wonderfully complex marriage of flavors and a hearty , inexpensive winter dish .
Mashing the roots up with a generous amount of butter or bacon grease makes them a lot more interesting .
Some folks crumble bacon over top .
I like to serve the orange mess with grilled sausage -- a variation on British bangers and mash .
Carrot and Turnips
The idea is to boil equal amounts of carrots and turnips together , so vary the amounts to suit your needs .
One pound carrots
One pound turnips
Half a stick of butter Salt and pepper to taste
Peel the carrots and turnips and chop the into half inch pieces .
Cover with water in a soup pot , add a little salt , and place over high heat .
Boil for a half an hour or more until the vegetables are extremely tender .
Drain in the pot leaving a little water behind .
Add the butter , salt and pepper and mash with a potato masher to the consistency of chunky mashed potatoes .
Serve immediately .
Yield about 8 cups
- Robb Walsh
It took a year for economists to call the recession .
Yet Madison Avenue felt the pinch earlier than most industries .
Despite an ad-rich presidential election and the Olympics , U.S. ad spending this year is expected to decline 3.8 % to $ 172.5 billion , according to Publicis Groupe SA , as sharp pullbacks in the second half by auto makers and others put an end to routine annual gains .
General Motors Corp. , for instance , has asked its agencies to slash fees by as much as 20 % this year and next .
An industry - wide ad spending decline of another 6.2 % , to $ 161.8 billion , is forecast for 2009 .
In response , big agencies such as Omnicom Group are resorting to layoffs .
Omnicom this year cut loose almost 5 % of its 70,000 employees , and more pink slips are expected at other agencies early in 2009 .
SINDICATE has been played 45067 times so far on arcadevoid.com with 0 game plays today .
SINDICATE has an average game rating of 3/5 :
Israel , at first glance , seems to be dominating the information war over Gaza .
The Israeli government has launched a campaign to dominate the blogosphere : Pro-Israel hackers are waging cyberwar against Hamas , and the Israeli military has kept the international press off the battlefield .
But as the Financial Times notes , social networking site Facebook has become an important venue in the Arab world for protesting the Israeli campaign , as well as a potent fundraising tool for supporters of the Palestinian cause .
Correspondent Abeer Allam writes from Riyadh :
Arab governments often control public protests , leaving donations as one of the few means available to express support for the Palestinians and anger at the Israeli offensive .
Facebook has played a pivotal role , coordinating groups of young people who pray or donate money to the United Nations Relief and Work Agency for Palestine Refugees , Red Crescent Society and other relief organisations .
This Facebook page , for instance , includes links to the Palestine Red Crescent Society , Muslim Aid and the UN Relief and Works Agency for Palestinian Refugees .
It also has a link to a Facebook page opposed to pro-Israeli hackers .
Of course , Israel has plenty of Facebook friends as well .
The Jewish Telegraphic Agency reported today how Matt Freelander , a young Jewish Londoner , organized a pro-Israeli demonstration through Facebook ; around 1,000 people showed up for the rally .
Radio Netherlands notes another Facebook site that aims to round up a million supporters of Israel .
ALSO :
Gary McKinnon claims he was looking for UFO files Computer hacker Gary McKinnon has signed a confession which reflects his " culpability " to avoid extradition to the US , his lawyer has said .
Mr McKinnon who was born in Glasgow but lives in London , faces up to 70 years in prison if found guilty in the US of breaking into military computers .
The 42 - year - old has signed a statement offering to plead guilty to a different charge under UK law .
The Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) said it was considering the statement .
His lawyer Karen Todner said he still denies causing damage , which the US authorities put at $ 800,000 dollars ( £ 532,500 ) , but signed a statement offering to plead guilty to a different charge under the Misuse of Computers
Act in a bid to remain in the UK .
Ms Todner said she was awaiting a response from the Director of Public Prosecutions Keir Starmer QC , but added she was hopeful prosecutors would accept the deal .
" They are different offences to what he was being extradited for , but it reflects his culpability for what he did , " she said .
Legal battle Mr McKinnon , who has Asperger 's Syndrome , trespassed on networks owned by Nasa , the US Army , Navy , Air Force , and Department of Defense in 2001 and 2002 .
The US military said that Mr McKinnon left 300 computers at a US Navy weapons station unusable immediately after the 11 September 2001 attacks .
Mr McKinnon , from Wood Green , north London , claims he was looking for UFO files .
He was easily traced by the authorities because he had used his own e-mail address .
Despite taking his appeal to the House of Lords last year , he lost a six - year legal battle to avoid extradition .
The European Court of Human Rights also declined to back Mr McKinnon 's case against extradition .
An application for permission for a judicial review of the proposed extradition is expected to be heard at the High Court , London , on 20 January .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I was diagnosed with Attention - Deficit / Hyperactivity Disorder ( ADHD ) when I was in 5th grade .
I have all the symptoms - inability to concentrate , restlessness , hyperactivity .
I 've followed and researched different types of treatments ranging from behavioral therapy to medication .
One of the more promising therapies is neurofeedback , which involves continually monitoring patients ' brainwaves .
Subjects attempt to change their brainwaves to a set pattern and receive an auditory signal that tells them whether they were successful .
With enough repetition , neurofeedback can rewire a person 's brain .
A study published in 2005 examines how patients diagnosed with ADHD can learn to better maintain their concentration through neurofeedback .
Depending on how individuals respond to this type of treatment , it can even be used as a replacement for medication .
One manufacturer of neurofeedback devices stands out : SmartBrain Technologies uses videogames .
Called the SMART system , it works as a modified PlayStation 2 or Xbox controller .
A visor on the patient 's head reads his or her brainwaves and sends the information to a processing unit .
The unit decides how well the patient 's brainwaves match up to a specified profile and adjusts the sensitivity of the controller accordingly - the more closely the patient can match the profile , the more responsive the game becomes to the patient 's input .
The controller sensitivity is not handled like an on / off switch ; it 's more like dimmer , able to provide a wide range of feedback .
The SMART system works with any game released for the PlayStation 2 or Xbox , but it 's most effective with games that provide constant movement .
The best genres are platforming and racing , as it's easy to feel when the controller is losing its responsiveness .
After patients complete the training , they can still use ADHD medication but it will likely not be necessary .
The advantages of this approach are obvious :
Unlike other software solutions , there is a library of games readily available for patients to use with the SMART system , and playing a game is inherently more engaging than listening for a sound .
Many have found success using it .
A 2001 study that used videogames with neurofeedback found that patients were more motivated and more likely to complete their treatment than with conventional neurofeedback .
Most neurofeedback systems are only available to clinics due to their cost and the experience they require to use them effectively .
But the SMART system is inexpensive enough to be used at home .
SmartBrain Technologies even offers a DVD version of SMART that adjusts the screen 's brightness according to the patient 's brainwaves .
It was a move to open the technology to an older audience who may not be comfortable with videogames .
The idea of neurofeedback dates back to the 1960s .
Promoted to the public as a kind of magic wand , it fell out of vogue when it could n't deliver the impossible .
As computers became faster and cheaper , better neurofeedback devices became available , triggering a resurgence of the technology .
The birth of the SMART system began at NASA in the 1990s .
Dr. Allen Pope , an engineering psychologist , was trying to increase the awareness and attention of astronauts training to fly the space shuttle .
When using neurofeedback in a flight simulation , he found improvements in the pilots ' attention and engagement .
He created a spin - off technology that used videogames , and NASA patented the idea .
In 2001 SmartBrain Technologies was awarded the patents and went about adapting a system that was as big as a room and made for trained personnel .
After years of work , the system was easy to use and small enough to carry around .
JANUARY 30 -- The prostitution roundup continues apace in Tampa in advance of Sunday 's Super Bowl .
Picking up where we left off Wednesday afternoon , here are mug shots of those nabbed since then for prostitution .
All suspects were photographed by the Hillsborough County Sheriff 's Office . ( 14 pages )
Back when I was finishing my undergrad degree , my final year project ( which is a big part of the final degree exams in Trinity ) was in Java on a Sun SPARCstation 4 ( at the time , one of the more powerful boxen you could get access to as an undergrad ) .
The project was a fair bit of fun , writing a robot controller in Java just as 1.2 was coming out of beta .
Lots of long hours were spent in that lab with three or four others working on their projects , and quite a few all - nighters interspersed with the odd game of networked bomberman 😀
I even managed to get a published paper out of it .
The downside to all of this fun was the Type 5 keyboard .
As planks went , it was n’t really a bad keyboard – no Model M , to be sure , but better than a lot of the cloned generic planks that were out there at the time .
And the mouse was n’t as bad as fingernails on a blackboard .
I suppose .
The thing was , six months of long hours on that puppy , combined with a few hours a week of aikido did a right number on my wrists .
As you ’d probably expect I guess – this kind of thing does tend to stress the joints if you get it wrong :
Anyway , when I started my PhD I had only one non-negotiatable demand – I wanted a good ergonomic keyboard because sharp stabbing pains in the backs of my hands and the insides of my wrists did n’t seem like a fun way to spend a day .
I did a bit of searching on the net , and found the Kinesis Contoured keyboard .
Lots of testimonials , clever design and nifty looks .
I ordered one , had it shipped , and happily unwrapped it and started to use it .
And it was magnificent .
It took about a week to get back to my normal speed of typing after the switch ( I got taught to touch - type by nuns on old manual typewriters in secondary school , which I suppose says rather a lot about the school and what they expected of their pupils – it also explains why I managed to break two computer keyboards before I learned that you do n’t need to actually use a lot of force on them 😀 ) .
Once I was back up to full speed though , I found that that speed then increased .
Not by a massive amount , but 10 % is 10 % .
I also found that I had no pain in my arms at all , even after several hours of typing .
So , a success all round and I proceeded to use that keyboard for about five years until I literally typed it into oblivion – one of the circuit boards in the keyboard failed , and rather than ship it back to California and pay for the repairs , I just used my laptop instead .
Eventually , however , I got tired of that and went and bought a new model ( Kinesis had just brought out a USB model the year earlier ) .
And again , I proceeded to type the daylights out of that one as well ( it ’s still holding up today actually , these things are really surprisingly sturdy ) .
I ca n’t recommend them enough to those who have RSI from typing .
However .
They have two major problems – firstly , they ’re rather expensive at $ 300 apiece .
It could be worse – at one point you could only order them from California , so you had to have them shipped to wherever you were ( that ’s now changed , thankfully , there are a lot of shops stocking them in Europe these days ) .
But $ 300 is a decent netbook these days , so it ’s quite hefty still .
The other major problem is that the bowls the keys sit in .
They ’re central to the design – they let you just curl and uncurl your fingers naturally to reach all of the keys – but they also collect dust , dirt , grime , fluff and eyebrow hair like magnets .
And so , after a short while , you end up with something like this :
Which looks bad enough from this distance , but get up close and look between the keys and it ’s downright unpleasant .
So today , I got to spend a long half - hour pulling all the keys , cleaning up the bowls , cleaning off the keys and replacing everything .
Ew .
But at least it ’s clean now .
Mind you , it ’s nothing as pretty as Josh Carter ’s painted version :
Shiny …
Have you ever wondered why Microsoft renamed the Add / Remove Programs ( XP and earlier ) control panel applet to Programs and Features ( Vista onwards ) ?
It 's possible that Microsoft is considering its own version of something comparable to Linux package management systems .
For those that do n't use Linux , think of it like a Windows Update for all your software .
Such a system could completely revolutionize how users interact with software on Windows , not to mention the security advantages of only letting users install software deemed safe ( which in turn could cause privacy concerns , of course ) .
Microsoft recently sent out a survey to Windows 7 beta participants , asking them various questions regarding " a single place for finding and managing updates for the programs on my PC . "
Participants were asked to give a rating of 1 to 9 ( or pick " not applicable " ) for how important each of the following activities was for them :
The ability to install a program on my PC .
The ability to find the program I want to use on my PC .
The ability to have all programs on my PC up - to - date .
The ability for me to update specific programs on my PC at a time that is convenient for me .
The ability for me to remove a specific program on my PC .
The ability to set the schedule for updating programs on my PC .
The ability for a program to automatically configure settings it needs while it is being installed on my PC ( e.g. there is no need for me to manually configure the firewall , etc ) .
The ability to block a program from being installed on my PC when the program publisher cannot be verified .
The ability to ensure that only programs on my PC from publishers I choose to trust can automatically stay up - to - date .
The ability to install programs on my PC from program publishers I trust , without any security prompts or warnings .
The ability to see security prompts or warnings when trying to install programs from publishers I had not previously chosen to trust .
The ability to install a program so that all the users sharing a PC can use it .
The ability to install a program and have it usable almost immediately .
The ability to install multiple programs on my PC at the same time .
The ability to install programs without causing any noticeable slow - down to other programs on the PC .
The ability to install a program without interrupting other activities I am doing on my PC .
The ability to know that my PC has all the necessary requirements a program needs before installing the program ( e.g. memory , hard disk space ) .
The ability to know the identity of the company or vendor that created a program installed on my PC .
The ability to find reviews and ratings about a program before installing it on my PC .
The ability to quickly find the programs I use most frequently on my PC .
The ability install or update a program without the need for a reboot .
The ability to have a single place for finding and managing updates for the programs on my PC .
The ability to know which programs are causing problems on my PC .
The ability to restore a program to its original settings and behavior when it malfunctions .
The ability to install a program to a USB key .
The ability to discover which programs can be installed .
The ability to discover which programs can be removed .
The ability to discover the repair functionality for a malfunctioning program .
In short , Microsoft is trying to figure out what features and information Windows users would expect a potential software center to include .
The software giant will have to work very hard with third party developers to get such a system working as wanted , but if that were somehow possible , it would definitely be worth the effort .
Who would n't want to be able to search for software locally or on the Internet , look at reviews , check requirements , download , install , keep up - to - update , and repair any piece of software from one control panel applet ?
Hell , if I could lock down computers to only be able to install software from known companies , I 'd be happy .
Based on how well things go , we might just see such a feature in Windows 8 .
Maybe .
In early October , banks began charging premiums above prime rate for variable - rate mortgages and lines of credit .
But , the increases only affected new customers .
Existing customers were safe .
Then , a few days later the Bank of Canada lowered rates and Manulife stopped tying it ’s popular “ One ” mortgage to prime .
That move affected all of their customers and created a mini-firestorm for their PR department .
Angry customers quickly lashed out online .
Now , according to the Globe & Mail , BMO is sending letters to existing customers with lines of credit to tell them their interest rate will be rising by 1 % .
The increase is due to escalating capital costs says the bank , and reportedly affects customers who got lines of credit before October 15 .
Is this a trend ?
Will other banks follow this move ?
Craig Fehr , an analyst with Edward Jones , thinks they might .
Fehr says , “ I think we ’ll see the rest of the competitors follow suit in some fashion …
I think this is going to be the first of many product lines that will get repriced . ”
National Bank analyst , Robert Sedran , explains why : “ Since the banks depend on deposits for much of their funding , if you reduce prime without being able to reduce deposit rates by the same amount , the margin gets squeezed …
Increasing the borrower ’s spread to prime restores some of that lost profitability .
You could see more of that behaviour if interest rates continue to fall . ”
With economists expecting the Bank of Canada to cut rates 1/2 % on Tuesday , all eyes will be on the banks to see how they ’ll react .
If the BoC ’s key lending rate drops 1/2 % but the banks cut prime only 1/4 % , it may create quite a ruckus .
Regarding the line of credit rate increases , most lenders are already at prime + 1.00 % for new business .
Customers who got lines of credit before October 2008 , however , are still generally paying prime rate .
As a bank , it ’s almost a no win situation , with essentially two scenarios : a ) Hold rates , thus giving up profits or operating at a loss ; or b ) Raise rates and risk losing customers to lower - cost competitors .
In this day and age , with bank shareholders so unrelenting and loyalty to lenders so minimal , scenario B is probably the most likely outcome .
_____________________________________________________
Source of quotes and BMO news : Globe & Mail ( Hats off to the Globe for an excellent story )
Simon Hooper
CNN
Tuesday , Jan 27 , 2009
January 26 , 2009 from cspanjunkie.org .
Dennis Kucinich talks about his intention to introduce legislation to put the Federal Reserve under government control .
This article was posted : Tuesday , January 27 , 2009 at 11:44 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Incredible Watermelon Creations
I collect here the most incredible watermelon in all world , they all have amazing design , but the first three are incredible , they are really something special and people How made this watermelon are really good Artist !
Watermelon are among the most beloved of fruit the world over .
The sweet beckoning of this juicy and delicious fruit is found by many to be simply irresistible .
If you ’ve always enjoyed the sweet taste of this wonderful fruit , it is worthwhile to find out some very interesting facts about the watermelon .
The watermelon is a warm , long - season crop .
It is an important horticultural crop that accounts for 2 % of the world area devoted to vegetable crops .
Originating from the Kalahari Desert of Africa , watermelon have made its way along the Mediterranean Sea and by the 10th century , China was already biting into its sweet flesh .
Today the U.S. is the fourth ranked country in the world growing watermelons with 44 states growing the fruit , predominantly in Florida , Texas , California , Georgia , and Arizona .
Amazing Watermelon
Incredible what can come out of some regular watermelons when a hand of an artist is involved !
New York plane crash pilot hailed as ' hero '
The pilot of a US Airways passenger plane , which crash - landed in the waters of the Hudson River to the west of New York city on Thursday night , was being hailed a hero after preventing untold carnage and getting all 155 people on - board off safely .
If a Martian were to look at a map of the Earth ’s religions , what he might find most surprising is the fact that such a map can be drawn at all .
How strange - - he might say to himself -- that so many of the world ’s Hindus are to be found in one place , namely India .
And how odd that Muslims are so very numerous in the Middle East .
With the disconcerting curiosity that is so typical of Martians , he might wonder what explains this geographical clustering .
Do people move countries in order to be close to others of the same faith ?
Or do people simply tend to adopt the religion they grew up with ?
The answer , of course , is the latter -- on the whole .
There are exceptions : Jews moving to Israel , for example , and there are many other cases of religious migration .
Still , the huddling of the faithful is mainly explained by the fact that religion runs in families .
If you have a religion , it is probably the same one as your parents .
Earlier this year a survey by the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life found that nearly three - quarters of American adults professed the religion in which they were raised .
But instead of finding this glass to be three - quarters full , newspapers preferred to notice that it was one - quarter empty .
It was the minority of Americans who either switched religions , or abandoned religion altogether , who were highlighted in reports of the survey ( “ Poll Finds a Fluid Religious Life in US ” , ran a headline in the New York Times ) .
Plainly it does not count as news that religion remains largely a family affair .
Yet it should do , because of its largely unnoticed consequences .
Some religious groups are dramatically outbreeding others , in ways that have an impact on America , Europe and elsewhere .
Consider the Mormons , who grew from six people in a log-cabin in upstate New York in 1830 to 13.1 m adherents around the world in 2007 .
At the beginning of the 20th century , Mormons were a fringe sect in America , with decidedly unusual beliefs .
( They officially hold that God once had a body ; that people exist as spirits before they are physically conceived ; and that Jesus will one day commute between somewhere in Israel and somewhere in the United States . )
Today Mormons are about to overtake Jews in America ; in fact , they may already have done so .
And they almost had their own presidential candidate , in the person of Mitt Romney , a former governor of Massachusetts .
The rapid rise of Mormons in America , growing by an average of 40 % every decade in the 20th century , is mainly due to their large families .
The American state with the highest birth rate is Utah , which is around 70 % Mormon .
In America , on average , Mormon women have nearly three times more children than Jewish women .
Ultra-Orthodox Jews , however , do have plenty of offspring .
This fact is changing the face of Israel , where such families have three times more children than other Israelis .
As a result , at least a quarter of Israel ’s population of under - 17s is expected to be ultra-Orthodox by 2025 , according to Eric Kaufmann at Harvard .
A similar but more gradual increase in the religious right has been taking place in America for decades , and not just because of Mormons .
Conservative Protestant denominations as a whole grew much faster than liberal ones in 20th - century America , and it has been estimated that three - quarters of this growth is due simply to higher birth rates .
Were it not for the fact that Evangelical Christians reproduce faster than other Protestants , George Bush - - who attracted most of the Evangelical votes -- probably could not have made it back to the White House in 2004 .
Like other demographers , Eric Kaufmann expects western Europe to become markedly more religious in the course of the 21st century , as a result of the relatively low fertility of unbelievers and immigration from more pious places .
Not only do denominations with traditionalist values tend to have higher birth rates than their more liberal co-religionists , but countries that are relatively secularised usually reproduce more slowly than countries that are more religious .
According to the World Bank , the nations with the largest proportions of unbelievers had an average annual population growth rate of just 0.7 % in the period 1975 - 97 , while the populations of the most religious countries grew three times as fast .
If they want to spread their gospel , then , one might half - seriously conclude that atheists and agnostics ought to focus on having more children , to help overcome their demographic disadvantage .
Unfortunately for secularists , this may not work even as a joke .
Nobody knows exactly why religion and fertility tend to go together .
Conventional wisdom says that female education , urbanisation , falling infant mortality , and the switch from agriculture to industry and services all tend to cause declines in both religiosity and birth rates .
In other words , secularisation and smaller families are caused by the same things .
Also , many religions enjoin believers to marry early , abjure abortion and sometimes even contraception , all of which leads to larger families .
But there may be a quite different factor at work as well .
Having a large family might itself sometimes make people more religious , or make them less likely to lose their religion .
Perhaps religion and fertility are linked in several ways at the same time .
Mary Eberstadt , a research fellow at the Hoover Institution in Stanford , California , has suggested several ways in which the experience of forming a family might stimulate religious feelings among parents , at least some of the time .
She notes that pregnancy and birth , the business of caring for children , and the horror of contemplating their death , can stimulate an intensity of purpose that might make parents more open to religious sentiments .
Many common family events , she reasons , might encourage a broadly spiritual turn of mind , from selfless care for a sick relation to sacrifices for the sake of a child ’s adulthood that one might never see .
Eberstadt argues that part of the reason why western European Christians have become more secular is that they have been forming fewer stable families , and having fewer children when they do .
This , she suggests , may help to explain some puzzles about the timing of secularisation in certain places .
In Ireland , for example , she notes that people started having smaller families before they stopped going to church .
And , she argues , if something about having families can incline one to religion , this might shed some light on another mystery : why the sexes are not equally religious .
According to Rodney Stark , an American sociologist of religion , the generalisation that men are less religious than women “ holds around the world and across the centuries ” .
In every country - - both Christian and non-Christian -- analysed by Dr Stark , based on data from the World Values Survey in the 1990s , more women than men said they would describe themselves as religious .
There is no agreed explanation for this striking difference .
Perhaps the fact that women play a rather larger role than men in the production and rearing of children has something to do with it .
If family life does contribute to religiosity , then having larger families might backfire on unbelievers .
It might make them more religious .
And since faith is still largely a family affair , their children would then be more likely to be religious , too .
After the talk of Pat Condell ‘s new video being taken down from YouTube , it looks like someone is after me , too .
I do n’t understand why … other than spite .
My video ’s content ?
At the atheist Coming Out Party in Ohio this summer , I videotaped a man desecrating an “ atheist communion wafer ” — really , just a regular cracker with peanut butter on it .
Before the man ’s hammer comes down , breaking the cracker into a million little pieces , the man dedicated the action to the Catholic League ’s Bill Donohue .
( Incidentally , the “ atheist communion wine ” was actually A&W Root Beer . )
It ’s not enough that videos of desecrating actual communion wafers are being taken down ?
Now , someone has to go after anyone who breaks any cracker at all ?!
This is getting out of hand .
These are the complete maps of the original Super Mario Bros. for the NES .
These maps are no longer maintained .
You 're free to do what you like with them .
Levels
Bonus Areas
Misc .
Underground level transition —
The brief non-playable screen where Mario walks into a pipe to enter an underground or underwater level .
Underground end of level —
This area concludes all underground or underwater levels .
Wallpapers
Download a wallpaper of all the maps , one after the other , and reduced in size to fit your desktop .
Choose your desktop size : 640×480 , 800×600 , 1024×768 , 1280×1024 , 1600 ×1200
Project Details
For those interested , these maps were created using FCEU , a free Nintendo emulator for Windows .
I used the ROM image for the Mario / Duck Hunt version of the game .
Screen captures were tediously pieced together in Photoshop .
Some text was reproduced using the Press Start font by codeman38 , which emulates the same font used in SMB .
Some Game Genie codes were used to make mapping easier , including high jumps , 900 - tick timer , and invincibility .
I noticed no side effects from these cheats , so the maps should not be any different due to the use of these codes .
The next challenge was the * energ - , um " ENERGY ! " ;)
Hm , when fans of Transformers think of Energ - , energy , what color do they think of ???
Even the 3 of us brothers disagreed even on this simple point !
" PINK , " one of us said .
" GLOWING and GLITTERY " the other said .
I said , " Rainbow blotchy ... "
Believe me when I tell you there are entirely different set of stories associated with our search for just the right look !.
What we came up with was : ALL OF THE ABOVE !
It IS pink , it IS glowing , and IS also rainbow blotchy looking !
In fact , it looks like it 's got sparks flying around inside the cube !
When we stumbled upon the means to produce this ...
Well , that 's when I really got EXCITED !
This is it .
All I can say is that pictures do n't do it justice .
It looks different colors > MORE than just the pink , silver and purple you can discern in these pictures .
The best I can do to describe it is to say it is a holographic ' sparks ' pattern that looks different from different angles , and different in different types of light ... which exceeded my expectations of what I ever thought possible .
Each is manufactured on reasonably heavy card - stock sturdy enough to hold its shape .
Each is pre-cut and pre-creased .
Instructions :
Do n't fold any crease more than a 90 degree angle .
Bend to about 45 degrees , and close each half of the cube around it until it is held together .
That 's it !
Simple as that !
CLICK HERE for a larger , higher rez picture
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Russia has halted plans to deploy missiles near the Polish border , a Russian news agency quoted the military as saying on Wednesday , in what could be a sign Moscow is seeking better ties with the new U.S. president .
But there was no official confirmation and a Kremlin official said its position had always been that it would only deploy the missiles if Washington defied Moscow by implementing its plan for a missile shield in eastern Europe .
Moscow says the U.S. interceptor system , proposed by former President George W. Bush , threatens its security .
President Barack Obama has not reversed Bush ’s decision but has said he will consider it on its merits .
The report that the Russian deployment has been suspended follows a phone conversation this week between Obama and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev .
Analysts said such a move could open the way for dialogue on other disputes between their countries .
“ The earlier Russian announcement that they were going to deploy missiles ... and point them at NATO allies was unwelcome .
If that decision has now been rescinded , it is a good step , ” said NATO spokesman James Appathurai .
The U.S. envoy to NATO said earlier that , if confirmed , the Russian move would be a “ positive step . ”
Medvedev said a day after Obama ’s election victory he was ordering the deployment of Iskander missile systems to Russia ’s Western outpost of Kaliningrad , which borders the European Union and NATO members Poland and Lithuania .
“ The implementation of these plans has been halted in connection with the fact that the new U.S. administration is not rushing through plans to deploy ” elements of its missile defense shield in Europe , Interfax news agency quoted an unnamed official in the Russian military ’s general staff as saying .
Asked to comment on the report , a Kremlin official said : “ Our position remains unchanged .
We have said that we will not be the first to deploy Iskanders and we are monitoring signals from the United States . ”
The missile issue is likely to be on the agenda if , as expected , Medvedev and Obama meet on April 2 on the sidelines of a Group of 20 summit in London .
GOODWILL GESTURE
“ It ( the suspension of missile deployment ) is a signal to Obama of Moscow ’s goodwill , ” Yevgeny Volk , an analyst in Moscow with the Heritage Foundation think tank , told Reuters .
But a senior Polish diplomatic source played down the significance of the Interfax report .
“ We are at the same place as we were yesterday ... nothing substantial has changed , ” the source said .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
Obama faces a series of other challenges in dealing with Russia , including bridging differences over NATO expansion and strategic arms control .
Some observers believe the Kremlin may be softening its assertive foreign policy because its confidence has been dented by an economic slowdown which has seen the ruble lose about a quarter of its value since July .
The Iskander has a range of up to 400 km ( 250 miles ) .
It is usually equipped with a conventional warhead weighing about half a ton but can also carry a tactical nuclear warhead .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
The administration of former U.S. President George W. Bush angered the Kremlin with its push to deploy interceptor missiles in Poland and establish a radar base in the Czech Republic .
It said the system was needed to protect against potential missile strikes by what it called “ rogue states ” -- specifically Iran and North Korea .
Russia has argued that the proposed system is further evidence -- along with the eastward expansion of NATO -- of Western military influence creeping ever nearer its borders .
The row over the shield helped drive diplomatic ties between Moscow and Washington by the end of the Bush presidency to their coolest since the end of the Cold War .
Pencil is a Firefox plugin that allows you to draw diagram and prototype an applications Graphical User Interface ( GUI ) .
Pencil is similar to Eclipse WireframeSketcher .
You can install the latest version of Pencil from the Mozilla addons site .
Once the Firefox extension has been installed you can launch it by selecting Tools | Pencil Sketching from the Firefox menu .
The Pencil plugin will open in a new Firefox window for you to draw you GUI .
In the left hand side of the Pencil canvas , you will have a set of palettes of different shape collections , such as GTK Widgets , Windows XP Widgets , annotation , and common shapes .
Just drag , drop , and draw the different widgets from the palette to the canvas to draw a UI prototype .
With Pencil , you can create rapid screen mockups and UI prototypes , add your own custom shapes to new palettes , save your work as a Pencil document format , export your diagram or UI as a PNG file ,
I did have issues running the current version of Pencil on Mac OS X , but the Pencil project is Open Source software released under the GPLv2 .
Updated : Police SWAT Team Holds Entire Family at Gunpoint for Hours By By Patrick Burwell Dec 5 , 2008 in Crime
A police SWAT team conducted a food raid in rural Ohio , holding an entire family at gunpoint for hours without explanation .
John Loeffler of IRN joined Brannon Howse of WVN to report this latest story .
Agents from the State of Ohio Department of Agriculture with the S.W.A.T. team did not give any explanation to the family other than a warrant , did not provide them a phone call , did not charge the family with anything as they burst into their private home .
But what they did do was make a big mess , taking over ten thousand dollars of merchandise with them , reported the IVN Bureau Chief .
" They were not read their rights …
Over ten thousand dollars worth of food was taken , including the family ’s personal stock of food for the coming year .
All of their computers and all of their cell phones were taken , as well as phone and contact records .
The food cooperative was virtually shut down .
There was no rational explanation , nor justification , for this extreme violation of Constitutional rights . "
- John Loeffler , IRN / USA Mr. Loeffler is the Station Bureau Chief of IRN / USA Radio News , a 40 - year broadcast news veteran and host of the weekly news program “ Steel on Steel ” ( America is now becoming a nation that steals food from its own citizens ?
" Presumably Manna Storehouse might eventually be charged with running a retail establishment without a license .
Why then the Gestapo - type interrogation for a 3rd degree misdemeanor charge ?
This incident has raised the ominous specter of a restrictive new era in State regulation and enforcement over the nation ’s private food supply . " - steveandpaularunyan.blogspot.com
Have we entered a new era of police brutality at the hands of our own government ?
John said , “ They kept guns trained on the parents , the kids , toddlers , from about 11 in the morning until eight in the afternoon . ”
Is this what we expect now from our government ?
We ’ll be reporting more on this story as it develops .
A call was placed this morning to the Farmer to Consumer Legal Defense Fund for a statement on whether they will be representing the Stowers family and the Mannah Storehouse in the future but there was no answer .
The Stowers family cannot be reached but an email was dispatched for comment .
The radio talk show Brannon Howse streams live every day [ ----------------
Update : The Stowers Family representative has responded and stated they would be making a statement in the near future .
- Patrick J Burwell Update : 1820hrs : December 5 , 2008 A call to the Lagrange Township Sheriff 's Department , 440-329-3710 , and the Lorain Sheriff Dept. , ( 440) 355-4469 , Reports there was no SWAT call for that address December 1st .
The Family is still not available for further comment but the IRN Network Bureau Chief reported SWAT was there with a specific Department of Agriculture agent .
I placed a call to John Loeffler who is presently recording his radio show and he will respond by phone when he comes out .
More details to follow as they are revealed ...
-----------------
Update here ------------------------
Latest Update from Mannah Storehouse : Hi everyone .
We are happy to announce that you can now follow our case through our attorney 's website :
We are unable to personally answer questions about the case or do interviews at this time , so please direct those types of questions to our lawyer , who is doing that for us .
His contact information : Maurice Thompson ( 614 ) 224-4422 mthompson@buckeyeinstitute.org
We would also encourage people to write letters , especially to the Governor of Ohio , the Ohio Department of Agriculture and the Lorain County Health Department .
We have had people inquire about making a donation to our legal fund .
We would encourage anyone wanting to make a donation for that purpose to make it to the Buckeye Institute .
The following is from their website : " The Buckeye Institute is an independent research and education group .
As such , we do not perform contract work or accept government grants .
To maintain the highest degree of intellectual integrity , we need the support of the people whose lives we 're seeking to improve through sound public policy .
We thank you in advance for your support .
" Jackie would also request that anyone who has a similar story to share ( government abuse ) , please mail or email it to us !
Thank you again to everyone for your encouragement and support !
Katie Stowers ( for the rest of the family ) :)
Manna Storehouse 43565 State Route 303 LaGrange , OH 44050 ( 440 ) 355-5826 ; ( 440 ) 355-5831 fax www.mannastorehouse.com mannastorehouse@windstream.net
Brannon Howse interviewed John Loeffler about his article on ChristianWorldviewNetwork.com on why SWAT police , armed for riot control weapons , packing automatic rifles and armored for a terrorist response stormed a family food cooperative in Ohio .
Agents from the State of Ohio Department of Agriculture with the S.W.A.T. team did not give any explanation to the family other than a warrant , did not provide them a phone call , did not charge the family with anything as they burst into their private home .
But what they did do was make a big mess , taking over ten thousand dollars of merchandise with them , reported the IVN Bureau Chief .
Mr. Loeffler is the Station Bureau Chief of IRN / USA Radio News , a 40 - year broadcast news veteran and host of the weekly news program “ Steel on Steel ” ( www.steelonsteel.com ) , which began in 1990 , heard on the Information Radio Network .
America is now becoming a nation that steals food from its own citizens ?
Have we entered a new era of police brutality at the hands of our own government ?
John said , “ They kept guns trained on the parents , the kids , toddlers , from about 11 in the morning until eight in the afternoon . ”
Is this what we expect now from our government ?
We ’ll be reporting more on this story as it develops .
A call was placed this morning to the Farmer to Consumer Legal Defense Fund for a statement on whether they will be representing the Stowers family and the Mannah Storehouse in the future but there was no answer .
The Stowers family cannot be reached but an email was dispatched for comment .
The radio talk show Brannon Howse streams live every day [ http://www.worldviewmatters.net ] is an excellent source of information and worth your while subscribing to .----------------Update :
The Stowers Family representative has responded and stated they would be making a statement in the near future .
- Patrick J BurwellUpdate : 1820hrs : December 5 , 2008A call to the Lagrange Township Sheriff 's Department , 440-329-3710 , and the Lorain Sheriff Dept. , ( 440) 355-4469 , Reports there was no SWAT call for that address December 1st .
The Family is still not available for further comment but the IRN Network Bureau Chief reported SWAT was there with a specific Department of Agriculture agent .
I placed a call to John Loeffler who is presently recording his radio show and he will respond by phone when he comes out .
More details to follow as they are revealed ...-----------------------------------------Latest Update from Mannah Storehouse : Hi everyone .
We are happy to announce that you can now follow our case through our attorney 's website : www.buckeyeinstitute.org .
The press statement can be seen directly at : http://www.buckeyeinstitute.org/article/1284
We are unable to personally answer questions about the case or do interviews at this time , so please direct those types of questions to our lawyer , who is doing that for us .
His contact information : Maurice Thompson ( 614 ) 224-4422
We would also encourage people to write letters , especially to the Governor of Ohio , the Ohio Department of Agriculture and the Lorain County Health Department .
We have had people inquire about making a donation to our legal fund .
We would encourage anyone wanting to make a donation for that purpose to make it to the Buckeye Institute .
The following is from their website : " The Buckeye Institute is an independent research and education group .
As such , we do not perform contract work or accept government grants .
To maintain the highest degree of intellectual integrity , we need the support of the people whose lives we 're seeking to improve through sound public policy .
We thank you in advance for your support .
" Jackie would also request that anyone who has a similar story to share ( government abuse ) , please mail or email it to us !
Thank you again to everyone for your encouragement and support !
Katie Stowers ( for the rest of the family ) :) Manna Storehouse43565 State Route 303LaGrange , OH 44050 ( 440 ) 355-5826 ; ( 440 ) 355-5831 fax More about Police , Brutality , Homeopathic , Co-op More news from police brutality homeopathic co-op
Peter Falk Has Advanced Alzheimer's
, daughter of actor , is petitioning the Los Angeles court system for conservatorship of the 81 year old actor .
The five time Emmy Award winning celebrity is suffering the advanced stages of Alzheimer 's disease and requires full custodial care for his health and safety according to court documents .
Falk made media headlines in April of this year when he exhibited some bizarre behavior that was captured by paparazzi .
A policeman intervened and assisted the actor in getting back home .
See those photos here .
Best known for his role as Lieutenant Columbo on the long running television series Columbo , Falk was also nominated twice for Academy Awards for movie roles in Murder , Inc. and Pocket Full of Miracles .
A court hearing has been scheduled for late January .
Photo gallery below .
If you happen to have .rpm file package that you would like to install on your Ubuntu machine , you will have to convert that file to .deb first for it to be installed .
How will you do it ?
-- Use the package converter application called “ alien ” .
Alien is a program that converts between the rpm , dpkg , stampede slp , and slackware tgz file formats .
If you want to use a package from another distribution than the one you have installed on your system , you can use alien to convert it to your preferred package format and install it .
Despite the large version number , alien is still ( and will probably always be ) rather experimental software .
It has been used by many people for many years , but there are still many bugs and limitations .
$ sudo apt - get install alien
$cd ~/ Desktop
$ sudo alien –k rpm-file - name.rpm
$ sudo dpkg –i deb- file - name.deb
HERE
It ’s worth noting that “ alien ” can also convert other kinds of packages , so you may want to check out its mapage for instructions .
You can also visit its websitefor more details .
From the project ’s website :
You can get alien through Synaptic Package Manager or via the command line :
After you have installed alien , you can now start converting your .rpm files .
To convert .rpm file to .deb using the command line , first you have to go to the directory where you saved your .rpm file .
Assuming it ’s on your desktop :
Then , convert the .rpm file to .deb with this command :
After that , you can now install the .deb file in Ubuntu using a Debian package installer or with this command :
With Windows 7 having made its grand debut , and with KDE4 ’s vision making leaps and bounds forward with every release , we have two major software projects that have decided to implement some fairly drastic interface changes .
Such changes are bound to receive some harsh criticisms – but the funny thing is , these criticisms usually come from people you least expect it from .
When KDE 4.0 was released , there was a lot of criticism being thrown its way , but it ’s important to make a distinction between two types : the criticism that KDE 4.0 should n’t have have been released as 4.0 , but as a developer preview or something – and the criticism that KDE 4.0 was different than KDE 3.x , and did things in a different way .
Windows 7 did n’t have the released - too - early problem ( yet ) , but did face a storm of criticism from people like Paul Thurrot for being too different from what came before it .
In a sense , with today ’s release of KDE 4.2 , both KDE and Windows 7 are in a very similar position .
Both KDE 4.2 and Windows 7 build upon frameworks and technologies that have been available for a while , exposing them to users in a useful way .
For instance , Windows 7 ’s HomeGroup does n’t introduce any new technologies ; it builds upon low - level features and frameworks already present in Windows Vista .
It just ties those low - level features together and makes them transparent to the user .
The Windows 7 taskbar is a similar case ; it also ties features and abilities of previous Windows releases together to make the taskbar a better fit for the Windows application / document paradigm .
The same more or less applies to KDE 4.2 , only to a much greater degree , as the changes between KDE 3 and KDE 4 are much more encompassing and drastic than those between Vista and Windows 7 .
KDE 4.2 builds upon the frameworks and low - level features introduced in previous KDE 4.x releases , and exposes them to users in a useful way .
This process is on - going , and future KDE 4.x releases will only expose more of the fancy new frameworks to users .
Both KDE and Windows should be commended for trying to change some of the established UI conventions , trying out new ideas , and implementing new approaches to user interaction .
KDE ’s ideas are much more drastic than Windows ’ , but the essence remains the same .
Like I said , I ’ve seen many people criticise the changes implemented by both Windows 7 and KDE 4 , and all of these criticisms seem to come from people who at least call themselves technically inclined and computer enthusiasts .
I realised ages ago that computer users most averse to change are not normal , every - day users – but nerds , geeks , computer enthusiasts .
Normal users are n’t as averse to change as many seem to imply .
Hundreds of thousands of people switch from Windows to Mac OS X every year .
I ’ve seen many of my friends switch to Mac OS X without so much as a hitch .
A few pointers , maybe , but that ’s it .
If you ’ve ever seen someone use Microsoft ’s ribbon interface for the first time , you ’ll see that it does n’t take them very long to adapt .
My point is that us tech folk always criticise the normal users for being averse to change , inflexible , and , well , plain stupid , barely able to find the “ on ” button – but if my years and years of OSNews reading , commenting , and editing have taught me one thing , it ’s that the more technically inclined people are , the more averse to change they are .
No better is this illustrated than by Steven J. Vaughan - Nichols latest piece .
He criticises both KDE 4 and Windows 7 , but all of his criticism basically comes down to “ I have to do things slightly differently !
Help !
I ’m lost ! ” – exactly , the same thing we are so eager to blame normal users of doing .
And I might have singled out SJVN , but he ’s not the only one of his kind being averse to change .
Just browse through the OSNews comments ’ section to any article related to KDE 4 , Windows 7 , or Office 2007 , and you ’ll see one after another .
I find it slightly amusing that the people who are the most stern advocates of normal users moving away from Windows , trying out alternatives , are the same people who are usually lost whenever they themselves have to change their way of doing things .
Do as I say , but not as I do .
KDE 4.2 ’s release is imminent , and while it certainly is n’t perfect by any stretch of the imagination , the KDE team deserves praise for at least having the guts to go against the stream and come up with something truly new .
Instead of condemning them for it , why do n’t you give them an honest chance for a change , and not curl up in a fetal position when you discover they moved your pet feature three pixels .
The problem with Super Bowl snacks is that they 're boring .
It 's time for something new .
On Sunday , most of America will gorge on typical salty , fatty and totally unhealthy foods : buffalo wings , nachos , pizza .
And that 's just fine .
The Super Bowl is all but an official federal holiday , and holiday feasts are n't supposed to scrupulous .
But they should be scrumptious .
Wired Science asked leading molecular gastronomists for their own preferred finger foods recipes .
Inspired by the experimental spirit of science , they 've come up with new variations on old standbys , from Wylie Dufresne 's pizza pebbles to Homaro Cantu 's olive dipping chips .
" With the vanishing of preconceptions over recent years of what we can do in the kitchen in regards to taste , technique and technology , food is becoming much more influenced by science , " said chef Kevin Sousa , designer of the puffed sauerkraut pictured above .
" Every time an advance is made with an ingredient or piece of equipment , that advance inspires countless chefs to push themselves to create a dish that is equally ambitious . "
Wylie Dufresne : Pizza Pebbles
PIZZA PEBBLES
Ingredients : 105 grams toast powder • 30 grams tomato powder • 45 grams parmesan powder • 45 grams buttermilk powder • 67.5 grams garlic confit oil
Procedure : Mix the toast , tomato , parmesan and buttermilk powder together in a bowl .
Drizzle in the garlic confit oil ( see recipe below ) .
Mix well until it resembles wet sand .
Form into small spheres about the size of a dime in diameter and reserve .
When rolling is complete , place in sauté pan over medium heat and swirl pan continuously until spheres begin to form smooth “ pebbles ” .
Pour onto a tray , let cool and serve .
Note : Dufresne purchases his powders here — but in the grand spirit of kitchen tinkering , it should n't be too hard to make your own .
GARLIC CONFIT OIL
Ingredients : 285 grams garlic clove , peeled • 445 grams grapeseed oil
Procedure : Combine ingredients and heat gently until garlic is tender .
Puree with a pinch of salt .
Homaro Cantu : Greek Chips & Dip
OLIVE CHIPS
Ingredients : 100g tapioca starch ( this can be purchased from most asian markets ) • 100g kalamata olives , do not use oil cured olives as they will not work properly ( including juice )
Procedure : Puree olives with juice in a food processor .
Fold in tapioca starch until it forms a workable ball of dough .
Place the dough in between 2 pieces of plastic wrap and roll out to 1/8th inch thickness .
Steam until opaque .
Allow to cool and cut into strips that are 1 inch by 2 inches .
Dry overnight on a metal rack , they should look like shriveled purple leather .
Fry in 400 degrees Fahrenheit oil to puff up and allow to cool , they will more than triple in size .
FETA -PARSLEY PUREE
Ingredients : ¼ bunch parsley , leaves only • Boiling salted water for blanching •
Ice water for shocking parsley • 200 grams feta cheese • 30 grams whole milk • Kosher salt to taste
Procedure : Blanch parsley in boiling salted water for 30 seconds and quickly shock in ice water .
Place parsley , feta and milk into a blender and blend until it reaches a smooth and silky consistency .
Season with salt to taste .
The puree should be bright green .
To plate : Spread a small amount on chips and serve immediately .
Kevin Sousa : Puffed Sauerkraut
PUFFED SAUERKRAUT
Ingredients : 220 grams prepared sauerkraut • 200 grams small tapioca pearls , coarse ground in spice mill • 40 grams sauerkraut juice
• Salt to taste
Procedure : Puree all ingredients in food processor until a dough forms .
Roll in between two sheets of plastic wrap , steam for ten minutes over on the underside of a pan inverted over a steam bath covered tightly .
When cool , remove plastic wrap and dry in 180 degrees
Fahrenheit .
oven until completely dry and brittle .
Break in desired sized pieces and deep fry at 350 degrees until crisp and puffed to about three times original size .
Season and reserve .
POTATO -CHEDDAR CHEESE DIP
Ingredients : 228 grams Idaho potato ( approximately one potato ) • 100 grams aged cheddar cheese • 80 grams warm chicken stock •
18 grams microplaned garlic • 9 grams ultratex 3 • Salt and black pepper to taste
Procedure : Peel and quarter one large Idaho potato , place in vacuum bag and Cryovac .
Cook sous vide at 180 degrees Fahrenheit for 2 hours .
Place hot potato in food processor with blades at high speed .
Add cheddar , garlic and two thirds chicken stock .
Add ultratex and adjust consistency ( it should be that of slightly loose cream cheese ) .
Season with salt and black pepper , cool , and place in a squeeze bottle with an 1/8 " opening .
Reserve .
EAST END BIG HOP BRATWURST PUREE
Ingredients : 230 grams bratwurst ( removed from casing )
• 200 grams caramelized red onion , cooled • 1 liter plus East End Big
Hop beer ( substitute brew of your choice ) • 3 sheets gelatin ( bloomed in cold water ) • 3 grams agar agar • Salt and black pepper to taste
Procedure :
In medium saucepan , bring half of beer to a boil , add bratwurst and reduce heat , reduce liquid by half , add caramelized red onion and cook for an additional five minutes .
Transfer to blender and blend on high until smooth adjusting consistency with more beer if necessary , reserve .
Place other half liter of beer in a small saucepan and add agar agar , puree with immersion blender and place over medium heat while constantly whisking , bring to a simmer and add bloomed gelatin
( squeezed of excess water ) .
Return to a simmer and turn off heat .
Combine bratwurst mixture and agar mixture in high speed blender and puree until smooth and creamy , push through a tamis or fine mesh screen , season and cool .
Pipe mixture into a squeeze bottle with a pastry bag .
BRAISED MUSTARD SEEDS
Ingredients : 50 grams yellow mustard seeds • 1 liter water • 20 grams apple cider vinegar • 10 grams spicy mustard • 40
grams grapeseed oil • Salt to taste
Procedure :
In small saucepan , combine mustard seeds and water .
Bring to a boil , reduce to a low simmer , and cook until seeds are soft and liquid is semi-gelatinous .
Cool to room temperature .
In a small bowl , whisk together vinegar , mustard and grapeseed oil .
Dress seeds and season .
Cool completely and reserve .
CREME FRAICHE PUDDING
Ingredients : 200 grams crème fraiche • 4 grams ultratex 3 • 1 gram locust bean gum •
Salt to taste
Procedure :
In a high speed blender , puree all ingredients until smooth and creamy .
Strain through a chinoise and place in a squeeze bottle .
Cool .
To Plate : Place sauerkraut puff in center of plate .
In a long smooth motion squeeze potato cheddar dip in one strip over the puff .
Squeeze five dollops of the bratwurst beer puree randomly in close proximity to the puff .
Spoon the mustard seeds on to the puff , using them according to your tastes ; drizzle the crème fraiche over the puff and finish with baby caraway leaves .
Marc Lepine & Michael Holland : Beer Ice Cream with Pretzel Crust and Dipping Sauces
BEER ICE CREAM
Ingredients : 460 grams 35 % cream • 165 grams sugar • 6 egg yolks • 400 mL beer • 100 grams honey • 100 ml beer • 100 grams pretzels
Directions :
Place sugar and yolks in bowl and 35 % cream in pot .
Bring cream to a boil and slowly temper yolk mixture .
Place back on heat and cook to anglaise stage , coating back of spatula .
Cool down immediately in ice bath .
Place ice cream mix and beer in a mixer with paddle attachment ( a whisk and bowl works , too . )
On low speed , gradually add
liquid nitrogen ½ cup at a time until mixture is frozen and becomes thick enough to pipe .
( Note : If you can't get liquid nitrogen , an ice cream maker will do . )
With a plain round piping tip , pipe lines on frozen steel tray .
Leave there until ready to bread ice cream .
For breading , take some honey and small amount of beer and mix until smooth and slightly thicker than water .
Place pretzels in blender and blend until fine , sifting out powder .
Place pretzels in bowl .
Take frozen beer ice cream off the tray , one at a time , and dip into honey •beer mixture completely coating it , then placing into bowl of crushed pretzels .
Using your hands , squeeze crushed pretzels into ice cream tightly to ensure it sticks .
Place immediately into freezer for 6
hours .
MUSTARD SABAYON
Ingredients : 125 mL water • 50 grams Dijon mustard • 20 grams grainy mustard • 45 grams honey • 8 egg yolks
Place all ingredients in a bowl .
Cook at 175 degrees for 6 - 8
minutes , then blend thoroughly in a mixer .
Cool immediately in ice bath , and keep in covered container in fridge .
BLUE CHEESE WHIZ
Ingredients : 200 grams blue cheese • 200 mL milk • 2.8 grams sodium citrate • 250 grams cream cheese
Procedure : Place blue cheese , milk and sodium citrate in pot .
Heat until cheese is melted and mixture is smooth .
Cool mixture in fridge .
Take cream cheese and blend in mixer with paddle attachment ( or with a whisk and bowl ) until smooth .
Slowly add blue cheese mixture to cream cheese , blending until smooth .
Place in fridge 3 - 4 before using to set cheese mixture .
WHIPPED FRANK'S HOT SAUCE
Ingredients : 150 grams egg whites • 300 grams sugar • 125 grams Frank ’s Hot Sauce • 50 grams water
Directions : Combine sugar , Frank ’s hot sauce , and water in pot .
Bring to boil and cook to 350 degrees Fahrenheit .
Slowly whip egg whites to stiff peak timing it with the temperature of the boiled syrup .
Once syrup reaches 350 degrees , slowly pour into egg whites and continue whipping until mixture thickens and cools down .
Place in piping bag and keep in fridge until ready to use .
To plate : Spread blue cheese whiz onto plate with offset spatula .
Pipe a rosette of whipped Frank ’s hot sauce , and place a spoonful of mustard sabayon .
Place Beer Pretzel next to dipping sauces .
Will Goldfarb & Jennifer Leuzzi : " Dry " Olive Oil Popcorn
OLIVE OIL POWDER
Ingredients : 3 tablespoons ( 1.5 ounces ) extra virgin Olive Oil • 1 tablespoon ( 0.5 ounces ) tapioca maltodextrin
Procedure :
In a bowl , pour the olive oil in a slow thin stream into the tapioca maltodextrin while whisking .
Whisk until well blended , but still dry and coarse .
Place a tamis or fine mesh strainer over a mixing bowl .
Using a spatula , press a ¼ of the mixture through a tamis or fine mesh strainer .
Repeat .
Store powder in an air - tight container for up to one month .
To plate : Sprinkle it on popcorn , salads , pizza , toast , pasta .
It will become your favorite condiment .
( For popcorn , add 2 tablespoons powder per 1 cup of popped corn . )
Recipe Variation :
You can use other oils for this recipe .
But as oils have different consistencies , test a small quantity first using the 3:1 ratio to see how it works .
If it 's too runny add more tapioca maltodextrin .
Image : Emilie Baltz
Richard Blais : The Aroma Dome
Grab your Smoking Gun .
Or your hookah .
Or that tube - like apparatus from college .
Fill with spices or hickory chips .
Find a big glass bowl .
Serve your food under the inverted bowl .
Fire up the smoker ; place the tube under the dome to capture the smoke .
When serving , remove the dome and — voilà ! — the smokey flavor swirling underneath hits the guests .
Image : Flickr / Jan Krömer
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and Del.icio.us feed ; Wired Science on Facebook .
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Clarion hotel
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
Snorers , sheet - stealers , seafood - eaters and those with a post -CEGEP education need not apply .
Foxhole Radio
There will be an updated version of the Foxhole Radio page here before too long .
In the meantime , please consider reading my book Foxhole Radio , an exhaustive account of foxhole radios from WWII and beyond , and of the servicemen who built them .
Available at Amazon and wherever books are sold .
© Brian Carusella and Bizarre Labs .
All rights reserved .
Quotes and images not my own remain in the copyright of the originator or else in the public domain .
It ’s been just over a year since I launched the Weekly Carboholic in late 2008 , and I had grand plans to write up something special to mark the anniversary and the new year .
Instead I took three weeks off from writing the Carbo and dumped my time into writing about the Tennessee Valley Authority ’s coal ash sludge spill .
But we ’re back as of this week , although we may be a little hit - and - miss through February .
— — —-
Distributed nuclear “ batteries ” a solution for expensive nuclear ?
Nuclear power is expensive , with a new birth - to - death analysis suggesting 20 - 30 cents per kWh – 10 x what the nuclear industry has claimed previously .
But does it have to be that way ?
Is there no way to eliminate the risks of proliferation , reduce nuclear waste , and make the plant safe from terrorism and meltdown , all while making the reactor cheaply ?
It turns out that there just might be .
According to the Houston Chronicle , Hyperion Power Generation ( HPG ) has commercialized a nuclear “ battery ” that runs of low grade , proliferation - proof uranium hydride fuel that can’t melt down , that produces enough electricity for 20,000 homes , and is small enough that it can be sealed at the factory and then shipped on a big truck to it ’s operational site .
And because it ’s buried underground , it ’s relatively terrorism proof and does n’t need a thick , heavy containment vessel .
And the Chronicle reports that HPG has 100 orders already , at only about $ 30 million each , for use mostly in Canada for extracting oil from tar sands .
The economics of nuclear power in a mass - production model like what HPG has proposed are radically better – France and Japan have relatively inexpensive and reliable nuclear reactors precisely becuase they developed a couple of standardized designs and then deployed them widely , working out the bugs in the process .
HPG will have the opportunity to do the same here assuming that the Nuclear Regulatory Commission grants the necessary permits .
While the development of a small commercial nuclear energy supply is new , the technology that HPG has used is 50 years old and has been proven safe .
That said , the problems of the uranium supply , fuel refining , and waste disposal and / or reprocessing remain .
And until those problems are solved , it ’ll be hard to know what the full lifecycle cost of these nuclear “ batteries ” are .
But for the first time in several years , I ’m actually reasonably upbeat about a nuclear power technology .
— — —-
A brief TVA sludge spill update
According to both the Nashville Tennessean and the Knoxville News - Sentinel , the holding pond for the ash sludge had problems that went back decades .
From the Tennessean article :
A Dec. 22 , 2003 , report listed several repair alternatives , including converting to a dry ash collection system , a liner over the entire landfill , a vibrating beam cutoff wall and a new dredge cell .
A dry collection system — a method that is more labor intensive — is considered more environmentally safe for waterways and groundwater than the wet method .
It also was the most expensive fix at $ 25 million , according to the TVA report .
The liner installation was estimated at $ 5 million , but TVA noted that it would set “ a precedence for all other dredge cells ” and “ take a long time to construct . ”
In other words , the expensive options might make the TVA have to install liners at other power plants , so the TVA made a business decision not to install liners ( which are required on standard landfills and mining ponds , and will likely be required of ash pits sometime in 2008 ) .
Given the clean up costs from this disaster , TVA ’s cost - benefit analysis was apparently a bit flawed this time .
And from the News - Sentinel :
The pool ’s walls , called dikes by the agency , are made of bottom ash that is sculpted and landscaped to prevent erosion . …
Over the past five years , the dikes have been prone to leaking except when repairs were being made , according to the report .
As a result of TVA , the Charleston Gazette reports that West Virginia Congressman Nick J. Rahall , Chairman of the House Natural Resources Committee , plans to close a loophole in existing federal law that permits power - plant dams to avoid regulations designed to prevent blowouts ( like what happened in Tennessee ) at pre-combustion coal slurry impoundments .
Photojournalist Antrim Caskey has a story at AlterNet that focuses on the residents who are affected by the sludge slide more than most stories have to date – the house that was destroyed just after 3.5 years of extensive work , the man who leapt out of his bed and kicked out a window to escape his home and who suffers from insomnia now – and a truly amazing slideshow of photos taken around the area at the bottom of page two .
And for those of you who are n’t in Tennessee but who live reasonably close to a coal plant or know people who do , Environmental Health News has a list of over 100 news stories from around the country , a significant number of which are regional papers reporting on the risk of similar collapses in their communities .
And the Society of Environmental Journalists has a tips on how to track down what ’s happening with coal ash in your communities here .
( disclosure – I ’m a member of SEJ )
— — —-
New definition of seawater to improve ocean modeling
Most people do n’t think about water since it ’s so common , but water is not all the same .
Lots of people do n’t like to drink their tap water because of its taste , and we do n’t put fish into swimming pools without expecting them to die in short order from the chlorine .
And of course there ’s saltwater and freshwater .
But as with different varieties of freshwater , there ’s different varieties of ocean water too .
But until now , climate models have assumed that all sea water is the same , and so the new effort to define seawater around the Earth is expected to improve the accuracy of climate and ocean models .
The issue is that differences in mineral content , salinity , density , and temperature all affect how the ocean reacts to , and drives , changes in weather patterns , climate variations over years or decades , ocean current circulation , etc .
And so the need for more accurate models has driven oceanographers to take another look at seawater .
— — —-
UK MET
Office expects warmer 2009 , more record temperatures starting in 2010
There are a only three or four sources of global temperature data , and the one with the longest record is the Met Office of the UK combined with the University of East Anglia .
And the Met Office is predicting that 2009 will be the warmest year since 2005 even though La Nina conditions – which usually cool the entire planet somewhat – are persisting in the eastern Pacific .
Not only that , but Reuters reports that Met Office researchers expect that after 2009 the record global temperature set in 1998 ( in the Met record – NASA and NOAA have 2007 as the hotest on record ) will be exceeded .
So much for global cooling ….
— — —-
Food pests expected to thrive in warmer climate
A warmer world with more carbon dioxide will produce more plant growth , but at reduced nutritional value for staple crops like potatoes , rice , and corn .
In other words , more plant mass but less food , and as a result no less starvation .
A new study reported in Planet Ark makes the picture even bleaker – a warmer world will favor crop pests that eat staple food crops like corn .
The researcher ’s methodology was simple – estimate the number of winter days cold enough to kill pest insect eggs and larva and the number of days warm enough to allow the pests to grow and eat and compare that to today ’s weather and crop losses .
And the result of warmer winters means more pests and so more crop losses .
The key paragraph is this one , although you might not realize it :
For example , temperatures in Iowa , the top US corn producing state , were suitable for corn earworm survival in zero to three years of every 24 years in the 20th Century .
But in the 21st Century , that frequency was projected to increase to one to seven out of every 24 years .
“ Zero to three years ” out of every 24 years means that there were some 24 - year periods where the corn earworm did n’t affect corn crops at all .
But the estimates of “ one to seven years ” means that there will be no periods in the 21st century when temperatures are low enough to keep the corn earworm from damaging crops .
None .
And there will be some periods where there could be over twice the damage to corn crops than was seen in the 20th century .
That ’s a huge deal , given that the article points out that corn earworms destroy 2 % of the corn crop in the U.S .
2 % from this pest alone – when there some periods when there was no loss at all from this pest – will more than double the losses when there are no periods without loss from the corn earworm .
And that ’ll either require lower corn use or more land cleared for corn farming .
Given the damage to the Gulf of Mexico that corn cultivation causes , neither is a great solution .
— — —-
Climate to impact port of New Orleans
An article in the New Orleans Times - Picayune reports that sea level rise driven by climate disruption is expected dramatically affect the port of New Orleans .
It ’s part of a large series that is and excellent and in - depth exploration of how subsiding land and a rising Gulf of Mexico will stick the state of Loiusiana , and the city of New Orleans , between a rock and a hard place , metaphoricaly speaking .
But what grabbed my attention in this piece was that it ’s talking about how the port will be affected – raising the port more than it has been already may be required , roads that are presently on land may become bridges , and so on .
And the costs for all that work is likely going to be in the billions of dollars just for the port of New Orleans .
And while it ’s true that most other ports around the world do n’t have to deal with a river delta that ’s slowly sinking into the ocean , there are still 189 U.S. ports in this Wikipedia list , far more than that in this list , and even more here .
Lowballing the cost to upgrade each one to handle sea level rise at only $ 1 billion will still add up to a global total of trillions of dollars .
Image credits :
Hyperion Power Generation
Capital Regional District , Vancouver , Canada
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 26/1/2009 ( 4264 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
A same - sex couple has filed a human rights complaint against a south Winnipeg doctor , claiming she refused to take them as patients and told them she does n't know how to treat lesbians .
Andrea and Ginette Markowski , who recently moved to Winnipeg from Yellowknife , were stunned last week when a family doctor at Lakewood Medical Centre suggested the couple look for another physician since homosexuality violates her religious beliefs .
The legally married couple also claim the doctor said she has no experience treating lesbians .
PHIL HOSSACK / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS Ginette ( left ) and Andrea Markowski have filed a human rights complaint against a Winnipeg doctor , saying she refused to take them as patients .
Andrea Markowski said she and her partner of 18 years made an appointment with Dr. Kamelia Elias after they heard she was accepting new patients .
She said Elias started to take the couple 's medical history and asked how long the women had been together -- at which point , the doctor told them she 's never treated lesbians before .
Markowski said she asked Elias whether treating a same - sex couple was a problem for her , and alleges Elias said yes .
Elias told the Free Press she has no experience treating lesbians and gays who sometimes have " sexual problems " and other diseases .
Elias practised medicine in Egypt before spending four years in Steinbach and said she 's never treated gays or lesbians in her two decades as a physician .
" They get a lot of diseases and infections , " Elias said during a phone interview .
" I did n't refuse to treat them , I said it 's better to find someone who has experience and will take this type of patients .
There ( are ) some doctors who can treat them . "
Shelly Smith , executive director of Rainbow Resource Centre , said lesbians actually have lower rates of sexually transmitted infections , which are more commonly transmitted by men .
However , she said gynecological health is still important for women in same - sex relationships and that rates of breast cancer tend to be higher among lesbians since they may not bear children .
The couple has filed a complaint with the Manitoba Human Rights Commission and the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Manitoba .
" We were so shocked , " Andrea said .
" It 's kind of ironic .
We came to the big city to get discriminated against . "
Manitoba doctors can accept or refuse a patient based on their current patient load , but can't discriminate based on race , gender , sexual orientation or anything else enshrined in the Charter of Rights and Freedoms .
Dianna Scarth , executive director of the Manitoba Human Rights Commission , would not confirm a complaint had been filed .
But she maintained doctors and other health - care providers can't refuse to treat people based on their sexual orientation under the human rights code .
Andrea said she and Ginette were upset at Elias 's reaction to their sexual orientation and told Elias that she should pursue further education .
The couple received an apologetic phone call from a Lakewood Medical Centre director over the weekend , and said the clinic offered to link them with another physician .
" We just decided we do n't feel comfortable going back there , " Markowski said .
" They 've got a pretty serious problem on their hands with this doctor . "
College registrar Bill Pope said the orientation process for international medical graduates has been recently extended from one week to four weeks , to ensure that foreign - trained doctors learn about Canadian culture and codes of conduct .
In some cases , Pope said some physicians have never performed pelvic exams on women , since it 's not allowed in certain cultures .
He said an increasing number of physicians coming to Manitoba are from the Middle East and southeast Asia , where cultural barriers may hinder their understanding of Canadian norms .
" It was becoming clear that we 're getting people from cultures that are very different from ( ours ) , and you can't blame someone when your culture teaches you one thing , you can't understand what the expectations are in Canada , " Pope said .
jen.skerritt@freepress.mb.ca
Until quite recently in rural Japan , yobai , or “ night crawling ” would have been an introduction to sex for many young people .
While a young woman slept , a silent intruder would creep into her room , slide behind her and make his intentions known .
If she consented , they would have discrete sex until the early morning , when he would have to slip out of the house as stealthily as he had slipped in .
The young man might be known to the girl and her family .
Also , in a seasonal agricultural economy , farmers might have a number of laborers sleeping under their roofs sometimes , knowing that their daughters might be targets for yobai .
In some cases , groups of friends would travel miles to neighboring villages , where the embarrassment of capture would n’t be as great , and each target a different girl .
In many cases , yobai would be conducted entirely with the knowledge of the girl ’s parents .
In fact , it was sometimes a prelude to marriage – parents would turn a blind eye the first few nights a young man secretly visited their daughter , but then he would be “ caught ” , and a more public courtship would begin .
Yobai tactics
Take your clothes off before you even sneak into the house .
In Fukuoka , it was once illegal to attack a naked intruder , as he was probably engaged in yobai rather than theft .
In Fukuoka , it was once illegal to attack a naked intruder , as he was probably engaged in yobai rather than theft .
Keep it quiet , even if socially questionable acts are required .
One technique to avoid detection was to urinate along the bottom of doors to prevent them squeaking as they were slid open .
One technique to avoid detection was to urinate along the bottom of doors to prevent them squeaking as they were slid open .
Practice safe sex .
A night crawling man would often cover his face with a cloth , protecting himself and his chosen lady from embarrassment if she rejected his advances .
Yobai clubs
Reportedly , yobai still happens in the more remote areas of Japan , and there seems to be nostalgia for the practice elsewhere .
The seduction of sleeping women is a popular theme of Japanese pornography , and some image clubs offer special yobai services – providing prostitutes who pretend to be asleep while the client slips into their futon .
By Ben Cohen
If you have n't read Malcom Gladwell 's news book ' Outliers ' , you really should .
It 's a fascinating insight into the myth of individual success that cuts to the heart of American culture .
Gladwell basically asserts that success is an amalgamation of time , luck and massive amounts of help rather than individual merit and genius .
Here 's Gladwell on Anderson Cooper discussing his book and making fun of Jeb Bush :
To purchase a copy of the book , go here : Outliers : The Story of Success
They come , they leave their mark , they go , they are remembered .
Most musicians try to “ stand on the shoulders of giants ” by learning and studying the work of the greats .
Many of my favorite musicians are still alive , but many are long gone .
Here is a list of some of those greats who we lost in 2008 .
Bo Diddley
Born Otha Ellas Bates ( later known as Ellas McDaniel ) in 1928 at McComb , Mississippi , Bo Diddley was a true - to - life music icon .
After beginning his career as a boxer , where he received the nickname “ Bo Diddley ” , the singer worked the blues clubs of Chicago with a repertoire influenced by Louis Jordan , John Lee Hooker and Muddy Waters .
In late 1954 , he teamed up with Billy Boy Arnold and recorded demos of “ I ’m A Man ” and “ Bo Diddley ” .
Re-recorded at Chess Studios , the a -side , “ Bo Diddley ” , became an R&B hit in 1955 .
Before long , Diddley ’s distorted , amplified , custom - made guitar , with its rectangular shape and pumping rhythm style became a familiar , much - imitated trademark .
His classic version of “ Who Do You Love ” became a staple cover for a new generation of US acts ranging from Quicksilver Messenger Service to the Doors , Tom Rush and Bob Seger , while the UK’s Juicy Lucy took the song into the UK Top 20 .
This man has his own rhythm – what else can we say ?
Buddy Miles
I listened to my tape ( yes , tape ) of Jimi Hendrix ’s Band of Gypsys so much that I completely wore it out .
Buddy Miles was the solid drum foundation for this 70 ’s band .
Of course he was also a fantastic songwriter ( He wrote “ Them Changes ” ) and wrote for Jimi and his own bands .
Despite enjoying a seemingly lower profile during the 80s , Miles was the guiding musical force behind the successful California Raisins , a cartoon band inspired by television advertising .
In the mid-90s Miles reappeared with an accomplished album on Rykodisc Records that included his interpretations of “ All Along The Watchtower ” and “ Born Under A Bad Sign ” .
Buddy Miles was born in 1947 at Omaha , Nebraska and was given the nickname “ Buddy ” by his aunt after the drummer Buddy Rich , another incredible drummer .
Jeff Healey
Jeff ( first name was actually Norman ) Healey was one of Canada ’s premier blues and jazz musicians who is perhaps best known for his 1988 album See The Light , which included the hit single Angel Eyes .
He ’s had a string of subsequent hits ever since he hit the stage .
Healey lost his vision as a baby to a rare form of retinal cancer and he battled the disease throughout this life .
As a toddler , he picked up a guitar and , setting it on his knees , developing an unmistakable sound and playing style .
The Jeff Healey Band was a sellout act across Canada and sold over a million albums in the U.S. market .
During the course of his musical career , he shared the stage with such music titans as Stevie Ray Vaughan , George Harrison and B.B. King .
His later albums were a major departure from his huge blues voice and he released some truly fantastic jazz , especially from the golden years of the genre in the 1920 ’s and 1930’s .
He died just before his last album ( “ Mess of Blues ” ) was released
Al Wilson
Al Wilson was born June 19 , 1939 , in Meridian , Miss. , and by the time he was 12 , he had his own spiritual singing quartet .
In 1966 , singer Johnny Rivers signed him to his Soul City label – That event marked a change in Wilson ’s fortunes , mainly because rock and pop had finally embraced the soul sound .
Wilson had several hits with Soul City , beginning with The Snake and including La La Peace Song and I ’ve Got a Feeling .
With 1979 ’s Count the Days , Wilson scored his final chart hit , and he spent the next two decades touring clubs and lounges .
In March 2007 many of his original master tapes were lost to a fire that swept through his home garage he had converted into a recording studio .
Isaac Hayes
Isaac was Born in 1942 in Memphis , Tennessee .
Ooh , man – I loved Isaac Hayes – music really would n’t be the same if he had n’t strolled onto the scene .
Many people know him as the voice of Chef from South park , but it was his absolutely bad *ss songs like “ Shaft ” that really make him unique .
He was quite prolific – a pop musician , film scoring professional and actor .
In 1992 , in recognition of his humanitarian work , he was crowned an honorary king of Ghana ’s Ada district .
Hayes also acted in motion pictures and television
Jimmy McGriff
James Harrell McGriff was born on April 3 , 1936 , in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , the birthplace of many of jazz ’s greatest organists .
He started playing piano at the age of five and by his teens , was also playing alto sax and upright bass .
As music kept drawing McGriff ’s attention away from his career in the police force , he became entranced by the organ sound while Richard “ Groove ” Holmes played at his sister ’s wedding .
Jimmy actively performed at clubs and concert halls worldwide .
He settled in Newark , New Jersey , and eventually opened his own supper club , the Golden Slipper – where he recorded BLACK PEARL and a live album with Junior Parker in 1971 .
He also performed regularly with Buddy Rich ’s band .
McGriff “ retired ” from the music industry in 1972 to start a horse farm in Connecticut .
But Sonny Lester ’s new record company , Groove Merchant , kept issuing McGriff records at a rate of three or four a year .
By 1973 , McGriff was back – touring relentlessly and actively recording again .
Around this time , disco was gaining a hold in jazz music and McGriff ’s flexibility proved infallible .
He produced some of his best music during this period : STUMP JUICE ( 1975 ) , RED BEANS ( 1976 ) and OUTSIDE LOOKING IN ( 1978 ) .
These records , issued in some form or another on CD , still stand out today as excellent documents of McGriff ’s organic prowess .
Too much of the talk about Hammond B - 3 great Jimmy McGriff centers on what kind of player he is .
Jazz ?
Blues ?
Gospel ?
R&B ?
This just shows how has managed over four decades to appeal to an absolutely diverse audience of listeners .
Jimmy was of the all - time best of the organ groovers .
Norman Whitfield
Like Isaac Hayes , Norman Whitfield was one of the Motown pioneers of epic soul .
The reclusive genius of psychedelic soul was born in Harlem in 1943 .
A junior figure at Hitsville , hungry for his big break , he hung around the studio watching more established producers such as Holland - Dozier - Holland at work .
After writing hits for Marvin Gaye , the Marvelettes and the Velvelettes , he wrested creative control of the Temptations from Smokey Robinson in 1966 with the success of Ain’t Too Proud to Beg .
Whitfield ’s big chance came when Holland - Dozier - Holland stormed out of Motown in early 1968 in a row over profit - sharing .
Inspired by Sly and the Family Stone ’s wild arrangements , he wrote the hard - driving , socially aware Cloud Nine with lyricist Barrett Strong for the Temptations – it changed Motown overnight .
Suddenly , topical comment and audacious psychedelic arrangements were on the agenda .
Ball of Confusion , Papa Was a Rollin ’ Stone , War and Smilin ’ Faces Sometimes all smouldered with tension and paranoia befitting the era of Vietnam , Nixon and the Black Panthers .
Success eventually corrupted the once - shy outsider .
A demanding egotist in the studio , he worked the Temptations into the ground .
On the cover of their last album together , 1973 ’s Masterpiece , his own picture loomed larger than the band’s .
Whitfield ’s motives will always be a bit unclear – was he really passionate about social change or just a canny hitmaker who sensed the mood of the times and catered to it ?
Either way , he changed the landscape of soul .
Thanks to him , songs could pass the 10 - minute mark , use every studio trick available and speak to the concerns of a tougher , angrier black America .
The critic Greil Marcus remembers friends who pulled their cars over the first time they heard Papa Was a Rollin ’ Stone and sat “ waiting , shivering , as the song crept out of the box and filled up the night ” .
Joe Gibbs
Joe was born in Born 1945 and a resident of Kingston , Jamaica .
Gibbs was a Kingston icon ( and former TV repairman ! ) .
Gibbs was in some way responsible for just about every piece of music that came out of Jamaica in the 60’s and 70’s , either through financial backing , pressing records , production , management or just a solid determination to make sure the world knew about reggae , dub , rocksteady , dancehall and ska .
The 1977 Culture album Two Sevens Clash is probably Gibbs ’ most internationally acclaimed production , with a major impact on the punk rock band The Clash .
Jerry Wexler
Imagine what popular music would sound like today without Jerry Wexler , who was born 1917 in the Bronx .
Aretha Franklin would have never returned to her gospel roots , Ray Charles would have continued imitating Charles Brown and Nat Cole , Stax would have been a tiny , insignificant regional record label , and denatured white covers of R&B songs would dominate the charts .
In fact , the music we know today as rhythm and blues would still be called “ race music . ”
Wexler having coined the term “ R&B ” while working at Billboard in 1949 .
Wexler spent his early years at Atlantic helping the label ’s artists create the very ethos of rock ’n’roll : the songs they produced celebrated rocking , rolling , shaking , rattling , feeling good , feeling bad , looking good , and , always , romance .
At the same time , Wexler laid down the template for recording R&B singles he is credited as the first producer to record the rhythm section separately .
Freddie Hubbard
Freddie Hubbard was born in 1938 in Indianapolis , Indiana .
He was one of the the baddest jazz trumpet players around .
He was known primarily for playing in the bebop , hard bop and post bop styles from the early 60s and on , and his unmistakable and influential tone contributed to new perspectives for modern jazz and bebop .
Freddie Hubbard was an exuberant jazz trumpeter who in his heyday worked with Art Blakey , Ornette Coleman and John Coltrane .
“ I used to try and play like Miles , and Miles caught me copying him one night at Birdland .
He said , ‘ Hey man , why do n’t you play some of your own stuff ? ’
So , I finally did , because I had already copied all his solos . ”
Levi Stubbs
Levi , who was born in 1936 in Detroit , Michigan was thrust into fame as a vocalist for the Four Tops .
Unlike many singing groups of its era ( i.e. the the Temptations ) , the Four Tops maintained its original lineup for more than 40 years .
Stubbs finally retired from the road in 2000 because of his faltering health , but he appeared with the group one last time at an anniversary show in 2004 .
The Tops had dozens of hits , including “ Baby I Need Your Loving ” , “ I Ca n’t Help Myself ( Sugar Pie Honey Bunch ) ” , “ Reach Out I ’ll Be There ” , and “ Ain’t No Woman ( Like the One I ’ve Got ) ” .
And of course , Stubbs was mentioned in a classic Billy Bragg song .
Earl Palmer
Born 1924 in New Orleans , Earl Palmer helped define the New Orleans feel in the 50’s and 60’s with his solid yet groovin ’ drumming style .
Boundless energy is a prime requirement for a drummer , but few have possessed the drive of Earl Palmer .
His monster beats redefined New Orleans music beginning in the mid-1950’s .
His pounding percussion is strongly featured on such rock ’n’ roll classics as Fats Domino ’s “ I ’m Walkin ' ” , Little Richard ’s “ Long Tall Sally ” , Eddie Cochran ’s “ Somethin ’ Else ” and Ritchie Valens ’ “ La Bamba ” .
He could play in a variety of styles and for 10 years his work was rarely off the charts .
Little Richard described him as “ a wonderful man and the greatest session drummer of all time . ”
Earl was one of the first people to use the term “ Funky ” to describe the feel that he was looking for from other musicians .
Funky indeed .
Of course many , many greats passed away this year , but these are simply a lit of a few that I will particularly miss .
Let us know if we ’ve missed anyone that you feel affected you in a profound way .
BAGHDAD ( Reuters ) - The U.S. military took a step toward pulling combat troops from Iraqi cities on Saturday , moving out of a Baghdad base that Iraqi officials said would be dismantled and converted back into a shopping mall .
Iraqi soldiers unfurl their national flag to take part in a rehearsal for the Iraqi Army Day 88th anniversary celebration , in Baghdad 's fortified Green Zone January 3 , 2009 .
On Thursday , U.S. forces handed over responsibility to Iraqi troops for the Green Zone , a fortified swathe of central Baghdad off limits to most Iraqis , who widely view it as a symbol of foreign military occupation .
REUTERS / Erik de Castro
It was the first U.S. military base to be handed over to Iraq since U.S. forces came under Iraqi authority on January 1 in step with a new bilateral security pact .
The pact , which replaced a U.N. mandate , requires Iraqi authorization for U.S. military operations , gives U.S. forces until mid-2009 to pull combat troops out of Iraq ’s towns and cities , and until 2011 to withdraw completely .
Brigadier - General Robin Swan , deputy commander of U.S. forces in Baghdad , said the handover of Forward Operating Base Callahan in northern Baghdad was “ tremendously significant . ”
“ By June 30th , combat formations are out of the cities .
This was a major forward operating base , with 600 soldiers ... three short weeks ago , ” he told Reuters .
DECAYED
U.S. forces set up the base in March 2007 around an abandoned shopping center , now decayed and riddled with bullet holes , in a bid to repel Shi’ite militias from the largely Sunni Adhamiya district .
It has been quiet for months .
Lieutenant - Colonel Michael Pappal , who heads the base , handed a giant key to Hadi Jadoo , a trade ministry official , as Iraqi army snipers watched from the roof .
“ After long suffering , we can now develop this area .
We are rid of terrorists , ” said Hadi Hassan , who will manage the mall .
The transfer of the base came two days after U.S. forces handed over control of the Green Zone , a fortified swathe of central Baghdad , to Iraq in a step that reflects the narrowing of U.S. operations and improving security across Iraq .
Swan said the base handover was the beginning of a wider pullout .
A much larger base in nearby Rostumiya neighborhood would be closed completely by the end of March , he said .
Similar Baghdad bases , like Loyalty and War Eagle , are to be reduced in size and turned into joint Iraq - U.S. security stations soon , he added .
“ It ’s all a re-adjustment of our footprint , ” Swan said .
Slideshow ( 7 images )
How many U.S. troops will remain at joint urban bases after June , and what their activities will be , remains unclear , especially as U.S. military commanders race to ensure Iraq ’s maturing army is ready to hold together a fragile calm .
U.S. officials have said combat troops may be retasked to support and advise Iraqi soldiers at joint urban bases .
Violence has fallen across Iraq and few cities have seen as dramatic a turnaround as Baghdad , which a year ago was ravaged by sectarian conflict that left bodies piling up in the streets -- although militants still regularly stage lethal bomb attacks .
Iraqi officials said the handover of the base , known by Iraqis as Sha’ab market , signaled a return to normality .
“ We are going to rebuild it for the Iraqi people .
It will sell everything they need , clothes , car parts , food , just like before the war , ” Jadoo told Reuters .
Ruby Enterprise Edition ( REE ) is a branch of the official Ruby interpreter which is capable of reducing your Rails applications ’ memory usage by 33 % on average , as well as improving your applications ’ performance .
This is possible because REE includes copy - on - write enhancements for the garbage collector , as well as an improved memory allocator ( tcmalloc ) .
REE has been out for several months now and is already used by many high - profile websites and organizations , such as New York Times , Shopify and 37signals .
“ We switched to enterprise ruby to get the full benefit of the [ copy - on - write ] memory characteristics and we can absolutely confirm the memory savings of 30 % some others have reported .
This is many thousand dollars of savings even at today ’s hardware prices . ” – Tobias Lütke ( Shopify )
And just like Phusion Passenger , Ruby Enterprise Edition is 100 % open source .
Recent developments
REE has just become better .
We had been talking with DHH from 37signals about a possible sponsorship campaign for supporting REE development .
The campaign has recently ended , and so we ’re presenting the world with Ruby Enterprise Edition version 1.8.6-20081205 .
The sponsored improvements are :
Integration with the RailsBench garbage collector patches
These patches allow one to tweak various garbage collector settings .
37 signals uses this to greatly improve server performance .
The RailsBench GC patches did not work on REE in previous releases , but now we ’ve properly integrated them into REE .
Better Mac OS
X support Previous versions sort - of support Mac OS X , but some people have reported problems .
We ’ve improved Mac OS X support as follows : Installation should now work out - of - the - box on Mac OS X .
The tcmalloc memory allocator has been properly integrated with Mac OS X. Tcmalloc is what makes REE faster than the standard Ruby interpreter .
In previous versions , tcmalloc was disabled when installing on OS X because it did n’t work properly on OS X .
This not only meant that there were no performance gains compared to standard Ruby , it also meant that the copy - on - write optimizations were a bit less effective than they could be .
By properly integrating tcmalloc on OS X , which was a tough task , OS X users can now fully enjoy the improved performance and copy - on - write optimizations .
Various OS X - related crashes have been fixed .
Special thanks to Stephen Heuer from Arux Software Inc. for providing access to an OS X testing environment .
Better 64 - bit support
Even though previous versions support 64 - bit platforms , many people experienced problems .
We ’ve spent some time making sure that installation works out - of - the - box on 64 - bit platforms .
We ’ve tested against 64 - bit FreeBSD 7 and 64 - bit Ubuntu 8.10 Server .
Better Solaris support
We ’ve made sure that installation works out - of - the - box .
Special thanks goes out to our friends at Sun for providing us with access to a Solaris testing environment .
In addition , this release also comes with various non-sponsored improvements and changes :
caller_for_all_threads
Philippe Hanrigou ’s caller_for_all_threads patches have been integrated into REE .
This feature allows one to dump the stack trace of all running threads in a Ruby application .
This feature is a must - have for debugging multithreaded web applications .
Phusion Passenger ’s development version has already been updated to take advantage of this feature , when available .
It will be available starting from Phusion Passenger version 2.1.0 ( which has n’t been released yet at the moment of writing ) .
RubyGems updated to version 1.3.1 .
The previous REE release ships with RubyGems 1.2 . Version 1.3.1 is now included .
FYI : Ruby on Rails 2.2 requires RubyGems 1.3.1 .
REE ’s RubyGems no longer makes use of the existing gems
One of the most often requested features is that REE ’s RubyGems should be able to use the gems that are already installed ( i.e. the gems that have been installed for the system ’s Ruby interpreter ) .
The previous REE release implemented this feature .
However , it turns out that this can cause problems with native extensions , e.g. RMagick and the Ruby MySQL library .
If one uses REE to load a native extension that was originally compiled for the system ’s Ruby , then REE might crash .
So this feature has been removed .
You should install all gems that you need with REE ’s RubyGems .
ree-version
An ‘ ree - version ’ command is now provided .
This command prints out the REE version number .
This makes it easier for people to track REE updates .
The sponsors
Many thanks to the following people and organizations for sponsoring this release ( list sorted in alphabetical order ) :
Officially tested platforms
We ’ve tested this release of Ruby Enterprise Edition on the following platforms :
Ubuntu Linux 8.04 Desktop ( x86 )
Ubuntu Linux 8.10 Server ( x86_64 )
Mac OS X 10.5.5 Server ( x86 )
FreeBSD 5.0 ( x86 )
FreeBSD 7.0 ( x86_64 )
Sun Solaris ( Sparc )
Download & upgrade
To install Ruby Enterprise Edition , please visit the download page .
To upgrade from a previous version , simply install into the same prefix that you installed to last time .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
“ You rolled the dice that you ’d win , and you lost . ”
That ’s what Magistrate Judge John M. Facciola told lawyers for the Bush administration at a hearing on Wednesday afternoon in the ongoing case over millions of missing White House emails .
By this he meant that if the White House had followed the recommendations [ PDF ] that the judge had laid out last April — suggesting that the administration search workstations and portable media devices for the missing messages — it might not be in its current predicament .
Instead , Bush officials apparently gambled that they would be able to get the case thrown out , an effort that was rebuffed in November .
That bet came back to haunt the administration on Wednesday morning when , with days left before Bush officials vacate the White House , it was hit with a last - minute order ( issued by Judge Henry Kennedy , who ’s also presiding over aspects of the case ) to search workstations and collect portable memory devices containing saved emails from departing staffers .
During the status hearing before Judge Facciola , government lawyers shed some light on the scope of the missing email problem .
In the past , the White House has issued contradictory statements on the subject , once even denying that any emails were missing .
“ We have absolutely no reason to believe that any emails are missing ; there ’s no evidence of that , ” White House spokesman Tony Fratto told reporters last January .
But on Wednesday Justice Department lawyer Helen Hong told Facciola that , to date , the administration has recovered 14 million missing emails , at a cost of $ 10 million .
The number of recovered messages is far higher than the original estimate ( over 5 million ) reported by Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington ( CREW ) , which , along with the National Security Archive , is suing the administration over the missing emails .
It remains unclear how many messages are stll unaccounted for .
Hong told the court the Bush administration ’s email recovery efforts would allow it to meet its statutory obligation to transfer its email records , along with a host of other presidential documents , to the National Archives .
But lawyers for CREW and the National Security Archive are skeptical .
“ For the past year and a half , they said , ‘ Do n’t worry , do n’t worry , leave us alone , ' ” says the National Security Archive ’s general counsel , Meredith Fuchs .
“ Now they say , at the last minute , they have solved it .
I want to see the evidence . ”
It appears Judge Facciola would like to see the evidence , too .
He issued an order [ PDF ]
Thursday morning that , among other things , directs the White House to create an “ inventory of all backup tapes and additional media they have collected or will collect ” and provide copies to the National Archives and the court .
In an accompanying memorandum opinion [ PDF ] , Facciola remarks on the true urgency of the situation : “ The issues that have now arisen are now confronted in true emergency conditions .
As this is being written , there are two business days before the new President takes office and this case deals with the records created by the administration that is leaving office . ”
He notes that there is a “ profound societal interest ” in preserving the Bush administration ’s email records .
“ They are , after all , the most fundamental and useful contemporary records of the recent history of the President ’s office , ” he writes .
“ If Napoleon was right when he said that he did not care who wrote France ’s laws if he could write its history , then the importance of preserving the e-mails cannot be exaggerated . ”
Photo courtesy of the White House .
April 6th , 2011
A storyboard panel from season three ’s “ Adventure Time with Fiona & Cake ”
Yeah , well , you know the drill .
Not all of the below will be the right names ; a couple of these titles are destined to change .
Look for season three to explode from your TV in the early summer .
1008 -053 Conquest of Cuteness
1008 - 054 Morituri Te Salutamus
1008 -055 Hitcapades
1008 -056 The Monster
1008 -057 Memory of a Memory
1008 -058 Adventure Time with Fionna & Cake
1008 -059 Too Young
1008 - 060 Still
1008 - 061 Wizard Battle
1008 - 062 Door Jam
1008 - 063 Thank You
1008 - 064 From Bad to Worse
1008 -065 Beautopia
1008 - 066 No One Can Hear You
1008 - 067 Apple Thief
1008 - 068 Holly Jolly Secrets ( Pt I )
1008 -069 Holly Jolly Secrets ( Pt II )
1008 -070 The Creeps
1008 - 071 An Assassin in Jake ’s Nose
1008 - 072 The Croak List
1008 -073 Marceline ’s Closet
1008 - 074 Heart of the Fire Kingdom
1008 -075 Word War II
1008 - 076 Another Way
1008 - 077 Ghost Princess
1008 -078 Dungeon
Note : Unfortunately , Cartoon Network would slaughter us if we commented on the outlook of a fourth season , so do n’t even ask about it ; we ’ll neither confirm nor deny .
[ Read more … ]
Woman Divorces to Afford Life - Saving Surgery Ind. woman says she divorced in order to pay for throat cancer surgery .
Dec. 5 , 2008  --
An Indiana woman with advanced throat cancer says she had to divorce her husband to afford a life - saving surgery .
Geneva Sharpe , 47 , says she was diagnosed in March with cancer .
One month later surgeons " cut me from ear to ear , " she told ABC News.com , removing her voice box and saving her life .
With the aid of a mechanical larynx , Sharpe said that because her husband Freddie Sharpe was collecting disability insurance , the couple 's combined income disqualified her from receiving enough Medicaid money to cover the cost of her treatment .
" If we did n't get a divorce , I would n't be alive today , " said Sharpe who says she worked as a nurse for 16 years and admits to smoking cigarettes for twice that long .
" Welfare and Medicaid would n't help me , " she said .
" I tried everything to get help with my medical bills .
No matter what , it always seemed we 're going to be a dollar over the limit to get help with my medicine . "
Sharpe , who lives in Franklin , Ind. , said she and her husband Freddie , 57 , did not want to get divorced but that she needed to be single to be eligible for Medicaid .
Freddie , she said , had worked at a local car parts manufacturer but after an injury was put on disability and " forced into retirement . "
Freddie was traveling and unavailable for comment .
The pair officially divorced in July .
Though the couple had " some marital trouble , " Sharpe said neither would have looked to divorce if not for the " hundreds of thousands of dollars this would have cost . "
" Neither of us wanted this .
Freddie wanted to do whatever it took to make sure I got the surgery , but he did n't want this , " she said .
" We had no other options . "
Officials at the Indiana Family and Social Services Administration , however , told ABC News that the agency tried to let Sharpe know there was an alternative to dissolving the marriage .
The state says it investigated the Sharpes for possible fraud last May , suspecting that the couple was lying about living together to claim their household income was less than what they reported .
Medicaid Waiver
The investigation was dropped and Geneva Sharpe was enrolled by the agency in the Aged and Disabled Waiver program to allow her to qualify for Medicaid without getting divorced , said Lauren Auld , a spokeswoman for the FSSA .
This happened after the couple was already divorced .
" We sent someone to [ Sharpe 's ] house to inform her that qualified for the waiver .
It is important for the client to find the best possible program to fit their needs .
The waiver is appropriate for her to be on , " Auld said .
Sharpe said she was never told about the waiver program and that an FSAA employee was the first to suggest the couple divorce .
Sharpe said she and Freddie do not live together .
One state official , who asked not be identified , suggested the couple remain divorced despite Sharpe being granted the waiver because of problems in their marriage rather than anything to do with accessing healthcare .
Sharpe said the couple lived separately to avoid being the subject of another fraud investigation , but that she saw Freddie regularly and he routinely drove her to medical appointments .
She is screened for cancer every three months .
" Of course we want to remarry , but if we do it will change everything .
I need this care , " she said .
RAMALLAH – Israel is again preventing journalists from entering Gaza to report firsthand on the escalating crisis there as its military operation , codenamed Operation Cast Lead , enters its fifth day .
Israel imposed an unprecedented news blackout in November and banned foreign journalists from the Gaza Strip for an entire month .
This followed an Israeli cross - border military incursion into the coastal territory which broke the fragile ceasefire between Hamas and Israel , and set off the current cycle of violence .
The media ban was eventually lifted after the Foreign Press Association ( FPA ) in Israel petitioned the Israeli Supreme Court , and editors from a number of foreign media outlets sent a letter of protest to the Israeli government .
The foreign media is once again petitioning an Israeli court for permission to enter Gaza and cover the conflict .
Media outlets have had to rely on international human rights activists , aid organizations and Palestinian journalists based in Gaza to update them on unfolding events .
Meanwhile the number of civilian casualties continues to rise .
The total Palestinian death toll now stands at 390 with 1,800 injured .
Two Israeli Arabs and one Jewish Israeli have been killed in rocket attacks from Gaza .
The civilian toll on the Palestinian side is shooting up .
On Sunday a family from the Jabaliya refugee camp near Gaza city lost five sisters , aged 4 to 17 , when an Israeli air strike hit a mosque next to their home .
The same day seven teenagers from a UN Relief and Welfare Agency ( UNRWA ) school were killed when a missile hit them as they waited after school for a bus to take them home .
The UN has called for an investigation into their deaths .
On Tuesday two sisters , aged 4 and 11 , perished in an air strike as they rode in a donkey cart in Beit Hanoun in northern Gaza .
The UN released a report on Monday stating that by a conservative estimate more than 60 Palestinian civilians had been killed .
On Wednesday Mahmoed Daher , spokesman for the World Health Organization ( WHO ) in Gaza told IPS , " Thirty - four children have been killed and 260 injured , many of them critically . "
A Palestinian Health Ministry official , Moaiya Hassanain , went further and estimated that one - third of those killed were non-combatants .
Children comprise 56 percent of Gaza ’s population of about 1.5 million .
Earlier in the year an Israeli operation into Gaza , codenamed Warm Winter , left 120 people , mostly civilians dead , including 33 children .
According to the Defense of Children International ( DCI ) Palestine branch , since the beginning of the year 700 Gazans and four Israelis have been killed .
" We attended to 15 seriously injured elderly people and more than 20 children in the last few days , " said Sammy Hassan , a spokesman from Gaza ’s Shifa hospital .
" At one stage over 140 dead and injured were brought in at one go .
Our staff was completely overwhelmed , we simply did n’t have the resources to cope .
The wounded and dying were lying in the corridors and on the floors , " Hassan told IPS .
" We do n’t have sufficient medicine or properly functioning medical equipment to deal with the patients .
Electricity is cut for a number of hours and fuel supplies for our emergency generator have run precariously low . "
Ann Sophie Bonefeld , spokeswoman for the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) in Jerusalem , said her organization was deeply concerned about the deteriorating humanitarian situation .
" There are shortages of blood , medicine and spare parts for essential medical equipment .
Medical staff are overstretched and worried for their own safety , " Bonefeld told IPS .
" It is imperative that the crossings into Gaza are opened in the next few days because these are Gaza ’s only link to the outside world now that the tunnels from Egypt have been destroyed , " she added .
Israel ’s siege of Gaza , imposed after Hamas took over in June of last year , permits only a trickle of the barest humanitarian aid into Gaza .
In a separate incident , a boat carrying urgent humanitarian supplies from Cyprus was rammed and fired on by the Israeli navy as it approached Gaza on Tuesday .
On board were former US Democratic congresswoman Cynthia McKinney , a CNN news crew and a number of doctors and journalists .
The CNN crew filmed the incident .
The boat , which was in international waters , was seriously damaged and forced to head to Beirut for emergency repairs as water started to flood the vessel .
And as Israel fights a military battle in Gaza , it is simultaneously fighting a diplomatic battle on the international front in an effort to justify the Gaza onslaught .
Karen Abu - Zayd , the UNRWA commissioner in Gaza , has said Israel may have breached a 48 - hour lull in fighting when it launched its aerial onslaught over Gaza on Saturday .
" What we understood was that there was a 48 - hour lull to be called , and this was called by the Israelis , " Abu - Zayd said .
On the morning of Friday last week , the Israelis had said they would wait 48 hours until Sunday morning and then they would reevaluate the situation , according to Abu Zayd .
" There was only one rocket that went out on Friday , so it was obvious that Hamas was trying , again , to observe that truce to get this back under control , " she said .
Israel ’s UN Mission referred any comment on the reported lull to Prime Minister Ehud Olmert ’s office in Jerusalem .
Olmert ’s office did not answer telephone calls for comment early Tuesday morning .
Sarah Palin denounces pork - barrel spending , but her record in Alaska is mixed .
For Palin , some pork is kosher
Last year , when a Juneau Pentecostal church asked the Alaska state government for cash for a new youth center , Gov. Sarah Palin , who had recently started worshipping at the church , vetoed the legislative appropriation from the capital budget , explaining it was “ not a state responsibility . ”
But by the time this year ’s budget negotiations rolled around , Palin had become very involved in the Juneau Christian Center , attending an increasing number of services there , touring the youth center with her family , citing the pastor as among her spiritual guides , and appearing with the pastor at a Martin Luther King Day celebration and a religious conference where he laid hands on her while praying .
Advertisement
During this year ’s capital budget writing process , Palin penned a letter to lawmakers “ in support of the Juneau Christian Center ’s new state - of - the - art youth center , ” and she approved $ 25,000 for the center in May , even as she sparked a backlash from officials around the state for slashing spending from projects they deemed crucial to their areas .
Her reversal on the church funding is one small example of what both her critics and supporters in both parties in Alaska say is a trend in Palin ’s political track record :
She supports spending taxpayer cash on initiatives that tickle her fancy , even as she rails against funding for other — sometimes similar — projects and does little to slow overall government spending .
It ’s a pattern that runs counter to the cost- cutting , anti-pork crusader persona that Palin has fashioned for herself from the dawn of her political career in the hometown municipal politics of Wasilla , Alaska , through her 22 months as Alaska ’s governor , and now in her surprise turn as John McCain ’s running mate on the Republican presidential ticket .
On the campaign trail , Palin ’s denouncements of wasteful government expenditures — and her boasts of vetoing “ nearly a half a billion dollars in reckless spending ” from Alaska ’s capital budget — dovetail with McCain ’s own pledges to veto pork barrel spending .
But Palin over the years has approved billions of taxpayer dollars for discretionary projects , including some to which she had personal , political or parochial connections .
From the $ 25,000 for the Juneau Christian Center to $ 2 million for an academic conference meant to dispel the broadly - accepted idea that climate change is threatening polar bears ( she actually preferred the money be used for the state ’s lawsuit arguing the bears should n’t be listed as threatened ) to $ 630,000 for a kitchen in a hockey arena complex the self - described hockey mom built during her second term as Wasilla ’s mayor , Palin has tended to approve line items in Alaska ’s capital budget — essentially the state version of federal earmarks — for projects favored by her and her supporters .
“ Anything she proposed is a good earmark , ” said Bob Weinstein , mayor of Ketchikan , Alaska , and a supporter of Palin ’s Democratic rival Barack Obama .
“ Anything that somebody else proposes is not necessarily a good earmark , ” added Weinstein , whose city was stung when Palin last year withdrew her support from the infamous bridge to nowhere , which would have connected Ketchikan to its airport .
On the campaign trail , Palin joined McCain in denouncing the bridge as epitomizing government waste .
But Weinstein points out that Palin has not withdrawn her support for the Knik Arm Crossing , which has also been lampooned as a " bridge to nowhere , ” but which would cut commute times for Palin ’s neighbors in Wasilla and the surrounding Matanuska - Susitna — or Mat - Su — Valley .
Maria Comella , a spokeswoman for Palin , pointed out that Palin has called for an independent cost analysis of the Knik Arm bridge before there ’s any further state action .
Comella said the Juneau church ’s teen center had widespread community support and that Palin “ saw firsthand how this nonprofit organization meets community needs . ”
As for Palin ’s overarching approach to government spending , Comella said Palin has fulfilled pledges to fight wasteful spending and reduce pork and inefficiencies “ by cutting more than $ 500 million from the state budget in the last two years , vetoing wasteful spending and putting an $ 8 billion surplus to good use , including setting aside billions of dollars in the state 's savings account . ”
Palin did , in fact , veto $ 499 million alone in state lawmakers ’ hometown projects from the two capital budgets that came across her desk as governor .
But absent from her stump speech and campaign talking points is that the $ 4.8 billion in capital spending she approved ( $ 3.2 billion of which was proposed by her own office ) made her average capital budget $ 264 million a year costlier than those signed into law by her predecessor Frank Murkowski , whom she had blasted as a free - spender during her 2006 Republican primary campaign against him .
Likewise , Palin had campaigned for mayor of Wasilla pledging to slash government spending .
Once in office , however , she spent heavily on big - ticket projects — including the hockey complex , which was primarily funded by a $ 15 million voter - approved bond but was still requiring payments from the city last year , and major street and water improvement projects .
She also managed to find at least $ 10,000 to help fund the snowmobile race her husband has won several times .
All told , she took the city ’s long - term debt from $ 1 million when she took office to $ 25 million when she left .
To be sure , both Wasilla and Alaska were raking in revenue during her stints at the helm — the city from rapid retail expansion , which brought a growth in sales taxes that allowed her to cut property taxes , and the state from taxes on oil companies , which she increased , allowing the state to sock away $ 7 billion while suspending its gas tax and adding $ 1,200 a year to its payments to citizens .
But during her tenures as both mayor and governor , operating budgets ballooned by 55 percent in Wasilla and 25 percent in Alaska .
It was easier — and splashier — for Palin to slash the capital budget than to rein in the operating budget , said state Sen.
Bert Stedman , a Republican who co-chairs the Senate Finance Committee .
“ Vetoes make great sound bites , politically , ” he said , “ but the capital budget is not the side of the equation that will cause long - term troubles for any state .
The issue is growth of the operating account , because you ’ve got to feed it every year , regardless if you have excess revenue or if you have tight years . ”
Stedman , who said he supports Palin and is “ very proud of her being nominated on the VP ticket , ” nonetheless said she based her vetoes on “ arbitrary decisions ” and did not consistently adhere to the criteria she said she used for approving funding for capital projects : that they be related to education , public safety , health or infrastructure .
In 2007 , Palin slashed funding from the capital budget for 40 sports - related projects , ranging from school baseball and soccer fields to $ 2.5 million in roof repairs at an Anchorage arena , because she asserted sports did not constitute an essential government service .
Yet she approved cash for Wasilla ’s hockey complex and several other sports projects in the Mat - Su Valley , including new lights at one high school field and new bleachers at another .
And after this year ’s round of capital budget cuts , officials in the Mat - Su Valley , unlike those in many other parts of the state , expressed relief that their top projects were mostly spared Palin ’s veto ax .
On the flip side , last year leaders in Anchorage complained that their capital projects got shortchanged .
A state budget analysis obtained by Politico shows the vetoes last year and this year inordinately zeroed out projects in Southeast Alaska and the Kenai Peninsula — areas represented by some of the lawmakers who most often butted heads publicly with Palin , including Stedman .
“ There were projects that I was astounded were vetoed in light of some of the projects that made it in the Mat - Su Valley , and particularly Wasilla , ” said Bruce Botelho , the mayor of the state capital of Juneau , located in the southeastern part of the state .
Palin eliminated the $ 347,000 Juneau was seeking to improve safety at its schools , access to a park and drainage at a city ball field , and she slashed in half the $ 2.8 million the city was seeking for its top priority , an extension of power lines to a weather - monitoring station essential for its airport .
Meanwhile , Botelho also wrote a letter supporting the Juneau Christian youth center ’s state funding request , even though he said the city considered it a low funding priority and that he wrote letters supporting many local nonprofits seeking state cash .
In fact , Juneau ’s City Assembly rejected the church ’s request for $ 45,000 from the city , partly because the arrangement raised church - state separation concerns for some City Assembly members .
“ That was my judgment , ” said Botelho , an Obama supporter , who noted that funding the center would “ kind of open the Pandora ’s Box . ”
Representatives from the church , which created a separate nonprofit group to run the youth center , did not return telephone and e-mail messages from Politico inquiring about Palin ’s involvement with the church or the funding push .
“ She ’s certainly in a position to favor those projects that she likes and that satisfy her personal interests , ” said Botelho .
“ Every executive has that prerogative . ”
GE Ends Development of Incandescent Bulbs , Focuses on LEDs
December 2nd , 2008 by Jerry James Stone
[ social_buttons ]
According to Clean Break , General Electric has dumped all plans for revitalizing their century - old incandescent lightbulb .
Instead , it plans to focus on light - emitting diodes ( LED ) and its organic counterpart — the OLED .
It was February of 2007 that GE announced a high efficiency incandescent ( HEI ) bulb that was comparable to that of compact fluorescents ( CFL ) .
The HEI bulb provided better light quality and without any nasty mercury .
The bulb was expected to hit the market sometime in 2010 .
But announcements of Australia , Canada , and even some U.S. states planning to ban the bulb made companies like GE and Philips question their longevity .
Especially when these bans would start as early as 2012 .
So in October of 2007 , GE announced it would be closing plants and even cutting hundreds of jobs in order to restructure its light bulb business .
Harvard business school professor Daniel Snow claims that GE ’s HEI was the company ’s “ last gasp ” of inspiration on the Edison bulb .
GE spokesman David Schuellerman said this about GE ’s current plans :
GE Consumers & Industrial and GE Global Research have suspended the development of the high - efficiency incandescent lamp ( HEI ) to place greater focus and investment on what we believe will be the ultimate in energy efficient lighting — light emitting diodes ( LEDs ) and organic light emitting diodes ( OLEDs ) .
Research and development of these technologies is moving at an impressive pace and will be ready for general lighting in the near future .
LEDs and OLEDs used in general lighting are now poised to surpass the projected efficiency levels of HEI , along with other energy - efficient technologies like fluorescent , and have the additional benefits of long life and durability .
I was actually looking forward to the HEI bulb – I love CFL efficiency but the sterile light gives me seizures .
Hopefully LED lighting can mimic that of incandescents .
If not , you might catch me joining forces with that crazy Minnesota congresswoman Michele Bachmann .
Photo : © Jonoman1 | Dreamstime.com
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Firefighters told to take down their Christmas lights ... because they 're a ' fire hazard '
Only officially - approved decorations can be used at fire stations in East Sussex ( file photo )
Killjoy bosses have ordered firefighters to take down their Christmas decorations - because they are a fire hazard .
An email has been sent to fire stations in East Sussex warning crews they have to take down any fairy lights that have not been officially approved .
Firefighters have told friends the decorations are unlikely to be checked in time , so those working over Christmas will have little festive cheer around them .
They said the latest diktat added further bitterness to recent unhappiness in the service after stations were ordered to get rid of their snooker tables and comfortable chairs from recreation rooms .
An insider said : ' Apparently they think it is giving the public the impression that the fire service is unprofessional .
' It seems a bit Scrooge - like to me .
You would have thought they might trust firefighters of all people to put up lights safely . '
Fire bosses denied that Christmas lights had been banned but said all station decorations had to meet safety standards .
Do they know it 's Christmas ?
Newhaven fire station does not look very festive
It is virtually impossible to go anywhere in this world without being bombarded with advertisements .
There are some notable exceptions , such as the bottom of the ocean , inside caves , and in the arctic .
Most of these ads are for things we do n't need or want , but are nonetheless dangled in front of us like silver carrots .
This week the Something Awful Forum Goons take advertising to its natural conclusion by creating ads for things that simply do n't need them .
BrandNewHero got this started by trying to sell the oldest thing there is .
Hermetic is tired of making plane images .
Damn , ExplosiveBuck , how'd you get to be so opulent ?
the_ruiner is cashing in on the basics .
MustelaFuro is no stranger to heavy topics .
If the French National Assembly gets its way , the open - source Linux operating system will take over the governments of Europe , seizing on a weak economy to displace Windows .
About 18 months ago , the Assembly shifted from running Windows on the 1,100 computers of its members and their assistants to running a version of Linux called Ubuntu .
( I profiled the rise of Ubuntu in a recent article . )
According to Rudy Salles , vice president of the assembly , the decision to abandon Microsoft ’s Windows software was both an economic and political gesture .
The French Parliament should save about 500,000 euros over the next five years , thanks to the low price of Ubuntu –- free –- and have lower management costs .
Linux tends to have fewer security issues than Windows , for example .
Politically , the European Union has proved tougher than the United States in its legal objections to Microsoft ’s dominance over the operating system market .
In addition , there ’s a rising notion that backing Linux could lead to more local jobs , because local companies can try to disrupt the market by undercutting Microsoft on price and offering services to install and manage Linux for businesses .
“ We have tried to convince the government that investing in open - source is good for the local economy , ” said Alexandre Zapolsky , the chief executive of Linagora , the French software services company that helped install Ubuntu at the Parliament .
“ If we try to play by the same rules as the U.S. companies , we will not be able to win a bright future .
We have to change the rules . ”
Mr. Zapolsky also complains that French companies doing business with Microsoft help other countries more than France .
“ At the end of the day , Microsoft does not pay taxes in France , ” he said .
“ They pay the lower taxes through Microsoft Ireland . ”
With economic woes sweeping through Europe , Mr. Salles says he believes France can offer a cheaper model for other countries to follow .
“ We ’re quite happy because it ’s all working very well now , ” Mr. Salles said .
“ We see that many countries are interested in our experience , and so we ’ll try to help the other parliaments around the world . ”
According to Mr. Salles , a survey polling members of the French Assembly found that 80 percent of the members were happy with the new software , which included new e-mail and office applications , while 14 percent felt Windows should return .
Courtesy of NASA
The sky was clear .
The weather was perfect .
A few stars twinkled through the glow .
Three miles away , over the Florida creeks and swamps , Endeavour was bathed in white light from all angles , and with a spray of beams pointed nearly vertical , like paths for it to follow .
Then the moon came over the horizon to the left of the shuttle , low and yellow at first , rising slowly and fully until it acted as a spotlight and as a dream , seen the way sailors in storms see the lighthouse .
Nobody in the bleachers talked about the price of gas , or the crisis on Wall Street , or war , or politics , or race , or impossibility .
Everybody talked about how far we might go .
Everybody watched the giant countdown clock and the little TVs that had been set up on tables .
Everybody watched Don Pettit being strapped into his seat , and they talked about his magic powers and his six - year - old 's heart , about how he had never stopped believing in the things we used to believe in .
The nerves had begun setting in on Don 's family and friends the night before , when there was a spread served on Cocoa Beach .
It was mostly dark ; the lights were kept out to protect the spawning sea turtles .
But then up came the moon .
Maybe a hundred people gathered there in the silver light , eating pulled pork , talking over the sound of the wind and waves about Don , who was watching the same moon through his window in quarantine .
He had been in space once before , for six months in 2002 and 2003 , bedded down on the International Space Station when Columbia blew up .
He had seen his tears float in front of his face .
Now he'd been picked to go back into space , back to the station , and the trembles began rising like the moon in the guts of the people who loved him .
His wife , Micki , was there , smiling and happy , her nerves surfacing in a frantic kind of energy , like a mother at her daughter 's wedding .
Don 's eight - year - old twin boys , Evan and Garrett , were there , too , bored and distracted .
They wanted to fast - forward to the next night , when the big clock would count down their last minutes and seconds of waiting , and they would watch their dad ride the rocket into the night .
They wanted to see the fire they believed would one day take their dad to the moon .
After dinner , a bus collected Don 's audience for a sneak preview .
It carried people within gasping distance of the shuttle on the pad , assembled and strapped to the still - empty tank .
They climbed off the bus and stood in the long grass , the ants biting their feet , behind a single strand of yellow rope and a chain - link fence , these ordinary human constructions surrounding what seemed an impossible cathedral .
The shuttle was radiant in the moonlight , backdropped by an elaborate scaffold , an architecture so intricate and vast that it made people wonder out loud where you would begin if you had to do it all over again .
Which , of course , we do .
The shuttle 's last flight is scheduled for 2010 .
( This flight could be the last night launch in the program 's history . )
Two new rockets , the Ares I and the Ares V , are in development , set to fly to the station in 2015 , and later to the moon , and finally to Mars .
But those plans were made by a different administration in a different time .
Now the scope and scale of life felt more limited .
Back on the bus , there were fears expressed that Americans risked becoming strangers to weightlessness — that for the first time in our nation 's history , we might be so overwhelmed by our earthbound concerns that we 'd forget to fight gravity .
Space demands sack .
In a country that could n't figure out how to mortgage a suburban family home , Mars suddenly seemed a long way off .
A sleepless night was spent listening to the air - conditioning .
In the morning , the shuttle 's tank was filled with gas and it groaned under the pressure , singing like a whale .
People followed the sound back to the Kennedy Space Center , back on the bus .
The bleachers filled , alive and buzzing , hours before launch .
From the top row , the viewfinders of digital cameras and cell phones formed constellations .
The chatter between the cockpit and the launch technicians was broadcast on loudspeakers .
There were anxious hugs and kisses of comfort exchanged when the sound of a familiar voice crackled through the static .
There was nothing to worry about , except for everything .
And then there was a problem .
Twenty - four minutes before the precisely scheduled launch — Friday , November 14 , at 7:55:39 p.m. — the routine lurched to a halt .
From inside their cockpit , the astronauts had noticed that the door to the White Room — at the end of the bridge they walked across to reach their hatch — was loose .
The door should have been secured by technicians to keep it from swinging in Endeavour 's wake .
But in their retreat , the technicians had forgotten , and there was the door , on the little TVs , swinging back and forth in the wind .
It was such a simple thing ; it would have taken two seconds to run up to the door and slide the pins into place .
But that close to liftoff , only the astronauts were within striking distance , and they were strapped in their seats .
The cockpit communications were switched to a private channel , and the loudspeakers went silent .
The bleachers were quiet then , too .
So much planning , so much money and nerve , and it all might be scrubbed because of two pins in a door .
That 's just the way things had been going .
But with only a few minutes to spare , the loudspeakers fired back up , and the crowd heard that the engineers had looked at the door through their cameras , and they had decided it was n't a danger to the seven men and women in the shuttle or to their families waiting and watching from the swamps .
They heard technicians say , " Go for launch in this configuration . "
They heard those same words a few times in rapid succession , until the only word that mattered anymore was Go .
It gained momentum like a chant .
Go for launch , go for launch , go for launch .
Go .
Everybody stood then , as though a conductor had waved his baton , and they sang the national anthem , the words " rockets ' red glare " catching in their throats .
Two minutes and twenty - four seconds before launch , the lights at the bleachers were put out .
Everybody stood together in the dark , arm in arm , holding hands , watching the twin white lights in the distance , the moon and the shuttle , side by side .
The countdown continued , minutes to seconds to half breaths .
The clock was all zeros .
The light that was the shuttle expanded and grew incredibly bright , this great blinding flare , white as tracer beams .
The ground shock arrived , carried across the miles and up through our feet and legs and into our balls .
And then came that sound , a low , loud , guttural rumble punctuated by claps and crackles , and up lifted the shuttle , first clear of the tower , and then twisting and turning out into the black space over the ocean .
It was golden and there was an exhaust trail , curling down into the clouds of mist that billowed out from the pad , the torrents of water that had been dumped to lessen the fire and shock having turned instantly into steam .
The shuttle kept climbing , so fast , faster than the ordinary mind could imagine , and the fire kept burning .
Endeavour climbed higher and higher , until it broke the sound barrier , and these enormous concentric circles crossed the orange sky , like the ripples when a rock hits the water , only these bounced off the clouds and the people in the bleachers made noises when they saw them , not words , just sounds .
Don was somewhere in the middle of all that light .
The solid rocket boosters came off , and three minutes after launch the shuttle was seventy - three miles away .
Not long after , someone at mission control said , " Endeavour , negative return , " and the sound of applause rose up from the bleachers like rain .
That meant that no matter what , Don was going into space .
There were still points beyond which there was no turning back .
For more than six minutes the light could be followed , the sound giving way to the wind , our balls no longer jangling , but always the light , growing smaller and smaller until it finally disappeared behind the settling vapor .
The shuttle was gone , and Don was gone with it .
Back on the bus , everything else was gone , too , and it stayed gone .
People settled into their seats , and they wiped away their tears , and they felt their hearts slip back into their customary positions on the left side of their chests .
They were quiet for a time , but when the bus began rocking down the road in the dark , they began talking , in whispers at first , and then louder , when they knew everybody felt the same way and there was no need to feel embarrassed : Everything was possible again .
That night had made the best case yet for hope , for dreams , for belief , for defiance .
It demonstrated the power of the irrational .
There would always be explosions in the sky , and there would always be doors left unsecured , miscalculations and heartbreak .
There would always be foreclosures .
But all this time there had been miracles , too .
There had been these beautiful and glorious moments , however brief , when everything had worked , when the gas had been sparked and the engines had roared to life and there was so much light beating back the darkness .
The bus was really thrumming now , on through the electric night , and somewhere up there , Don was unstrapping himself from his seat while he rocketed through space .
He floated up to the windows , and he looked down on all of us at once , thinking what we were thinking , thinking about everything we had done and everything we had left to do , and how we would cross every wish off our list , so long as there were pockets where we kept the fire lit .
Go , you fucker .
Go .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
From HaskellWiki
About
This page is meant for discussions about ThingsToAvoid , as consensus seems to be difficult to reach , and it'd be nice if newbies would n't bump into all kinds of Holy Wars during their first day of using Haskell ;)
You may want to add your name to your comments to make it easier to refer to your words and ridicule you in public .
Other Suggestions
This article is about elegance , so could we please inject some elegance into the article itself ?
Why do many of the functions have no type declaration ?
It took me quite some time to figure out the type declaration on foreach2 : Monad m = > [ a ] -> [ b ] -> ( a -> b -> m c ) -> m ()
These functions should actually be tested .
The way linify is currently defined , it produces 4 GHC warnings .
I do not even know how to get rid of 2 of them .
Readability could be considerably improved .
At the moment , many sections start out fine , but then they suffer from a long list of additions which have not been properly integrated , so it reads something like this :
Do this .
Oh , but there is this too , and there is this caveat , but you could also do this , and performance is sometimes better if you do this , ...
May I also suggest that periods be left off the end of a sentence whose last word is a code section ?
Currently , the article is formatted such that I have this :
Words words words , see my code here :
[ Code section
Code section
Code section ]
.
That is ridiculous .
Just remove the period and the entailing massive whitespace .
Flame Away
Avoid recursion
Many times explicit recursion is the fastest way to implement a loop .
e.g .
loop 0 _ acc = acc loop i v acc = ...
Using HOFs is more elegant , but makes it harder to reason about space usage , also explicit recursion does not make the code hard to read - just explicit about what it is doing .
-- EinarKarttunen
I disagree with this .
Sometimes explicit recursion is simpler to design , but I do n't see how it makes space usage any easier to reason about and can see how it makes it harder .
By using combinators you only have to know the properties of the combinator to know how it behaves , whereas I have to reanalyze each explicitly implemented function .
StackOverflow gives a good example of this for stack usage and folds .
As far as being " faster " I have no idea what the basis for that is ; most likely GHC would inline into the recursive version anyways , and using higher - order list combinators makes deforesting easier .
At any rate , if using combinators makes it easier to correctly implement the function , then that should be the overriding concern .
-- DerekElkins
I read lots of code with recursion -- and it was hard to read , because it is hard to retrieve the data flow from it .
-- HenningThielemann
IMO explicit recursion usually does make code harder to read , as it's trying to do two things at once : Recursing and performing the actual work it 's supposed to do .
Phrases like OnceAndOnlyOnce and SeparationOfConcerns come to the mind .
However , the concern about efficiency is ( partly ) justified .
HOFs defined for certain recursion patterns often need additional care to achieve the same performance as functions using explicit recursion .
As an example , in the following code , two sum functions are defined using two equivalent left folds , but only one of the folds is exported .
Due to various peculiarities of GHCs strictness analyzer , simplifier etc , the call from main to mysum_2 works , yet the call to mysum_1 fails with a stack - overflow .
module Foo ( myfoldl_1 , mysum_1 , mysum_2 ) where -- exported myfoldl_1 f z xs = fold z xs where fold z [ ] = z fold z ( x : xs ) = fold ( f z x ) xs -- not exported myfoldl_2 f z xs = fold z xs where fold z [ ] = z fold z ( x : xs ) = fold ( f z x ) xs mysum_1 = myfoldl_1 ( + ) 0 mysum_2 = myfoldl_2 ( + )
0
module Main where import Foo xs = [ 1 .. 1000 * 1000 ] main = do print ( mysum _2 xs ) print ( mysum_1 xs )
( Results might differ for your particular GHC version , of course ... ) -- RemiTurk
GHC made " broken " code work .
As covered in StackOverflow , foldl is simply not tail - recursive in a non-strict language .
Writing out mysum would still be broken .
The problem here is n't the use of a HOF , but simply the use of non-tail - recursive function .
The only " care " needed here is not relying on compiler optimizations ( the code does n't work in my version of GHC ) or the care needed when relying on compiler optimizations .
Heck , the potential failure of inlining ( and subsequent optimizations following from it ) could be handled by restating recursion combinator definitions in each module that uses them ; this would still be better than explicit recursion which essentially restates the definition for each expression that uses it .
-- DerekElkins
Here is a demonstration of the problem - with the classic sum as the problem .
Of course microbenchmarking has little sense , but it tells us a little bit which combinator should be used .
import Data .
List import System sum ' :: Int -> Int ->
Int sum ' 0 n = sum [ 1 .. n ] sum ' 1 n = foldl ( \ a e -> a + e ) 0 [ 1 .. n ] sum ' 2 n = foldl ( \ a e -> let v = a + e in v ` seq ` v ) 0 [ 1 .. n ] sum ' 3 n = foldr ( \ a e -> a + e ) 0 [ 1 .. n ] sum ' 4 n = foldr ( \ a e -> let v = a + e in v ` seq ` v ) 0 [ 1 .. n ] sum ' 5 n = foldl ' ( \ a e -> a + e ) 0 [ 1 .. n ] sum ' 6 n = foldl ' ( \ a e -> let v = a + e in v ` seq ` v ) 0 [ 1 .. n ] sum ' 7 n = loop n 0 where loop 0 acc = acc loop n acc = loop ( n - 1 ) ( n + acc ) sum ' 8 n = loop n 0 where loop 0 acc = acc loop n acc = loop ( n - 1 ) $ !
n + acc main = do [ v , n ] <- getArgs print $ sum ' ( read v ) ( read n )
When executing with n = 1000000 it produces the following results :
* seq does not affect performance - as excepted .
* foldr overflows stack - as excepted .
* explicit loop takes 0.006s * foldl takes 0.040s * foldl ' takes 0.080s
In this case the " correct " choice would be foldl ' - ten times slower than explicit recursion .
This is not to say that using a fold would not be better for most code .
Just that it can have subtle evil effects in inner loops .
-- EinarKarttunen
This is ridiculous .
The " explicit recursion " version is not the explicit recursion version of the foldl ' version .
Here is another set of programs and the results I get :
import Data .
List import System paraNat :: ( Int -> a -> a ) -> a ->
Int -> a paraNat s = fold where fold z 0 = z fold z n = ( fold $! s n z ) ( n - 1 ) localFoldl ' c = fold where fold n [ ] = n fold n ( x : xs ) = ( fold $ ! c n x ) xs sumFoldl ' :: Int ->
Int sumFoldl ' n = foldl ' ( + ) 0 [ 1 .. n ] sumLocalFoldl ' :: Int -> Int sumLocalFoldl ' n = localFoldl ' ( + ) 0 [ 1 .. n ] sumParaNat :: Int ->
Int sumParaNat n = paraNat ( + ) 0 n sumRecursionNat :: Int ->
Int sumRecursionNat n = loop n 0 where loop 0 acc = acc loop n acc = loop ( n - 1 ) $ !
n + acc sumRecursionList :: Int ->
Int sumRecursionList n = loop [ 1 .. n ] 0 where loop [ ] acc = acc loop ( n : ns ) acc = loop ns $ !
n + acc main = do [ v , n ] <- getArgs case v of " 1 " -> print ( sumFoldl ' ( read n ) ) " 2 " -> print ( sumLocalFoldl ' ( read n ) ) " 3 " -> print ( sumParaNat ( read n ) ) " 4 " -> print ( sumRecursionNat ( read n ) ) " 5 " -> print ( sumRecursionList ( read n ) )
( best but typical real times according to time of a few trials each )
sumFoldl ' takes 2.872 s sumLocalFoldl ' takes 1.683 s sumParaNat takes 0.212 s sumRecursionNat takes 0.213 s sumRecursionList takes 1.669 s
sumLocalFoldl ' and sumRecursionList were practically identical in performance and sumParaNat and sumRecursionNat were practically identical in performance .
All that 's demonstrated is the cost of detouring through lists ( and the cost of module boundaries I guess ) .
-- DerekElkins
n+k patterns
n+k patterns are similar to the definition of infix functions , thus they make it harder to understand patterns .
http://www.dcs.gla.ac.uk/mail-www/haskell/msg01131.html
( Why I hate n+k )
So far I have seen only one rule for Good Coding Practice in Haskell : Do Not Use n+k Patterns .
I hope someone can give some directions , how to avoid known pitfalls ( especially Space Leaks ) . --
On the haskell mailing list
The most natural definition of many functions on the natural numbers is by induction , a fact that can very nicely be expressed with the ( n+1 ) - pattern notation .
Also , ( n+k ) - patterns are unlikely to produce space leaks , since if anything , they make the function stricter .
The possible ambiguities do n't seem to appear in real code .
-- ThomasJäger
If natural numbers would be defined by PeanoNumbers then pattern matching on successors would be straightforward .
This would be fairly slow and space consuming , that 's why natural numbers are not implemented this way .
They are implemented using binary numbers and it is not even tried to simulate the behaviour of Natural ( e.g. laziness ) .
Thus I would n't state , that 3 matches the pattern 2+1 .
-- HenningThielemann
Lazyness / Strictness is n't really an argument in this situation , since when using a strict natural type , e.g .
data Nat = Zero | Succ !
Nat
pattern matching on Nat behaves exactly like n+1 patterns .
-- ThomasJaeger
n+k patterns also apply to negative numbers - do n't they ?
Yes , I see the analogy but in the current implementation it 's nothing than sugar .
-- HenningThielemann
No , they do n't .
`let f ( n+2 ) = n in f 1` is a runtime error .
-- DerekElkins
But translating it into pattern matching is impossible , thus it must be a static error .
-- HenningThielemann
Use syntactic sugar wisely
I have to say , i strongly disagree with most of what is said in this section .
First of all the claim
Syntactic extensions make source code processors complicated and error prone .
But they do n't help to make programs safer ( like type checks and contracts ) or easier to maintain ( like modularization and scoping ) .
is obviously wrong .
There certainly are applications of syntatic sugar that make programs easier to read , therefore easier to understand , easier to maintain , and safer , as you are more likely to spot bugs .
My statement was :
Do n't use syntactic sugar by default because you believe it makes your program more readable automatically ( I 've read lots of code of programmers who seem to believe that ) , but use syntactic sugar if ( and only if ) it makes the program more readable .
Syntactic sugar is only a matter of readability not of safety in the sense of scoping and type checking .
If I accidentally introduce inconsistencies into my code , the name resolver or the type checker will report problems , but not the de-sugarizer .
-- HenningThielemann
ad. right sections are evil
I can't believe someone is seriously advocating to replace ( &$ x ) with the less readable flip ( &$ ) x just because that 's the way one specific haskell implementation is reporting errors .
Most of the time , I do n't even care to read type errors because once I know which line the error occured in , it is usually immediately clear what the error was .
Even if you have to read the error message , there should be no difficulty to see that ( +1 ) and flip (+ ) 1 is the same thing , especially when used in a context .
Nobody advocated for replacing ( $ x ) by flip ( $ ) x this was just to demonstrate the problems arising with syntactic sugar .
I believe that many people do n't take that into account when requesting more sugar ( such as parallel list comprehension ) .
-- HenningThielemann
Infix notation is problematic for both human readers and source code formatters .
No , infix notation is n't problematic for human readers , it enables them to read the code faster in many cases .
... if he knows the precedences , which is only true for ( some ) of the predefined operators .
I guess you do n't know all of the precedences of the Prelude operators .
I also use infix operations like (+ ) and ( :) but I 'm very concerned with introducing lots of new operator symbols and `f` notation .
-- HenningThielemann
Introducing new operators should definitely not be done careless ( then again , one should n't be careless in programming anyway ) , and operator percedences might be better defined as a partial order .
( e.g. there is an order between (+ ) and ( * ) , and between ( && ) and ( || ) , but not between (+ ) and ( && ) ) .
Other proposals for replacing the current left / right associative + precedence system do exist .
However , doing away with infix operators entirely appears to me to practically render combinator libraries unusable , which would make Haskell a lot less attractive .
-- RemiTurk
The nice thing about precedences in Haskell is that it 's often not necessary to know them exactly in order
to use them .
If the types of you operators are sufficiently general , or sufficiently distinct , only the sight way to parse them will lead to type - checking code , so you can just give it a shot without parenthesis and hopefully remember the precedence the next time you 're in a similar situation .
-- ThomasJaeger
( +1 ) `fmap` m expresses that the fmap is just a fancy function application , when writing interpreter - like code Var " f " ` App` Var " x " ` App` " y " is certainly more readable and can be written much faster than App ( App ( Var " f " ) ( Var " x " ) ) ( Var " y " ) ) and our brains have been trained to parse + and * with different precendences since elementary school .
If you make it for readability , I agree , if you make it for fancyness , I disagree .
In the case of App it looks like the list can become longer , so it 's worth of thinking about using foldl , App and a list - though then I would certainly also use some syntactic sugar to enter the list [ " f " , " x " , " y " ] .
Btw .
even the regular list notation is disputable since in the infix notation ( " f " : " x " : " y " : [ ] ) it is easier move elements around .
So I end up with infix notation , ok .
Even more , foldl shows clearly the left associativity , whereas ` App ` does not .
In the case of ` on ` and compose2 , I disagree .
on is less informative than compose2 .
And yes , compose2 is a kind of generalization of . , though it is not the most popular one .
-- HenningThielemann
You do indeed have a point there : it 's indeed an extension of ( . ) , which I incorrectly denied .
However , as it's not the extension , and AFAIK not even the most used extension , I consider the name compose2 to be slightly misleading .
In addition , I think " group by equality on isAlpha " ( groupBy ( ( == ) ` on ` isAlpha ) ) is just too cute too resist .
-- RemiTurk
So , do you do it for readability or for fanciness ?
I find an infix function application hard to read , since it looks like just another argument .
That is , ( ( == ) ` on ` isAlpha ) reads very similar to ( ( == ) on isAlpha ) .
In your example you really switch the prefered usage of the identifiers , you use the infix symbol == in prefix notation and the prefix function name on in infix notation .
-- HenningThielemann
Any kind of syntax highlighting should make the difference between ( ( == ) ` on ` isAlpha ) and ( ( == ) on isAlpha ) obvious .
Another argument for using an infix on here is that it explains the order of the elements : Deciding if on ( == ) is Alpha or on isAlpha ( == ) is better and trying to remember which way the implementor choose is certainly more difficult than realizing that is Alpha ` on ` ( == ) makes no sense ( There are better examples for this such as ` elem ` , or think about the confusion between the order of arguments in Data .
FiniteMap vs. Data . Map ) . -- ThomasJaeger
Btw .
the function comparing has found its way to the module Data .
Ord ( http://www.haskell.org/ghc/dist/current/docs/libraries/base/Data-Ord.html).
It is a composition of compare and on / compose2 .
However it does not satisfyingly help to implement extensions of *
By functions , because the key for sorting / grouping / maximising must be re-computed for each comparison if you write , say sortBy ( comparing length ) . -- HenningThielemann
Of course , foldl App only works if App models application in an untyped language .
Using GADTs , App could be of type Expr ( a -> b ) ->
Expr a ->
Expr b , also , many combinator that works on different types can't be " sugared " using functions .
-- ThomasJaeger
Finally , there is no reason why one should expect a tool that processes haskell code not to be aware of Haskell 98 's syntax .
All mentioned syntactic extensions ( list comprehension , guards , sections , infix stuff ) fall under this category and can be used without any bad conscience .
Sorry for having become so " religous " -- ThomasJaeger
I agree .
-- CaleGibbard
If you want a good example for unnecessary sugar , take this one :
tuples :: Int -> [ a ] -> [ [ a ] ] tuples 0 _ = return [ ] tuples ( r + 1 ) xs = do y : ys <- tails xs ( y : ) ` fmap ` tuples r ys
Why is infix ` fmap ` more readable than prefix fmap ?
Where is the analogy to map ?
Why do n't you use map at all ?
I see map as an operator which lifts scalar functions to list functions , this is perfectly expressed by prefix notation .
What is the readability benefit of ( r + 1 ) pattern and why is do more readable than explicit init ( tails xs ) >>= ( \ ( y : ys ) -> map ( y : ) ( tuples ( r - 1 ) ys ) ) here ?
( Mostly because this is not the correct translation and the correct translation is unreadable -- DerekElkins )
It 's even worse than [ ( y : ) ` fmap ` tuples r ys | ( y : ys ) <- tails xs ] .
You rewrote my code just with sugar but the structure which must be understood remained the same .
Sorry , I do n't find it easier to understand .
Maybe people who believe a common notation rather than to try to understand the meaning are happy with the sugar .
-- HenningThielemann
The pattern m >>= \ x -> f x is exactly the reason the do - notation was introduced , so each time I write something like this , I replace it with a do notation for the following reason :
It is definitely the more common style ( nobody is using m >>= \ x -> \ n - style these days ) , so much more likely to be understood faster ( at least for myself ) , the do notation expresses nicely that monadic ( in this case notdeterminstic ) effects are taking place , and finally it is much easier to make changes to the code if it's in do - form ( e.g. add additional guards ) .
Of course you CAN do the same changes in >>= - style , too , after all there is a straightforward translation ( although complicated by the fact that you have to check if pattern matchings are exhaustive ) , but I 'm not the kind of guy who does all kinds of verbose translation in his head just because he wants to stay away from syntactic sugar .
I disagree with arguments like " nobody is using ... " .
What does it tell about the quality of a technique ?
I write here to give reasons against too much syntactic sugar rather than to record today 's habits of some programmers .
-- HenningThielemann
You are further critizing that I am using fmap instead of the more special map .
I find it natural to use fmap in monadic code to abstract from lists .
If it were n't for tails , the code would even have type ( MonadPlus m , Functor m ) => Int -> [ a ] -> m [ a ] , increasing usability .
liftM would also be acceptable ( and for some strange reason even slightly faster ) , but it feels awfully wrong to me to use liftM , so that I 'm willing to live with additional Functor constraints .
This is also the reason while your list comprehension solution is clearly inferior to a monadic one .
One more thing about pattern match failure vs. init .
Though it does n't matter match in this simple example , the version exploiting pattern match failure is closer to the conceptional algorithm , because it does n't rely on the " low - level - property " of tails that the empty list is the last element of the returned list ( I can never remember this kind of things , even though one of the possible behaviors makes much more sense ) .
The function tuples is defined by recursion on an Int and only uses the case of the predecessor , so this is a classical example for ( n+1 ) - patterns .
Note that the LHSs in your implementation are overlapped , so a reader might need more time to figure out what is going on in your implementation ( I admit the effect is small , but this is a very tiny example ) .
Using fmap infix is a personal habit of mine , but when you think about it , it makes a lot of sense .
As we can't overload a space , it 's the closest thing to application syntax we can get .
I know you prefer App ( App f x ) y - style , which seems more difficult to understand for most people .
This just is a matter of personal style .
Please do not mistake your own personal style for the only sensible one .
If no one else objects , I 'd like to put my implementation back on the main page , possibly with a less controversial comment .
-- ThomasJaeger
My argument is that the syntactic sugared version may be readable like the unsugared version , but it does not improve the readability , thus it should be avoided .
Sugar should n't be the default , it should n't used just because it exists .
That 's the basic opinion where we disagree .
Btw .
I find the do notation in connection with the List monad very confusing because it looks imperative and it suggests that first something is chosen from the list then it is returned .
-- HenningThielemann
While it may not be more readable for you , it is for me , for the reasons I 'm getting tired of stating .
Also , your opinions on the do - notation seem very strange to me .
If we have monads - a way to unify different notions of effects - why make the artificial distinction between IO / State effects and more general ones again ?
The do - notation expresses in which order the effects are happening - that 's the same for a list and an IO monad .
However , a distinction between commutative and non-commutative monads would make sense , but unfortunately , there 's no way to prove the commutativity of a monad statically in Haskell .
There are still issues that are n't implemented in GHC which belong to the Haskell 98 standard and which are of more importance , I think , such as mutual recursive modules and some special case of polymorphic mutual function recursion .
So I do n't vote for wasting the time with syntactic sugar when real enhancements are deferred by it .
If I would write a Haskell code processor I would certainly prevent me from the trouble of supporting guards and ( n+k ) patterns .
I 'm also fed up with the similar situation in HTML with its tons of extensions and the buggy code which is accepted by most browsers ( which is also a sort of inofficial extension ) - there is simply no fun in processing HTML code .
Not to mention C++.
By the way I 'd like to have a real function if instead of the sugarized version with then and else in Haskell 98 .
Then I could use it in connection with zipWith3 .
See [ " Case " ] for another application .
-- HenningThielemann
Agrees with that .
I 'm not using if all that often , and could easily add a few braces .
And , it would free then and else for normal identifier use .
-- RemiTurk
Personally , I like the explicit `then` and `else` and find that they help when reading code to separate where the break is between the sections .
It 's not that I necessarily disagree with the inclusion of such a function , it is an easy one to write in any case , but I think that some sugar in the form of a few extra words to mark important points in common structures is useful .
Human languages have many such words , and their presence makes reading or listening much easier .
- CaleGibbard
10 Years of the Pinchet Prinicple
Philippe Sands – guardian.co.uk ,
Thursday October 16 2008 10.30 BST
guardian.co.uk Â© Guardian News and Media Limited 2008
The arrest warrant served on the Chilean head of state in 1998 changed history and has implications for the US government now .
On October 16 1998 , a magistrate signed a warrant for the arrest of Senator Augusto Pinochet and changed the course of history .
The former Chilean head of state was arrested a few hours later , at the request of a Spanish prosecutor who charged him with a raft of international crimes , some dating back to the early 1970s .
Over the next 18 months , one dramatic development followed another .
The House of Lords rendered three landmark judgments in the space of five months ; home secretary Jack Straw defied expectations by giving a green light to the continuation of proceedings that could lead to Pinochet ’s removal to Madrid ; Pinochet made a dramatic appearance in the dock at Belmarsh magistrate ’s court ; and eventually Straw decided that Pinochet was too unhealthy to stand trial and he was returned to Chile in April 2000 .
For the rest of his life he was dogged by legal proceedings .
One central question lay at the heart of the whole affair : was a former head of state entitled to claim immunity before the English courts , where it was alleged that he had participated in crimes , in violation of international conventions , such as torture ?
This question had never before been decided .
It pitted two competing views of international relations against each other : traditionalists argued that the maintenance of serene relations between states required the courts of one state to refrain from sitting in judgment over the highest officials of another ; the modernists argued that no person was above the law where the most serious international crimes were involved , and that the system of human rights laws put in place after the second world war substituted a rule of immunity with a new rule against impunity .
In March 1999 , the House of Lords came down strongly in favour of the modernist view .
It did so carefully , and in a way that was both reasonable and sustainable .
The majority ruled that Pinochet ’s loss of immunity arose not from some unstated general rule of international law , but rather from the terms of a treaty to which Britain , Chile and Spain were party “ “ the 1984 convention outlawing torture “ “ the terms of which were inconsistent with immunity for a former head of state .
It is impossible to overstate the significance of that ruling , which reflected a new balance of global priorities , a shift in favour of principle over pragmatism .
It has been followed by international indictments against other former heads of state “ “ Slobodan Milosevic and Charles Taylor “ “ and the coming into force of the international criminal court and possible proceedings against the serving president of Sudan .
It has also given rise to criminal proceedings before national courts in other parts of the world .
The Pinochet judgment has withstood the test of time .
It has not been overruled in the court of international opinion , and it has not brought international relations to a grinding halt .
Nevertheless , it seems that Pinochet ’s case caused concerns at the highest levels of the Bush administration , as described in a revealing account by a former lawyer in the Bush administration , Jack Goldsmith .
He describes how , during 2002 , Henry Kissinger found himself on the sharp end of the Pinochet case .
Reportedly livid , a rattled Kissinger complained to his old chum Donald Rumsfeld , who was already worrying about “ lawfare ” ( the use of law to achieve operational objectives ) .
Rumsfeld instructed the chief lawyer at the Pentagon , Jim Haynes , to address the problems posed by this “ judicialization of international politics ” .
Haynes passed the assignment on to Goldsmith , whose memo reached the National Security Council , which also worried about the threat of foreign judges .
According to Goldsmith , the NSC could n’t work out what to do about the problem .
We now know that while this was going on , Rumsfeld and Haynes and others at the Pentagon were secretly circumventing international laws like the Geneva conventions and the torture convention and removing international constraints on the interrogation of detainees at GuantÃ¡namo and in Iraq .
Torture and other international crimes followed .
So did the Abu Ghraib photos .
Amid the welter of legal opinions received by the administration none , it seems , bothered to examine the consequences of the House of Lords judgment for senior US officials .
The legacy of the arrest warrant signed in Hampstead 10 years today , is the Pinochet principle , that no one is above the law .
It may one day come to haunt the very people who sought to set it aside .
If , that is , they ever dare to set foot outside the United States .
Murichan the Korean street cat and a yummy bag of catnip .
In Korea , the general rule about cats is that humans do n't really like them , and as a result most cats do n't like humans either .
This has only started to change quite recently and now cats are starting to become popular among people in their 20s and 30s and you can even see a few cat - themed comics here and there like this one , but most people still do n't like them , and street cats in particular .
My overall impression is that over the past five to ten years the amount of people that like cats has gone from about one in twenty to maybe one in four or five .
I still remember one guy I met in Vancouver in 2000 that told me he would prefer to see a spider of the same size than a cat .
The average cat you see on the street here has no interest in people and will just run away if you approach .
In general you do n't want to try to hard to befriend most cats because they will just run away and since they have things like cars and motorcycles to worry about , you do n't want to distract them .
Every once in a while though you 'll find one that does n't really fear people , and here 's one of them :
This cat for some reason spends all her time staring at water , and does n't care about much else .
She does n't like humans in particular but wo n't run away if you approach , because the water 's much more interesting .
One day for example I bought her a can of tuna to eat , but at the time she was watching the water and only took a few bites of the tuna before her curiosity got the better of her and she went straight back to the water to check out what she missed while she was eating .
She does like the smell of catnip though , but wo n't eat it .
Here she is encountering a bag of catnip : and then again when I encountered her on a wall ( actually before the last video ) , with catnip again : Because she likes the water I named her murichan ( 물이ちゃん , not 무리ちゃん ) .
Another cat that lives on the street is called Yangsuni , and she is actually quite well off .
Here she is getting some exercise :
She apparently used to have an owner in an apartment in Cheongdam - dong ( 첨담동 ) where she lives , but the owner for some reason just left her behind and moved away , so she started living in a parking lot .
Luckily though , the guys that work the valet parking there are super cool and give her food every day , which is why she still likes people and is so fat .
The parking lot environment is n't all that good , but she has a secret trick where she climbs up a tree and uses it to get to the roof of a nearby apartment building where she can relax and not worry about cars on the street .
And then there are some cats that just do n't like people and have n't been given names , but like catnip nonetheless ( I sprinkled some on the ground where they are ) :
Now let 's say you 're visiting Korea and you want to see some cats that like people .
Here 's where you want to go :
What this red circle is is a temple called Bongeunsa , right in the centre of Seoul , and just north of a huge convention centre and mall called COEX .
You can get to COEX straight from the airport by taking the bus to the City Air Terminal , and then after you get there simply head out the north gate and cross the street , and now you 're at the temple .
In the temple there are maybe about two dozen cats , and not all of them like people but a few do , and five of the cats are n't afraid of them at all because they get fed every day and just hang out and impress people with their awesomeness .
Here are a few pictures of these cats :
This is one of them ( named makdungi - 막둥이 ) in a tree when she was a kitten .
Under a tree .
Her sister tuljjae ( 둘째 ) , the smartest of the three .
She also likes people the most .
Playing with an umbrella .
Drinking water with her brother .
This cat is the newest one , called MB .
Found him as a kitten in October on the hill crying alone , so we brought him food every day and now he 's almost all grown up .
This is him about two months ago .
MB 's best friend is Baby , who is about three months older than him .
Baby used to hiss at everyone as a kitten in order to make sure nobody ate her food but now she 's mellowed out .
MB teaching a stick a lesson .
For Christmas we got MB and Baby a bed .
It 's technically a dog bed but they do n't know that .
Whenever I do n't give MB food he starts sharpening his claws on my shoes .
Er ...MB trying to grab at a rock .
MB in mid-jump , Baby below .
Baby challenging me to a duel .
Baby chasing MB. MB huffing himself up to look scary .
Still does n't look all that scary .
Now they 're back inside the temple building and it's time to eat .
Followed by water .
These cats at the temple are actually pretty powerful ambassadors for human - feline relations because a lot of people here have the impression that cats just do n't like humans at all and will always run away , and are quite surprised when they go to the temple and find cats that simply walk up out of curiosity , roll about on the ground , play with string , do n't mind getting their pictures taken , etc. , and a lot of people walk out of there with a completely new impression of cats compared to the one they had before they visited .
Here 's a blog in Korean with some more pictures of these cats .
And another one here , and another one here .
If you 're interested in helping out cats in Korea , you might want to check out Nabiya on Facebook .
If you have a Korean friend where you are you might want to find a way to introduce them to friendly cats if they do n't like them ( I 've gotten a few people here that hated cats to love them so it 's possible ) .
I get the feeling that Korea 's almost on the verge of being a majority cat - friendly country ( by on the verge I mean maybe in about ten years ) , so maybe with just a bit more effort we can put it over the top .
Workers in Scotland and Wales stage walkouts Press Association
A series of unofficial strikes broke out across Britain today over plans by a major oil company to give jobs to construction workers from Portugal and Italy .
The contractors were to work on the giant £ 200 m Lindsey oil refinery at North Killingholme , Lincolnshire .
Workers at refineries and power stations in various parts of the UK walked out , some holding placards quoting the words of Gordon Brown : " British jobs for British workers " .
The wildcat strikes mark the latest in a series of protests over the use of foreign rather than domestic labour by large companies in the UK .
More than 700 BP and INEOS workers at the Grangemouth oil refinery in Scotland walked out this morning after an 8 am union meeting .
Police were called to the Aberthaw power station , near Barry , South Wales , and 400 workers at a refinery in Wilton near Redcar , Teesside , have also downed tools .
Workers walked off the site at Total 's Lindsey oil refinery on Wednesday , after weeks of discontent over the contract to build the plant 's HDS - 3 de-sulphurisation unit .
The plant 's owners put the contract out to tender with five UK firms and two European contractors bidding for the work .
The Italian company IREM won the contract and supplied its own permanent workforce , accommodating them in large , grey housing barges moored off Grimsby docks .
It is understood 100 Italian and Portuguese workers are already on the site and 300 more are expected next month .
Asked about the refinery strikes at a news conference in Davos today , the prime minister said : " I understand people 's worries about their jobs .
I understand people 's anxieties about employment across the country .
But we are doing everything we can both to get economic growth moving in our country and to help people who are unemployed , to help them into new jobs . "
Brown also stressed that protecting jobs was one of his key political aims .
He said : " I came into politics to help people out of unemployment , to help people who were poor by building an economy that was confident and strong to weather this storm .
I believe that the action we have taken to help people in work stay in work , to help people who lose their jobs get jobs again ... is the way to do it . "
Protesters at the Lindsey refinery ended their action at around 10 am , but vowed to be back on Monday morning .
Bobby Buirds , a regional officer for Unite in Scotland , said the workers at Grangemouth were striking to protect British jobs .
" The argument is not against foreign workers , it 's against foreign companies discriminating against British labour , " he said .
" If the job of these mechanical contractors at INEOS finishes and they try and get jobs down south , the jobs are already occupied by foreign labour and their opportunities are decreasing .
This is a fight for work .
It is a fight for the right to work in our own country .
It is not a racist argument at all . "
Around 500 workers walked out at Scottish Power 's Longannet power station , and just over 100 at its Cockenzie power station , while around 80 stopped work at British Energy 's Torness facility .
In Lincolnshire , several hundred protesters gathered in a car park opposite the sprawling Lindsey refinery .
Clutching placards and banners , two of which read " Right to Work UK Workers " and " In the wise words of Gordon Brown UK Jobs for British Workers " , they listened as union leaders called on them to stand together in their protest .
Unite union regional officer Bernard McAuley addressed the men from a flat - bed truck .
" There is sufficient unemployed skilled labour wanting the right to work on that site and they are demanding the right to work on that site .
Our general secretary of Unite and the GMB have called upon the prime minister to call an urgent meeting with the heads of industry in the engineering and construction industry to clients and the trade unions to get round the table , " he said .
" We want fairness .
We want the rights of our members to have the opportunity to be employed , not just on this job but on all jobs around the United Kingdom . "
In heated exchanges , some protesters called on their colleagues to march on Downing Street to protest at the situation .
Shop steward Kenny Ward addressed the crowd and told them they had to stand together and take on the " greedy employer " .
He said : " This is what it 's about , it 's about collective strength .
I 'm a victim , you are a victim , there are thousands in this country that are victims to this discrimination , this victimisation of the British worker . "
He said colleagues across the country in Scotland and Wales were " standing shoulder to shoulder " with the protesters here .
Total issued a statement about the Lindsey strike this morning .
It said : " We recognise the concerns of contractors but we want to stress that there will be no direct redundancies as a result of this contract being awarded to IREM and that all IREM staff will be paid the same as the existing contractors working on the project .
" It is important to note that we have been a major local employer for 40 years with 550 permanent staff employed at the refinery .
There are also between 200 and 1,000 contractors working at the refinery , the vast majority of which work for UK companies employing local people .
" On this one specific occasion , IREM was selected , through a fair and competitive tender process , as the most appropriate company to complete this work .
We will continue to put contracts out to tender in the future and we are confident we will award further contracts to UK companies . "
The Paulson Era
Discussing the difficult economic period , with Henry Paulson , Treasury Secretary and CNBC's Maria Bartiromo
Set 183 to win and resuming at 0 - 30 , the Proteas reached their target for the loss of just one wicket 55 minutes after lunch , to claim a 2 - 0 lead in the three - match series .
Smith hit 10 fours from 94 balls and was out lbw to off - spinner Nathan Hauritz shortly before lunch after an opening stand of 121 with Neil McKenzie who remained not out on 59 .
Hashim Amla made an unbeaten 30 .
Paceman Brett Lee , who has been ordered to rest for six weeks after this match because of a stress reaction in his left foot , bravely opened the bowling for Australia and took 0 - 49 from 10 overs .
Lee left the field half an hour before the game ended .
Australia 's woes deepened today with the news that 12th man Shane Watson will be unable to bowl for six months because of stress fractures in his back .
The Queenslander 's latest injury complicates Australia 's selection for the third Test .
Watson had been touted as a replacement allrounder for the struggling Andrew Symonds , who is battling knee soreness .
Ponting , whose captaincy tactics have been questioned during the second Test , has produced a fine double of 101 and 99 with the bat for Australia .
South Africa paceman Dale Steyn took match figures of 10 - 154 .
Steyn , who has claimed 74 wickets this year , took four of the first five wickets to fall yesterday .
They included out - of - form pair Matthew Hayden ( 23 ) and Symonds ( 0 ) .
The 102 - Test career of Hayden , 37 , appears almost over .
South African veteran Jacques Kallis said he was thrilled to cap his fourth tour of Australia with a series victory .
" At the MCG , what better place to want to do it , " he told the Nine Network .
" I 've had some individual highlights here , but lost Test matches and drawn
Test matches , so this one takes the cake .
" Having won a Test match here beats all those ( previous ) feelings ... and is an unbelievable effort . "
Smith could not hide his elation after the match .
" It has been such a special moment for all of us , it has been an incredible team effort , " he told the Nine Network .
" I have been smiling non -stop since we hit the winning runs . "
Ponting commended the tourists on their fightback at the MCG , and their series triumph .
" South Africa have outplayed us in all the big moments of these two Test matches , " he said .
" We had them on the ropes early in this game and they have certainly been good enough to turn that situation into a very good one for themselves , and they have won the game very comfortably .
" This is a series win for them that has been very well - deserved . "
Complete Scoreboard Australia ( 1st Innings ) :
M HAYDEN c Duminy b Ntini 8
S KATICH b Steyn 54
R PONTING c Amla b Harris 101
M HUSSEY c Boucher b Steyn 0
M CLARKE not out 88
A SYMONDS c Kallis b Morkel 27
B HADDIN c Smith b Ntini 40
B LEE c Kallis b Steyn 21
M JOHNSON b Steyn 0
N HAURITZ c Smith b Steyn 12
P SIDDLE c de Villiers b Kallis 19
Sundries ( 5b , 12lb , 7nb ) 24
Total 394
Fall of wickets : 21 ( Hayden ) , 128 ( Katich ) , 143 ( Hussey ) , 184 ( Ponting ) , 223 ( Symonds ) , 277 ( Haddin ) , 322 ( Lee ) , 326 ( Johnson ) , 352 ( Hauritz ) , 394 ( Siddle ) .
Bowling : D Steyn 29-6 - 87 -5 , M Ntini 27-7-108-2 ( 1nb ) , J Kallis 18.4-4-55 -1 , M Morkel 22-3-89-1 ( 6nb ) , P Harris 17-3-38-1 .
Batting time : 499 mins .
Overs : 113.4 .
South Africa ( 1st Innings ) :
G SMITH c Haddin b Siddle 62
N McKENZIE b Siddle 0
H AMLA c Symonds b Johnson 19
J KALLIS c Haddin b Hauritz 26
AB de VILLIERS b Siddle 7
J DUMINY c Siddle b Hauritz 166
M BOUCHER c Hussey b Hauritz 3
M MORKEL b Johnson 21
P HARRIS c Johnson b Hussey 39
D STEYN b Siddle 76
M NTINI not out 2
Sundries ( 5b , 13lb , 15nb ) 33
Total 459
Fall of wickets : 1 ( McKenzie ) , 39 ( Amla ) , 102 ( Kallis ) , 126 ( Smith ) , 132 ( de Villiers ) , 141 ( Boucher ) , 184 ( Morkel ) , 251 ( Harris ) , 431 ( Steyn ) , 459 ( Duminy ) .
Bowling : B Lee 13-2-68-0 ( 7nb ) , P Siddle 34 - 9 - 81 - 4 ( 4nb ) , M Johnson 39- 6 - 127-2 ( 3nb ) , N Hauritz 43-13-98-3 ( 1nb ) , M Clarke 8-0 - 26 -0 , M Hussey 5-0 - 22 - 1 , A Symonds 11-3- 14-0 .
Batting time : 594 mins .
Overs : 153 .
Australia ( 2nd Innings ) :
M HAYDEN c Duminy b Steyn 23
S KATICH c Boucher b Steyn 15
R PONTING c Smith b Morkel 99
M HUSSEY c Amla b Morkel 2
M CLARKE c McKenzie b Steyn 29
A SYMONDS c Kallis b Steyn 0
B HADDIN c Kallis b Ntini 10
B LEE b Kallis 8
M JOHNSON not out 43
N HAURITZ b Kallis 3
P SIDDLE c Boucher b Steyn 6
Sundries ( 1b , 3lb , 5nb ) 9
Total 247
Fall of wickets : 37 ( Hayden ) , 40 ( Katich ) , 49 ( Hussey ) , 145 ( Clarke ) , 145 ( Symonds ) , 165 ( Haddin ) , 180 ( Lee ) , 212 ( Ponting ) , 231 ( Hauritz ) , 247 ( Siddle ) .
Bowling : D Steyn 20.2-3-67-5 ( 1nb ) , M Ntini 14-1 - 26-1 , M Morkel 15 - 2 - 46 -2 ( 4nb ) , P Harris 21-1- 47-0 , J Kallis 14-1-57-2 .
Batting time : 325 mins .
Overs : 84.2 .
South Africa ( 2nd Innings ) :
G SMITH lbw Hauritz 75
N McKENZIE not out 59
H AMLA not out 30
Sundries ( 9lb , 2w , 8nb ) 19
Total ( 1 wkt ) 183
Fall of wicket : 121 ( Smith ) .
Bowling : B Lee 10 - 0 - 49-0 ( 6nb ) , P Siddle 14-5 - 34 - 0 , M Johnson 11 - 1 - 36-0 ( 2w 1nb ) , N Hauritz 10 - 0 - 41 - 1 ( 1nb ) , M Clarke 3-0- 14-0 .
Batting time : 204 minutes .
Overs : 48 .
Result : South Africa won by 9 wickets
Umpires : Aleem Dar ( Pakistan ) and Billy Doctrove ( Dominica ) .
Match Referee : Ranjan Madugalle ( SRI ) .
Third Umpire : Bruce Oxenford ( Australia ) .
Snapshot of the fifth and final day SCORE - South Africa reached 1 - 183 to beat Australia by nine wickets .
- South Africa reached 1 -183 to beat Australia by nine wickets .
MAN OF THE MOMENT - Graeme Smith .
The captain 's confident batting made sure South Africa never got the wobbles in their run-chase .
His 75 gave him 1656 runs in 2008 , at an average of 72 .
More importantly , it guided the Proteas to a maiden series win on Australian soil .
Pity he was n't at the crease at the end .
KEY MOMENT - Securing victory is a moment South African fans will cherish .
The honour fell to Hashim Amla , who tucked Michael Clarke to square leg for two to win the Test and the series .
STAT OF THE DAY - For Australia , 16 years - that was the last time they lost a series at home .
For South Africa , their maiden series victory on Australian soil came 98 years after they first toured this country .
QUOTE OF THE DAY - " It 's got to be the best . " - Smith rates this achievement , amid an outstanding 2008 , as the greatest in South African cricket history .
SUMMARY - Hail the new kings .
South Africa followed their superb victory in Perth with a brilliant win at the MCG , having been on the ropes after the second day .
Their series win caps a magnificent 2008 .
Australia remain the world 's best
Test side on rankings , but change is upon us .
The Proteas would officially become No.1 if they can produce a series whitewash , with the third Test to start in Sydney on Saturday .
Australia and South Africa in Test cricket 2008
AUSTRALIA January
Beat India by 122 runs at SCG
Lost to India by 72 runs at WACA Ground
Drew with India at Adelaide Oval
Won series 2 - 1 ( after winning first Test at MCG in 2007 )
May / June
Beat the West Indies by 95 runs at Kingston
Drew with the West Indies at Antigua
Beat the West Indies by 87 runs at Bridgetown
Won series 2 - 0 October / November
Drew with India at Bangalore
Lost to India by 320 runs at Mohali
Drew with India at New Delhi
Lost to India by 172 runs at Nagpur
Lost series 2 - 0 November / December
Beat New Zealand by 149 runs at Gabba
Beat New Zealand by an innings and 62 runs at Adelaide Oval
Won series 2 -
0
December
Lost to South Africa by six wickets at WACA Ground
Lost to South Africa by nine wickets at MCG
Trail series 2 - 0 with third Test to be played at SCG TOTAL - Played 14 Tests , won 5 , lost 5 , drew 4
SOUTH AFRICA January
Beat the West Indies by seven wickets at Cape Town
Beat the West Indies by an innings and 100 runs at Durban
Won series 2 - 1 ( after losing the first Test at Port Elizabeth in 2007 ) February / March
Beat Bangladesh by five wickets at Mirpur
Beat Bangladesh by an innings and 205 runs at Chittagong
Won series 2 -
0
March / April
Drew with India at Chennai
Beat India by an innings and 90 runs at Ahmedabad
Lost to India by eight wickets at Kanpur
Drew series 1 - 1 July / August
Drew with England at Lord's
Beat England by 10 wickets at Headingley
Beat England by five wickets at Edgbaston
Lost to England by six wickets at The Oval
Won series 2 -
1
November
Beat Bangladesh by an innings and 129 runs at Bloemfontein
Beat Bangladesh by an innings and 48 runs at Centurion
Won series 2 - 0 December
Beat Australia by six wickets at WACA Ground
Beat Australia by nine wickets at MCG
Lead series 2 - 0 with third Test to be played at SCG TOTAL - Played 15 Tests , won 11 , lost 2 , drew 2
Where Australia 's Test series defeat to South Africa ranks .
*
First series defeat at home since they lost 2 - 1 to the West Indies in 1992 - 93
* First series defeat to South Africa since they lost 4 - 0 in South Africa in 1969 - 70 * Only third series defeat to South Africa in 21 series , after the 3 - 1 defeat in 1966 - 67 and the 4 - 0 defeat in 1969 - 70 , both in South Africa * Eighteenth series defeat at home in 131 years
* Just fifth series defeat in the past decade , after Sri Lanka 1999 , India 2001 , England 2005 and India 2008 ( all away ) .
Looking ahead to the third Test in Sydney :
* A South African win would make them the world 's No.1 Test team
* It would be only the second time Australia has been whitewashed at home , after England won 2 - 0 in 1886 - 87 *
It would be only the sixth time Australia has been whitewashed in a Test series - England won 3 - 0 in England in 1886 , England won 2 - 0 in Australia in 1886 - 87 , England won 2 - 0 in England in 1890 , South Africa won 4 - 0 in South Africa in 1969 - 70 and Pakistan won 3 - 0 in Pakistan in 1982 - 83
SHIJIAZHUANG , China ( CNN ) --
The former chairwoman of China 's Sanlu dairy was sentenced to life in prison and three others received death sentences Thursday in a tainted milk scandal that killed at least six infants and sickened nearly 300,000 others .
Police surround a court building in northern China in late December during the trial .
Tian Wenhua and three other Sanlu Group executives were put on trial for producing and selling fake or substandard products after their arrests in late September .
Tian , who pleaded guilty in December , received a life sentence Thursday .
Former deputy general managers Wang Yuliang and Hang Zhiqi received sentences of 15 and eight years , while Wu Jusheng , a former executive heading Sanlu 's milk division , was sentenced to five years in prison .
In addition , Sanlu , Tian and Wang were ordered to pay multi-million dollar fines .
The court also sentenced three people to death , including a suspended sentence pending a review , and two others to life in prison .
Six more received prison terms of five to 15 years each .
China Milk Scandal
A list of sentences handed down by a Chinese court Thursday in China 's tainted milk scandal .
Sanlu Group
-- Tian Wenhua , former chairwoman : life , $ 3.6 M fine
-- Wang Yuliang , former executive : 15 years , $ 3.5M
-- Hang Zhiqi , former executive : 8 years , $ 133,000
-- Wu Jisheng , former executive , 5 years , $ 88,000
-- Company : $ 7 million fine
Producers
-- Geng Jinping , milk producer : death , assets confiscated
-- Geng Jinzhu , milk producer , 8 years , $ 73,000
Middlemen
-- Zhang Yujun : death
-- Gao Junjie : death ; sentence suspended 2 years pending review -- Zhang Yanzhang : life
-- Xue Jianzhong : life
-- Zhang Yanjun : 15 years
-- Xiao Yu : 5 years
Many of the defendants -- including one who received a death sentence -- were middlemen who sold melamine to milking stations that added the chemical to the milk .
Watch more on the sentencings »
Security was tight ahead of the verdicts , as police set up roadblocks a kilometer ( 0.63 miles ) in each direction from the courthouse .
Parents outside the courthouse were outraged by the sentence that spared Tian 's life .
A mother who 's baby died from contaminated milk said she wanted Tian shot to pay for the life of her child .
Twenty - one suspects went on trial late last month .
Nine have yet to be sentenced .
Sanlu was one of the main distributors of the tainted milk , which caused kidney stones and urinary tract problems in hundreds of thousands of children .
From early August to mid-September , Sanlu produced 904 metric tons of melamine - tainted baby formula powder and sold 813 metric tons of tainted products made with contaminated milk , the state - run Xinhua news agency reported .
Watch how China 's dairy industry has been affected by the scandal »
Chinese investigators found melamine in nearly 70 milk products from more than 20 companies , according to quality control official Li Changjiang , who was eventually forced to resign .
The Ministry of Health has said the contamination likely caused the deaths of at least six babies .
Another 296,000 infants suffered from urinary problems , such as kidney stones .
The tainted formula came to light in September after babies who were fed milk powder produced by the Sanlu Group , which recently filed for bankruptcy , had developed kidney stones .
Melamine is commonly used in coatings and laminates , wood adhesives , fabric coatings , ceiling tiles and flame retardants .
Some Chinese dairy plants added the chemical to milk products so they would appear to have a higher protein level .
Learn more about melamine »
Victims of tainted baby formula are expected to be compensated by the 22 Chinese dairy producers that made the milk .
" The enterprises offered to shoulder the compensation liability , " the country 's Dairy Industry Association said late last month , according to Xinhua .
" By doing so , they hope to earn understanding and forgiveness of the families of the sickened children . "
The group said victims will receive a one - time cash payment , but did not provide the amounts , according to Xinhua .
No date for the payments was given .
The dairies also raised money to cover medical bills for any after - effects suffered as a result of the poisoning , the association said .
All About Sanlu Group Co. • China • Food Safety
We were impressed with the big improvements in the first KDE 4.2 beta when it was released earlier this month .
It fixed a lot of bugs and brought some impressive new features to the Plasma panel system and other areas of the desktop environment .
The second beta , which was released last week , builds on that work and adds a lot of important refinements .
According to the official release announcement , over 1600 new bug reports were opened between the first and second beta releases and over 2200 bug reports were closed during the same time frame .
The improvements have augmented the environment 's robustness and restored some important features that were lost during the original transition between KDE 3 and KDE 4 .
An area of the stack that has received a lot of attention lately is KWin , the window manager .
The KWin developers have been improving compositing - based visual effects and adding some aesthetically rich capabilities to the desktop .
Developer Lucas Murray published a blog entry yesterday with high definition videos that demonstrate the latest and greatest features of KWin .
" The main focus of KWin for 4.2 was , without a doubt , desktop effects .
Lubos concentrated on card detection , automatic enabling if the system supports it and general optimizations of the core while Martin and myself focused almost entirely on the effects themselves , " Murray wrote .
BRACEBRIDGE – Ontario Provincial Police in Bracebridge have laid 34 charges under the Liquor License Act in connection with an accident last summer in which three young men were killed .
A fourth person was was injured but escaped with her life .
That the group had been at the Lake Joseph Club before the crash which raised questions about the obligations of establishments that serve alcohol .
They are to appear in Bracebridge court on Jan. 27 .
So it ’s me , the writer of solidasarock , and well I ’ve joined the chemistry forums blog team .
Studying for qualifiers have been awful , so writing has been almost nonexistent , but with finishing off TAing and watching the first years teach lab and hearing their complains that were oh so similar to mine last year , I thought I ’d tackle something that ’s really prevalent in some chemistry departments , particularly , my department .
And that would of course me chemical edutainment .
< insert 2 cents >
I had the privilege of teaching freshmen , juniors , seniors and graduate students in my TA load , and seeing how things were run here versus my undergrad alma mater is disappointing .
Back in my alma mater , experiments were ‘ boring ’ .
We didnt go into the latest nanotechnology , but we did go over very valuable experimental techniques .
Twenty - thirty titrations in the first semester lab alone was enough to drive one insane , and the qualitative analysis freshman lab of having to figure out what ions were in a mixture was difficult for us fishies .
Then of course , there was our ‘ reward ’ lab where we synthesized YBCO and then did a iodometric titration to determine the oxygen content , and then lots of other random labs that , while ‘ boring ’ to the students , showed important concepts that helped us conceptualize concepts .
Let ’s compare that to my new department .
Freshmen here do not do multiple titrations till they die .
They dont even determine the concentration of their titrant in a standardization .
Here , they do one titration , and do it using a pH meter .
We didnt use a pH meter in undergrad until junior year for our titrations since we had to get a feel for the end point before hand .
From there , they move onto ‘ ubersexy ’ labs , such as the synthesis of CdSe nanoparticles , Au nanoparticles .
Did they at least characterize these NPs ?
They did one UV - vis , didnt really get told what was the significance and then were told to move on .
Then later they had experiments that had very little chemistry in it at all .
I remember asking why these labs were taught , and I was repeatedly told about the ‘ educational value ’ of them .
They were short writeups with barely any real analysis for the students .
I chagrined and did my duty as a TA and taught them the best I could , inserting concepts , that while tangentially related , would actually be covered on their exams .
Needless to say , my students complained at the extra work I had ‘ assigned ’ .
So writing down a few questions and having them answer it as part of their lab report was making me into a tyrannical despot .
My evaluations were crappy , and I had learned my lesson .
I then spoke with one of the lab coordinators who told me about the consumerism of undergrad .
We , as the TAs , are the product , and of course , the customer is always right .
Of course !
They pay $ $ $ $$ money to attend this fine institution , but if they arent getting actual quality and instead get frou frou labs that teach them little but keep them entertained where is the value ?
Now this sounds like a rant .
Where is your proof ?
Like I said , I also got to teach juniors and seniors later on in the year , and I , to my dismay would find my proof there .
Here are a bunch of chemistry juniors and seniors .
I was explaining the quantitative analysis lab , and asked if they had done serial dilutions before .
Nope .
No one had done it .
Unless they were a lackey in a biochem lab and had to do serial dilutions all day for their grad / postdoc mentors .
Come on , at the junior / senior level , serial dilutions should be a snap .
I explained the concept , showed them how to do it , and in the end , I was still asked by juniors and seniors to whether they could get micropippeters to dilute 1000 x in a 100 ml volumetric flask .
I was dumbfounded .
I was aghast .
I wanted to rant and rave , but I kept it in .
I taught them what they needed to know and went over the concept again .
I had asked if they had covered it in organic lab ( since I didnt get to teach that ) , and they said no .
I knew the freshman curriculum , and I know it wasnt covered there .
There were these chemistry majors , almost ready to graduate , not knowing very basic experimental skills .
So I was on fire and wanted to teach hardcore again .
I went into other concepts that tangentially related , were still useful , and that they could use the information .
A lot of them were happy at the knowledge , some werent .
Then fast forward to another lab .
These were the same juniors and seniors .
I had assigned all the questions in the lab , but some were deemed too difficult .
They saw no point in those questions .
Needless to say , they went to my lab coordinator and complained to their hearts content .
I had a serious talking to again .
Once again , they were right , as the questions were too hard .
Of course , I didnt say at this point that the lab coordinator had written the lab completely and we both deemed prior that the questions were of the right difficulty and should be good for juniors and seniors .
Since I was no longer entertaining them , since I actually went from ‘ nice guy TA ’ to ‘ no , you need to answer these questions ’
I was evil .
I was a bad TA .
I was distraught .
I really felt like I didnt want to be a professor anymore if things were going to be like this .
Then I got to teach grad students , who all went to undergrad elsewhere .
Thank GOD for grad students .
And now I want to be a professor again .
Why ?
To change this system of edutainment in chemistry .
Chemistry should be fun , but to a certain extent .
If you want kids to actually learn , you need to teach them important concepts , not just show them the latest and greatest sexy experiments that have little experimental value .
Basic skills , especially critical thinking need to be taught .
Students should be challenged in labs , cause if they ’re easy , what ’s the point ?
</ insert 2 cents >
That ’s my two cents .
What ’s yours ?
1. Everyone 's at it
If you thought there were more cyclists on the roads recently , you'd be right – biking is booming .
In London alone there has been a 91 per cent increase in the number of cycle journeys since 2000 , with more than 500,000 trips a day .
And , nationwide , Sport England 's latest survey , for the 12 months to October 2008 , showed 1.8 million of us cycle at least once a week , a significant increase on last year – and that does n't include commuters .
The survey showed recreational cycling is the second - fastest growing sport in the country ( after athletics ) .
Meanwhile , membership of British Cycling , the sport 's governing body , has rocketed to a record high of 25,000 , and new bikes are rolling out of shops at record speed – cycling shop Evans reported a 200 per cent increase in the sales of kids ' and BMX bikes pre-Christmas .
2 . We 're really , really good at it
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Whether or not there are " nine million bicycles in Beijing " ( the true figure is thought to be closer to 10 million ) , the fastest wheels in the Chinese capital this year belonged to Team GB .
British cycling capped its rise from relative obscurity to greatness as our riders cycled home with 14 medals including eight golds .
Had Hoy , Pendleton , Cooke and co formed their own country , it would have finished 10th in the medals table , above France .
And they invented modern cycling .
Ha !
The team were also the stars of the BBC Sports Personality of the Year show last month , taking the team award , the coach prize and the top gong , which went to the newly knighted Sir Chris Hoy .
3 . It 's rolling in cash
Thanks to the way British sport is funded ( medals equal investment ) cycling is set to be showered with cash post -Beijing .
And it 's not all for our professionals , who could hardly improve anyway .
Last month Sport England awarded British Cycling £ 24.3 m for 2009 - 2013 , almost double what they got over the previous four years .
To keep their end of the deal , British Cycling has promised to plough money into improving grass - roots coaching and recreational cycling – a boon for the next generation of world - beaters .
4 . It 's cheaper than driving ...
The popularity of cycling is traditionally linked to petrol prices – after the 1979 fuel crisis , when the cost of driving soared , cycling increased by 40 per cent .
The same happened earlier this year , when CTC , the national cyclists ' organisation , predicted price rises would result in an extra 1.25 million bike journeys a day .
When petrol prices topped 120 p a litre , Cycling England estimated we could save £ 2.5 bn a year by swapping four wheels for two on short journeys .
Petrol might be getting cheaper now , but our pockets are not exactly getting deeper .
5. ... And public transport
Let 's take just one London commuter as a case study ( that would be me ) .
The cheapest way for me to travel the five miles from home to desk would be to buy a £ 1,208 annual travelcard .
My bike was pretty pricey , at £ 700 .
Let 's say it lasts seven years , so costs me £ 100 a year .
I 'm no good with a spanner so I get it serviced probably once every nine months .
A basic service at costs £ 55 , so that 's £ 83 a year for maintenance .
My lights , lock , shoes and clothes do n't come to more than £ 150 .
Let 's divide that across two years – so £ 75 .
So cycling to work costs me about £ 258 a year ( you could do it for less ) .
Take off the £ 200 a year I spend on the days I 'm forced on to public transport and I save £ 750 a year .
That 's enough for 266 pints of beer or a return flight to Sydney .
6 . It boosts the economy
Cycling England estimates that every new cyclist saves the nation £ 382 a year in costs related to health , pollution and congestion .
It says a 20 per cent increase in biking by 2012 would save £ 107 m in premature deaths , £ 52 m for the NHS and £ 87 m in costs to employers through reduced sickness .
A cut in pollution would save £ 71 m a year , while reducing congestion would save £ 207m .
7 . It 's the greatest invention ever
Do n't take my word for it .
Here 's novelist Iris Murdoch : " The bicycle is the most civilised conveyance known to man .
Other forms of transport grow daily more nightmarish .
Only the bicycle remains pure in heart . "
And author Elizabeth West : " When man invented the bicycle he reached the peak of his attainments .
Here was a machine of precision and balance for the convenience of man .
And ( unlike subsequent inventions for man 's convenience ) the more he used it , the fitter his body became ...
Progress should have stopped when man invented the bicycle . "
And HG Wells : " When I see an adult on a bicycle , I do not despair for the future of the human race . "
8 . It 's quicker
In gridlocked towns or cities , bicycles are ahead of the competition .
Traffic in London averages 10 mph – 2 mph slower than 100 years ago – while a fit cyclist can expect to average 12 mph .
Cycle couriers will be doing 15 m ph - plus .
9 . It 's anti-establishment
To climb on a bike remains the simplest form of defiance .
" Socialism can only arrive by bicycle , " said Jose Antonio Viera Gallo , a Chilean politician , while in more than 300 cities worldwide , cyclists gather in " Critical Mass " events in which riders rule the road with no destination or purpose in mind .
The now defunct Reclaim the Streets movement perhaps summed up the cyclist 's personality best in its mission statement : " Any souls who are fed up with the chain of cars , oil , war , pollution are invited to come along ... the car system steals the street from under us and sells it back for the price of petrol .
It privileges time over space , corrupting and reducing both to an obsession with speed or , in economic lingo , turnover . "
10 .
It hurts
Cycling is perhaps at its most painful when the rider is lying on the tarmac having been knocked over by an errant motorist , but there is another , perversely enjoyable kind of torture associated with the sport .
It 's something mortal cyclists can appreciate – the flooding of lactic acid into your thighs , the pouring of sweat on to your handlebars and the strain on your ribs as your heart threatens to explode – but is perhaps best expressed by Lance Armstrong .
" Cycling is so hard , the suffering is so intense , that it 's absolutely cleansing , " the seven - time Tour de France winner wrote .
" The pain is so deep and strong that a curtain descends over your brain ...
Once someone asked me what pleasure I took in riding for so long .
Pleasure ?
I said .
I do n't understand the question .
I did n't do it for pleasure .
I did it for pain . "
11 . It 's safe
No , really .
Ask anyone why they do n't cycle – what possible reason they could have – and often it 's fear .
And it 's understandable – riding round busy junctions , sandwiched between lorries , bendy buses and white vans can be terrifying ( or thrilling – see number 16 ) .
And when you hear about the latest cyclist to meet a grisly end , it 's easy to be put off .
But does news of pedestrians knocked down and killed stop you walking to the shops ?
Because the risk is higher .
The Department for Transport 's statistics for 2007 show that , in the previous three years , cycling is , per mile travelled , safer than walking .
And the more we cycle , the safer it gets as drivers get more used to cyclists .
There has been a 50 per cent drop in casualties per bike - mile since the mid 1990s .
12 . It 's cool
Controversial , this one , and hard to prove when parading around an office of cyclo-sceptics in Lycra and a luminous jacket .
But cycling need n't be nerdy .
Do electric cars the size of shoe boxes make driving uncool ?
Most commuters are admirably uncaring about how they look and that 's fine , but for those who prefer to ride in style there are ways to be cool on two wheels .
Companies like London - based Rapha produce top-quality technical yet stylish gear that would n't see you laughed out of a pub .
Meanwhile , the resurgence of BMX riding thanks to Shanaze Reade has seen a boom in sales of bikes and gear .
And surely you can't help but look cool on a BMX ( unless you 're 45 ) .
13 .
It liberated women
It 's important to remember the impact bikes had on women .
In the early days of the bicycle it was not seemly for a woman to take to two wheels .
" The first of the fair sex to espouse [ cycling ] were regarded as bold beyond the bounds of propriety , " said The New York Times in 1896 .
" They were stared and jeered at on the highways . "
But before long the convenience of cycling meant the bike became known as the " freedom machine " .
It was then , states The New York Times article , that " the more timorous and punctilious sisters ventured into the exercise which has done so much toward building up the health and self - reliance of the sex . "
It was a sentiment shared by the 19th - century American feminist , Susan B Anthony , who said , in 1896 : " I think [ the bicycle ] has done more to emancipate women than anything else ....
I rejoice every time I see a woman ride by on a wheel ... the picture of free , untrammelled womanhood . "
14 . It 's better than running .
Or swimming .
Running is bad for your joints – marathon runners can lose a centimetre in height during a race .
The smooth motion of pedalling makes cycling is much easier on your body .
And because your bulk is supported by the bike , you can go for longer .
If you ran as hard , you 'd fall over .
As for swimming – well , you can't swim to work .
15 .
The weather 's good
There are few things more miserable than to look out of one 's office window as clocking - off approaches to see streets that had sparkled in the morning sunlight drenched in rain .
But , if you think about it , it does n't rain that often everywhere .
Last year Transport for London claimed the average cycle commuter in the capital would only get wet 12 times a year .
That 's ridiculous but , really , it 's not as bad as you think .
16 .
It 's a thrill
Going down Westerham Hill in Kent recently , I grabbed my drop handlebars with white knuckles , stood slightly raised on my pedals , lowered my head and resisted the urge to apply my brakes .
Eyes watering , face red and heart racing , I looked at my cycle computer as the road flattened out .
I had peaked at 49 mph .
It 's the fastest I 've gone on two wheels , and was terrifying , but there are few ways to replicate that kind of thrill .
And then there 's the buzz that comes with cycling in the city – weaving through rush - hour traffic is surely the finest way to wake up in the morning .
17 .
The government will pay
Under the Government 's Cycle to Work scheme , employers who sign up buy bikes and safety equipment for staff , deducting the cost from their salaries .
Because the employer can reclaim VAT and other taxes , you not only spread the cost of the bike but , depending on the scheme , can pay as little as half the price .
Several cities have their own schemes .
In Edinburgh , schoolboy called Tom Sparks had the bright idea to award points ( which can be exchanged for gift vouchers ) to pupils who bike to classes .
The Scottish Government has invested £ 10,000 in Sparks ' " pedals not petrol " campaign to help extend it across Edinburgh .
18 . It 's good for the heart
Cycling reduces the risk of heart disease , high blood pressure , obesity and diabetes .
Cycling at a reasonable pace can burn the energy supplied by a chocolate bar or a couple of alcoholic drinks ( about 300 calories ) , so a 15 - minute commute five times a week could burn 11 pounds of fat in a year .
Up the pace and stuff your face ....
19 .
It 's greener
With just a chain and a couple of cogs linking a rider 's legs to the wheels , hardly any effort goes to waste .
The energy efficiency of a bicycle has been estimated to be the equivalent of the average car doing 1,600 miles on a gallon of petrol .
20 .
It 's good for the soul
" Melancholy is incompatible with bicycling , " said the writer James E Starrs .
And there is a state of mind that can be achieved on a long bike ride , as one is lulled by the rhythm of pedalling , that no other activity can replicate .
" With the great speed , there are the subtle glide and sway of skating , something of the yacht 's rocking , a touch of the equestrian bounce , and a suggestion of flying , " reads an 1896 New York Times article on cycling .
" The effect of all this upon the mind is as wholesomely stimulating as is the exercise to the body . "
Ride of your life : Win Etape Caledonia places
We have a pair of entries worth a combined £ 108 to the Etape Caledonia on 17 May 2009 .
The 81 - mile cycle challenge takes place on closed roads in the stunning scenery of Highland Perthshire .
We will also give away a cycling jersey and cycling shorts .
To be in with a chance to win , go to www.independent .
co.uk / promo-competitions , enter the code " cycle " and answer the following question :
In which country will this year 's UCI Track cycling World Championships take place ?
Terms & Conditions :
Travel and accommodation expenses are not included .
Entrants must be aged 18 - 80 .
Closing date for the competition is midnight on 8 January .
The winner will be drawn at random from correct entries on 12 January .
The prize is non transferable and cannot be traded or exchanged for a cash alternative .
The editor 's decision is final .
All winners will be notified by phone or email .
Only one entry per household .
A full set of terms and conditions can be found online www.independent.co.uk/legal.
No purchase necessary .
As Vice President Biden warns of an “ uptick ” in casualties
Afghanistan civilians killed in US military raid
By Patrick O’Connor
26 January 2009
A US military raid in the eastern Afghanistan province of Laghman last Friday night resulted in the deaths of at least 16 civilians , including women and children , according to local residents .
Several Afghan officials , as well as President Hamid Karzai , backed reports of a massacre .
US military officials denied the allegations , insisting that their forces killed 15 people , all of whom were Taliban insurgents who had attacked the occupying forces .
Thousands of Afghans demonstrated yesterday in Mehtar Lam , the capital of Laghman province , despite heavy rain .
People chanted slogans against the US and President Karzai .
Protestors threw stones at the provincial governor who had reportedly tried to calm the crowd .
" I 'm ready to start jihad against the Americans , " one man told a Kabul television network .
Details of exactly what happened during the US military operation remain scant , with various sources providing different estimates of the casualties .
Elders in Guloch , a village 60 kilometres north - east of Kabul where the US raid took place , told the Associated Press they were ready to swear on the Koran that all those killed by US forces were civilians .
They insisted that the local residents were shepherds and had no ties to militant forces .
One elder , Malik Rahman Gul , told Reuters that 22 civilians were killed .
" Their bodies are on the ground , " he said .
" If you [ the Afghan government ] do not believe us , you have helicopters and you should come to the area and see that these are civilians . "
Provincial council head , Emadudin Abdulrahimzay , told Agence France Presse that 21 people were killed and their bodies were found at different locations .
" They were all civilians , including two women and two children , " he said .
Abdul Khaliq Hussaini , a parliamentarian who represents Laghman province , said he believed 16 people , 11 of them civilians , had been killed .
The provincial governor of eastern Laghman , Lutfullah Mashal , said he understood that US forces were responsible for the deaths of 10 civilians .
" We have sent a team to the area to investigate , but the preliminary reports show that 10 civilians were killed as well as three who might be Taliban , " he told Reuters .
Mashal complained that the operation had not been coordinated with any local government , police , or military officials .
As is now routine , the US military issued a blanket denial of reports of civilian casualties .
Eleven " militants " were killed by small arms fire , it said in a statement , while four others were killed by " precision air weapons " .
Military officials admitted that one of those killed was a woman , but insisted that she was shot after being seen carrying a rocket - propelled grenade .
US troops detained one person .
Foreign forces have killed at least 700 civilians in Afghanistan in the past 12 months , fuelling popular opposition to the US - NATO occupation .
The day before the Laghman province raid , a NATO soldier killed a man who was allegedly burying an explosive device near a military base in Gereshk district , 530 kilometres south - west of Kabul .
NATO spokesmen later admitted that an investigation revealed the man was a civilian and had not been carrying any explosives .
Another man was killed , and four others wounded , by NATO forces after they came under fire while on patrol in nearby Sagin district last Wednesday .
NATO later expressed its " regret " for the civilian casualties .
Washington 's puppet Karzai , facing re-election for president later this year , has had to distance himself from the increasingly bloody US - NATO military operations .
He released a statement that condemned the killings in Laghman province and refuted US denials of civilian casualties .
He said 16 civilians , including two women and three children , were killed .
The US raid was one of a series of violent incidents in recent days that underscore the increasingly fraught position of the occupying forces .
Resistance fighters fired rockets at a NATO base in north - eastern Kunar province on Friday but reportedly missed and hit a house , killing a girl and wounding two others .
In the southern Kandahar province , Taliban militants attacked a police post on Friday night , killing three policemen according to a local officer .
The Taliban claimed they killed 15 police .
Also on Friday , a roadside bomb hit a NATO and Afghan military convoy in western Farah province , killing an Afghan soldier and wounding five NATO troops .
On Saturday another roadside bomb killed a NATO soldier in southern Afghanistan .
The same day , a suicide bomber attacked a market in the eastern Paktia province , reportedly killing two civilians and wounding eight .
A Taliban spokesman claimed that an intelligence official and his agents were the targets .
The deteriorating situation confronting US and NATO forces has generated debate within Washington foreign policy circles over whether the Obama administration 's plan to nearly double the number of US ground forces in Afghanistan , deploying an additional 30,000 soldiers , will prove sufficient .
An article in the New York Times yesterday , " Obama 's War : Fearing Another Quagmire in Afghanistan " , asked : " Can President Obama succeed in that long - lamented ‘ graveyard of empires ' — a place that has crushed foreign occupiers for more than 2,000 years ?
...
Afghanistan has , after all , stymied would - be conquerors since Alexander the Great .
It 's always the same story ; the invaders — British , Soviets — control the cities , but not the countryside .
And eventually , the invaders do n't even control the cities , and are sent packing .
Think Iraq was hard ?
Afghanistan , former Secretary of State Colin Powell argues , will be ‘ much , much harder ’ . "
After citing various options advanced by different foreign policy and military analysts — including placing additional pressure on Karzai and reducing government corruption — the article indicated that additional troops would be required .
Karin von Hippel of the Center for Strategic and International Studies complained that there were only 200,000 foreign forces in Afghanistan , compared to 600,000 in Iraq .
" Those numbers [ in Afghanistan ] are so low that an extra 30,000 is n't going to get you to where you need to be , " she declared .
" It 's more of a stop - gap measure . "
The New York Times article forms part of a wider campaign to condition public opinion for a massive escalation in violence in Afghanistan and Central Asia .
The Laghman province killings — which come after the deaths of 18 people in a US air raid on Pakistan last Friday — point to the measures that will be used to suppress all opposition from ordinary people in the region .
US Vice President Joe Biden yesterday appeared on CBS 's " Meet the Press " and warned that the war in Afghanistan would soon intensify .
Asked if things were going to get " tougher " there before they got better , Biden replied , " That 's true " .
Then asked if more American casualties should be expected , he responded : " I hate to say it , but yes , I think , there will be .
There will be an uptick , because as the commander in Afghanistan said [ to me ] , ‘ Joe , we will get this done but we 're going to be engaging the enemy that much more ' . "
Biden 's remarks again demonstrate the chasm between the new administration 's intentions and the sentiments of the millions of ordinary people who voted for the Democrats in the hope that ousting the Republicans would put an end to Bush 's agenda of war and militarism .
Having promised " change " , President Obama is now pursuing the same central strategic goal of US imperialism which underpinned the former Bush administration 's so - called war on terror — the control of the vast energy resources in the Middle East and Central Asia and the shutting out of rival powers from the region .
最近 のBBCの記事で、中国 の「 50 セント軍団 」 ( 50 Cent Party , 50 Cent Army ) について触れられていた。日本ではあまり耳にしない名称だが、すでにWikipediaのエントリにもなっており、海外のブログ界ではそれなりに議論の対象となっているようである。
では50セント軍団というのは何かということだが、ようするに国からお金をもらってインターネット上でプロパガンダ活動をする人たちのことである。国内のみならず、海外の掲示板やニュースサイト、チャットルームにおいても、金主にとって都合の良い記事を書き込み、都合の悪い記事には反駁して、ネット世論を金主の望む方向へ誘導しようとする。もらうお金の額が一記事あたりアメリカで言う50セント程度の価値なので、こう呼ばれているようだ。日本円にすれば50円くらいの感覚だろうか。
日本の2ちゃんねるにも、企業や宗教などから金をもらってそこに都合の良いことを書き込む「工作員」というのがいるそうだが、50セント軍団はそれを国家の支援の下さらに大々的にやっているものと考えられる。何せ、ある推計によればその数は30万人にも及ぶというのである( Far East Economic Reviewの記事 ) 。2ちゃんねるの工作員など多くてもせいぜい数十人といったところだろうから、桁が違う。
まあ、モブとしての頭数をそろえるという以上に、50セントもらって書き込みするのをよろこんで仕事にする程度の人に正直どの程度プロパガンディストとしての力があるのか私にはよくわからないし(能力があればもっとマシな仕事に就けそうなものだ)、実のところ個人的には、この種の話はあらかた都市伝説に近いものと思っているのだが、今まではともかく今後に関して言えば、この種の動きはそろそろ潜在的からリアルな脅威へとなりつつあるような気もする。というのは、ネットの社会への影響力が、ここ数年で、活字やテレビといった旧来のメディアの影響力を上回ることはほぼ確実だからである。今まではネット上で何が話題になろうが所詮は子供部屋でのけんか程度に過ぎなかったが、これからは違う。とすれば、従来はオールドメディアを主戦場としていた世論操作のプロフェッショナルが、本気でネットに乗り出してくるのも時間の問題だろう。
昨年 、Diggの仕組みは案外情報操作に弱そうだという話を書いたが、別にDiggに限らずインターネットのアーキテクチャというのは、なんだかんだ言って利用者の善意と合理性を前提としているので、誰かがそれなりのコストをかけて本気で操作しようとした場合には、あっさり出来てしまう、というのが私の感覚である。それがあくまで一時的な事象で、事後的にでも工作が見破れればそれでいいのだが、残念ながら見破れるケースばかりとは限らないような気がする。むしろ、いったんネット上で力を得た言説というのは、いかにそれが後で間違っていることが指摘されようとも、どんどん再生産され、影響力を増していくことのほうが多いのではないだろうか。従来は紙媒体や電波媒体に最適化されていた情報操作の手法も、ネットに特化した形でいよいよ洗練されてくるはずだ。50セント軍団は中国の話だが、同じようなことを試みている組織や団体は、中国に限らず他にも数多く存在するのである。
ところで、私がこの種のことに関して懸念しているのは、まず第一に、疑心暗鬼が高じてネット上の情報への信頼が今まで以上に低下してしまうのではないか、ということである。一部が信頼できない情報は、すべてが信頼できない情報よりもたちが悪い。おまけに、私たちの多くにとって重要なテーマであればあるほど、情報を操作するインセンティヴは強まるはずである。一般的にはなんとなくネットは民意の集合体と思われているふしがある以上、これは危険な状況と言える。
嘘を嘘と見破れない人にネットを使うのは難しい、という有名なことばがあるが、実のところ嘘を見破るコストがある程度以上に高くなると、それは多くの人にとっては真実、あるいは少なくとも複数ある真実の一つにはなってしまう。そうなった場合、意志決定しろと言われても、結局はさいころを振って決めるのと大差ないものにならざるを得ない。それは読み手の怠慢でも何でもなく、当然の帰結であろう。
もう一つは、ネット上における匿名性を排斥する動きが、今まで以上に勢いを増すのではないかということだ。私自身は、ネット上におけるすべての表現活動を実名で行っているが、健全な言論空間の維持のためには、匿名での情報発信可能性の担保が欠かせないと確信している。しかし、ネット上では恣意的な情報操作が行われているという認識が一般的になれば、発信者の情報を常に開示せよという主張への一般からの支持は、従来よりもはるかに強まるだろう。仮に匿名による情報発信が法的に規制されるようなことになれば、それは中長期的には、ネットにおけるイノベーションの衰退をもたらすことになると私は考える。
Op - Ed : World trade collapses while Wall Street gets $ 18 billion bonus By By Paul Wallis Jan 29 , 2009 in Business By “ collapse ” , the IMF mean down by roughly 45 per cent .
So that ’s nearly half of the world ’s trade , in three months .
Is n’t that sweet ?
The IMF wants government action , mainly economic stimulus packages like the US .
The New York Times :
That was the sixth - largest haul on record , according to a report released Wednesday by the New York State comptroller .
While the payouts paled next to the riches of recent years , Wall Street workers still took home about as much as they did in 2004 , when the Dow Jones industrial average was flying above 10,000 , on its way to a record high .
Some bankers took home millions last year even as their employers lost billions .
Nice to know somebody ’s getting such recognition for destroying the US economy .
The only real surprise is Bin Laden has n’t yet been recognized as a public benefactor .
911 was actually a lot cheaper , in terms of cost benefits .
The great collapse , meanwhile , has trashed business to an unheard - of extent , as The bleak assessment , released early this morning , declares the global economy is in the grip of a " pernicious feedback loop " triggered by the collapse of credit and stock markets and warns there will be no recovery until governments take forceful action to restore confidence in financial markets .
" Downside risks continue to dominate , as the scale and scope of the current financial crisis have taken the global economy into uncharted waters , " the report says .
Falling share and property prices are forcing businesses and households to cut their spending , while new credit has been choked .
Hilarious , is n’t it ?
Just to make the payout to America ’s Least Wanted more interesting , nobody ’s too sure if the bailout money was or was n’t used for bonuses .
In keeping with the normal levels of competence which we ’ve all come to rely upon for chronic spiritual nausea , they do n’t seem to be able to track the money .
What a surprise .
The real joy is that these guys are socked into contracts which allow this kind of compulsive denial denominated in hard cash .
If anyone remembers when the legal profession had any credibility , executive contract law was always big bucks , and this is where the money went .
Law firms made billions writing these contracts , too .
Thanks to the Great Limp Wrist of American corporate and financial regulation , which is marginally less draconian than Quiet Time at the average kindergarten , not much is likely to get done about the bonuses .
There are rarely if ever any contractual obligations for non-performance .
If there were , they were probably written out long ago .
The joke is that the bonuses are actually down about 44 % from their peak , when all the corruption and asset shuffling were in full blast .
Those were the days , when you could securitize your garbage , sell it to Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac , and tell everybody what a genius you were .
Then you could go run over people in your sexual prosthesis , like a good gerbil .
So the moral of the story is “ Destroy world , get billion dollar bonuses . ”
Sounds familiar , does n’t it ?
As a matter of fact , with enabling legislation , spines , and perhaps some form of intellect , Congress could legislate these guys back into the Stone Age , and get some of the money back where it belongs , too .
There are no obstacles to that .
There is nothing preventing the administration from changing the rules as it sees fit .
There is no reason to tolerate this sheer parasitism .
There is no reason to reward the people responsible for this disaster .
If you steal a pair of shoes , you ’re legally understood to have committed a crime .
If you misrepresent every asset , decimate the nation ’s capital investment , and wipe out trillions of dollars worth of people ’s money , the net legal reaction is “ Um …. ” .
Maybe US law schools should teach subjects like basic business comprehension ?
The ability to use furniture ?
Being such nice lawyers that nobody has to put down newspaper when they enter buildings ?
Having some idea why there are supposed to be functional laws ?
Nah …
Where else could you find a “ legal system ” where this is possible ?
Not that anyone would notice in Happy Valley , aka Wall Street .
The world ’s most adorable financial morgue is still raking the cash in .
Nice to know somebody ’s getting such recognition for destroying the US economy .
The only real surprise is Bin Laden has n’t yet been recognized as a public benefactor .
911 was actually a lot cheaper , in terms of cost benefits .
The great collapse , meanwhile , has trashed business to an unheard - of extent , as The Australian describes the IMF report : Hilarious , is n’t it ?
Just to make the payout to America ’s Least Wanted more interesting , nobody ’s too sure if the bailout money was or was n’t used for bonuses .
In keeping with the normal levels of competence which we ’ve all come to rely upon for chronic spiritual nausea , they do n’t seem to be able to track the money .
What a surprise .
The real joy is that these guys are socked into contracts which allow this kind of compulsive denial denominated in hard cash .
If anyone remembers when the legal profession had any credibility , executive contract law was always big bucks , and this is where the money went .
Law firms made billions writing these contracts , too .
Thanks to the Great Limp Wrist of American corporate and financial regulation , which is marginally less draconian than Quiet Time at the average kindergarten , not much is likely to get done about the bonuses .
There are rarely if ever any contractual obligations for non-performance .
If there were , they were probably written out long ago .
The joke is that the bonuses are actually down about 44 % from their peak , when all the corruption and asset shuffling were in full blast .
Those were the days , when you could securitize your garbage , sell it to Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac , and tell everybody what a genius you were .
Then you could go run over people in your sexual prosthesis , like a good gerbil .
So the moral of the story is “ Destroy world , get billion dollar bonuses . ”
Sounds familiar , does n’t it ?
As a matter of fact , with enabling legislation , spines , and perhaps some form of intellect , Congress could legislate these guys back into the Stone Age , and get some of the money back where it belongs , too .
There are no obstacles to that .
There is nothing preventing the administration from changing the rules as it sees fit .
There is no reason to tolerate this sheer parasitism .
There is no reason to reward the people responsible for this disaster .
If you steal a pair of shoes , you ’re legally understood to have committed a crime .
If you misrepresent every asset , decimate the nation ’s capital investment , and wipe out trillions of dollars worth of people ’s money , the net legal reaction is “ Um …. ” .
Maybe US law schools should teach subjects like basic business comprehension ?
The ability to use furniture ?
Being such nice lawyers that nobody has to put down newspaper when they enter buildings ?
Having some idea why there are supposed to be functional laws ?
Nah …
Where else could you find a “ legal system ” where this is possible ?
This opinion article was written by an independent writer .
The opinions and views expressed herein are those of the author and are not necessarily intended to reflect those of DigitalJournal.com More about World trade collapse , Imf , Wall street bonuses
More news from world trade collapse imf wall street bonuses
Unfälle Lkw im Gleitflug , Auto im Kirchendach
In Unterfranken hat ein Autofahrer mit seinem Pkw unfreiwillig einen spektakulären Kurzflug absolviert : Der alkoholisierte Mann schoss über eine Straße auf einen Bahndamm , wurde von dort auf das Dach einen Sportheimes katapultiert .
Many are cutting back on unnecessary holiday spending this year , but one item they ’re not willing to do without is the perfect Christmas tree .
When it comes to wreaths they try to save some green by going green .
Americans do n’t appear to be ready to give up their Christmas trees amid a slumping economy , but they are downsizing to save money .
There may be fewer presents under that Christmas tree this year , but it seems few families are giving up the tradition of having a tree .
Retail sales dip to the lowest in 35 years and unemployment hit a 14 - year high , Christmas tree sales however holding steady in the gloom , according to growers , sellers and industry analysts .
Sales will stay in line with last year , based on reports from growers .
I think people just like to have a Christmas tree ; it ’s not the most expensive part of Christmas , really .
Last year , Americans bought 31 million natural trees , “ The year may end up the same or even a little better than last year , consumers want to keep the tradition , even if other things go by the wayside , ” says Linda Gragg , executive director of the North Carolina Christmas Tree Association .
Linda
Holt bought a tree this year even though she lost her job last year repairing speech devices for the hearing - impaired .
Her unemployment checks ran out in March .
“ I ca n’t imagine Christmas without a tree , ” says Holt , 52 , who lives with her daughter ’s family in San Jose .
“ It ’s too depressing . ”
Read
Retailers ordered fewer trees from growers because of the economy , then ran out and had to order more .
Most people say “ It would n’t be Christmas in our house without a Christmas tree and it has to be a live Christmas tree . ”
Although consumers are buying cheaper ones , it ’s been a tradition for as long as I can remember to make the annual trek to a nearby tree lot .
QR Code Link to This Post
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
- pack of napkins - can of vegetables ( you choose the vegetable ) - robin hood : men in tights dvd- half used glade candle - fresh linen scent - bottle of lemon - lime gatorade ( unopened ! ) - 19 ziploc sandwich bags - pack of tube socks - box of 63 crayons ( missing cadet blue ) - bag of pogs - " chicken soup for the horse lover 's soul II " book - black belt ( not a karate belt ) - 60 watt light bulb - home - made play dough - button with a picture of a chicken saying " where 's the beef ? " - button with a picture of a cow saying " where 's the chicken ? " - bag of ranch corn nutsif you are interested in trading your macbook for any of the previously listed items please email me .
thank you !
But in other ways the two cities are worlds apart these days .
El Paso still enjoys its status as one of the safest cities in the United States , while Juárez , a city of 1.5 million that has always been rough , has become a battleground for drug cartels .
More than 1,550 people were killed there in drug wars last year .
Worse , other violent crimes  carjacking , extortion , armed robbery  have surged as the beleaguered authorities struggle to respond to daily gun battles .
“ It ’s strange to be the third - safest city in the United States right next to a war zone , ” said Mayor John Cook of El Paso , as he gazed at the ramshackle neighborhoods of Juárez .
Yet what is happening on the other side of the border  a vicious turf battle prompted by Mexican government efforts to crack down on the cartels  is taking its toll here in myriad ways .
Americans have cut back on visiting their relatives in Mexico , and Mexicans , too , venture to the American side in smaller numbers , either because they are afraid to leave their homes at night or because they lack money .
The local public hospital in El Paso has treated 48 people wounded in gun battles in Mexico in the last year , and law enforcement officials in the United States spend much of their time trying to figure out how to prevent the violence from spilling over into their jurisdictions .
Bill Watterson and “ Calvin and Hobbes ” are two of the primary reasons I started making comics .
Those of you who donate or subscribe to The Vault , have seen my earlier attempts to emulate his work ( “ it ’s like Calvin and Hobbes but with a robot instead of a tiger ! ” ) .
I do n’t know of a cartoonist that does n’t list Watterson in his top three influences , so I wo n’t bore you with my treatise on how his work sparked my young imagination and ignited a lifelong love of comic strips and cartooning .
I bet he would n’t be too thrilled with me aping his style to make a Joss Whedon / Serenity reference , nor would I be shocked if he did n’t get said reference .
I always looked forward to his snowman strips because they straddled a line between childlike innocence and subversion .
I guess that same can be said for the whole of “ Calvin and Hobbes , ” but those particular strips ( along with Spaceman Spiff ) resonated loudly with me .
My favorite was the snowmen looking on in horror after another snowman had been hit by Dad ’s car .
Calvin ’s Dad was a patent attorney .
“ The More You Knoooow ! ”
We 're all a bit bored by the PSP at this point , and the PS3 has failed to impress us much lately as well .
But with a few minor tweaks , we'd be blown away by both .
Advertisement
Sony just asked its customers what they want in the next PSP .
Well here 's what we want in our next PSP , and most of it 's doable through software alone .
Advertisement
Get Remote Play Working , Standard
Remote Play promised to allow gamers to play PS3 games through the internet on their PSPs .
Brilliant !
And it was actually implemented in a game PS3 called Lair ... and then basically nothing else .
You can find Remote Play in a handful of downloadable PS3 titles , but it 's far from a standard offering , and basically does n't exist in the world of AAA releases .
But just think —
Remote Play would lessen the PSP 's need for original titles — something Sony has n't been able to secure as of late — and promote loyalty to the PS3 since its games would be playable from anywhere .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Make the PSP the Ultimate Blu-ray Remote
If there 's one thing you can't fault the PS3 for , it 's the machine 's excellent Blu-ray playback .
So why not make the PSP the unequivocal best Blu-ray remote ever ?
Not only could you use the PSP for basic functions , but a little programming savvy could stream entire BD features to your hands .
Imagine the use of a Wi -Fi enabled second screen from the PSP with streaming audio support .
You could watch a movie with a friend and decide that just you would turn on the audio commentary for a scene ( through headphones ) , while viewing some extra production stills ( on your secondary display ) .
Hey , we 'd settle for a submenu on the PSP 's screen , even .
Give Us a PSOne - to - PSP Ripping Tool
Offer us a tool to rip PSOne games on the PS3 in order to be transferred to the PSP .
They can wrap them in DRM and charge us $ 5 each time we rip a game , and we 'd still do it .
While we'd say the same for PS2 titles , we realize that PSP processors probably could n't handle the software emulation load .
PSOne games , though ?
Definitely .
Advertisement
Display Hints and Walkthroughs That Sync with PS3
Easy money for Sony — license out the option to make PS3 walkthroughs for the PSP .
The strategy guide company does all the work , creating the text file ( already on hand from their publications ) and some basic syncing cues from , I dunno , saved game files or scripts .
We 're sure if enough money was exchanged between all involved parties , something could be figured out that 's not so resource intensive that it is n't worth their while .
Our Only Hardware Revision : Add a Second Analog Stick Already
Look Sony , you were wrong , just give in .
Screw backwards compatibility and add the second analog stick to make the PSP essentially interchangeable with the Dual Shock 3 / SIXAXIS .
Just as that second analog stick has held back PSP developers , it 's also limited Remote Play functionality and the option to use the PSP as a premium controller .
The hardware is holding back the software , but not in a " we just need stronger processors " way .
It 's a simple fix .
PSP loyalists might complain , but trust us , they 're complaining more that their controls are gimped .
( Oh , and Bluetooth would be a runner up for greater connectivity options . )
Advertisement
Do All of the Above , Then Sell a PS3 / PSP Bundle
The PS3 has already lost the game machine war .
But it 's still a contender as a premium home theater machine .
Offer users a deal in which they can pick up a PS3 along with a PSP .
Upsell the PSP as a remote , a second screen , and a media streamer ( as opposed to a bulky PMP with a crappy game catalog ) .
Civil government , so far as it is instituted for the security of property , is in reality instituted for the defence of the rich against the poor , or of those who have some property against those who have none at all .
Dec. 16 , 2008 --
Older people may be less likely to remember emotionally negative things because the brain works differently as it ages , according to a new study .
A new study used brain imaging technology to see how participants ' brains were working when they were exposed to images -- some negative and some neutral .
While in the MRI ( magnetic resonance imaging ) machine , participants ranked each image on a pleasantness scale .
Negative images included things like mutilated bodies and attacking snakes .
Participants were later asked to recall the images .
Neuroscientists looked at how the brain reacted during exposure to the images -- and then examined how that brain activity correlated with recall .
Half of the 30 participants were young ( average age 24 ) and half were old ( average age 70 ) .
All were women .
The study was published in Psychological Science .
Researchers from the Duke University Medical Center found that younger women were more likely than older women to recall negative images .
In both groups , there was greater memory of negative images than neutral images .
Although memory of negative images was linked to activity in the brain region involved in emotional memory ( the amygdala ) , there were differences in the connectivity between the two age groups .
Older adults had more connectivity of the right amygdala ; the younger group had more of the left amygdala .
Older adults also has less connectivity between the amygdala and other memory areas of the brain such as the hippocampus , but increased connectivity with a different area of the brain .
" Perhaps at different stages of life , there are different brain strategies , " Roberto Cabeza , senior author and Duke professor in the Center for Cognitive Neuroscience , says in a news release .
" Younger adults might need to keep an accurate memory for both positive and negative information in the world .
Older people dwell in a world with a lot of negatives , so perhaps they have learned to reduce the impact of negative information and remember in a different way . "
: : : : : : : : : :
When I wrote my wish list for Obama , I did mention the necessity for the US to join the Rome Statute for the International Criminal Court .
Now stories are coming up , or are being reported again after the election hubbub dies down , that makes subjecting the Bush Administration to the scrutiny of the ICC imperative .
During Bush ’s “ war on terror ” some 20’000 mostly muslim men vanished from the face of the earth , probably to find themselves victims of extraordinary rendition in a torture cell in some remote part of the globe .
Robert Fisk , the most reputable source on all things Middle East writes in an article on Bush ’s legacy and Obama :
There is just one little problem , though , and that ’s the “ missing ” prisoners .
Not the victimswho have been ( still are being ? ) tortured in Guantanamo , but the thousands who have simply disappeared into US custody abroad or – with American help – into the prisons of US allies .
Some reports speak of 20,000 missing men , most of them Arabs , all of them Muslims .
Where are they ?
Can they be freed now ?
Or are they dead ?
If Obama finds that he is inheriting mass graves from George W Bush , there will be a lot of apologising to do .
( read more )
Mass graves .
The treatment of prisoners by the American and Iraqi military deserves another hard look as well .
Especially the torture of children , juveniles , the rape of women and girls have not yet received the attention needed to highlight the necessity of further criminal investigation .
Sherwood Ross from MWC news is making a case that is hard to read , it is so upsetting :
Since it invaded Iraq in 2003 , the U.S. has detained thousands of juveniles — some of whom were tortured and sexually abused , according to published reports .
Figures of the number of children behind bars vary .
Some estimates put the number as high as 6,000 .
( read more )
Bush and Cheney et.al. have to be held accountable for their actions .
I want to see them in dock , like Karadzic and Taylor .
I want them tried in The Hague and the Obama Administration can pave the way by signing the Rome Statute .
QR Code Link to This Post
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
Cannabis intended for recreational consumption comes in several different grades ranging in price from $ 10 a pound for compressed bricks of seedy Mexican hemp flowers purchased near the source up to $ 3,500 a pound for manicured colas grown indoors by farmers who produce small crops .
That same $ 3,500 pound can be sold to consumers for up to $ 25 a gram , meaning that pound 's street value if sold by the gram is in the neighborhood of $ 11,000 .
But , the case in point is the series of raids this summer , which authorities claimed netted 138 pounds of cannabis from 340,000 plants .
Since they raided in August , the plants they took were immature , not yet having set their flowering tops or colas , the portion of the plant used as a drug , and at least half would have been male plants that produce nothing .
Had those plants , which represent less than 10 percent of the county 's entire crop , survived to maturity they would have yielded somewhere in the neighborhood of three - quarters to one pound per plant or about 150,000 total pounds of low - to mid-grade cannabis which would have been valued at something like $ 500 to $ 1,000 a pound depending on how far east it was sold and in what quantities for an estimated net sale price of conservatively $ 75,000,000 .
Factor in the percentage of undetected crops and we see the county 's illicit outdoor cannabis crop can conservatively be valued at $ 750 million in initial sales .
End -user sales and indoor gardens would raise this number considerably , and it would not be unreasonable to place a value of Tulare County 's current cannabis industry at $ 1 billion , all of it untaxed .
Let me isolate that statement for effect :
Think about that when you read we cannot afford to fund rural health clinics or that our schools are in need of repair or that we can't afford rural fire stations or if you live along or must drive ill - maintained county roads or if you 're one of the thousands of unemployed or are affected by that unemployment or if you or one of your family members is considered an outlaw because they use cannabis or if you think it 's wrong to destroy Yokohl Valley in the hopes of generating a tenth the revenue cannabis could provide the moment it is legalized .
We are starving to death and considering cannibalism while surrounded by delectable fruits hanging from the vine and ripe for the picking .
That 's genuine Reefer Madness .
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - Worms that can survive with almost no oxygen are teaching scientists how to rescue oxygen - starved cells in humans who suffer a heart attack or stroke , U.S. researchers said on Thursday .
They identified a gene that can help a cell slow down when oxygen levels get too low , protecting the cells from making fatal mistakes while starved of oxygen .
Researchers hope that some day drugs can be designed to help human cells survive without oxygen .
“ In stroke and heart attack , cells die because they lack oxygen , ” said Dr. Michael Crowder of Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis , whose study appears in the journal Science .
“ We ’re trying to find novel approaches to understanding why cells die in low - oxygen conditions , ” Crowder said in a telephone interview .
Crowder ’s team used genetic engineering techniques on worms called Caenorhabditis elegans to find genes that help them survive better with little oxygen .
They identified a gene that they could “ turn down ” in the worms and help them survive with little oxygen .
Normal worms all died when exposed to the same conditions .
The researchers think interfering with this gene , found in the mitochondria , or powerhouse of the cells , may protect the cells by putting them into a kind of hibernation so they do not need as much oxygen .
In a second experiment , the team also interfered with how genes fold proteins , making them into the shapes they need to function best .
Improperly folded proteins can die , and low - oxygen environments have been linked with high levels of unfolded proteins .
The researchers found that slowing down the cell also helps stop the damage caused by faulty proteins .
The next step for the team is to see if the same approach can help protect nerve cells in mammals .
“ If that happens , then I think there is hope that , eventually , we could target this process for therapy , ” Crowder said .
Coleman ’s shrinking lead , combined with a state Supreme Court decision handed down Thursday , has heightened the chances that Franken could end up winning .
| Composite image by POLITICO Coleman leads Franken by just 2 votes
Two votes are all that stands between Minnesota Republican Sen. Norm Coleman and Democrat Al Franken , according to the Associated Press tally in the state ’s still - unresolved Senate race .
Coleman ’s shrinking lead , combined with a state Supreme Court decision handed down Thursday , has suddenly heightened the prospects that Franken , who has trailed in every count since Election Night , could end up winning the seat after all the votes are counted .
Advertisement
Thursday ’s court ruling dealt a blow to Coleman , who had filed suit to prevent rejected absentee ballots from being counted , but Republicans took solace in the court ’s order to establish a uniform standard for sorting and counting those absentee ballots .
Either way , the decision makes it likely the race will remain undecided until next year .
After nearly seven weeks of ballot - counting , partisan attacks and court hearings , the State Canvassing Board had hoped to certify a winner by the end of this week .
But with hundreds of ballots still to be recounted and now , thanks to Thursday ’s court ruling , more absentee ballots to be counted , that prospect is virtually impossible .
Secretary of State Mark Ritchie , who chairs the five - member board , said Thursday that it may not finish ruling on disputed ballots until Dec. 30 because of a recent influx of new challenges brought by the Coleman campaign .
After that , the eventual loser is expected to seek to overturn the outcome through litigation once the election tally is eventually certified .
But after trailing by 215 votes on Election Night and remaining behind in the recount , Franken ’s campaign had renewed optimism Thursday after the board reviewed and ruled on many of the ballots disputed by Coleman .
Coleman ’s lead had dwindled to five votes by the end of the day , according to the Minneapolis Star - Tribune ’s unofficial count , which includes all of the ballots challenged by Franken and ruled upon by the state ’s Canvassing Board and some of the more than 800 challenges brought by the Coleman campaign .
So far , the board has ruled on 887 disputed ballots with another 379 Coleman challenges scheduled to be taken up Friday .
Former Republican Minnesota congressman Vin Weber did n’t expect a clear result to emerge for some time .
“ It 's very complicated , and the lead may well go back and forth more than once , ” said Weber .
“ Franken could lead tonight , but it wo n't mean much . ”
With today ’s court ruling , it appears Franken will also eventually net more votes once the rejected absentee ballots are included in the certified count , because absentee voters tend to skew in the Democrats ’ favor in Minnesota .
As many as 1,600 ballots could fall in the mistakenly rejected absentee ballot category .
The court ruled that both campaigns must meet with Secretary of State Mark Ritchie and county election officials to establish a uniform standard for identifying the rejected absentee ballots .
The Coleman campaign had argued that counting the absentee ballots is unconstitutional because different counties have been using different standards in deciding whether to count the ballots .
“ It ’s a sign they ’re worried about those absentee ballots .
The fact that they have challenged more ballots than Franken is another sign that they ’re concerned about holding the lead and now very actively scouring for every vote they can find , ” said Carleton College political science professor Steve Schier .
“ They ’re no longer complacent about their lead at all . ”
The Franken campaign argued that excluding the absentee ballots would disenfranchise hundreds of voters .
Then there is the issue of duplicate ballots , yet another matter before the board .
Coleman ’s campaign is concerned that as many as 150 ballots were accidentally counted twice during the recount process .
The dispute revolves around damaged ballots , for which election officials created duplicates so they could be processed through the counting machines .
Both the original and duplicated ballots are supposed to be kept together .
The Coleman campaign does n’t have any evidence that votes were counted twice , but it points to precincts where the number of recounted votes was larger than the original Election Night number .
Before the board can rule on the issue , it must determine whether it even has jurisdiction to make a ruling .
Either way , more litigation is all but certain .
Coleman ’s campaign already has disputed the decision to include 133 ballots in the recount that appear to have missing from a heavily Democratic Minneapolis precinct .
The ballots were originally counted on Election Night , and the canvassing board has agreed to revert to the precinct ’s pre-recount tally .
“ Litigation is inevitable , ” said Schier .
“ If Franken loses — he ’ll argue legitimate votes were not counted .
If Coleman loses , he ’ll argue illegitimate votes were counted . ”
We still have availability to take advantage of the $ 25 K home builder grant for eligible home buyers *
Limited site starts available , so secure your spot today !
* Terms and condition apply
View More
[ From Christoph J. Landers ]
Hi Sammy , People on the internet are talking a lot about the Palm - Apple - Patent - showdown , and I just wanted to share my opinion on the matter with fellow Palm - users .
I love PalmAddict , and read it quite a lot ( it 's one of the few blogs on the internet that I actually read at least once a day ) .
Good Job .
It 's fun to read the comments iPhone - users made about the Palm Pre .
Particularly how it 's just a cheap imitation that rips - off their beloved device .
More importantly , that the Pre Palm blatantly steals from Apple , and Palm should be sued .
The question - of course - these iPhone - people should ask themselves is this : how stupid do you think Palm is ? -
Sure one of the goals of Palm is to find the holes in Apple 's newly granted patents ... but that 's the way the game is played : if you are able to pass through a hole in someone 's description of their IP than that is your right .
You may even patent that hole yourself .
To give an example ...
In Apple 's patent it is stated that : " In some embodiments , in addition to the touch screen , the device 100 may include a touchpad ( not shown ) for activating or deactivating particular functions .
In some embodiments , the touchpad is a touch - sensitive area of the device that , unlike the touch screen , does not display visual output .
The touchpad may be a touch - sensitive surface that is separate from the touch screen 112 or an extension of the touch - sensitive surface formed by the touch screen . "
[ Read more ]
AppleInsider pointed out that " Interestingly , this is a feature Palm is already touting about its upcoming Pre handset .
According to Palm 's press release : " [ The Pre has a ] gesture area , which enables simple , intuitive gestures for navigation . "
The gesture area is separate from the touch screen . "
[ Read more ]
i Phone -users are eager to point out that Palm is in violation of the Apple patent .
But they are wrong .
They are wrong simply because Apple presented a hole , and Palm decided to use that : the patent clearly states that the touchpad ' does not display visual output ' .
So what did Palm do ? -
They created a gesture area that DOES display a visual output : if you touch it , it lights up ( this was clearly said by Palm during their introduction of the Pre , and you can see it on some of the demos on YouTube ) .
Light is visual , and it is an output .
So when we compare it to Apple 's patent the question rises : " is this a touch - sensitive area that is separate from the touch screen and does not display a visual output ? " - for if it is , then Palm 's gesture area is illegal .
The answer is simple : no .
Yes it 's touch - sensitive , and yes it 's separate from the touch screen , but no , it is not NOT display visual output .
And that means that Apple 's lawyers will have a hard time proving that this is still part of Apple 's IP .
My guess is , that Palm has spend a lot of time on finding the holes in Apple 's patent ( proposal ) and has spend even more time on playing with the holes in it .
And from the looks of it , Palm did a great job ... and these iPhone - people know it , and that 's what they are most afraid of .
With the recently launched WordPress 2.7 , bloggers now marvel at how clean , beautiful and usable is the new interface .
But do you remember what it used to be a couple of months ago ?
For those who started using WordPress years ago , can you remember what your admin area looked like ?
Since I have an archive of all versions of WordPress on my development computer for function implementation historical purpose , I thought it could be fun and interesting to install them all and get reminded of what we used to use .
Ready for five years of UI evolution , from 0.7.1 in 2003 to 2.7 in 2008 ?
Let 's go !
WordPress 0.7.1 ( May 2003 )
The first version of WordPress had a clunky manual install procedure with a bloated b2 config .
php file , where you had to edit a bunch of stuff .
The landing page of wp - admin was directly the " Write Post " : no dashboard in those ages of prehistoric blogging , no emphasis of satellite tasks such as managing comments .
You could only assign one category to a post .
Simple interface , simple menus with no sub-menu .
The page where you would manage users was called " Team " which I find interesting .
WordPress 1.0.1 ( January 2004 )
Weeee , the WordPress version I began playing with !
A major maturity step had been made with this version : the genuine concise wp - config .
php as we still now it , almost unchanged .
This is when WordPress was really born and quitted from being a half baked B2 fork .
The whole interface already looks like to what it 's going to be for a couple of years .
You can notice that this version introduced the ability to assign an arbitrary number of categories to a post ( which was precisely what caught my interest at this time )
I remember the default look , still available as " classic " , getting a lot criticism at this time .
WordPress 1.2 ( May 2004 )
Not a lot of change in the design , but still a revolution in the coding world : notice in the admin menu an new entry , labelled … " Plugins " .
Oh my .
Now this is getting seriously fun .
WordPress 1.5 ( February 2005 )
This version introduced a menu logic that was going to last pretty long : top level links with submenus ( precisely what enticed me to make the Admin Drop Down Menu plugin a few months later )
Not sure why the logo is all messed up on my screenshot , I 'm pretty sure it was n't like this back in the days :)
Major change in the blogging philosophy : now with " Pages " , not just " Posts " .
Major change in the coding philosophy : the menu " Template " is now labelled " Presentation " and gives access to …
Themes !
Themes , shipped with " Kubrick " ( still known as " default " ) was probably the feature that really launched WordPress as an ubiquitous platform with an ever growing community .
This version also brings the beginnings of a dashboard .
Nothing was using AJAX so things were rather slowed down when it would fetch news from the dev blog or the planet .
A few months later , WordPress 1.5.1 shows a slight variation in the layout : no more WordPress logo and light grey page background .
WordPress 2.0 ( December 31 , 2005 )
Just in time for the party , say hello to the " big blue header " .
The Write Post interface got a major overhaul : a real WYSIWYG editor , and movable / expandable items to make yourself comfortable and put oftenly use features on top of the page ( aka " above the fold " )
Notice the " Import " menu : while importing from other platforms such as Blogger or MovableType was a feature since 1.0 , it got more proeminent in this release .
" Take over the world " ?
WordPress 2.1 ( January 2007 )
Nothing much on the top of the iceberg .
Visible changes in this version : " Links " renamed " Blogroll " , " Comments " gets its own menu .
The Dashboard gets a pretty much needed AJAX enhancement , allowing for faster loading .
WordPress 2.3 ( September 2007 )
Right below the main textarea , you 'll notice a new little feature : " Tags " appeared in this version , with huge impacts on the DB architecture that for once broke quite a few themes during the upgrade .
WordPress 2.5 ( March 2008 )
The " DO NOT WANT " release : an attempt to reorganize the user interface that was , in my opinion , a major failure .
Admin links spread in 4 different locations all over the place , half of the information " below the fold " for maximum scrolling , menu links renamed with no logic and a washed out look .
If you ask me , I hated this release , UI wise .
The Dashboard got a rework , and it started to become more customizable and usable instead of a rather useless static page .
WordPress 2.6 ( September 2008 ? )
Two little new features show in the screenshot : a word count in the Write Post interface ( wow ) and the " Turbo " link for using Google Gears .
WordPress 2.7 ( December 2008 )
" Hey , wait a minute , is it the same platform ?
Everything looks so different ! "
Now that 's a redesign I like .
The dev team asked users what they wanted and what they liked , and the result is light years beyond what the design studio produced for 2.5 six months earlier .
One word to summarize it all : " Above the fold ! " .
The Dashboard is much more useful now and is a page from where you can interact with your blog , instead of just reading information .
Now what ?
So far , UI wise , 2.7 is the best release to date , with , at last , a real menu where any page is reachable from any other page .
I hope that the next major release wo n't change everything in the layout once again , and I do have the feeling that this design will last some time .
Kenyan police say the half - brother of President Barack Obama has been arrested for alleged possession of marijuana .
Area police chief Joshua Omokulongolo told the Associated Press George Obama was picked up today and was being held at the Huruma police post in the capital .
Omokulongolo said officers found one joint of marijuana on him .
" He is not a drug peddler ...
But it 's illegal , it 's a banned substance , " Omokulongolo said .
He is due to appear in court on Monday morning .
George Obama and the president had the same father , who died in a car crash in 1982 , but barely know each other .
CNN said George Obama , speaking from behind bars at the jail where he was being held , denied the allegations .
" They took me from my home , " he told a correspondent for the network .
" I do n't know why they are charging me . "
George Obama is the youngest child of Barack Senior , the Kenyan economist who was briefly married to the president 's mother , Ann Dunham , while living in Hawaii as an overseas student .
George , aged 25 , was tracked down last year by the Italian edition of Vanity Fair living in a 6 ft by 9ft shack on the outskirts of Nairobi .
He told the magazine that he was so ashamed of his impoverished circumstances , living on less than a dollar a month , that he never mentions the fact that his half - brother could soon become the most powerful person on earth .
However , he later told the Associated Press : " I 'm proud of how I live .... ( The media ) are tarnishing the family name . "
He also said he was studying to be a mechanic and works with a local youth group in Huruma .
Several of President Obama 's Kenyan relatives went to Washington DC , for his inauguration , but George was not among them .
In President Obama 's book " Dreams From My Father , " he describes George Obama as " a handsome , roundheaded boy with a wary gaze . "
I have met and heard the tragic stories of many parents .
PA is a function , by and large , of a custodial ex-partner , although some alienation can start while the couple is still together .
This blog is a story of experiences and observations of dysfunctional Family Law ( FLAW ) , an arena pitting parent against parent , with children as the prize .
Due to the gender bias in Family Law , that I have observed , this Blog has evolved from a focus solely on PA to one of the broader Family / Children 's Rights area and the impact of Feminist mythology on Canadian Jurisprudence and the Divorce Industry .
Uncrewed drones have become popular with armed forces around the world and they are tricky to defend against , but a truck - mounted laser that can shoot them down could dilute their usefulness ( Image : Boeing )
Uncrewed aerial vehicles are “ revolutionary ” technology that America must invest more in .
Not the military ’s view , but that of President Obama in a statement on his defence priorities .
But a technology designed to make UAVs history is already showing promise – aerospace firm Boeing reports that their prototype truck - mounted laser has shot down a UAV at a missile range in New Mexico .
Uncrewed aircraft are powerful tools because they remove pilots from harm ’s way and because they can be built smaller than conventional spy or combat planes , making them harder to knock out of the sky .
Advertisement
UAVs come in all shapes and sizes : from the hand - launched Aerovironment Raven surveillance plane to the small airliner - sized Global Hawk .
Track and destroy
The Laser Avenger is an infrared laser with power levels somewhere in the tens of kilowatts range mounted on a Humvee off - road vehicle .
It is designed to take down the smaller variety of UAV , which are hardest for conventional air - defence weapons to target .
The power of its laser has been doubled since 2007 , when it was shown off destroying a stationary improvised bomb .
Now it has tracked three small UAVs – the exact model has not been given – and shot one of them down .
The laser tracks an object and holds fire until the target is close enough for it to cause burning with a single blast .
Late last year , an airborne laser carried by a modified 747 destroyed its first target , albeit from the ground , using an IR laser in the megawatt range .
Marc Selinger , a Boeing spokesman based in Crystal City , Virginia , wo n’t say at what distance this was achieved , saying it was “ an operationally relevant range ” .
The feat is all the more important , he says , because the tracking was achieved against the complex , cluttered visual background of the New Mexico mountains and desert scenery .
Defence boost
The Laser Avenger is a modified version of an existing US Army air defence system that uses two Stinger missile launchers and a heavy machine gun , with one missile pod swapped for the laser and its target tracker .
“ If funded by the Pentagon , the Laser Avenger could be available within a year , ” says Selinger .
Boeing has so far funded the project itself .
Surface to air missiles designed to target normal - sized aircraft struggle to lock onto small , light , UAVs sometimes made from plastics rather than metal , Nick Brown , editor - in - chief of the journal International Defence Review told New Scientist .
“ Lasers are a natural extension of their capability . ”
Firing a laser multiple times would also be cheaper than firing many missiles , and could continue as long as power can be supplied .
However , Brown ’s colleague Peter Felstead , editor of Jane ’s Defence Weekly , says the first battlefield lasers will not have UAVs in their sights .
“ Laser weapons are more likely to be fielded first to counter rockets and mortars , and that capability is not that far away , ” he says .
California State Controller John Chiang
The state of California has run out of money .
Facing a $ 42 billion budget deficit , State Controller John Chiang told the Sacramento
Bee he has already borrowed $ 21.5 billion to try to cover the state 's checks , but by Feb .
1 , there will be no more options left but to simply stop paying some of the bills – including tax refunds , welfare checks , student grants and other payments owned to California citizens .
" It pains me to pull this trigger , " Chiang said at a news conference held in his office .
" But it is an action that is critically necessary . "
Federal law requires that many school and health - care programs – a total of about $ 6.6 billion in California – must be paid , the Los Angeles Times reports , so Chiang has announced an expected payment freeze on $ 3.7 billion worth of the state 's bills , most of it refunds owed to taxpayers .
TRENDING : Alleged attacker behind carnage at pro-Trump event linked to ' Caravan 4 Justice ' group
But even with the freeze beginning next week , the Times reports , California will still fall $ 346 million short for the month of February , forcing Chiang to consider something only done once since the Great Depression : issuing IOUs .
Formally called " registered warrants , " the state 's IOUs consist of little more than a piece of paper that says the state owes a payee money , plus interest , to be paid at some point in the future .
The last time California issued registered warrants was in 1992 , during two - month budget battle between then - Gov. Pete Wilson and the state 's legislators .
But after the state issued almost $ 4 billion worth of IOUs , many banks stopped accepting them as deposits , claiming the five percent interest did n't pay for the hassle of processing them .
The Times reports that state officials have already designed an IOU template for February and begun negotiating with banks to avoid a repeat of 1992 's problems .
Beth Mills , a spokeswoman for the California Bankers Association , however , told the Bee that the group 's members still have " a lot of technical and operational questions we 're trying to get some resolution on " about IOUs .
For now , state officials are hoping that Chiang 's promised payment freezes can delay the budget crisis long enough for Gov. Schwarzenegger and the Legislature to find a solution .
Among the $ 3.7 billion in payments Chiang has targeted to freeze include $ 1.91 billion in personal income tax refunds , $ 205 million in court operations , $ 122 million scheduled to help counties with welfare administration , $ 13 million in student aid and over $ 700 million in aid to various disabled and needy groups .
State officials also got a glimmer of hope last week when they learned that more than $ 11 billion of President Obama 's $ 825 billion economic stimulus plan may land in California 's coffers .
RELATED : New laws toughen rules on abortions , illegals , voters
" This takes a big bite out of the state 's budget gap , " Jean Ross , executive director of the California Budget Project , told the Times .
" It is better news than many of us had anticipated . "
Assembly Speaker Karen Bass , D - Los Angeles , however , warned that lawmakers can't rely on Washington to fix the problem .
" We have to make really horrible cuts , and we have to raise revenue , " Bass told the Times .
" We are just hoping whatever we get will help us avoid deeper cuts . "
If the cuts are n't deep enough , California may be forced to consider issuing the IOUs .
Continued borrowing , Chiang said , is not an option .
" We are the eighth largest economy , " Chiang said , speaking of California 's rank among the world 's nations , were it an independent country .
But comparing it to other states , he said , " We have the 50th or we are tied for last in the credit ratings .
We are a world economic power , but we have fiscal mismanagement in this state . "
If you 'd like to sound off on this issue , please take part in the WorldNetDaily poll .
Sigh .
Yeah , that 's right .
Sigh .
Two years ago , almost to the day , I wrote a piece about the world 's bizarre insistence on marrying me off , prompted by three separate incidents in which strangers chuckled at my shambling incompetence and suggested that what I needed was a proper sorting out , which could only arrive in the form of a wife .
Cue much indignant spluttering on my part .
For one thing , how did these strangers instinctively know I was n't already married ?
Even gargoyles get hitched , sometimes .
And for another , I did n't actually want a wife , thanks for asking .
Nothing beats living alone .
Why shackle yourself to a fellow human being for the rest of your days ?
Because you 're in love ?
Do n't be a wuss .
That 'll fade after a few years and all you 'll be left with is a walking catalogue of tiny , grating quirks gleefully pointing out your shortcomings .
To avoid murdering each other , you 'll have to keep yourselves anaesthetised with DVD boxsets and the occasional holiday .
Life partner ?
Joy thief , more like .
But maybe that 's a lie , the kind of lie you live by in the face of mounting evidence to the contrary .
There are a billion valid reasons to avoid settling down , but the root cause of most commitment - phobia is something else entirely .
Namely terror .
Raw terror .
The terrifying prospect of falling in love in the first place .
Love can be genuinely awful .
Worse than the norovirus on a coach trip .
When it goes wrong - and it usually does - it kicks a hole in your ribcage and voids its bowels in your soul .
Get burned badly and from that point on , falling in love is like inviting a werewolf into your home : you sit there fascinated , watching it eat at the table and admiring your curtains .
You make conversation and share private jokes .
But try as you might , you 're not quite relaxed and you 're not quite yourself ; you 're on tenterhooks , aware that any moment now it 's going to turn round and bite your throat out .
In the face of love 's potential destructive fury , you 're left with three options .
1 ) Pull down the emotional shutters and try to avoid it .
2 ) Find someone you admire or like , rather than love , and try to make do , rendering both of you miserable in the process .
Or 3 ) Throw caution to the wind and gingerly place your fragile , beating heart in the hands of another human being and hope they do n't crush it in their fist for giggles .
On paper , the first option seems like the only sensible choice .
But gah and damn and blast and argh : it is n't .
Not really .
To carry it off with any degree of success involves suppressing all vestige of romance , which ultimately atrophies your insides and turns you into either a loner or a bastard , or some maddening , alternating combination of the two .
And you can't entirely kill off the romantic impulse .
When you 're queuing in the supermarket on your lonesome , clutching a basket full of meat and veg , all of which has been carefully weighed and packaged into portions big enough for two apparently just to underline the folly of your isolationist policy , it 's hard not to gaze enviously at the couples in front of you , even if they 're bickering over a cheap jar of pasta sauce .
They might be unhappy , but at least they 're united by misery .
The rest of us have to pick holes in ourselves .
They get to share .
So maybe a wife is n't such a bad idea , I figured , as 2009 started to dawn .
The problem is finding one .
I 've fantasised before about a society in which single people are assigned partners arbitrarily by the government .
But that 's not going to work , because my checklist of desired attributes is impossibly lofty : I refuse to be satisfied with anything less than a clever , funny , misanthropic supermodel who spends 98 % of her time ignoring my existence ( because basic psychology dictates that nothing 's going to maintain your interest quite like being dangled on a string for eternity ) , and the remaining 2 % offering sickening reassurance .
Thus far the universe has stubbornly refused to offer this up , and since no one on earth can possibly match up to this deluded ideal , which I do n't deserve anyway , perhaps it 's time to widen the net by aiming low .
By which I mean below the realms of the human .
Animals are out : they do n't live long enough to make the social revulsion your union would provoke worth bearing .
Unless you count tortoises , but they 're too hard and aloof and ultimately unknowable to seriously consider settling down with .
No .
A robot wife will do just fine .
It would n't have to be terribly advanced : a crudely animated face on a stick offering relentless criticism and the occasional rude limerick would probably keep me sufficiently entertained to the grave .
I 'm aware even that might be aiming a bit too high .
I 'm not getting any younger , so give it a few years and I 'll be content with a bag of gravel in a hat .
Although just to keep things spicy , it'd be an open relationship : I 'd let other men have sex with my gravel - bag wife , provided I could point and laugh as they did so .
Pour all your romance into a bagful of gravel ?
Yeah , I can see that .
And it is , I suspect , the only conceivable future in which true and lasting happiness lies .
• This week Charlie bled all the radiators in his flat : " Which is as close as I 'm ever going to get to a starring role in a Victorian steampunk thriller . "
He saw Che : Part
One at the cinema " as part of an ongoing attempt to have some semblance of an outdoor life this year , even if doing that ultimately involves sitting indoors , albeit in a different location to the norm " .
• The headline of this article was amended on Monday 12 January 2009 .
The requested image could not be located .
IDF officers intending to travel to Europe , whether for business or pleasure , have been advised to contact the Judge Advocate General 's Office prior to leaving Israel ; and some may be instructed not to leave the country .
The advisory has been issued following Israel 's concern that international arrest warrants may be issued against officers who were involved in the Israeli offensive in Gaza , on charges of war crimes .
Judicial Front Mazuz : Israel bracing for slew of lawsuits over Gaza op Aviad Glickman Attorney general says legal system preparing for wave of international lawsuits over Israeli offensive in Gaza ; adds Judge Advocate General involved in every operational decision Mazuz : Israel bracing for slew of lawsuits over Gaza op
Jerusalem has reportedly received several reports suggesting international human rights groups are in the process of gathering evidence in the form of photos and testimonials , with the intent of filing suits both with the International Court of Justice ( ICJ ) in The Hague and in local European courts .
While the State is likely to be able to thwart such attempts in The Hague , having suits of this nature filed with local European courts quashed is more complex :
Many of the European courts have taken it upon themselves to hear cases of alleged war crimes perpetrated in other countries , even if they themselves have no affinity to the case .
Once a European court decides to hear such a case , it is within its right to issue bench warrants for the alleged criminals – in this case top politicians and military personnel – and that is a move the State might find difficult to undo .
" As far as the international arena is concerned , Israel is entering what is probably its darkest era , " a Jerusalem source told Yedioth Ahronoth .
" The Palestinian and their friends will try to make Israel look like a leper , like China looked after the Tiananmen Square massacre ( of 1989 ) , or like Serbia did under ( former President Slobodan ) Milosevic .
" They intend of mounting a legal front against IDF officers , ministers , Knesset members and Israeli diplomats .
They will go after them with arrest warrants all over the world . "
According to political sources , the situation may take another turn for the worst after the foreign media will be allowed back into Gaza Strip , and the devastation in Gaza becomes more evident .
The Israelis claim that Hamas has been using women and children as human shields never really took , said a source .
Whenever it was used the response was the same :
If you know that there a women and children there – hold your fire .
The American Psychiatric Association ( APA ) has updated its Privacy Policy , including with new information specifically addressed to individuals in the European Economic Area .
As described in the Privacy Policy , this website utilizes cookies , including for the purpose of offering an optimal online experience and services tailored to your preferences .
Please read the entire Privacy Policy .
By closing this message , browsing this website , continuing the navigation , or otherwise continuing to use the APA 's websites , you confirm that you understand and accept the terms of the Privacy Policy , including the utilization of cookies .
A van careered off a mountain road and ended up balanced on a cliff edge .
The vehicle plunged down a rock face in Colorado and dangled on a precipice 170ft from the ground .
He tried to balance the weight of the van but in his confusion climbed onto the back seat which was already hanging off the cliff .
Rescue crews managed to manoeuvre him from the van and up the cliff face before he was airlifted to hospital where he received treatment for minor injuries
Photograph : CB2/ ZOB/WENN.com
( CNN ) --
The drinking water in the area of last month 's coal - sludge spill in eastern Tennessee is safe , but elevated levels of arsenic have been found in the sludge , authorities said .
Properties near ground zero of the December 22 Tennessee spill are covered in sludge .
A billion gallons of the sludge , made up of water and fly ash from a coal - burning Tennessee Valley Authority steam plant in Kingston , Tennessee , swamped 300 acres of mostly private property when a dike on a retention pond collapsed December 22 .
All residents in the area were evacuated , and three homes were deemed uninhabitable , according to the TVA .
About a dozen other homes were damaged .
Preliminary results from water samples taken in the spill area show no unsafe levels of toxins , said Leslie Sims , on - scene coordinator for the Environmental Protection Agency .
The testing includes municipal supplies and private wells , he said .
Kingston Mayor Troy Beets said he let his grandchildren drink and bathe in city water at his house over the holidays and did n't worry about it .
At a Friday news conference , he drank a cup of water he said was straight from the tap in his home .
View a map of where the spill occured »
" I'm gonna be fine , " he quipped .
However , samples of the fly ash scooped up along roadsides and river banks show elevated levels of arsenic that normally would trigger an EPA response , Sims said .
" These are levels that we consider harmful to humans , " he said .
But the EPA is not responding because the TVA is taking action to fix the problem , he added .
Arsenic is a natural element found in soil and minerals , but exposure to it can cause sickness , the National Institutes of Health says .
Learn more about arsenic »
The arsenic is in the sludge but not in the air in significant amounts , said Alan Nye , a scientist with the Center for Toxicology and Environmental Health , a private scientific consulting company based in Arkansas .
" The bottom line is that the air quality is very good and continues to be so , " Nye said .
That 's not good enough for Suzanne Solomon , who rents a home about 2½ miles downwind from the spill zone .
She and her family are moving somewhere they feel will be safe from fly ash that might blow around once it dries .
" We have a 2 - year - old daughter whose health is not worth the risk , even if it is a minuscule risk , " she said .
" I am an opera singer with mild asthma [ and ] I do not wish to expose [ my lungs ] to any dust which might become airborne .
... I do not see any way that they can keep all of this out of the air . "
Rather than try to gather up all the spilled ash , the TVA plans to lock it in place by planting seeds and covering it with mulch , said Bob Summers , the TVA 's operations section chief .
" We 're hearing all kinds of stories , " said Tom Vereb , whose formerly picturesque lakefront property is now caked in deep , swirling layers of gray muck and debris .
" We 're hearing everything from ' This is perfectly fine to be around , ' to ' Get away , as far as you can , from it . '
So we really do n't know what the right answer is there .
We 're not going to get panicked about it . "
Howie Rose , director of the Roane County Emergency Management Agency , said the city of Kingston , about 40 miles west of Knoxville , has asked the EPA for long - term environmental monitoring , " and we 've got a commitment for that . "
The TVA also is rebuilding the dike , as well as the roads and railroad tracks that were heavily damaged by the rushing sludge .
" It 's 40 feet deep of sludge in the middle of a channel , and they 're talking about four to six weeks of cleanup , " said Travis Cantrell , another local resident .
" That 'd be a stretch . "
Whether the plant will continue to store its fly ash -- a byproduct of coal - burning -- in ponds will have to be evaluated , said Tim Hope , the TVA 's incident commander .
" I would imagine that things would be done differently , " Hope said .
CNN 's Brooke Baldwin , Taylor Gandossy and Mike Phelan contributed to this report .
All About Tennessee Valley Authority • Tennessee • Accidents and Disasters • Nature and the Environment
Jill Greenberg May be Sued for Doctored McCain Photos
The editor of The Atlantic Monthly said on Monday that he has already drafted a letter of apology toafter photographermanipulated pictures from an Atlantic Monthly photo shoot and put them on her website .
The self professed anti-Republican photog was hired by the magazine to shoot pics of the Republican presidential candidate for their October issue .
During the shoot several backlit poses were taken .
After the shoot , Greenberg doctored them with oozing blood and added captions calling McCain a " bloodthirsty warmongerer " and penned anti-abortion references of " I will have my girl kill Roe v. Wade " .
We 've provided the link here but be prepared for some startlingly graphic depictions .
The editor , James Bennet , acknowledges that Greenberg crossed the line and will not be paid for the photo session .
He said the the magazine 's editors do n't " vet our photographers for their politics " but are only interested in their track record .
The publication is considering taking legal action against the woman .
He said :
" She has violated the terms of our agreement with her so we 're taking steps to do something about that .
This photographer has worked for everybody from Phillip Morris to Time magazine .
She had a long record and no history of doing anything like what she has done here . "
The controversial Canadian has been the center of a previous firestorm in 2006 for a series of photos depicting crying children .
She reportedly got them to cry by offering them candy and then taking it away .
The finished close ups of the anguished children were featured in a gallery exhibition called End Times .
Each toddler photo was captioned with a negative reference to the Bush administration , causing a public outcry .
End Times photo gallery below .
Source - Fox News
Temporary Internet Files clutter your hard drive with copies of each page visited .
Files can build up over time and take up lot of disk space .
Even more bothersome is that , IE ( Internet Explorer ) often takes a page out of the Temporary Internet Files , instead of getting new pages each time .
This can be a problem if you are viewing a website that is updated all the time .
This can be good if you are on a slow connection such as a 56 K or lower .
But if you are on a fast broadband connection , then you can easily reduce the size of your Temporary Internet Files to just 1MB without affecting overall performance .
Here 's how to reduce " Temporary Internet Files " folder 's space :
Launch Internet Explorer
Select the Tools from the menu bar
Then select Internet Options ( from the drop down menu )
Once the internet options has loaded click on the general tab
Under the temporary internet files section click the settings button
A settings window will load .
Slide the slider all the way to the left so the size indicated in the text box on the right is 1
Click OK .
OTTAWA – The Conference Board of Canada says consumer confidence ticked upward slightly this month , but remains at recession - era lows .
The Ottawa think - tank 's monthly survey showed Canadians largely remain pessimistic about their job prospects and their financial situation .
The index rose 2.5 points to 70.2 from December 's 26 - year low reading , but remains at levels consistent with the recessions of the early 1980s and 1990s .
The Conference Board says falling gas prices appeared to brighten the spirits of some consumers .
The survey suggests slightly more Canadians felt their families were better off than six months ago , and there was a decline in the number who felt they were worse off .
But the balance of opinion on employment prospects remained bleak in January with a majority saying they are concerned about the labour market .
Still , for the fourth month in a row there was a slight increase in the number of Canadians who felt now was a good time to make a major purchase , although more – by a margin of two - to - one – still feel it is a bad time .
The telephone survey of 2,000 was conducted Jan. 8 to 16 and is considered accurate within a margin of plus or minus 2.19 per cent , 19 times out of 20 .
Winds were howling , children were crying , one man was shouting and another stood paralyzed with fear , as a stalled elevator swayed 300 metres up the CN Tower .
" After about 2 1 / 2 hours , we started to go up a few metres , " passenger Irene Klee , visiting from Costa Rica , recounted yesterday of their ordeal Sunday aboard the glass - walled elevator .
" Something was scratching the side – it sounded like steel against rock ...
" We were all screaming .
One of the small kids said he wanted to throw up .
Then we dropped about five metres down . "
High winds trapped 17 people and buffeted them for at least four hours , an event tower chief operating manager Jack Robinson called unprecedented .
Elevators sometimes stick but usually not for more than a few minutes , he said .
" We 're not invincible here , " he said .
" Our elevators are the highest tech , the highest quality , geared for extraordinary winds .
( But ) the ( elevator ) shaft is hollow , so from time to time winds can get in there and make things go wonky . "
Klee arrived in Canada Saturday with her children , Patricio , 15 , and Daniella , 13 .
Winds were blowing at about 100 kilometres an hour when they visited the CN Tower Sunday .
" They told us we would take it slowly , " Klee said of the elevator ride .
" They said usually it takes 90 seconds .
For us , it was going to take 2 1/2 minutes . "
With about 10 metres to go , the elevator stopped .
" The ( elevator ) operator grabbed the phone and said , ` Do n't worry – we will fix this immediately , ' " Klee recalled .
Sixteen passengers , including four children , plus the operator were suspended high overlooking Lake Ontario – " facing empty space , " Klee said .
Two Otis Elevator technicians quickly arrived to find one of the elevator 's 16 cables out of alignment , tangled by the wind , Robinson said .
They sent for a third worker and extra equipment .
From a management point of view , all went well .
Staff were in constant contact with the elevator .
All arrived at the top safely .
From a passenger point of view , the experience was terrifying , Klee said .
But she and her teenagers enjoyed a free meal at the tower restaurant , got their entrance fee reimbursed and rode the elevator back down .
On this historic election day , it ’s vital to ask yourself the important questions ; does your candidate believe in his own justice ?
Can he , as President of the United States , fight oppression in the streets with a giant battle mecha ?
Is he partnered with a Vice President who ’s more evil than Hitler and Satan ’s love child ?
These are the questions posed by the Xbox game Metal Wolf Chaos .
In this mecha shooter , the Vice President Richard Hawk stages a coup that takes over the United States , locking the nation in martial law and fascist oppression .
The only hope to free America is Michael Wilson , the President .
Donning a suit of power armor , President Wilson bursts out from the White House to take back the nation , city by city .
Gamewise , Metal Wolf Chaos is a typical mecha game , involving lots of jumping around , shooting bad guys , and zipping about the level on jump - boosters .
The graphics are good , the music decent , and a bunch of weapons and secrets keep the game fresh .
But what really makes this game a true classic is its unwavering , ridiculous plot and patriotism .
It knows exactly what it is , and wastes no chance to throw realism under a bus in favour of a mecha surfing down from orbit on the debris of the space station that ’s exploding in the background .
Metal Wolf Chaos also features VP Richard Hawk , who is perhaps the jolliest evil mastermind in video game history .
Seriously .
Kefka thinks this guy should switch to decaf .
See for yourself .
Take a look at this montage of Metal Wolf Chaos and discover the flame of true American justice that burns in your heart .
Jones ’ Big Ass Truck Rental & Storage
Instant classic .
Cashola sent this over to me a few minutes ago and I ’m cracking up .
He called the # and dude picked up !!!
Who ?
Mike Jones Toby Jones !!!
Who ?
Mike Jones Toby Jones !!!
CALL THE NUMBER !
708-752-3393
Activists hold anti-Taser vigil after year of deaths Andrew McLemore
Published : Saturday December 27 , 2008
Print This Email This In Santa Rosa , Calif. , residents are not happy with their local law enforcement .
After two men died by police wielding Tasers in the last two months and four more in the past year , a number of Sonoma County groups rallied about 40 people to protest the electro - shock weapon .
" Although it might seem like a lesser evil , they have been misusing it to such a degree that it has become lethal in this county , " said Maggie Coshnear , a member of the county 's October 22nd Coalition .
Sherry Heyberger , a 40 - year - old hairdresser , stood on a curb during the rally holding a sign that read " Tasers are Torture . "
Nathan Vaughn , the most recent victim of Taser use , was hit three times by a Taser less than two minutes after a Sonoma County sheriff 's deputy entered his home .
Vaughn , 39 , was assaulting his father and his mother had called police for help , but less than an hour after the deputy arrived , Vaughn was dead .
" He should n't have died the way he did , " Heyberger said .
" He 's been in and out of jail , yeah , but does that call for someone being Tasered three times ? "
Tasers have grown increasingly controversial as stories like Vaughn 's continue to surface across the country .
In Houston , Texas , a naked man disturbing the neighborhood died after police shocked him with a Taser four times .
A recent report found that 400 people in the US and Canada have died from Taser shocks since 2001 .
Since the report was issued , Canada has begun removing the weapon from its police forces .
Sign up to FREE email alerts from Mirror - celebs Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
Harry Potter star Daniel Radcliffe ’s stunt double suffered a horror injury in a film set explosion yesterday .
The 25 - year - old was rehearsing a flying sequence using a harness when he was sent plummeting by the blast , which was part of the stunt .
He was conscious after smashing to the ground but told horrified colleagues : “ I ca n’t feel my legs . ”
The 25 - year - old , who doubles for Harry star Daniel Radcliffe , was sent plunging yesterday by an explosion that was part of the stunt .
A source said : “ The stunt double was badly hurt .
He was rehearsing a flying scene which involved an explosion and it seems to have gone badly wrong .
The guy was rigged up to a harness for the scene and was flying through the air .
“ It is thought he may have been caught by the explosion and hit the ground very hard .
“ He told crew members who went to help him he could n’t feel anything from the waist down .
Everyone is just hoping he makes a good recovery .
It has come as a terrible shock . ”
Paramedics were called to the studio and the stuntman was taken to hospital amid fears he may have been paralysed .
The accident happened at the world famous Leavesden studios near Watford , where tests are being carried out on stunts for Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows .
A spokesman for the studio said : “ We can confirm a member of the Harry Potter production was injured in an accident .
We are awaiting further news .
“ Out of respect for the family we are unable to comment further . ”
It is not thought Radcliffe or any of the other major stars were involved yesterday .
The crew are doing pre-production work on the movie , the seventh in the Harry Potter series .
The sixth film , Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince , has been completed and is due out later this year .
Deathly Hallows is the final book in the Potter series .
It will be made into two films – the first of which will be out in 2010 .
Leavesden has been used to film scenes for all of the Harry Potter movies to date .
It is the site of a former airfield and Rolls - Royce engine factory .
It has also previously been used to film sequences from the James Bond and Star Wars movies .
In the Potter films , the studio provides the permanent home for Dumbledore ’s study , the exterior set of Privet Drive and Hagrid ’s hut .
But many other scenes , often involving hi-tech digital imagery , are filmed in the studios hangers .
Actor Brandon
Lee was killed there during a stunt in 1993 while filming horror movie The Crow .
Lee , the son of Kung Fu legend Bruce , was killed by a bullet that lodged in his spine when a gun mistakenly thought to contain dummy bullets was fired at him .
He died in hospital .
The curse of Harry Potter
As part of their attack on the Democratic - led $ 835 billion economic stimulus package , some Republicans have attempted to discredit the plan by singling out examples of what they consider the most outrageous spending .
In an interview with Fox News on Jan. 23 , 2009 , Virginia Rep. Eric Cantor , the House Republican whip , said that in a meeting with President Obama , Cantor asked if he " could use his influence on this process to try and get the pork barrel spending out of the bill .
I mean , there 's $ 300,000 for a sculpture garden in Miami . "
But do a word search on " sculpture " in the 647 - page stimulus bill now before the House and you 'll come up blank .
It 's not in there .
So we asked Cantor 's office where he came up with it .
Here 's how spokesman Neil Bradley explained it : The House stimulus bill includes $ 50 million for the National Endowment for the Arts .
The bill states that the money would be " distributed in direct grants to fund arts projects and activities which preserve jobs in the nonprofit arts sector threatened by declines in philanthropic and other support during the current economic downturn . "
It 's the lack of detail that particularly bothers Cantor , Bradley said .
" We do n't know what they 're going to spend it on , " Bradley said .
" There is no direction to the NEA on how to spend it . "
So to give people an idea of how the NEA spends its money , Cantor 's staff looked at some recent grants awarded by the NEA .
And in 2008 , the NEA gave $ 300,000 to the Vizcaya Museum and Gardens in Miami to restore an outdoor statuary .
The Vizcaya estate is one of the country 's most intact remaining examples from the American Renaissance , a period when the very wealthy built estates to look European .
The $ 300,000 grant was to help restore some of the outdoor sculptures — statues , urns and fountains — that had been severely deteriorating due to South Florida 's salty , damp and subtropical climate , not to mention the hurricanes .
But again , this was an NEA grant from last year .
It is not in the proposed $ 835 billion stimulus package that is being pushed by President Obama and congressional Democrats .
In fact , because the sculpture garden 's money has already been granted , it 's probably safe to say that this is one project that specifically wo n’t be part of the spending .
We get the Cantor camp 's argument that there are no specific projects tied to the funding in the proposed NEA allotment .
When all is said and done , there may very well be plenty of NEA projects that some find objectionable or wasteful .
This just is n't one of them .
Kirstin Brost , a spokeswoman for Rep. Dave Obey , D - Wis. , House Appropriations Committee chairman , defended the proposed funding to the NEA .
" Artists need jobs just like everyone else , " Brost said .
" Fifty million out of $ 825 billion does n't seem like an extreme amount to support our artists . "
The bottom line here is that Cantor specifically identified the sculpture garden as part of the stimulus package when it just is n't — which his staff acknowledges .
And he has made that false claim repeatedly .
He was quoted saying something similar in a Richmond newspaper .
That 's not just sculpting the facts .
That 's Pants on Fire wrong .
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ขณะนี้เว็บไซต์ ถูกระงับการให้บริการชั่วคราว
เรียนท่านผู้เยี่ยมชมเว็บไซต์/เจ้าของเว็บไซต์ขออภัยในความไม่สะดวก
ขณะนี้เว็บไซต์ถูกระงับชั่วคราวขออภัยในความไม่สะดวกThis account has been suspended .
Either the domain has been overused , or the reseller ran out of resources .
โดยข้อความข้างต้น อาจมีสาเหตุมาจาก
●มีการใช้งานปริมาณ Disk ( พื้นที่ ) เกินแพ็คเกจกำหนด
●มีการใช้งานระบบ อย่างผิดปกติ ( Overload ) เช่น ความผิดพลาดของโปรแกรมเว็บไซต์
●หมดอายุการใช้งาน โดยไม่มีการแจ้งต่ออายุบริการ
●มีการส่งจดหมายขยะ หรือ ปล่อยให้มีการส่งอีเมล์ ออกจำนวนมากอย่างผิดปกติ
●มีการใช้งาน ผิดนโยบาย หรือ ไม่เป็นไปตามนโยบายในการขอรับบริการ
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Finding a social icon set that fits into the style of your site ( or app ) can be a tricky thing to do .
So , we have collected an enormous selection of beautifully designed , and free social media icon sets just to make your search that little bit easier .
The free social media icon sets we have for you below have been categorized into Social Icon Fonts , Glyphs & Pictograms , Flat Social Sets , Long Shadow Social Icon Sets , Minimal Social Icons , and an amazing selection of miscellaneous social icon sets .
They all include the icons and logos of all the major social services , as well as many of the lesser - known , and come in a variety of popular formats ( Icon Fonts , PSD , AI , EPS , Sketch , PNG and SVG ) as well .
You might also like our Top 50 Free Icon Sets for Web Designers or our collection of the 50 Best Free Icon Fonts for UI Design .
Glyphs & Pictogram Social Media Icons
Social Media Icons by Icons8 ( PNG , SVG & EPS )
Social Icons .sketch ( 48 Icons in Sketch Formats )
Social Media Icons ( 48 Icons in Sketch Formats )
Drawic ( 24 Icons in SVG Format )
Flat Social Media Icons
The Social Media Badges Icon Set ( 20 Icons in PSD Format )
Free Social Icons ( 77 Icons , PNG , SVG , EPS & Sketch App )
Social Flat Icon Set ( AI , EPS & SVG Formats )
Flat Social Media Icon Set ( 32 Icons in EPS Format )
Flat Social Icons ( 14 Icons in PSD Format )
Flat Social Icons ( 16 Icons in PSD Format )
Flat Style Social Media Icons ( 30 Icons in PSD Format )
Geekly ( 40 Icons in PSD & PNG Formats )
Long Shadow Social Icons
Long Shadow Social Network Icons ( 8 Icons in JPG Format )
Minimal Social Media Icons
Social Media Icons ( 20 Icons in PNG Format )
Social Media Thin Icon Set ( 32 Icons in AI Format )
Social Icons ( 48 Icons in EPS Format )
Icon Font Social Media Icon Sets
Mono Social Icons Font ( 100 Web Font Icons )
Grands ( 40 Web Font Icons )
Socialicious ( 62 Web Font Icons )
Social Icon Font ( 48 Web Font Icons )
Social Dark Glyph Font ( 23 Web Font Icons )
Social Icon Font ( 20 Web Fonts )
And finally … everything else …
Hand Drawn Social Media Icons ( AI , EPS , PDF & SVG Formats )
IconDock Social Media Icons ( 110 Icons , PNG )
Social Media Set ( 24 Icons in PNG Format )
Old School Social Icon Set ( 28 Icons in PSD Format )
Social Postage Stamps ( 24 Icons in AI , EPS & PNG Formats )
President Bush on Monday released long - awaited security directives laying out American military , economic and diplomatic priorities in increasingly accessible Arctic waters .
Video
The directives stated American rights to free navigation through pinch points in the Northwest Passage over Canada [ UPDATE : A wise Canadian comment contributor below notes a problem with the preceding language . ] and Northern Sea Route over Russia , which immediately drew spicy coverage from Canadian papers .
( Canada has long asserted that the passages are Canadian waters . )
“ Bush Asserts Power Over Arctic , ” said the headline in the Calgary Herald .
There were lines endorsing the Pentagon ’s push for bolstering the country ’s ability to navigate in icy waters ( see my recent coverage of our deteriorating icebreaker fleet ) and the need for the Senate to consent to ratification of the Law of the Sea treaty ( yet again ) .
The presidential Arctic Research Commission has more on the policy move .
Over all , the directives reinforce an idea I ’ve been exploring for many years now , in the paper ( see the “ Big Melt ” series ) , our prize - winning “ Arctic Rush ” documentary , and my prize - winning Times book , “ The North Pole Was Here ” — essentially , the combination of a warming climate and rising thirst for oil and gas and shipping routes guarantees that the Arctic Ocean of our history and lore , an untouched , forbidding frontier , is now really history .
Click here for a video report on the Coast Guard ’s plan to establish its first Arctic outpost and for reaction from the State Department to a reporter ’s question about the Arctic policy shift :
Video
Here ’s the State Department discussion of the Arctic policy shift , as released today by the department ’s press office :
Children abused by out - of - control Mormon churchgoers Mormonism / Mormon Church
Source
( Listed if other than Religion News Blog )
Apr. 17 , 2007
Jon Land
www.24dash.com 24dash.com , UKApr. 17 , 2007Jon Land
More About This Subject
This post was last updated : Friday , May 9 , 2014 at 2:22 PM , Central European Time ( CET )
# 203815 +( 6121 ) - [ X ] < Fooz >
In a perfect world ... spammers would get caught , go to jail , and share a cell with many men who have enlarged their penisses , taken Viagra and are looking for a new relationship .
not
Look , times are hard .
And since they could n't quite tap the market with their Body Trainer FiTrainer , Dr. Itami ( picturedtraining for love ) and Sega Toys have repackaged their MP3 player and heart rate monitor with verbal coaching as , get this , the Love Trainer .
No seriously , the company that brought you the iDog is now pushing the already questionable workout companion as a " unisex sex enhancer . "
Phrases like " please exercise a little bit harder " have been changed to a breathy , " Following the beat , make love much harder ! "
We 're not sure what , " Please confirm , the heart rate sensor ! " could possibly mean in the middle of the ol ' somethin ' somethin ' but it can't be good .
Fortunately for Linux fans , the $ 80 Love Trainer can also be used without a partner .
Video foolishness after the break with mildly NSFW content . :
We 've been contacted by Dr. Itami himself about the matter ...
It 's all an elaborate hoax [ Thanks , Chris T. ]
WASHINGTON  Without a single Republican vote , President Obama won House approval on Wednesday for an $ 819 billion economic recovery plan as Congressional Democrats sought to temper their own differences over the enormous package of tax cuts and spending .
As a piece of legislation , the two - year package is among the biggest in history , reflecting a broad view in Congress that urgent fiscal help is needed for an economy in crisis , at a time when the Federal Reserve has already cut interest rates almost to zero .
But the size and substance of the stimulus package remain in dispute , as House Republicans argued that it tilted heavily toward new spending instead of tax cuts .
All but 11 Democrats voted for the plan , and 177 Republicans voted against it .
The 244 - to - 188 vote came a day after Mr. Obama traveled to Capitol Hill to seek Republican backing , if not for the package then on other issues to come .
Sitting around watching television might not be as useless as you think .
Certain shows have been remarkably accurate in their forecasts of the future .
The list suggests that British TV producers are far more prophetic than their American counterparts .
But that 's OK ; when someone invents Warp Drive , I 'll revise the list .
1. The Troubleshooters ( 1965 - 1972 )
This drama about Mogul , a British multinational oil company , had its finger on the pulse .
Three days after BP struck oil in Alaska , viewers saw Mogul do the same " “ in an episode that had been filmed months earlier .
In another episode , Mogul took over a chemical firm .
BP did the same later that week .
One episode included a huge explosion on an oil rig , but it was n't even broadcast before a real explosion happened on the North Sea .
Troubleshooters even showed people living in underwater houses as they probed the sea for oil .
Within three years , even this piece of science fiction was a reality .
Thankfully , none of the episodes portrayed nuclear disaster .
" I am staggered how accurate they are in technical matters , "  said a Shell executive .
" Of course , in real life we do n't have blondes lying about on beds .
We miss this facility . " 
2. The Year of the Sex Olympics ( 1968 )
Ah , I bet that got your attention !
Unfortunately , this British TV play was n't as arousing as the title suggested , but it was still amazingly prescient .
In the future , 98 percent of people depend on television for everything .
To quell the population explosion , they watch " applied pornography "  to put them off sex ( which is the only excuse for that title , I 'm afraid ) , and they watch gluttony programs to put them off food .
But when they lose interest , the network execs have a great new idea : send a family to a deserted island and film them 24/7 in a show called The Live Life Show .
Yes , in the space of one episode , the show predicted reality television " “ and predicted that the masses would go wild for it .
No network has yet been allowed to try the show 's main ratings stunt : dropping a murderer on the island to hunt them down .
( Though I would n't rule it out ...)
3. The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy ( 1981 )
This was n't meant to be prophetic , but the celebrated British TV show ( formerly a radio serial and a trilogy of best - selling novels ) has been hailed as a visionary work .
In the series , the Guide was an electronic , hand - held book that , with a few keystrokes , could provide detailed information on any planet or alien race .
Fans of the late Douglas Adams , the series ' creator , suggest that he envisioned both the web and e-books .
Adams was bemused by this .
" When I originally described the Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy , over 20 years ago , I was only joking , "  he said in 2000 .
" I did n't see myself as a predictive kind of science fiction writer , like Arthur C. Clarke who more or less single - handedly invented the communications satellite " ¦
But it turns out that I , inadvertently , had a terribly good idea .
I really did n't foresee the internet .
But then , neither did the computer industry . " 
4. MI5 ( 2002 -)
Yet another British series , this spy thriller ( known in the UK as Spooks ) seems to follow in the prophetic footsteps of The Troubleshooters .
" It 's almost like reading series six by opening the newspaper , "  said lead actor Rupert Penry - Jones in 2007 .
" Sometimes the scripts are coming out when the newspapers are coming out with almost the same stories .
It 's uncanny . " 
This has n't always been good news .
In one of the more unfortunate coincidences , scenes in which bombs went off around London were filmed only a day before the 2005 London terrorist bombings .
" We had to change quite a lot of it because it was all a bit tasteless , "  said Penry - Jones .
" It seemed like we were cashing in on what happened , when we 'd pretty much already shot it the day before it happened . " 
5 . The Lone Gunmen ( 2001 )
Finally , an American show " “ and this prediction was perhaps the most amazing of them all .
In the pilot episode of this short - lived X - Files spin - off , broadcast on March 4 , 2001 , the heroes uncovered a U.S. Government plot to fly a passenger jet into the World Trade Center ( by remote - control ) and blame terrorists , thereby justifying an increase in the military budget .
On television , this scheme was averted .
In reality , of course , two jet planes did indeed hit the World Trade Center barely six months later .
( Despite the conspiracy theories , most people do n't blame this on the U.S. Government . )
Still , the plot was tragically prescient .
After 9/11 , many broadcasters banned reruns of this episode for reasons of sensitivity .
The whole series ( all 13 episodes ) is now on DVD , though naturally , this light - hearted show now seems somewhat darker than it was trying to be .
Mark Juddery is a writer and historian based in Australia .
See what else he 's written at markjuddery.com .
What the world needs right now is a rescue operation .
The global credit system is in a state of paralysis , and a global slump is building momentum as I write this .
Reform of the weaknesses that made this crisis possible is essential , but it can wait a little while .
First , we need to deal with the clear and present danger .
To do this , policymakers around the world need to do two things : get credit flowing again and prop up spending .
The first task is the harder of the two , but it must be done , and soon .
Hardly a day goes by without news of some further disaster wreaked by the freezing up of credit .
As I was writing this , for example , reports were coming in of the collapse of letters of credit , the key financing method for world trade .
Suddenly , buyers of imports , especially in developing countries , ca n’t carry through on their deals , and ships are standing idle : the Baltic Dry Index , a widely used measure of shipping costs , has fallen 89 percent this year .
What lies behind the credit squeeze is the combination of reduced trust in and decimated capital at financial institutions .
People and institutions , including the financial institutions , do n’t want to deal with anyone unless they have substantial capital to back up their promises , yet the crisis has depleted capital across the board .
The obvious solution is to put in more capital .
In fact , that ’s a standard response in financial crises .
In 1933 the Roosevelt administration used the Reconstruction Finance Corporation to recapitalize banks by buying preferred stock — stock that had priority over common stock in terms of its claims on profits .
When Sweden experienced a financial crisis in the early 1990s , the government stepped in and provided the banks with additional capital equal to 4 percent of the country ’s GDP — the equivalent of about $ 600 billion for the United States today — in return for a partial ownership .
When Japan moved to rescue its banks in 1998 , it purchased more than $ 500 billion in preferred stock , the equivalent relative to GDP of around a $ 2 trillion capital injection in the United States .
In each case , the provision of capital helped restore the ability of banks to lend , and unfroze the credit markets .
A financial rescue along similar lines is now underway in the United States and other advanced economies , although it was late in coming , thanks in part to the ideological tilt of the Bush administration .
At first , after the fall of Lehman Brothers , the Treasury Department proposed buying up $ 700 billion in troubled assets from banks and other financial institutions .
Yet it was never clear how this was supposed to help the situation .
( If the Treasury paid market value , it would do little to help the banks ’ capital position , while if it paid above - market value it would stand accused of throwing taxpayers ’ money away . )
Never mind : after dithering for three weeks , the United States followed the lead already set , first by Britain and then by continental European countries , …
This is exclusive content for subscribers only .
Get unlimited access to The New York Review for just $ 1 an issue !
View Offer Continue reading this article , and thousands more from our archive , for the low introductory rate of just $ 1 an issue .
Choose a Print , Digital , or All Access subscription .
If you are already a subscriber , please be sure you are logged in to your nybooks.com account .
Copyright © 2009 , 1999 by Paul Krugman
From English Next : Native speakers as a percentage of the global population for major languages .
As English native speakers decline in comparison to those that use it as a second language , the chance of the emergence a new version of the language unsanctioned by these native speakers rises .
Not with English as we recognize it , that is , and the sooner we realize this the better .
Take a look at this article today detailing the problem :
Monsieur Nerriere is a retired French businessman who one day in the course of his work made a fascinating observation .
In a meeting with colleagues from around the world , including an Englishman , a Korean and a Brazilian , he noticed that he and the other non-native English speakers were communicating in a form of English that was completely comprehensible to them , but which left the Englishman nonplussed .
He , Jean - Paul Nerriere , could talk to the Korean and the Brazilian in this neo-language , and they could understand each other perfectly .
But the Englishman was left out because his language was too subtle , too full of meaning that could not be grasped by the others .
In other words , Monsieur Nerriere concluded , a new form of English is developing around the world , used by people for whom it is their second language .
I do n't agree with his conclusion ( that a language called Globish based on 1500 English words is the answer ) but his observation on the phenomenon certainly is correct .
This is what happens when the ratio of L1 ( mother tongue ) to L2 ( second language ) speakers drops below a certain level .
That is , at a certain point native speakers of English cease to be the envied authority on the language and turn into a hindrance .
If there is a meeting of people from ten different countries , all except one using English as a second language , what use is the last one person that speaks the language perfectly ?
No lesser authority than the British Council points out the same thing :
The new language which is rapidly ousting the language of Shakespeare as the world ’s lingua franca is English itself – English in its new global form .
As this book demonstrates , this is not English as we have known it , and have taught it in the past as a foreign language .
It is a new phenomenon , and if it represents any kind of triumph it is probably not a cause of celebration by native speakers .
and :
Anyone who believes that native speakers of English remain in control of these developments will be very troubled .
This book suggests that it is native speakers who , perhaps , should be the most concerned .
But the fact is , that the future development of English in the world is now a global concern and should be troubling us all .
Some examples of this in practice are the relaxing of grammatical rules such as article usage , as well as approving new terms without the input of native speakers .
WE ALL STRYKER !
Here 's one example :
Ubiquitous exhibition enter incorporating state - of - the - art IT technologies and cumulated know - how s Exhibition floor trench that supports diverse facilities
Ubiquitous is a buzzword in Korea that has really caught on with the general population , and a word I had never seen in use until I came here .
Note also the pluralization of know - how .
Here 's another example of both pluralization and bad article usage :
In the contrast with many researche s on orbital ordering in 3d and 4f electron systems
What makes this especially hard to control is the fact that a search term like " many researches " turns up 109,000 hits on Google , so if you 're using English as a second language and are n't sure if this is correct , a search there will give the impression that yes , you do pluralize research and thus you can say " one research , two researches , three researches ... " when this just is n't the case .
Nevertheless , if you are using English as an L2 and are reading a paper written by someone else using it as an L2 , something like pluralizing the word research or using the wrong article is n't going to make a difference , because the information you glean from the report is the same .
It 's only we L1 speakers that feel uncomfortable reading something like that .
If English continues in this way as a global language the situation is only going to become worse ; there will eventually be one non-standardized version of English for those using it as an L2 , and another kind of seemingly uptight and snooty version reserved for L1 speakers , using terms like " bereft of " and " unbeknownst to " .
The British Council also predicts that English will fail to reach the status of a universally spoken language , and that in 2050 it will still be the predominant language but that other languages will be strengthened regionally and we 'll be no closer to the goal of a single universal language .
With this happening , I doubt that this new English will reach a point where it becomes standardized , and instead we 'll see a continuation of the current stalemate .
My proposal for solving this is a language like Occidental .
Other ways to counteract this include attempts to strengthen the status of other strong regional languages like Spanish ( if you 're good at Spanish you may want to contribute to their Wikipedia a bit more for example ) , because the sooner people realize that English is not going to attain the status of a global L2 the better , and we can begin to work on bringing about a real global L2 that is easy to learn , and more suitable than the current contender .
Edit : two more examples of L2 usage fun .
Expect a lot more of this in the future :
Korea Sparkling replaced the previous " Dynamic Korea " motto used by the government to promote the country some two years ago now .
The design cost a ton of money to create .
This is a conglomerate called Doosan with revenues of some $ 20 billion .
They have a brand of apartments called " Doosan We've " .
Manhattan prosecutors are expected to announce manslaughter charges on Monday against the rigger who was overseeing the raising of a tower crane on the East Side last year when it collapsed , killing seven , according to people briefed on the case .
The rigger , William Rapetti , has also been charged with criminally negligent homicide , reckless endangerment and second - degree assault in the spectacular disaster , in which the 22 - story crane plunged across East 51st Street , piercing one building and tearing terraces off another , the people said .
The accident , on March 15 , played out across a two - block swath of the Turtle Bay neighborhood , leaving two dozen people injured and the streets strewn with rubble .
The charges  including seven counts each of second - degree manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide  are contained in an indictment that is expected to be unsealed on Monday , the people said .
Mr. Rapetti’s company , Rapetti Rigging Services , will also be charged , the people said .
All spoke on the condition of anonymity because the charges remained sealed .
Mr. Rapetti , 48 , of Massapequa Park , N.Y. , was set to surrender on Monday morning , said his lawyer , Arthur L. Aidala , who noted that five of the seven people who died were friends of his client ’s , men working with him on the crane that day .
As the hour grows late , President Bush , like many chief executives before him , seems to hear the call of the wild .
Honoring a tradition that dates at least to the Reagan administration , Bush is pushing through a bundle of controversial last - minute changes in federal rules -- many of them involving the environment , national parks and public lands in the West .
President Clinton used his final weeks and months in office to strengthen a host of environmental rules and lock up federal lands with wilderness and other protective designations .
Bush is using the same window of opportunity to open wilderness for oil and gas drilling , and to loosen safeguards for air , water and wildlife .
In recent days , the Bush administration announced new rules to speed oil shale development across 2 million rocky acres in the West .
It scheduled an auction for drilling rights alongside three national parks .
It has also set in motion processes to finalize major changes in endangered species protection , allow more mining waste to flow into rivers and streams , and exempt factory farms from air pollution reporting .
Advertisement
Researchers who track “ midnight regulations ” say Bush pushed 53 of them through the federal Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs in the last three weeks , nearly double the pace of Clinton at this point in his final year .
Some of the most controversial rules deal with the environment -- a legacy - cementing area where Bush diverges sharply from Clinton and from President - elect Barack Obama .
In the mid-1990s , when Clinton was in the White House , the GOP - controlled Congress established rules designed to rein in late - inning regulatory changes .
But the move has had little effect .
Outgoing presidents “ have an incentive to push stuff that the next administration wo n’t be in favor of , ” said Veronique de Rugy , a senior fellow at the Mercatus Center at George Mason University who tracks midnight regulations .
“ It ’s your last chance . . . to extend your influence into the future . ”
Advertisement
White House officials say they ’ve taken pains to avoid a late - term blitz .
Spokesman Tony Fratto said that Bush is keeping roughly the same regulatory pace as last year , and that many rules wo n’t be enacted because agencies missed a Nov. 1 deadline for final action , set earlier this year by Chief of Staff Joshua Bolten .
Bolten ’s order allows exceptions for what are considered extraordinary circumstances .
“ It ’s unprecedented in the history of administrations to try to do something this way , and do it the right way , ” Fratto said .
Environmental activists and government watchdogs , on the other hand , say Bush rushed several of the rules to completion so that Obama could not easily overturn them .
Obama can summarily reverse anything not enacted by the time he takes office , a lesson Bush learned by blocking several of Clinton ’s last - ditch environmental measures , such as a ban on road - building in national forests .
Advertisement
“ The Bush administration is trying to prevent Obama from doing to it what it did to Clinton , ” said Matt Madia , a regulatory policy analyst for OMB Watch , a Washington - based watchdog group .
Under federal rules , it takes 60 days to enact an economically “ significant ” regulation , which carries an estimated impact of $ 100 million or more .
Other regulations take 30 days .
Today is the deadline for “ significant ” regulation , though Fratto calls it “ irrelevant to our process . ”
The process moved especially quickly in the case of oil shale .
In July , the administration proposed rules that would eventually lead to leasing 2 million acres of public land in Colorado , Utah and Wyoming for oil shale extraction , even though serious questions remain about how much power and water -- a particularly scarce resource on much of that land -- would be needed to make it work .
The rules were finalized this week .
Advertisement
The American Petroleum Institute praised the move as “ an integral step ” toward increased domestic energy production .
“ It lays the groundwork , lets investors know what they ’re going to face going forward , ” said Andy Radford , a senior policy advisor for the institute .
Environmentalists cried foul .
Sen. Ken Salazar ( D - Colo . ) said Bush had “ fallen into the trap of allowing political timelines to trump sound policy . ”
Activists also accuse Bush of disregarding public comments on a proposal to change how the Endangered Species Act guides federal projects .
Currently , federal agencies must check with government species experts before building a dam or paving a road .
Bush would allow the agencies to determine on their own if they were putting protected species in danger .
The change would be “ absolutely necessary if we ’re going to move projects forward , ” said William Kovacs , vice president of environment , technology and regulatory affairs at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce .
Advertisement
Opponents say administration officials breezed through 250,000 public comments -- most of them criticizing the proposal -- in less than a week .
“ They ’ve clearly made a predetermined decision to issue it no matter what the public comments say , which is not what we ’re supposed to do in this country , ” said Andrew Wetzler , director of the endangered species project at the Natural Resources Defense Council .
The NRDC , the Sierra Club and other groups also oppose several rules not subject to the deadline and likely to be enacted soon , including eased restrictions on mountaintop mining near streams , reduced pollution reporting for large farms and weakened air quality controls near national parks .
If those rules are approved , Obama would need to initiate a potentially cumbersome process to revise them .
“ They would n’t be able to just put out a notice and just overturn them the next day , ” said Karla Raettig , the legislative representative for wildlife conservation for the National Wildlife Federation .
A little - used law from the 1990s might allow Congress to overturn many of the regulations .
Advertisement
--
jtankersley@tribune.com
Here 's the third of Ken Miller 's three guest posts on blood clotting , evolution , and intelligent design .
( In case you missed them , here are the first and second posts . )
If you ’ve had the patience to follow Part 1 and Part 2 of my replies to Casey Luskin ’s postings on the blood - clotting cascade , you might be wondering why he ’s gone to such trouble to beat a horse ( Kitzmiller v. Dover ) that left the barn more than three years ago ( when that decision was filed ) .
Quite frankly , I wondered a bit about that , too .
Now he ’s revealed his hand in Part 3 of the series .
It ’s now apparent that his employers at the Discovery Institute are kicking off a attempt to show that Judge John E. Jones III got it wrong , and the Dover case was wrongly decided .
What Casey is doing is laying down an artillery barrage designed to soften up the strongest part of the defenses against ID — its record of failure in the Dover trial .
Why is this necessary ?
Why bother re-trying a case that Luskin ’s colleagues have already lost ?
Because the Dover decision remains an open , and potentially fatal wound to the ID movement .
If ID surrogates in Louisiana , Texas , and other states are to argue that evolution is a controversial idea with serious scientific flaws , they ’ve got a problem .
They know that the parents and educators backing genuine science education for American students will pick up the Dover decision and cite chapter and verse from its ringing indictment of everything that Casey and the Discover Institute stand for .
They also know that state legislators and school board members will consider the legal troubles that beset Dover and decide to pass on Discovery ’s persistent offers to guide them along the path of undermining evolution .
In short , if Kitzmiller v. Dover stands , they ’re done for .
But they ca n’t appeal the case — only the Dover School Board could have done that .
Unfortunately for the Discovery Institute , it lost that opportunity in November of 2005 , when the voters of Dover threw out their pro-ID Board and replaced it with one entirely happy with the decision that Judge Jones rendered six weeks later .
So , they ’ve got only one recourse — to produce a revisionist narrative showing that the decision was flawed .
Clearly they hope that their surrogates will then be able to pick up that narrative and use it to counter the scientific and legal disaster that was Kitzmiller v. Dover .
What Casey Luskin has done in Parts 1 and 2 of his revisionist history is to argue : 1 ) That I supposedly misled the court in my testimony about the “ irreducible complexity ” of the blood - clotting system by incorrectly characterizing the position of ID scientist Michael Behe .
2 ) That my testimony about missing parts of the blood - clotting system was supposedly irrelevant , since I had n’t done any experiments to show that the system would work despite the absence of several parts in some organisms .
And , now , what he ’s argued in Part 3 is that as a result of points ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , Kitzmiller v. Dover was a case wrongly decided on the basis of bogus scientific testimony .
That means , according to Mr. Luskin , that it should not be used against the ID movement .
And , just for good measure , he complains that key parts of Jones ’ decision were “ copied ” from statements provided by the plaintiffs .
As I showed in earlier responses to Luskin ’s revisionist history of the Dover trial , his narrative is wrong on each and every count .
•
First , I did n’t mislead anyone when I testified about the blood - clotting system on the opening days of the Dover trial .
In fact , it ’s Mr. Luskin who is trying to mislead his readers today by misrepresenting Michael Behe ’s very clear written claims about the irreducible complexity of the system .
Behe made that claim very clearly in his portion of the ID textbook Of Pandas and People , and he did it again on page 87 of Darwin ’s Black Box where he stated :
“ Since each step necessarily requires several parts , not only is the entire blood - clotting system irreducibly complex , but so is each step in the pathway . ”
• Second , Luskin ’s willingness to misread Behe is then followed by an even more brazen attempt to misrepresent , “ irreducible complexity , ” ID ’s own argument against evolution .
The one strength of that argument is that it makes a testable prediction , namely , that the individual parts of an irreducibly complex biochemical system should have no function until all of those parts are assembled together .
The difficulty , which Luskin has worked mightily to obscure , is that “ irreducible complexity ” fails that test at every turn .
So he pretends that the existence of fully - functional clotting systems that are missing as many as five parts of the “ irreducibly complex ” system is no big deal .
It is , in fact , a very , very big deal — because it shows that his argument , the claim of “ design , ” and his revisionist account of the Dover trial are all dead wrong .
•
What all of this means is very clear .
The case that Luskin has attempted to make against the Kitzmiller decision is rotten from the ground up .
The testimony I presented in court was accurate , the scientific case for the evolution of the blood clotting system is getting stronger every day , and his plea to ignore the facts case is an act of desperation from a side unable either to do scientific research or to assemble a coherent legal argument .
The only relevant question at this point is why the Discovery Institute keeps highlighting its own failings in this way .
Why are Casey and his employers now — three years after the Dover trial — trying to rehabilitate the tattered credibility of both Michael Behe and Pandas ?
What mischief are they planning now ?
The only conclusion I can draw is that they must be maneuvering for the next round of state board hearings or legislative sessions — and I ’m concerned .
These folks are a whole lot better at politics and public relations than they are at science , and that means that everyone who cares about science education should be on guard .
Time Warner Cable subscribers could lose “ SpongeBob SquarePants , ” “ Dora the Explorer ” and Jon Stewart at midnight tonight if the cable company fails to agree on a new contract with one of its biggest suppliers .
Viacom Inc. has threatened to pull its programming in a high - stakes showdown over pricing .
Nearly 2 million homes in the Los Angeles area that are customers of Time Warner Cable Inc. could lose such Viacom channels as Nickelodeon , MTV , VH - 1 , Comedy Central , Spike , TV Land and BET .
Viacom blamed the cable company for the stalemate .
“ We ’ve been attempting to negotiate in good faith but they seem to have taken it to the brink .
Unfortunately , we are now at an impasse , ” said Philippe Dauman , chief executive of Viacom .
The company ’s two - year contract with Time Warner , the nation ’s second - largest cable company , which provides service to 12.3 million homes , expires at midnight .
Advertisement
The two sides could still resolve their dispute today , allowing Time Warner customers on New Year ’s Day to see “ Engaged & Underage : The Bridal Bowl ” on MTV or an episode of “ iCarly ” called “ iCarly Saves Television ” on Nickelodeon .
On Tuesday , however , both sides appeared to be dug in to their positions , with Viacom placing newspaper ads and TV spots utilizing characters such as Dora the Explorer to encourage viewers to call Time Warner and complain .
The media giant used similar tactics in a dispute with satellite broadcaster EchoStar Communications nearly five years ago .
“ It rarely comes to this , ” said television consultant Larry Gerbrandt of Media Valuation Partners in Beverly Hills .
“ If they go off the air , no one wins .
Customers will get upset at Time Warner and they could lose subscribers , and Viacom will lose important advertising revenue . ”
For its part , Time Warner said Viacom ’s demands for higher fees were “ egregious , ” particularly at a time when the country is in the throes of an economic recession and subscribers are sensitive to costly cable bills .
Advertisement
“ We are being put in an awkward spot , ” Time Warner Cable spokesman Alex Dudley said .
“ Advertising revenue stinks so they are looking to stick our customers for the difference .
We have to hold the line for our customers . ”
SNL Kagan cable analyst Derek Baine said , “ It ’s a really bad time to be squeezing people for a rate increase . ”
Viacom , however , said it was asking for only a modest increase of about 25 cents a month , or $ 3 a year , per subscriber for its package of 20 channels .
Time Warner countered that consenting to such an increase could encourage other cable networks also to demand higher fees , a scenario that could lead to $ 30 a year in increased charges for cable subscribers .
Advertisement
Viacom ’s strategy is complicated because ratings for its signature MTV , VH - 1 and BET channels have been down this year , which means that advertising revenue has been lower than expected .
Nickelodeon , meanwhile , has increased its audience with “ Dora the Explorer , ” “ SpongeBob SquarePants , ” “ iCarly ” and a stronger Nick at Night lineup .
“ They are holding our customers hostage for a bunch of networks with sagging ratings and only one or two good channels , ” Dudley said .
There will probably be more such disputes in the new year as companies struggle amid a sour economy , predicted SNL Kagan ’s Baine .
In recent months , a tussle between Time Warner and broadcaster LIN TV resulted in a monthlong blackout of 17 LIN television stations from Time Warner ’s cable system .
Viacom has gone to the mat before .
In 2004 , its cable channels disappeared from EchoStar ’s Dish Network for two days while the two sides quarreled over the terms of a new contract .
And 12 years ago , the cable company Tele - Communications Inc. removed MTV and VH - 1 from its lineup in a dispute with Viacom .
Advertisement
Viacom has been aggressive in its pricing , Baine said .
Although far from the stratospheric levels of sports channel ESPN , which receives nearly $ 4 per cable subscriber per month , MTV collects about 32 cents a month per cable subscriber , Baine said .
Nickelodeon fetches about 45 cents a month per subscriber .
Cable operators such as Time Warner are also miffed that Viacom and other companies have made some of their most popular programming available for free on the Internet .
That ’s where many fans of Comedy Central ’s Stewart and Stephen Colbert catch their shows .
“ They are not charging people more for that , ” Time Warner ’s Dudley said .
“ We will just tell our customers how to hook up their PCs to their television sets so they can watch it online for free . ”
Still , the move is not without risk for Time Warner , which has been facing increased competition from satellite television providers such as Dish Network and DirecTV and telephone companies such as Verizon and AT&T ; , which now offer television service .
Advertisement
“ This is really about who is going to blink first , ” Gerbrandt said .
--
meg.james@latimes.com
“ No gay marriage , but bring on the strippers ! ”
AMERICAblog reader Sara
I fear that even I ca n’t do this story sufficient justice .
So I ’ll simply quote the sports blog that posted this originally :
When we last saw the Mormons , they were attempting to murder love .
Having succeeded on that , they ’ve apparently moved on to more pressing concerns : getting pole dancing into the Olympics .
From CBS 2 in Salt Lake City comes this report of the newest craze to sweep Utah : pole dancing for fitness .
If you remember this fad being big a few years ago , you ’re right ; I like to picture Utah kind of like the Middle East , where it takes about 20 years for pop culture to spread .
The new Pat Benatar cassettes are just hitting Tehran now .
( Video of Mormon housewives in spandex , at your own risk , after the jump . )
So there you have it : “ pole fitness , ” as proponents like to call it , if only to separate it from the good kind of pole dancing .
I ’d be remiss if I did n’t point out the woman who tries to justify her six - inch stripper heels by saying they ’re great for the calf muscles .
I ’m just [ guessing ] her husband , and his other wives , would n’t really mind if she wore them home .
This is what passes for good news these days , so pass the turkey and keep smiling .
Edmunds ( via Dow Jones Newswires ) estimates that the American new car market is down 28 percent in November , but up 1.9 percent from October .
“ Sales improved slightly over October thanks to near record high incentives and perhaps a sense of relief that the presidential election is over , ” said Edmunds ’ executive director of industry analysis , Jesse Toprak .
Many analysts had forseen a bloodbath in November , after a disastrous October .
In November ’s 25 selling days , Chrysler LLC ’s sales are seen dropping 42 % , with Ford posting a 33 % slide and GM reporting a 28 % skid .
And it ’s not just Detroit firms losing ground .
Toyota sales are expected to drop 24 % , with Honda sales down 21 % and Nissan sliding 29 % on the month .
Detroit ’s market share is estimated to be 47 % in November , down from 51 % a year earlier and flat from October .
These numbers could easily have been much , much worse given the record low consumer confidence .
But is cheap gas helping , and if so , how long will it last ?
Stay tuned , as we get official numbers out at the end of the month .
Related
MOSCOW , Russia ( CNN ) -- Russian energy monopoly Gazprom said Thursday it has cut off supplies of natural gas to Ukraine after a payment deadline expired .
A gas - compressor and gas - holder station in Mryn , Ukraine .
Gazprom said it had cut supplies to Ukraine Thursday .
Gazprom had been threatening the move , saying months of negotiations with Ukraine had failed to resolve the issue of outstanding payments .
The company says Ukraine owes about $ 2 billion for past natural gas deliveries .
Ukraine also disputes the new price set by Gazprom for 2009 deliveries , which was initially more than double the price from 2008 .
Gazprom has reassured the rest of Europe that its natural gas supply , which runs through Ukraine , will not be affected by the dispute with Kiev .
Thursday , a Gazprom spokesman said on Russian state television the company had actually increased the deliveries to the rest of the continent .
" Gazprom will continue supplying gas for its consumers in Europe at full volume , " the company 's chief executive , Alexey Miller , said .
" We have an effective transit contract . "
Without natural gas , some Ukrainians could be in for chilly days and nights .
The temperature at midday Thursday in Kiev was 25 degrees Fahrenheit ( - 4 degrees Celsius ) , with a forecast high of only 32 F ( 0 C ) and snow predicted overnight .
Watch a report on Gazprom 's threats to cut off gas supplies to Ukraine »
Ukraine 's state - controlled energy company , Naftogaz Ukrainy , said Thursday it is ensuring domestic natural gas needs are covered by taking gas from underground storage facilities .
" All of Ukraine 's consumers are fully secured , " the company said in a statement .
In Washington , the White House urged a resolution Thursday .
Do n't Miss Gazprom reissues
Ukraine threat as profits soar
" The United States would like to see a restoration of normal deliveries , " White House spokesman Gordon Johndroe said .
" The parties should be resolving their differences through good - faith negotiations , without supply cutoffs . "
The frigid weather is of particular concern , the White House said .
" We urge both sides to keep in mind the humanitarian implications of any interruption of gas supply in the winter , " Johndroe said .
Naftogaz Ukrainy also disputed Gazprom 's claim that it owes for past deliveries , saying Thursday it has paid its debt to Gazprom in full , though it declined to give a figure .
Another part of the dispute centers on Gazprom 's price hike for 2009 gas deliveries .
Gazprom had wanted to more than double Ukraine 's payments , but Wednesday it offered a lower price .
Ukraine , which currently pays about $ 100 per 1,000 cubic meters , balked at the figure offered , saying it simply can't afford to pay the new price .
It is the second time in three years Gazprom has threatened to cut off gas supplies to Ukraine .
The company made good on its threat on January 1 , 2006 , but turned the supply back on a day later .
Russia is the world 's biggest producer of natural gas and supplies Europe with more than 40 percent of its imports -- mainly via the pipelines through Ukraine .
Naftogaz said in its statement Thursday that it would ensure the uninterrupted flow of Russian gas to Europe through Ukraine , but only under existing arrangements .
It indicated some gas deliveries to Europe could be halted in Ukraine if Naftogaz fails to reach a new agreement with Gazprom .
Although gas is still flowing to Europe , there are also concerns in Russia that the amount could be reduced if Ukraine siphons off some of the gas headed to the west .
Naftogaz said it will continue negotiating with Gazprom to address the issues .
All About OAO Gazprom • Ukraine • Russia
As the Obama administration apparently prepares to launch Hankie Pankie II — buying troubled assets from banks at prices higher than they will fetch on the open market — it occurred to me that an updated version of an old Communist - era joke may be appropriate : under Bush , financial policy consisted of Wall Street types cutting sweet deals , at taxpayer expense , for Wall Street types .
Under Obama , it ’s precisely the reverse .
Update : Maybe I was too cryptic .
The original joke was , “ Capitalism is the exploitation of man by man .
Socialism is the reverse . ”
Communication would be limited to text and fake names would be used .
Anything requiring the true identity of the employee would be done via a trusted third party .
If the employee 's writing style reveals too much about his / her background , then he / she may request someone to help make his / her writing more generic .
Voters appeared to have handed Bolivian President Evo Morales a resounding victory Sunday , with exit polls showing they had approved a new constitution that will advance indigenous rights , strengthen state control over natural resources and permit him to seek another term .
Morales addressed a cheering crowd in the plaza before the presidential palace here Sunday night to claim victory and declare that “ Bolivia has been re-founded ” and that “ neoliberalism has been defeated . ”
According to exit polls by two television stations and a political consulting firm , at least 56 % of voters approved the 411 - article constitution .
The final count of votes is not expected for several days .
Advertisement
Approval of the constitution , which caps a two - year campaign by Morales , will give expanded discretionary powers to the president , such as the ability to dissolve Congress .
He will also be eligible to run for a second five - year term late next year .
The earlier constitution did not allow consecutive terms .
Observers expect him to dissolve Congress and call for new elections ahead of scheduled December 2009 balloting .
As expected , voters in the western highland states such as La Paz with large indigenous populations overwhelmingly approved the new charter , according to the preliminary results , while voters in the four eastern states that passed autonomy measures last year were resoundingly opposed .
For many voters interviewed Sunday in the city of La Paz , the nation ’s capital , the most salient features of the new charter are the strengthened rights for Bolivia ’s three dozen ethnic groups , which make up about a third of Bolivia ’s 9.2 million population .
The word “ indigenous ” appears 130 times in the new constitution .
Advertisement
According to clauses in the new document , those groups will now be able to eschew the traditional court system and resort to their own “ community justice , ” claim some nationalized lands as their own and receive a greater share of royalties on minerals and energy developed on or beneath those lands .
Interviews with residents of El Alto , a sprawling , mostly indigenous and mixed - race suburb of the capital , reflected high hopes that native communities will now have the stake in national life that many believe has long been denied them .
Preliminary counts showed 82 % of residents there approved the measure .
“ This is a great day because we never counted before and now we will , ” said law student Jenny Marca as she stood in the compound of Abel Iturralde School with her mother , who was dressed in traditional derby hat , shawl and hooped skirt .
Civil engineer Luciana Vargas , also of El Alto , said the previous constitution had to be changed because it favored the rich “ just like all our previous presidents favored them . ”
Advertisement
By checking boxes on their ballots , voters also were deciding on a cap of either 12,000 or 24,000 acres as the maximum landholdings per owner .
Landowners can be stripped of property that is not “ socially or economically useful . ”
But existing landowners with more than the maximum would be grandfathered in .
Clothing manufacturer Ricardo Ucharico predicted that many people would move from El Alto to occupy nationalized lands because “ the population here is growing and there is no room for them . ”
Political analyst and professor Ximena Costa said the new constitution is a step forward for Bolivia ’s indigenous peoples in that it gives them and their rights legal definition .
But the rights , especially those regarding territory , are uncertain and contradictory and could lead to many conflicts among the communities that may try to exert control , Costa said .
Advertisement
The divisions among voters on Morales and the constitution were apparent in central La Paz on Sunday morning .
Some opposed the new charter because of the added power it conferred on the president , a socialist who is an ideological ally of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez .
“ He wants to convert us into another Venezuela , ” dental technician Gabriel Paredes said .
“ Our children deserve a better future , not a socialism copied after Cuba ’s or authoritarianism like that of Chavez , ” retired railway worker Marcial Miranda said .
--
Advertisement
Special correspondent Oscar Ordonez contributed to this report .
--
( BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
Charter gives more rights to indigenous
Advertisement
Key elements of the new Bolivian Constitution proposed by President Evo Morales , which preliminary results Sunday showed had won approval from voters .
Presidential terms : Presidents are allowed to serve two consecutive five - year terms .
Current constitution permits two terms , but not consecutive .
Morales could remain in office through 2014 .
Indigenous rights : Recognizes self - determination of 36 distinct Indian “ nations . ”
Sets aside seats in Congress for minority indigenous groups .
Land : Future landownership will be capped at 12,000 or 24,000 acres , depending on which option a majority of voters selected .
Current holdings are grandfathered in .
The state can seize land that does n’t perform a “ social function ” or was fraudulently obtained .
Advertisement
Justice : High court judges are elected rather than appointed by the president .
The state recognizes indigenous groups ’ practice of “ community justice ” based on customs .
Local autonomy : Eastern lowland provinces are allowed to create state assemblies that control local issues , but not land reform or natural gas revenues .
Indigenous groups are granted self - rule on traditional lands inside existing states .
All autonomies have “ equal rank . ”
Natural resources :
The state controls all mineral , oil and gas reserves .
Indigenous groups get control of renewable resources on their land .
Water is a fundamental human right that may not be controlled by private companies .
Religion : Both the Christian God and Pachamama , the Andean earth deity , are honored .
Church and state are separate .
Freedom of religion is guaranteed , and no mention is made of the dominant Roman Catholic Church , a departure from the current constitution .
Advertisement
Press freedom :
Is guaranteed , though news media must “ respect the principles of truth and responsibility . ”
Homosexuality : Prohibits discrimination based on sexual orientation but refers to marriage as “ between a man and a woman . ”
Source : Associated Press
Are you cleverly waiting for that big moment of " capitulation , " where every other investor on earth except you panics and throws in the towel , allowing you to snap up their assets for peanuts ?
Yes , you probably are .
Because on CNBC for the past month , every other guest has explained that what everyone should wait for is " capitulation . "
Of course , investors have " capitulated " at least half a dozen times over the past month , and that has n't stopped the market from tumbling lower only days later .
But fear not :
The guests on CNBC will continue to talk about " capitulation " until you 're so bored or poor that you 're no longer listening .
( Or until the market rallies a thousand points , at which point they 'll confidently explain that the most recent huge downdraft was the great Capitulation -- but did n't tell you about at the time . )
As Jason Zweig explains in the WSJ , you would probably be well - advised to stop waiting for capitulation .
Sometimes bear markets end that way .
But sometimes they do n't .
Sometimes they end when no one is trading anymore because no one has any money anymore and no one cares :
There 's a belief that the market can hit bottom only when vast numbers of investors finally capitulate , throwing in the towel and selling off the last of their stock portfolios .
In theory , if you could spot this moment , you could make a killing buying at the bottom .
There are two problems here .
First , capitulation is almost impossible to define .
Second , even if you could get a positive ID on capitulation , that might not do you any good .
Market lows are n't necessarily marked by tidal waves of frantic selling ; just as frequently , stocks bottom out in a dull and lonely atmosphere as trading dries up and most investors no longer even care .
Bear markets often end not in capitulation but stupefaction ...
In truth , bear markets often end not in a crescendo of selling but a cloud of indifference .
For example , take Dec. 6 , 1974 , a day that will long live in market infamy .
The Dow closed at 577.60 , down 45 % from its levels in January 1973 .
Total trading volume was a tepid 15.5 million shares ; a few days earlier , it had totaled only 7.4 million , tying the lowest level in more than three years .
Lucien Hooper , one of the nation 's leading security analysts , told The Wall Street Journal that day that the market was " just waiting the bad times out . "
Far from throwing in the towel , most investors were n't even at ringside .
" The most interesting thing about [ the 1974 market bottom ] was its dullness , " veteran fund manager Ralph Wanger recalled to me .
" It was n't a crash , it was a mudslide .
You came in , watched the market go down a few points and went home .
The next day you went through the same thing all over again . "
And then , without a moment 's warning , the bull woke up and took off .
By Jan. 6 , 1975 , the market had shot up 10 % , and a year after that the Dow had risen 54 % from its 1974 low .
The government is to exempt details of all MPs ' and peers ' expenses from being disclosed under the Freedom of Information Act , and nullify all past requests by journalists and campaigners to get them published .
The decision was announced in a parliamentary order today published at the same time as the government announced controversial decisions on the third runway at Heathrow and compensation for millions of Equitable Life policyholders .
Harriet Harman , the leader of the house , is to use a special parliamentary order that can become law within 24 hours after being debated by MPs and peers next week .
It comes just as MPs were about to be forced , following a victory by campaigners at an information tribunal , to publish 1.2 m expenses receipts , covering the period between 2005 and 2008 .
In return the government is to increase the number of published categories , such as travel and accomodation , which detail where MPs used their expenses .
More details soon ...
Charlie jumped into the postbag to escape the rain
A cat is making a name for himself by helping the postman on his rounds in a Somerset town .
Charlie has been travelling with Nick Lock on his rounds in Woolavington for several weeks since he jumped into his postbag to escape the rain .
Mr Lock , 42 , told BBC News : " He was soaking wet through and I put my bag down - next thing he was in it .
" Most days now he 's about .
I think it 's because he likes people .
I do n't think he likes being by himself . "
The four - year - old cat belongs to Lara Lucas , 18 , who lives on the Meadway Road section of Nick 's route .
She said : '' Charlie follows Nick around and does his round with him every day .
I think it 's adorable .
' ' I could n't believe it when he started going around in Nick 's bag .
When I heard about it I fell into fits of laughter . "
WASHINGTON  Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said Tuesday that Iran had a “ clear opportunity ” to engage with the international community , amplifying the conciliatory tone struck a day earlier by President Obama toward Iran and the rest of the Muslim world .
Sketching out an ambitious diplomatic agenda , Mrs. Clinton also suggested that there could be some form of direct communication between the United States and North Korea .
And she said relations with China had been excessively influenced by economic issues during the Bush administration .
Mrs. Clinton , in her first remarks to reporters since becoming the nation ’s chief diplomat , said , “ There is a clear opportunity for the Iranians , as the president expressed in his interview , to demonstrate some willingness to engage meaningfully with the international community . ”
Speaking Monday to an Arabic - language news channel , Al Arabiya , Mr. Obama reiterated his determination that the United States explore ways to engage directly with Iran , even as he said Tehran ’s suspected pursuit of a nuclear weapon and its support for terrorist groups were destabilizing .
US exports have been growing faster than non-oil imports for the last two years .
The August trade data hints at a slowdown in exports .
But at least on a y/y basis , the slowdown remains modest .
As a result of the ( large ) gap between the pace of US non-oil import growth and the pace of US export growth , the non-oil deficit has fallen substantially .
Alas , the overall deficit has been more or less constant ( in dollar terms ) , as the petroleum deficit has expanded significantly .
But oil is now on its way back down .
What kind of improvement can the US expect ?
Well , if oil falls to $ 70 and stays there , the petroleum deficit will fall substantially .
Over the course of the year , the annual United States oil import bill could fall back to just under $ 300 b -- a roughly $ 100 b improvement over the deficit of the last 12 months ( and a much bigger improvement from the last three months , when imported oil averaged $ 120 a barrel ) .
And if the exports can continue to grow 9 - 10 % faster than non-oil imports , the non-oil deficit will also continue to improve .
1 % nominal ( non-oil ) import growth , 10 % nominal export growth and $ 70 oil produces a 2009 deficit of around $ 400 b -- almost $ 300 b better than now .
5 % nominal export growth and a 5 % fall in nominal imports would produce a similar result , but obviously implies a much worse trajectory for both the US and global economy .
The main risk to the forecast improvement is simple : US export growth ends up slowing more rapidly than US import growth , reducing the gap between the two growth rates .
If US non-oil exports and non-oil imports both fell by 5 % , the trade deficit would improve ( the US imports more than it exports ) , but it would n’t improve by all that much .
Of course , all of these projections are just that -- projections .
They mechanically illustrate the impact of different assumptions about oil prices and non-oil import and export growth rates on the overall balance .
They are n’t true forecasts .
And any forecast for the trade deficit ( which tracks the current account balance for the US well right now , as the transfers deficit is offset for the time being by a surplus on the income balance ) needs to be consistent with a broader macroeconomic view of the savings and investment balance .
Fortunately , do n’t think that it is all that hard to tell a broader macroeconomic story that is consistent with a significant improvement in the trade balance next year .
On the oil side , the core assumption is that the fall in the oil price reduces the oil exporters savings rather than their domestic consumption and investment -- so the fall in oil prices does n’t feed through to a fall in their imports ( read US exports ) .
On the US side , the assumption is that the windfall from lower oil prices is saved rather than spent on other goods and services .
Indeed the overarching assumption of this forecast is that private consumption growth slows ( and perhaps falls ) and private investment falls in the US -- and as a result American savers end up lending far more to the government than in the past .
The shift in the private savings and investment balance in turn makes a dramatic rise in the fiscal deficit consistent with a fall in the current account deficit .
Deutsche Bank -- according to Menzie Chinn -- is now forecasting both an 8 % of GDP US fiscal deficit ( well over $ 1 trillion ) next year and a significant improvement in the current account deficit .
Broadly speaking , the deterioration of the fiscal balance is what avoids an even sharper fall in US activity , and an even sharper fall in US imports .
Thanks to Arpana Pandey of the CFR for help with the graphs .
Another threat to Microsoft's ( MSFT ) Windows and Office crown jewels ?
The company is already dealing with the rising popularity of Apple 's ( AAPL ) Macs , and the slow evolution of free Office suite alternatives like Google ( GOOG ) Apps .
Now IBM ( IBM ) is aiming for its own piece of Microsoft 's pie -- IBM today says it will be pitching its corporate customers Linux - based terminals without hard drives that are " Microsoft - free . "
WSJ : The software package , available immediately , uses the Linux operating system and a set of IBM office applications that can be displayed on so - called thin clients , which do n't have processing units or hard drives .
IBM , based in Armonk , N.Y. , says pricing for the Virtual Linux Desktop would range from $ 59 to $ 289 per user , depending on what software and service level the customer chose .
IBM estimates that a corporate customer licensing the software would save $ 500 to $ 800 a year per user , compared with buying a license for Microsoft 's Vista operating system , Office suite and collaboration tools .
Will it work ?
Not soon .
Companies including IBM , Oracle ( ORCL ) , and Sun ( JAVA ) have had a very tough time convincing companies so far that thin clients are worth the few extra dollars in savings .
Because usually they 're not .
Why ?
Because in reality , desktop PCs are very , very cheap -- and worth their price .
Even if you do n't require Windows or Office all the time , there 's still a good chance that most people will need to run some software that runs on a major ( Windows or Mac ) operating system fairly regularly , and with some actual processing power behind it .
And further , most Linux operating systems and the software that runs on top of it offer a terrible user experience .
There 's a good reason people are still paying extra to run Windows on new , Internet - centric " netbook " computers -- because for normal people , it 's better than Linux .
See Also :
Microsoft's Real Problem : The Second Coming of Apple
Ballmer : Google Apps Blow , No One Actually Uses Them
mood : quixotic quixotic music : Janis Ian - Billie's Bones
So I was thinking this morning about what I said about having a problem with the lack of female characters ( other than the redheaded assassin ) in ' book , and that got me thinking again about an ongoing problem in all writing ( and most art ) , which is , of course , Writing The Other without being a dick .
I still hold by the unpopular theory that it 's actually pretty simple .
( Simple , in this case , still does not mean " easy . " )
That in the long run , we are all people , and the basic similarities in the Venn diagram are more prevalent than the differences .
Please note , as a fantasy and science fiction writer , I spend a lot of my time writing things that are really Other - - intelligent wolves and giant talking stag - headed ponies , for example .
Also angels ( fallen and otherwise ) , hyperintelligent supercolloids , virtual winged dinosaurs , and other stuff .
So I keep thinking , well , if I can write something that does n't even have the same senses I do , how hard can it be to write a Jewish former Army Captain from St. Louis ?
Well , the problem is , I 'm much more likely to run into a Jewish former Army Captain from St. Louis .
And she 'll tell me I 'm getting it wrong .
The talking stag - headed flying ponies do n't have much of a lobby here on our planet .
But here 's the thing .
Unless I 'm going to write people just like me , I 'm going to have to write The Other .
And there 's gotta be a limited market for EBear self - insertion novels .
Especially if it starts looking like that scene in Being John Malkovitch , where all the Malkovitches are walking around going Malkovitch Malkovitch .
You know .
Like you do .
And besides , then I 'd just be like , the butch girly version of Tom Clancy , and -- well , that does n't bear thinking about .
So I 'm going to have to write people who are not like me .
Okay , cool .
How do I do that ?
Well , I think the first step is to stop thinking about those people as The Other .
Because they 're not .
I mean , okay , they may not be a lot like you ?
But they 're also people , and if you can question your own cultural assumptions about what people ought to be like , and also the stereotypes you 've probably assimilated without knowing it , you can hopefully write people who are not just like you .
They 're not Those People .
They 're people .
People are
You may not be able to do it with the kind of deep immersion somebody who grew up in that culture can -- one of the real joys aboutcoming on board for Shadow Unit is how much easier it 's getting to make Falkner properly Jewish -- but you can at least try not to make a dog 's breakfast or a blaxsploitation film out of it .
You probably know some people who are not like you , and not like mainstream culture either .
One thing to do is ask .
I am not Jewish .
I am not Catholic .
When I write Jewish or Catholic characters , I try to get a couple of friends who are Jewish or Catholic to read those stories and tell me where I blew it .
I 'm also not middle - class , black , latina , Muslim , Canadian , white American ( in the sense that yes , I am fairly amelanistic and chiefly though not entirely of European descent , but my cultural upbringing has very little in common with that of your average WASP ) ...... I 'm really not anything at all .
I 've rejected the subculture I grew up in and was acculturated to .
I 'm totally out of touch with what it 's become in the intervening fifteen years .
`So if I 'm going to write anybody , really , I have to find somebody to ask .
When I wrote " Sonny Liston Takes The Fall , " I threw myself on the mercy of a lot of friends with heritage through the African diaspora , because it was important to me to get it right .
Not writing the story was not an option : it was in me and it wanted out , in the way that art has .
And I still honestly think it 's my best work , and I really hope I did it justice .
But when I write , I am very aware , always , that if I am writing a character who has a personal background that is not bog - standard , there is going to be some twelve year old kid out there who is going to find that character , and it 's going to be the only character like them they have ever seen , and if I screw it up then I am , essentially , tossing sand in the eyes of that kid .
I knew that when I was writing Lily in Whiskey and Water .
I knew it when I was writing Jenny Casey .
Actually , now that I think about it , I suspect the thing that all of my characters have in common is that they are somebody 's Other .
Because , having been the Other all my life , it 's what I know how to write .
And because of that experience , I desperately do not want to be part of the problem .
I want to be part of the normalization .
I want to work against the idea of The Other in any way I can .
I do not wish to contribute to tokenism , or stereotyping , or kicking sand in the eyes of that twelve - year old kid .
I 've been that twelve - year - old kid , and I 've seen my story exploited ( cheaply , commonly , because some of the things that contribute to my own status as Other are things that are hot - button issues for a lot of readers , and easy for the writer to install and then push , push , push ) and you know what ?
It feels awful , and I 'm going to try very hard not to do it to anybody else .
I will probably fail , because people do fail , but I 'm going to try .
So , okay , I said it 's simple but not easy .
How do I do it ?
1 )
For one thing , stop thinking about this person you 're writing as The Other .
Think of them as human , an individual .
Not A Man. Not A Woman .
Not A Chinese Person or A Handicapped Person or A Person With Cancer or a Queer Person .
A person .
Stop trying to make them universal , and make them unique .
1a )
Do not use Otherness as a basis for pointing out how Wrongheaded Those People Are .
Or , conversely , How Enlightened And Noble .
They 're not .
They 're people .
Sure , you can pick the subculture you like and line 'em up and knock them down , and some are easier targets than others .
But out there , somewhere , is a 12 - year - old kid just beginning to tentatively explore her sexuality as a furry , and do you want to be the one who makes her feel even more ashamed and awful than she already does ?
If you are going to write about people , try to be humane about it .
Please do not use queerness , whiteness , blackness , obesity , or any such thing as a shorthand for Ebil .
( I have a special hate in my heart for Teh Ebil Albino .
One of my best friends is albino .
I will give you a Very Disappointed Look if I find you bandying about Teh Ebil Albino .
Guy Gavriel Kay , I'm LOOKING AT YOU . )
Also , do not use it for a shorthand for Good .
If all your good people are carnivorous and polyamorous , and all the bad ones are vegan celibates , we 're going to catch on .
You 're either overcompensating , or you really hate vegans .
( One of the editorial comments on Carnival was that the New Amazonians should be culturally lesbian .
I said no for several reasons .
One : I believe straight people exist .
I even know a few .
Two : I was not going to have that subtext in my book , thanks .
)
2 )
If you do not know a great deal about people who share experiences with the person you are trying to write , research .
Find some people whose lives were informed by similar experiences and talk to them .
Read primary sources .
ETA : per 's comment below , Possibly even do the research , write the story , andask them to read it for dumb mistakes .
if your friends are writers , so much the better .
Also , do not assume that the experience of your friends is Universal , because they are also unique individuals , and real live cultures and subcultures resist being simplified into An Experience .
( The Gay Experience .
The Black Experience .
The White Experience .
The Rich White Guy Experience .
The Jimi Hendrix Experience ... okay , that last onevalid . )
Also , if you actually understand what you are writing about , it 's much less likely to come across as exploitative or hurtful .
3 ) Listen .
And try to listen with openness and without assuming you understand .
In anthropology , we talk about ethnocentrism , and the idea that cultural preconceptions color everything we perceive .
Try to alienate yourself a little from your own tribal programming .
Try to set aside your gut reaction to things that may seem horrifying or inexplicable or ignorant , and accept that your tribal programming is just that , tribal programming , and this other person 's life is as valid an experiential path as your own .
When you create , try to reflect that , rather than using it as window dressing .
ETA : 3a )
When you create your alien races , please please please try to make them something other than thinly disguised Japanese people .
It 's racist , and we will notice .
No , really .
We will .
4 ) Diversify .
If you have one woman , one person of color , one queer , one whatever in the universe you 're creating , chances are that they will be perceived as a token , and anything you do to them will become fraught with symbolic freight .
If you only have one female character , and her major contribution to the plot is to get raped and then marry the hero and have babies , I do n't care what you intended to say about her strength and recovery from trauma , I 'm going to see a writer who brings a woman on stage just to have her get raped and let Hero Protagonist show a little sensitivity .
If you only have one character of color , and she 's there to teach the protagonist earthy wisdom , mentor him , and then get snuffed , I 'm going to roll my eyes .
5 ) Be wary of patterns .
If all your characters who are not like American Culture Base White Middle Class Protestant Male Able default seem to have the same sorts of things happening to them , people will catch on .
( Frank Miller , I 'm looking at you . ) 6 )
Accept that no matter what you 're doing , some people are going to think you 're getting it wrong .
And that 's okay .
Quite probably , for them , you are , but you can't make everybody happy .
It 's physically impossible .
And at least you 'll be doing the best that you can .
Hamas says it is drawing up lists of the wounded - estimated at about 600 Egypt says the Hamas militant group , which controls Gaza , is preventing hundreds of wounded Palestinians from leaving for treatment in Egypt .
Cairo says dozens of empty ambulances are at the Rafah crossing - the only one to Gaza which avoids Israel .
Hamas said it was drawing up lists of the injured but that it was difficult getting them to the border because of the ongoing Israeli air strikes .
Egypt has summoned Israel 's ambassador to demand an end to the bombardment .
Hamas officials say 271 Palestinians have been killed and 600 wounded since Israel began its aerial assault on the Gaza Strip on Saturday , but none of the injured have yet left via Rafah .
[ The hospitals ] were strangled and starved of essential drugs in the last few months so it 's inevitable that they are at a point of collapse
Christopher Gunness
UN Relief Works Agency Egypt has helicopters and doctors on standby at the Rafah crossing .
There are also up to 40 ambulances waiting to go into Gaza to bring out the most seriously wounded .
Tonnes of medical supplies have arrived at the nearby airport of El - Arish .
But the Egyptian authorities say that , at the moment , they have no - one to treat .
Egypt 's Foreign Minister Ahmed Aboul Gheit said the wounded were " barred from crossing " and he blamed " those in control of Gaza " for putting the lives of the injured at risk .
Talking peace Gaza has been crippled by an Israeli blockade of all but the most essential supplies , leaving even basic medicines in desperate shortage .
The UN Relief Works Agency - the largest humanitarian organisation working in Gaza - said it has had to stop distributing food and that hospitals were " near to collapse " .
Spokesman Christopher Gunness told the BBC that the organisation was struggling to maintain its 18 clinics in Gaza .
" [ The hospitals ] were strangled and starved of essential drugs in the last few months so it 's inevitable that they are at a point of collapse when they 're faced with the influx of patients that they 're now facing , " he said .
" The guns simply must fall silent and people must start talking peace . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Officials in New York said the state ’s trust fund has about $ 314 million , compared with $ 595 million last year , and will most likely have to borrow from the federal government in January .
The situation puts states , many of them facing huge deficits , in an even tighter vise .
As more people lose their jobs , the revenue base that the benefits are drawn from shrinks , making it harder to pay claims .
Adding to that burden is that states will eventually have to pay back what they borrow .
Some states are worried about next year because the lion ’s share of unemployment taxes are collected early in each year , and they are not sure the money will stretch through the end of the next year .
The maximum amount of income the federal government can tax employers for each worker is $ 7,000 .
( The amount ranges from about $ 7,000 to about $ 25,000 for state taxes . )
“ It is something that we are concerned about , ” said Kim Brannock , a spokeswoman for the Office of Employment and Training in Kentucky , where the unemployment trust fund balance now sits at $ 133 million , compared with $ 250 million a year ago .
The fund has not borrowed money from the federal government since the 1980s .
“ At this point we are solvent , ” she said , “ but we are monitoring the situation . ”
States that come up short have the option of borrowing from the federal government , but if the loan is not paid back within the federal fiscal year , 4.7 percent interest is accrued , which cuts into states ’ general funds .
“ With longer term solvency issues due to the sharp increase in unemployment , federal borrowing quickly becomes expensive , ” said Loree Levy , a spokeswoman for the Employment Development Department in California , which is already facing a multibillion dollar budget gap .
“ We are anticipating interest payments of $ 20 million in 2009 - 10 and if nothing is done to revise the revenue generation model the interest would be $ 150 million in 2010 - 11 . ”
As such , they are then forced to raise taxes or cut services , or both .
Robert Vincent , a spokesman for the Gtech Corporation , a technology company for the lottery industry based in Rhode Island , said , “ Unemployment taxes are one of a number of taxes that make it difficult to do business here . ”
A balloon - borne instrument called ARCADE mapped a doughnut - shaped region that covered some 7 % of the sky ( coloured region ) , turning up an unexplained radio signal ( Illustration : NASA / ARCADE )
A balloon - borne experiment has turned up a mysterious radio signal that seems to be coming from beyond the Milky Way .
Astronomers do not yet have a clear explanation for the static , but say it could come from the universe ’s first generation of stars .
The noise was found with a balloon - borne instrument called ARCADE , which flew for four hours at an altitude of 37 kilometres above Texas in July 2006 .
The instrument mapped a doughnut - shaped region that covered some 7 % of the sky .
The team intended to look for slight deviations in the spectrum of the cosmic microwave background , the first radiation emitted after the big bang .
Instead , after subtracting known radio sources in the Milky Way and other galaxies , an unexplained radio static was left that seemed to pervade the sky and was some six times louder than all known astronomical sources combined at the same radio frequency .
Advertisement
“ It is exciting evidence of something new and interesting going on in the universe , ” ARCADE leader Alan Kogut of the Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Maryland , said on Wednesday at a meeting of the American Astronomical Society in Long Beach , California .
First starlight ?
The source of the signal is not clear .
One possibility is that it is the last gasp of the universe ’s first stars , stellar behemoths that were hundreds of times more massive than the Sun and died within the first billion years after the big bang .
As their cores collapsed into black holes , the stars may have spewed out jets of charged particles that produced radio emission .
That emission might account for the unexplained signal .
In 2005 , another team of astronomers made a similar claim about detecting infrared light from the earliest stars .
They said that infrared light that the Spitzer telescope could not trace to individual stars or galaxies might have been the diffuse glow of the universe ’s first stars , but others countered that it came from nearby galaxies that were just too faint for Spitzer to see .
Another possibility is that the mysterious radio signal could be created in distant galaxies , whose supermassive black holes whip charged particles up to high speeds , generating radio emission .
High precision
This signal has not been seen until now because ground - based telescopes did not have the required precision to detect it , team member Michael Seiffert of NASA ’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California told New Scientist .
To see the radio signal , ARCADE carried some 2000 litres of liquid helium to cool its detectors and instruments , bringing it to some - 270 °C .
Creating similar conditions on Earth would require sealing a telescope in a vacuum chamber .
That would reduce the precision of the observations by placing a barrier between the telescope and the radiation it is meant to detect .
The team is confident they have found a true signal .
“ We do n’t think there ’s a lot of wiggle room in the result , ” Seiffert said .
David Spergel of Princeton University , who is not on the team , is impressed with the research .
“ This is an exciting result , ” he told New Scientist .
“ The excess does not seem to be coming from the Galaxy nor does it appear to be an instrumental artifact . ”
“ The most plausible explanations are either emission from young star - forming galaxies or from an early generation of black holes .
A more exotic possibility would be the annihilation signal from dark matter , ” he says .
“ We will need more data to understand the source of this new background . ”
The loophole in the U.S. Constitution : recent developments
Some time ago I wrote a couple of articles [ 1 ] [ 2 ] on the famous story that Kurt Gödel claimed to have found a loophole in the United States Constitution through which the U.S. could have become a dictatorship .
I proposed a couple of speculations about what Gödel 's loophole might have been , and reported on another one by Peter Suber .
Recently Jeffrey Kegler wrote to inform me of some startling new developments on this matter .
Although it previously appeared that the story was probably true , there was no firsthand evidence that it had actually occurred .
The three witnesses would have been Philip Forman ( the examining judge ) , Oskar Morgenstern and Albert Einstein .
But , although Morgenstern apparently wrote up an account of the epsiode , it was lost .
Until now , that is .
The Institute for Advanced Study ( where Gödel , Einstein , and Morgenstern were all employed ) posted an account on its web site , and M. Kegler was perceptive enough to realize that this account was probably written by someone who had access to the lost Morgenstern document but did not realize its significance .
M. Kegler followed up the lead , and it turned out to be correct .
Kegler 's Morgenstern website has a lot of additional detail , including the original document itself .
Now came an exciting development .
[ Gödel ] rather excitedly told me that in looking at the Constitution , to his distress , he had found some inner contradictions , and he could show how in a perfectly legal manner it would be possible for somebody to become a dictator and set up a Fascist regime , never intended by those who drew up the Constitution .
But before I let you get too excited about this , a warning : Morgenstern does n't tell us what Gödel 's loophole was !
( Kegler 's reading is that Morgenstern did n't care . )
So although the truth of story has finally been proved beyond doubt , the central mystery remains .
The document is worth reading anyway .
It 's only three pages long , and it paints a fascinating picture of both Gödel , who is exactly the sort of obsessive geek that you always imagined he was , and of Einstein , who had a cruel streak that he was careful not to show to the public .
Kegler 's website is also worth reading for its insightful analysis of the lost document and its story .
[ Other articles in category / law ] permanent link
We were recently fortunate enough to visit Seagate ’s operation in Ireland .
This was n’t a pleasure trip .
Rather , the purpose was to tour of one of the manufacturer ’s most important manufacturing sites : Springtown , home to the plant where over 30 % of the world ’s hard disk read / write heads come from .
If you ’ve ever wondered just what ’s under the hood of your hard disk , come with us as we take a behind - the - scenes tour of exactly how the process works .
Seagate is a vertically - integrated company , which means that they control the production of all the components needed for fabricating their final product , ( hard disks .
The fabrication of a hard drive calls on a number of distinct production sites spread out over the planet , each with a particular specialty .
The Springtown fab is dedicated to the development and large - scale fabrication of read / write heads .
It ’s in charge of production of 80 % of the magnetic heads used in Seagate hard disks .
Springtown has a sister plant in Minneapolis , Minnesota , that provides the remaining 20 % .
Among the parts that make up a hard disk , the most critical are the magnetic platters on which information is actually stored , as well as the read / write heads .
Of course , we must n’t leave out the motors that spin the platters at high speed and the control electronics , which play an essential role in determining the disk ’s performance .
In a Seagate disk , the only components that are outsourced ( supplied by sub-contractors ) are the control ICs .
The design of the circuits and development of the firmware are still a Seagate specialty , according to the company , playing a very important role in their disks ’ performance .
Once fabricated , the heads are sent to Korat or Bangkok in Thailand , where they ’re mounted on arms to become what Seagate calls sliders .
The sliders must then be mounted on gimbals to form the Head Gimbal Assembly ( HGA ) for single - platter drives , or Head Stack Assembly ( HSA ) in the case of hard disks with several platters and heads .
Finally , the platters , HGAs , motors , and other components are assembled into hard drives at mega-plants in Wuxian and Suzhou , China or Penang , Malaysia .
Just what is a hard - disk head ?
To the naked eye , it ’s a tiny object that floats or “ flies ” above the spinning platters of the drive , attached to the end of its arm .
With the aid of an electron microscope , you can actually make out two elements : a read head and a write head .
The job of the read head is to detect changes in the magnetic flux pattern that mark the difference between a 0 bit and a 1 bit .
The read head is made of a magnetoresistant material — one whose electrical resistance changes as a function of the magnetic field it passes through .
The write head is more complex , since it must generate a magnetic field strong enough to change the polarity of the disk ’s substrate .
It has one or more coils that perform this function .
The dimensions of the head are impressive .
With a width of less than a hundred nanometers and a thickness of about ten , it flies above the platter at a speed of up to 15,000 RPM , at a height that ’s the equivalent of 40 atoms .
If you start multiplying these infinitesimally small numbers , you begin to get an idea of their significance .
Consider this little comparison : if the read / write head were a Boeing 747 , and the hard - disk platter were the surface of the Earth :
The head would fly at Mach 800
At less than one centimeter from the ground
And count every blade of grass
Making fewer than 10 unrecoverable counting errors in an area equivalent to all of Ireland .
All the elements of the head are fabricated very much the same way as processors are .
They are formed from wafers , using photolithography and deposition of appropriate materials .
The Springtown facility currently fabricates its heads on wafers with a six inch ( 15.24 cm ) diameter .
Since July 2007 , conversion has been underway to allow the use of larger eight - inch ( 20.32 cm ) wafers .
This requires a large investment — 150 million euros over a period of three years , whereas the initial cost of the equipment for fabricating with six - inch wafers was 700 million euros .
But as usual , this cost will be quickly recouped due to resulting gains in productivity .
Seagate produces approximately 30,000 heads from a six - inch wafer , but 80,000 can be made from an eight - inch wafer .
Seagate is one of the rare producers of magnetic heads .
Among the other hard - disk manufacturers , Hitachi and Western Digital also have their own fabs , whereas Toshiba , Fujitsu , Samsung , and ExcelStor use heads fabricated by TDK .
Production of the heads is a very complex , very long process .
No fewer than 200 steps are required to produce a single wafer .
Given the time taken up by these operations and the constraints related to working hours , an average of 60 days elapse between the time a raw wafer enters the production line and the time when the finished product leaves .
The technology used is comparable to what other major manufacturers in the sector can do .
The smallest structures etched measure 40 to 50 nm .
There is one big difference , however : the wafers contain no silicon .
They ’re in fact slices of a high - performance ceramic called aluminum titanium carbide ( AlTiC ) .
The first stage in the fabrication process is photolithography , which involves imprinting the pattern onto which the different active layers will be deposited , using optical projection .
The etching is done in successive stages , with the wafer moving under the photomask in precise increments so that one pattern is imprinted , then the next , and so on .
This behavior is why the machines are called " steppers . "
Because of the level of mechanical precision required for the movements of the wafers in the different machines , any form of vibration must be eliminated .
To do this , the machines are installed on special shock - absorbing feet and isolated from the rest of the floor .
Once the wafers are etched , they go to the deposition stages .
These operations are performed in vacuum enclosures by robots that are stocked with all the necessary materials .
There are a total of up to 30 to 40 different layers on a single wafer , including the magnetically active layers , then all the ones necessary for chemical and mechanical protection .
The diversity of the materials used is astounding ; it includes cobalt , nickel , iron , platinum and magnesium .
The thickness of the different layers is controlled with absolute precision .
Certain layers are less than two Ångströms thick , which is less than the diameter of a single atom of many elements .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Credit card companies have little to celebrate as many analysts brace for 2009 to be one of the worst years on record for consumer credit .
A shopper uses her credit card to pay for a purchase in Burbank , California November 28 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Fred Prouser
Losses for the industry could top $ 70 billion , but it is hard to predict how bad the pain will be .
U.S. consumers have never before been so deeply in debt .
There was nearly $ 1 trillion of credit and charge card debt outstanding as of October , up more than 25 percent since 2003 , according to the U.S. Federal Reserve .
That is in addition to $ 10.54 trillion in mortgage debt .
Unemployment , already at 15 - year highs , is expected to rise to its highest levels since the early 1980s , when credit cards were not nearly as widespread .
In short , there ’s more debt than ever and fewer people are able to pay it .
“ In many ways , we ’re in uncharted territory , ” said John Williams , an analyst at Macquarie Research .
Major credit losses are big trouble for Citigroup Inc , C.N Bank of America BAC.N , and other card issuers such as American Express Co AXP.N and Discover Financial Services DFS.N , which have seen their shares lose up to 80 percent of their value in 2008 .
The United States is not standing idly by .
Citigroup received $ 45 billion of taxpayers ’ money in October and November .
Bank of America has received $ 25 billion .
American Express , which became a bank holding company , got approval last week to receive $ 3.4 billion from the taxpayer - funded Troubled Asset Relief Program .
Lenders , seeing potential big losses , are trying to protect themselves by tightening credit availability , which leaves consumers with fewer options .
This year ’s holiday shopping season was the worst since at least 1970 , according to a report from the International Council of Shopping Centers .
“ It is hard to see the light at the end of the tunnel , ” Williams said .
NOWHERE TO HIDE
No credit card company is safe .
According to Citigroup analysts , more than one - fourth of the credit card portfolios of Citibank , Bank of America Corp BAC.N , Capital One Corp COF.N , and Discover are subprime , which could lead to further losses .
Meanwhile , American Express is heavily exposed to troubled markets with high default rates such as Florida and California , and J.P. Morgan Chase & Co JPM.N has to digest the portfolio of failed savings and loans company Washington Mutual .
Together , these six companies hold around 90 percent of the total U.S. outstanding credit card debt .
Citigroup and American Express have said they are tightening lending to mitigate their losses .
J.P. Morgan and Bank of America declined to comment , while Capital One did not return calls seeking comment .
Credit card companies have reported increased losses .
Discover , the No. 4 U.S. credit card network , posted worse - than - expected results in its fourth fiscal quarter , the first sign of the harsh deterioration of the industry , when the economic downturn picked up steam in October and November .
Discover almost doubled the money it set aside to cover credit losses .
Analysts said its competitors would likely do the same in coming quarters , leading to lower earnings .
“ Things have changed pretty rapidly in the last two months .
I ’m hopeful that we will see the worst in 2009 , but I do n’t know yet , ” David Nelms , chief executive of Discover , told Reuters in a recent interview .
Many analysts and credit card executives look at 2009 and remember the beginning of the mortgage crisis in early 2007 , when lenders consistently underestimated what was coming up .
Said Chris Brendler , analyst at Stifel Nicolaus , “ The risk is that things get much worse than expected . ”
以前にお伝えした携帯の絵文字の符号化の提案だが，ついに2009年2月のUTCミーティングに向けてのパブリックレビューを開始した．詳しくは，GoogleグループのMarkus Schererの次の投稿を見て頂きたい．
" Emoji : Public Review December 2008 " （Googleグループ " emoji4unicode " ）
コメントの〆切は2009年1月14日（水）である．この主なターゲットはUnicodeコンソーシアムメンバーなのだが，他にも絵文字の符号化に興味，関心，利害のある人々にぜひ積極的にフィードバックして欲しいそうである．ぜひ，日本のみなさんにも積極的にこの提案を評価・検討して頂くことをお願いしたい．フィードバック方法は，Googleグループの" emoji4unicode"に投稿して頂くだけでよい（できる限り全員が読める英語の方がよいが，関係者に日本人もいるのでどうしても難しければ日本語でもかまわないと思う）．
なお，現在の絵文字表は以下の通りであり，そのチェックポイントもMarkusのメールに書かれている．
" Table for Working Draft Proposal for Encoding Emoji Symbols "
なお，ここで注目したいのは，次の一文である．
The Unicode / UTC Subcommittee on Encoding of Symbols is working on a proposal for the encoding of emoji symbols in the Unicode Standard and in ISO 10646 , with active participation by Google , Apple , Microsoft and others .
つまり，実はこの提案やフォント作成などの実作業には，Googleに加えてAppleとMicrosoftも積極的に関わっていることが示されている．
8 episodes a week until latest are up ; Crunchyroll drops unauthorized content
Viz Media 's Naruto.com website , the Crunchyroll video - sharing website , and the Hulu.com website have begun streaming the first eight English - subtitled episodes of the Naruto Shippūden ninja anime sequel series for free at 6:00 a.m. ET on Friday .
The websites will continue adding eight more episodes of Shippūden at that same time every week until they are caught up with the latest episodes broadcasted in Japan .
Crunchyroll will also simulcast the latest episodes of Shippūden within an hour of their Japanese broadcast to Crunchyoll Anime Membership subscribers , starting on January 8 .
Naruto.com , Crunchyroll , Hulu , and Joost.com will stream the same episodes for free a week later .
Crunchyroll has also announced that it has removed user - uploaded content and officially added the following anime series to its website : Gintama , Eyeshield 21 , Skip Beat ! , Shugo Chara , Dear Boys , Chrono Crusade , and Neo Angelique Abyss .
The website will begin simulcasting Gintama , Shugo Chara , Skip Beat , Natsume Yujincho , Web Ghosts PiPoPa ( Net Ghost PiPoPa ) , Linebarrels of Iron , and The Tower of Druaga : the Sword of Uruk within hours of their Japanese broadcast next week .
Crunchyroll has posted a list of its authorized content , with some titles that have yet to be announced .
The anime content on the different sites will not be available to all countries — for example , Naruto Shippuden on Crunchyroll will be available to all countries except Japan and France .
Image © 2002 Masashi Kishimoto / 2007 Shippuden
If you has only a passing interest in oil prices , it was not hard to notice the gaping price disparity between the two most widely quoted indexes , the current month Brent crude futures versus WTI ( West Texas Intermediate ) ,
In the days prior to contract expiration in December , WTI traded as much as $ 9 below Brent .
Right now , with January expiration near , the disparity is a flat $ 10 , with Brent at $ 46.20 versus $ 36.20 for WTI .
That , of course , makes no sense .
The culprit is limited storage in Cushing , Oklahoma .
As Eugen Weinberg , a commodities specialist with Commerzbank , pointed out last May :
The West Texas Intermediate oil contract , based on delivery in Cushing , Oklahoma , is good for 300,000 - 400,000 barrels per day .
The storage capacity in Cushing is about 20.5 m barrels .
The trading volume on which that is based is between 500 m and 600 m barrels per day .
If you are going to manipulate the price , you would think about doing that in Cushing .
Now it may be that the oil glut is showing up even worse in Cushing than elsewhere because above ground storage is maxed out ( even ships are full ) , or it may also be the evil specs .
But the initial reaction among traders is to treat WTI warily .
From the Financial Times :
Remembering the good all days , when me and my friends were playing Doom , Mortal Kombat , Quake or War Craft on a Pentium 133 MHz computer with Sound Blaster and a 4MB video card .
A lot has changed since then .
Video games actually are a lot older than that we used to play in the 90s .
The first video game was created in 1947 called Tennis for two and it was played on an oscilloscope like device .
With the release of Apple II , Commodore 64 and the ZX Spectrum in late 70s early 80s people could afford to buy such devices and to play video games from their own home .
By the mid 80s the video game industry started to evolve at a fast pace releasing games such as Zork , Battlezone and Bard ’s Tale .
The 1990s became the golden age of computer video games and gave birth to a large number of game developers and publishers such as Activision , Electronic Arts , Blizzard and id Software
From design and graphics point of view , video games greatly evolved and continue to do so .
Writing about 90s computer games in 2008 is somewhat nostalgic and in the same time it ’s funny , because what can you expect from a 16 bit graphic display and a 100 MHz machine , but remembering that in those days these configs were king just as 3,6 GHz and Nvidia GeForce 9400 nowdays .
So , let ’s look at how the graphics and design evolved starting from 1990 .
1990
Nintendo releases Super Famicom 16 bit console
Creative Labs introduces Soundblaster Pro
Wing Commander
Source : mobygames.com
Super Mario World
Source : mobygames.com
Final Fantasy III
Source : mobygames.com
Commander Keen
Source : mobygames.com
1991
Graphic accelerator cards are born
id Software is founded
Tim Berners - Lee introduces the World Wide Web
Intel sells 486SX processors
Civilization
Source : mobygames.com
Road Rash
Source : mobygames.com
The Legend of Zelda
Source : mobygames.com
Neverwinter Nights
Source : mobygames.com
1992
Microsoft releases Windows 3.1
Mortal Kombat
Source : mobygames.com
Wolfenstein 3D
Source : mobygames.com
Dune II
Source : mobygames.com
1993
Microsoft releases Windows NT and MS - DOS 6
Intel Pentium 60 MHz processor is released
Sim City 2000
Source : markhell.wordpress.com/2008/02
Doom
Source : mobygames.com
Virtua Fighter
Source : Wikipedia
Master of Orion
Source : warpcore.org
1994
Commodore computers files for bankruptcy
3DFX is founded ( company known for it ’s Voodoo video cards )
First Sony Playstation is introduced
Heretic
Source : http://www.happypenguin.org/
Warcraft
Source : mobygames.com
Tekken
Source : mobygames.com
1995
The first E3 is held in Las Vegas
Microsoft Windows 95 is released
DirectX 1.0 is introduced by Microsoft
ATX motherboards are born
Warcraft II
Source : immortalmachines.com
The Need For Speed
Source : mobygames.com
Command and Conquer
Source : mobygames.com
1996
Intel released 200 MHz Pentium
DirectX 2.0 is released
Nintendo releases the first true 64 bit game console
Quake
Source : www.geocities.com/adel_bball/fun.html
Duke Nukem 3D
Source : mobygames.com
M.A.X .
Source : mobygames.com
1997
Wi-Fi is released
DirectX 5.0 is released
Intel introduces MMX chips
First DVDs are sold
Intel 233 MHz processor is introduced
Grand Theft Auto
Source : mobygames.com
Total Annihilation
Source : mobygames.com
Age of Empires
Source : gamegoldies.org
Final Fantasy VII
Source : TeamTeaBag
Quake 2
Source : midwesternbias.blogspot.com
Diablo
Source : chello.at/theodor.lauppert
1998
Intel releases Celeron processors
AMD 3DNow ! is born
Rockstar Games is founded
Half Life
Source : mobygames.com
Starcraft with Broodwar expansion
Source : mobygames.com
Microsoft Flight Simulator 98
Source : mobygames.com
StarCraft
Source : thezeal.com
Unreal
Source : mobygames.com
1999
Sega Dreamcast is released
Pentium III 500 MHz is introduced
n Vidia introduces the GPU ( Graphics Processor Unit )
EverQuest
Source : flatrock.org.nz
Heroes of Might and Magic III
Source : mobygames.com
2000
Sony Playstation 2 is released with better graphics capability than a PC
The Sims
Source : thesims.eagames.nl /
Counter Strike
Source : ob81.com
Colin McRae Rally 2
Source : mobygames.com
Grand Theft Auto 2
Source : ugo.com
2001
Microsoft enters the game consoles market with it ’s XBox console
Max Payne
Source : mobygames.com
Grand Theft Auto 3
Source : compactiongames.about.com
Return to Castle Wolfenstein
Source : softpedia.com
Halo
Source : mobygames.com
Empire Earth
Source : gamesurge.com
2002
Mafia
Source : the -nextlevel.com
Diablo II Lord of destruction
Source : freegamesclub.blogspot.com
Warcraft 3
Source : ogre3d.org
Neverwinter Nights
Source : mobygames.com
Splinter Cell
Source : Wikipedia
Dungeon Siege
Source : gameogre.com
Battlefield 1942
Source : juegaenred.com
Baldur ’s Gate – Dark Alliance
Source : filefront.com
2003
Nokia introduces the first console / mobile phone hybrid , the N - Gage series
Sony Playstation Portable is developed
Call of Duty
Source : Wikipedia
Tony Hawk ’s Underground
Source : g4tv.com
Prince of Persia
Source : mobygames.com
Max Payne 2
Source : thierrygagnon.com
Rise of Nations
Source : compactiongames.about.com
2004
Acclaim declared bankruptcy
Doom 3
Source : flickr.com
World of Warcraft
Source : mobygames.com
Grand Theft Auto San Andreas
Source : flickr.com
Far Cry
Source : flickr.com
Half Life 2
Source : flickr.com
Halo 2
Source : computergames.ro
2005
XBox 360 is released
Sony Playstation Portable is released
Medal of Honor – European Assault
Source : mobygames.com
F.E.A.R .
Source : flickr.com
Age of Empires 3
Source : flickr.com
Guitar Hero
Source : mobygames.com
Need for Speed Most Wanted
Source : flickr.com
2006
The Godfather
Source : mobygames.com
Gears of War – 2006 ( on XBOX ) , 2007 ( On Windows )
Source : mobygames.com
The Legend of Zelda : Twilight Princess
Source : Wikipedia
Elder Scrolls IV – Oblivion
Source : IGN
Hitman Blood Money
Source : mobygames.com
Prey
Source : steamreview.org
Heroes of Might and Magic V
Source : www.gameogre.com
Titan Quest
Source : gaming.hexus.net
2007
Blizzard announces Starcraft II
3D Realms released teaser trailer for Duke Nukem Forever
Halo 3
Source : flickr.com
Super Mario Galaxy
Source : Wikipedia
Crysis
Source : flickr.com
Call of Duty IV – Modern Warfare
Source : Wikipedia
Unreal Tournament 3
Source : flickr.com
FIFA 08
Source : computergames.ro
The Witcher
Source : flickr.com
Guitar Hero 3
Source : mobygames.com
2008
Blizzard announces Diablo III
Grand Theft Auto IV
Source : flickr.com
Prince of Persia
Source : Diversion Projects
Metal Gear Solid 4
Source : flickr.com
Shaun White Snowboarding
Source : IGN
Command and Conquer 3 Kane ’s Wrath
Source : filefront.com
Madden NFL 09
Source : easports.com
Fallout 3
Source : theforumsite.com
Super Smash Bros .
Brawl
Source : Wikipedia
2009
Upcoming releases for the next year
F.E.A.R. 2
Source : IGN
Alan Wake
Source : IGN
Starcraft 2 Terrans : Wings of Liberty
Source : IGN
Diablo 3
Source : IGN
Written exclusively for WDD by Gyorgy Fekete
Which one is your favorite game ?
Share your favorites with us and let us what you think of this list !
Disparate groups of the left claim a link to Rosa Luxemburg and Karl Liebknecht but not to each other , writes Derek Scallyin Berlin
THE SUN was high in the cold , blue sky as the crowd came crunching through the cemetery snow .
The procession of old women in fur coats and mohair hats , families in matching all - weather jackets and thin young men in thinner hooded tops had come to lay red carnations on the graves of German socialist leaders Rosa Luxemburg and Karl Liebknecht .
The two were abducted on January 15th , 1919 , by the Freikorps , the remnants of the German imperial army ordered by the new Social Democrat ( SPD ) government to put an end to months of upheaval since the end of the war .
Luxemburg and Liebknecht , leading figures in the rising , were interrogated and tortured .
Luxemburg 's life ended with a blow to the head and a bullet in the back .
Her body was dumped in a canal and , when it finally reappeared five months later , it was placed in the empty coffin that had been buried next to Liebknecht .
He was shot on the same evening as her and dumped anonymously in a morgue .
Their workers ' revolution was crushed , clearing the stage for the Weimar Republic 's 15 - year run .
The crowds at the Friedrichsfelde graveyard yesterday are just one indication of the unbroken fascination surrounding Luxemburg , a Polish - born Jewish academic .
But it 's an attention that has left the socialist leader as much hostage as heroine of the divided German left .
Outside the graveyard , which holds the biggest names of German socialism , dozens of stalls sell books , CDs , pamphlets and papers , sausages and hot drinks .
The well - known Left Party has a stand , as does the lesser known German Communist Party .
Even the obscure Spartacist League is here to claim its Luxemburg pedigree .
All groups are here to remember " their " Rosa and Karl , but no group wants to have anything to do with any other .
" All these acronyms and organisations calling for world revolution are just ridiculous , " says Martin , in attendance with his wife and two adult children .
" The left is too splintered to be taken seriously by anyone .
Lenin said that left - wing radicalism was communism 's childhood illness ; it 's still suffering . "
The first to leave their carnations on the simple , flat gravestones are the people sometimes termed Germany 's " Ewiggestrigen " - happy hostages to their private East German past .
The men , identical pensioners in rectangular glasses and Russian fur hats , could be contestants in an Erich Honecker lookalike contest .
One would - be Honecker watches with distaste as press photographers jostle to get pictures of people adding their carnations to the graves .
" Back in the GDR , the press would be have properly controlled , " he hisses , without a hint of irony .
Luxemburg was born in Zamosc , near the Polish city of Lublin in 1871 , the daughter of a timber dealer .
At the University of Zürich , one of the few at the time to admit women , she earned her doctorate before moving to Germany in 1898 to represent the Socialist Party of the Kingdom of Poland and Lithuania .
She cut her ties with the German SPD in 1914 when it supported the war and co-founded the Spartacist League , later the Communist Party ( KP ) .
The SPD 's rise to power after the kaiser 's abdication in 1918 was , the socialist leader complained , merely a continuation of the same corrupt imperialist system that lead Germany to war .
In and out of prison most of her life , she welcomed the Soviet Revolution but warned soon after of Bolshevik dictatorial tendencies .
" Without general elections , a free press , freedom of assembly and freedom of opinion , " she wrote in a pamphlet only published in 1922 , " life in every public institution will die off , replaced by pseudo - life . "
For decades Germany 's Communist Party and later the Socialist Unity Party ( SED ) presented Luxemburg as a public martyr to its cause .
In private , however , leaders were uneasy with the figure best remembered for saying that " freedom is always the freedom of those who think differently " .
" For years many of her writings were taboo in the GDR because her calls for socialism and freedom were at odds with what was propagated , " said Marion Schütrumpf of the Rosa Luxemburg Foundation .
As the older generation began to leave the graveyard yesterday , a lively march of 8,000 young radicals arrived .
" Whether it 's the banking crisis or the Gaza situation it 's clear we need new alternatives ; Luxemburg is more relevant than ever before , " said 23 - year - old Martina .
Nine decades on it seems that Rosa Luxemburg , untainted by the burden of ever holding power / office , or the rise of Stalin , is an exciting figure for the young German left ; her violent death remains a great " what if " riddle of German history .
" It 's impossible to say what would have happened had Luxemburg lived , " says Philip ( 32 ) .
" All we can say for sure is that , with the double murder , the German socialist movement was lobotomised and brought into line with Moscow . "
I LOVE this .
The new kind of politics of hope .
Eight hours of debate in the House of Representatives to pass a bill spending $ 820 billion – or roughly $ 102 billion per hour of debate .
Only 10 percent of the “ stimulus ” to be spent on 2009 .
Close to half goes to entities that sponsor or employ ( or both ) members of the Service Employees International Union , federal , state , and municipal employee unions or other Democrat - controlled unions .
This bill is sent to Congress after President Obama has been in office for seven days .
It is 680 pages long .
According to my calculations , not one member of Congress read the entire bill before this vote .
Obviously , it would have been impossible , given his schedule , for the president to have read the whole thing .
For the amount spent , we could have given every unemployed person in the United States roughly $ 75,000 .
We could give every person who had lost a job and is now passing through long - term unemployment of six months or longer roughly $ 300,000 .
There has been pork - barrel politics since there has been politics , but the scale of this pork is beyond what had ever been imagined before – and no one can be sure it will actually do much stimulation .
Further , no one can be sure that we are not already at the trough of the recession – such that this money will be spent mostly after the recovery is well under way .
How long until the debt incurred under this program is so immense that it causes a downgrade in the nation ’s sovereign debt ?
What happens to us then ?
This has been a punch in the solar plexus to the kind of responsible , far - seeing , mature government processes that are needed to protect America .
This is more than pork - barrel – this is a coup for the constituencies of the party in power and against the idea of a responsible government itself .
A bleak day .
Unfortunately , it is only the latest in a long series of such days stretching across decades of rule by both parties , to the point where truly responsible government is only a distant echo of our forgotten ancestors .
Writer , actor , economist and lawyer Ben Stein lives in Beverly Hills and Malibu .
From the Web site of The American Spectator , spectator.org .
This guy has his thumb bitten off by an eel .
Doctors then cut off a toe and sew it to his hand to act as a thumb .
JANUARY 6-- In a bizarre incident that will surely lead to litigation ( or an out - of - court settlement ) , a skier at Colorado 's ritzy Vail resort was left dangling upside down and pantsless from a chairlift last Thursday morning .
The January 1 mishap apparently occurred after the male skier , 48 , and a child boarded a high - speed lift in Vail 's Blue Sky Basin .
It appears that the chairlift 's fold - down seat was somehow not in the lowered position , which caused the man to partially fall through the resulting gap .
His right ski got jammed in the ascending chairlift , and that kept him upended since his boot never dislodged from its binding .
As seen in the photos ( which were snapped by fellow skiers ) , the Skyline Express lift was stopped shortly after the pair 's botched boarding resulted in the man dangling from the lift .
The exposed skier was stuck for about 15 minutes before Vail personnel backed the lift up and successfully dislodged the unidentified man from the four - seat chair .
In a statement released this afternoon , Vail Resorts , which operates the ski area , reported that the skier was not injured after being " suspended for approximately seven minutes . "
The press release did not explain how the mishap occurred , only that " the man was caught on the chair . " ( 5 pages )
Rights groups say images from the conflict prove the use of phosphorus
The Israeli army is to investigate claims it used white phosphorus illegally during its three - week offensive in Gaza .
The move follows numerous allegations by rights groups and in media reports that the army fired phosphorus shells where they could harm civilians .
The UN said its headquarters were hit by three such shells causing a fire destroying much of its aid supplies .
White phosphorus is legal for making smokescreens on a battlefield .
Maps of UN compound attack
The Israeli army says all its weapons in the Gaza offensive were entirely legal , but until now has refused to specify which weapons it used .
White phosphorus sticks to human skin and will burn right through to the bone , causing death or leaving survivors with painful wounds which are slow to heal .
Its ingestion or inhalation can also be fatal .
Reconstruction plea
The investigation comes as the Israeli army said in a statement that its last troops had left Gaza , following a truce announced on Sunday .
Military officials said soldiers would remain near the border , ready to go back into the territory if any more rockets were fired into Israel .
CONFLICT IN FIGURES
More than 1,300 Palestinians killed Thirteen Israelis killed More than 4,000 buildings destroyed in Gaza , more than 20,000 severely damaged 50,000 Gazans homeless and 400,000 without running water
Q&A : White phosphorus injuries
In depth : Gaza conflict Q&A : Gaza conflict Who are Hamas ?
Middle East conflict : History in maps Gaza also remains under scrutiny from Israeli spy-planes , and its navy vessels are still firing sporadically at Gaza 's beaches .
Israel also tightly controls Gaza 's borders - and the UN has appealed for these restrictions to be relaxed .
The UN 's humanitarian chief , John Holmes , said Israel needed to allow full access to Gaza so that work could begin on rebuilding the territory 's wrecked infrastructure .
Palestinian medical sources in Gaza say at least 1,300 Palestinians were killed during the three - week conflict , which began on 27 December .
Thirteen Israelis , including three civilians , were killed , the Israeli army says .
Multiple shell - bursts
In a statement , the Israeli army confirmed it would look into the allegations that it had misused white phosphorus , but said it " only uses weapons permitted by law " .
" In response to the claims of NGOs and claims in the foreign press relating to the use of phosphorus weapons , and in order to remove any ambiguity , an investigative team has been established in the Southern Command to look into the issue , " the army said .
According to the international convention on the use of incendiary weapons , the substance should not be used where civilians are concentrated .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement During the campaign Human Rights Watch ( HRW ) said its researchers observed multiple shell - bursts of white phosphorus from the Gaza - Israeli border .
They argued that any use of white phosphorus in the heavily populated Gaza Strip would be illegal .
After Israel 's unilateral ceasefire , and its opening border crossings to some international journalists , press photographs and video footage have been published appearing to show smouldering and burning lumps of white phosphorus which landed in populated areas .
Meanwhile , the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) has confirmed it will investigate allegations made by Arab countries that Israel used depleted uranium weapons in Gaza .
Although there is no specific ban on depleted uranium , its use in weapons is controversial because of the potential health risks from its dust at impact sites .
Return to top
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
DIGG THIS
The National Bureau of Economic Research has officially confirmed what everyone already knew : The U.S. economy has been in recession for many months .
The question now is whether anything constructive can be done about it .
Historically there have been two very different public policy responses to a serious economic slowdown .
The first — laissez - faire — is to simply allow market prices to adjust to the new economic reality .
Since most economic slumps are caused by a decline in demand associated with the bursting of a credit / money bubble , prices tend to adjust downward fairly rapidly .
We have seen some of this in the current crisis with real estate , stock and commodity prices ( especially crude oil ) falling dramatically .
This falling price process tends to “ clear out ” the malinvestments of the credit boom and eventually sets the stage for a sustainable economic recovery .
This price adjustment process , though efficient , is painful .
And the larger the initial credit bubble the larger and more painful the collapse .
Many thousands of homes go into foreclosure , banks and hedge funds fail , capital goods industries are especially hard hit , and the recession normally lasts between 11 and 14 months .
Lower interest rates and modest unemployment benefits tend to ease the economic hardships somewhat .
We have had 10 recessions since 1948 and managed to survive them all .
An alternative policy approach , which is being tried this time , is to treat the recession with almost unprecedented doses of government intervention .
In this scenario , the Treasury and the Federal Reserve engage in policies aimed at “ reflating ” the bursting credit bubble .
The Fed lowers interest rates dramatically and inflates the money supply by purchasing government and even commercial debt .
And the Treasury gets the legal authority to spend upwards of $ 700 billion to bail out Fannie and Freddie , commercial banks , investment banks , insurance companies , and any other private firms too big to fail .
So far , at least , the results of this approach are not promising .
The final public policy shoe to fall early next year will probably be massive public works programs ( infrastructure spending ) to create “ jobs . ”
The President - elect Obama economic team and economist Paul Krugman have already gone on record as favoring such a proposal .
They also seem to support another , bigger , round of so - called “ stimulus ” spending by consumers funded by tax rebates .
But will any of this shorten the recession ?
A decent argument can be made that all of these public policy responses will only make things worse and prolong the slump .
The longest recession in modern times is the one that began in 1929 .
It lasted a full 43 months and was quickly followed by the 1937 recession that lasted another 13 months .
Almost one half of the months between 1929 and 1939 were recessionary .
And between 1929 and 1939 , the average yearly unemployment rate in the U.S. was a staggering 16.9 % .
Though Presidents Hoover and FDR unbalanced the federal budget , created the Reconstruction Finance Corporation ( to bail out banks and businesses ) , enacted the National Industrial Recovery Act , engaged in massive public works projects ( WPA ) , and inflated the money supply sharply after 1934 , nothing really worked .
After 10 years of political and economic unrest and uncertainty , the unemployment rate was still 17.2 % on the eve of our entry into WW2 .
Laissez - faire economic ideas ( deregulation , tax cuts ) are currently out of favor but the fact remains that the Krugman and Keynesian policies of bailouts , deficit financing , and public works have never really worked .
They did n’t work in the U. S. in the 1930 ’s ; they did n’t work in the 1990 ’s in Japan .
They do n’t work because they prop up unsustainable investments in the private sector rather than clear the way for new entrepreneurship .
And they do n’t work because government central planning is hopelessly nave ( they even have trouble mailing out rebate checks ) .
Sometimes in economics ( as in medicine ) doing " nothing " ( allowing the system to heal itself ) works better than drugs with nasty side effects or bureaucratic attempts at reconstructive surgery .
This originally appeared in the Vero Beach Press Journal .
The Best of Dom Armentano
White Paper
The United States stands at the threshold of a new era of human spaceflight .
In its first term , the new administration will make the most important decisions in a generation about this endeavor .
What are those decisions , and how should they be made in the best interests of the country ?
To answer these questions we rethink the rationales for government - funded human spaceflight and then address current policy questions in light of those rationales
DOWNLOAD
About Contact People Events
The collapse of the health system has fuelled the cholera outbreak
The main impact of Zimbabwe 's cholera epidemic has shifted from urban areas to rural areas , making its containment much harder , a medical charity says .
Medecins Sans Frontieres told the BBC that the disease was spreading to remote areas , while cases in some urban areas , like Harare , were decreasing .
The UN says at least 2,755 people have now died - a 20 % rise in a week .
The rainy season could lead to even more infections , as water sources become contaminated , aid workers warn .
MSF
Zimbabwe representative Manuel Lopez said that small villages off the main roads were now being affected following the Christmas holidays , when urban residents went home .
Everybody touches the body and everybody cries on the body and they get infected as well .
Manuel Lopez , MSF
Zimbabwe 's empty hospitals Funerals of cholera victims had also seen the infection spread out of the cities .
" Traditionally in Zimbabwe whenever someone dies they usually bring the body to the village of origin for funeral and burial and many times , unfortunately , bodies are not disinfected , " he told the BBC News website .
" Everybody touches the body and everybody cries on the body and they get infected as well . "
He added that the lack of awareness and the difficulty of getting to clinics meant that those dying of such an easily treatable disease was growing .
" Many times they do n't have the transport means to the clinics because transport is one of the biggest challenges in the country .
" They do n't have vehicles as well as they did some years ago and on top of that it has become very very expensive for people . "
In many urban areas , like Harare , cases are actually decreasing , he said .
Doctors ' strike President Robert Mugabe has faced increasing criticism over his country 's dire economic and humanitarian plight .
The cholera outbreak has been fuelled by the collapse of Zimbabwe 's health , water and sanitation systems .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Zimbabwean journalist Brian Hungwe says that many nurses and doctors are refusing to work , unless they get paid in hard currency .
The Zimbabwe dollar is virtually worthless , because of hyperinflation .
Last week , a new Z$ 100 trillion note was launched - worth about US$ 30 ( £ 20 ) .
Mr Mugabe 's allies have accused Western countries of trying to use the cholera outbreak as an excuse to topple him .
Cholera cases have been reported in all 10 of Zimbabwe 's provinces and nearly 50,000 people have been infected with the preventable disease , the WHO says .
A week ago , it said 2,200 people had died from cholera in Zimbabwe since August 2008 .
The disease has also spread to neighbouring South Africa .
African pressure ?
The latest WHO figures were released as campaign group Human Rights Watch called on African leaders to put pressure on Mr Mugabe to end Zimbabwe 's suffering during an African Union summit in Ethiopia next week .
HEALTH CRISIS Cholera : 2,755 died since August Anthrax : Eight deaths since November HIV / Aids : Estimated 400 deaths a day Maternal mortality : Risen from 168 per 100,000 in 1990 to 1,100 in 2005
The organisation accuses Zimbabwe 's government of leaving five million people dependent on food aid and most of the population without access to health care .
South Africa says it will host a regional summit next week - the latest attempt to broker a power - sharing agreement between Mr Mugabe and opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai .
The pair met on Monday but failed to make any progress on implementing a deal they agreed in September .
They remain divided on the key question of who should control key ministries .
The opposition leader won the first round of last year 's presidential election but withdrew from a run-off in June citing state - sponsored violence .
Mr Mugabe 's supporters blame Zimbabwe 's problems on Western sanctions .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Gary Larson ’s Far Side has long been a favored cartoon around the world , but some fans take their dedication more seriously than others .
Introducing the Far Side Reenactments Group on Flickr , a group of people committed to recreating Far Side classics in real life .
Shots above and below .
Some hit the mark well , others not so close .
The group started 2 years ago and only has two pages of shots , but a little bit of publicity might give them a kick along for some new reenactments .
Enjoy .
I used to think health care reform was a boring , overly complicated issue .
That was until I hit my mid-30s and , suddenly , every time I ’d have an ache or pain my doctor would say “ you ’re getting old . ”
Amazing what a chronic shooting pain in your knee or ever - deteriorating vision can do to pique your interest in an issue .
Chris , Joe and I have all written before about our ongoing drama with America ’s health care system .
Chris has written about a good friend ’s mom who suffered a stroke , then was diagnosed with ovarian cancer , only to be told that she ’d met her lifetime insurance benefit limit – buh bye .
And I recently found out that I ’d met my annual prescription drug benefits limit – so , sorry , no more prescriptions for me this year .
I spent Saturday trying to find out what my health plan at CareFirst Blue Cross Blue Shield actually covers .
And judging by the impossibility of finding the information , you ’d think the insurance company might not want you to actually know the details of your plan .
CareFirst , for example , has a dandy Web site where you can sign up with your account number and see how much you ’ve already spent this year on prescriptions and doctor visits .
And that ’s great , but kind of useless since they do n’t bother saying what my coverage actually is for prescriptions or doctor visits , how much they cover for each visit , nor do they tell you what your annual or lifetime limits are for those benefits .
So , I can check the cost of prescription drugs I ’ve bought this year , but I ca n’t check whether I ’m close to my annual benefits limit , or whether I even have an annual benefits limit .
It ’s almost as if they do n’t want you to know , and would rather have you be surprised the next time you get sick and really need those antibiotics .
Oh , and there is nothing on Blue Cross ’ site that I can find that actually details my benefits , even though they know what my plan is .
How hard is it to simply put the detailed benefits package online in a downloadable PDF ?
Oh yeah , there ’s a link that claims it details your benefits – it does n’t .
Almost as if they do n’t want you to know .
Another thing that ’s quite suspicious .
Once you get into the guts of Blue Cross ’
Web site you find out that you can buy prescription drugs online via Rite - Aid or Walgreen ’s , and the drugs are actually cheaper than using Drugstore.com ( which is the cheapest reliable service I ’ve found ) .
Now , why is it that I have an annual limit on prescription drugs , that Blue Cross has a cheaper way for me to buy those same drugs , but Blue Cross does n’t affirmatively tell me in an obvious way that the alternative is out there .
I had to find out by creating an account on Blue Cross ’ site ( something that ’s relatively worthless ) , and then by digging around to discover that there are cheaper options than the already - cheap option I ’m using .
Considering how much the insurance companies gripe about spiraling health care costs , they do next to nothing to help their own customers save money , which in turn saves them money .
It ’s almost as if there is some perverse incentive they ’re not telling us about , some incentive for us to actually SPEND more on our health care , that somehow this benefits them economically .
Otherwise , they would tell us that we can buy drugs cheaper via their online buddies .
But they do n’t .
The entire system is fishy , and inscrutable , as hell .
I tried this past March to find out if my Blue Cross plan covers me while traveling abroad .
I had a blithering idiot from Blue Cross on the phone for half an hour – I was calling from Paris , mind you – and after half an hour of her searching for a simple answer ( am I , or am I not , covered while abroad ) , she gave me the wrong answer .
The woman could not have been a bigger moron , she had no clue what she was doing , she was clearly reading off a computer screen .
I learned my lesson , and went to the French doctors anyway , and said to hell with it , I ’ll pay whatever it costs to get better .
In fact , I paid a grand total of 65 euros ( about 80 bucks ) , for two doctor visits and a chest x-ray .
The French thought that was a bit expensive – and , mind you , their health care plan would have picked up most of the 80 bucks .
I laughed and paid it out of my pocket , knowing that the doctor visit here in the US would have been a good 65 bucks , easy , and the chest x-ray would have been 200 to 400 dollars , easy .
Our health care system sucks .
As the article in today ’s Washington Post points out , we do not have the best health care in the world , by far .
Ours is actually pretty crappy compared to other western democracies .
And that should piss you off .
The Republicans have told us for years that “ we ’re number one ! ” in an effort to stop us from making the changes and improvements that would actually make us number one .
Well we ’re not number one in terms of the health care we provide our citizens .
We ’re far from it .
And as each and every one of you passes the magic age of 30 – the age in which everything starts to hurt a little bit more – this fact ought to scare the hell out of you .
PS Speaking of “ we ’re number one . ”
Call a dermatologist some time and try to schedule an appointment for any day this century .
Just try .
Note from Jacki : Just wanted to add the reminder that we ’re working very hard – right now – to do something about our health care system once and for all .
I now work for HCAN – Health Care for America Now – which is a grassroots campaign aiming to be the boots on the ground army that will back up Obama and our allies in Congress when the insurance companies and drug companies and high - paid DC lobbyists come out swinging .
This is the time we can finally (! ) make change happen .
Obama signed on to the HCAN principles back on October 6th .
It ’s not legislation .
It ’s an outline for what good , comprehensive legislation will look like .
If you have a moment , you should check it out .
Health care does n’t have to be complicated , and I promise I will do everything in my power to help you understand the campaign every step of the way .
Dr Heerey said : " I think it takes a while for kids to gain proficiency .
You can watch teenagers queuing up to buy a movie ticket and they banter with one another .
They say really horrible things to one but they are all laughing and it's all fun . "
Can Blood Transfusions Cause More Cancer ?
Recent research by Tel Aviv University finds that young blood does a body good when it comes to fighting cancer .
The TAU researchers , led by Prof. Shamgar Ben-Eliyahu from the Department of Psychology 's Neuroimmunology Research Unit , discovered that a transfusion of " young " blood –– blood which has been stored for less than 9 days –– increased the odds of survival in animals challenged with two types of cancer .
This finding , reported in the journal Anesthesiology , may solve an age - old mystery as to why some blood transfusions during cancer - related surgeries may lead to an increased recurrence of cancer and others do not .
" There is anecdotal evidence pointing to the fact that some surgeons really prefer to use younger blood units .
They insist on it .
Our research shows their reasoning might be sound , " says Prof .
Ben -Eliyahu , explaining that the oldest blood in a blood bank usually sits on the shelf anywhere from 40 to 42 days before it expires .
Using an animal model , the researchers conducted tests on rats with leukemia and breast cancer .
The odds of surviving the cancer , they found , were only compromised if the transfusion blood had been stored for nine or more days .
Can Transfusions Cause More Cancer ?
" I do n't think this study will or should change the practices of surgeons in hospitals , but it is definitely something that needs to be investigated further in human clinical studies , " says Prof.
Ben -Eliyahu .
" It might have a serious impact on the survival of prostate or colon cancers –– two cancers that are associated with a lot of bleeding .
If our research proves to be true in human trials , it should revolutionize the way we look at transfusion in cancer patients . "
The study , Prof .
Ben -Eliyahu points out , also led to one other interesting finding .
Surgeons commonly transfuse blood from which white blood cells have been removed , believing that these cells can cause harmful effects in the recipient .
" However , we found that it was the red blood cells , not the white blood cells , which caused the negative effects , " he says .
Because red blood cells carry oxygen to the body , transfusions cannot be withheld , but using fresher blood might be better for cancer patients , the professor maintains .
Banking Your Own Blood May Not Be Helpful
While Prof .
Ben -Eliyahu urges that further studies need to be done in this potentially life - saving practice , he believes that in most cases of cancer , donor blood might be healthier for the recipient than one 's own blood , because such a supply is commonly built up in a bank weeks before an operation .
" The age of the blood itself impacts survival .
The best recipe for transfusions might be fresh blood from other people .
We found no differences between autologous blood and blood from other donors .
The latter can be stored for much shorter durations before use . "
The idea that transfusions of " older " blood may increase cancer metastasis remains controversial , Prof. Ben -Eliyahu notes .
Negative effects might be limited to specific cancers or special circumstances .
He suggests that researchers investigate not just any database relating blood transfusions to cancer , but only those that include data in which the transfusion itself was a risk factor in metastasis .
In other words , Prof .
Ben -Eliyahu recommends that one should first establish , in a given dataset , that blood transfusion is a risk factor for cancer progression , and only then it will make sense to test whether the storage duration of blood affects survival rates .
Alternatively , it is possible that blood transfusion is a risk factor in some types of cancer , but not in others , and it will thus be wise to test whether the storage duration of blood affects survival rates only in these specific types of cancer , he says .
If proven true in human studies , Prof .
Ben-Eliyahu's research –– done in collaboration with Shir Atzil , a doctoral student -- could broadly impact the healthcare system .
Blood banks are already dealing with severe blood shortages in America , and the increased use of fresher blood will make it even harder to keep blood on the shelf .
Cost is another factor , but a lower mortality rate may outweigh the price in dollars and cents .
In the rush to feed the world ’s growing appetite for climate - friendly fuel and cooking oil that does n’t clog arteries , the Bornean orangutan could get plowed over .
Several plantation owners are eyeing Tanjung Puting park , a sanctuary for 6,000 of the endangered animals .
It is the world ’s second - largest population of a primate that experts warn could be extinct in less than two decades if a massive assault on its forest habitat is not stopped .
The orangutans ’ biggest enemy , the United Nations says , is no longer poachers or loggers .
It ’s the palm oil industry .
On the receding borders of this 1,600 - square - mile lush reserve , a road paved with good intentions runs smack into a swamp of alleged corruption and government bungling .
It ’s one of the mounting costs few bargained for in the global craze to “ go green . ”
Advertisement
The park clings to the southern tip of the island of Borneo , which is shared by Indonesia and Malaysia , the top producers of palm oil .
Exporters market it as an alternative to both petroleum and cooking oils containing trans fats .
“ That ’s only a slogan , you know , ” said Ichlas Al Zaqie , the local project manager for Los Angeles - based Orangutan Foundation International .
“ They change the forest , and say it ’s for energy sustainability , but they ’re killing other creatures . ”
Indonesia is losing lowland forest faster than any other major forested country .
At the rate its trees are being felled to plant oil palms , poach high - grade timber and clear land for farming , 98 % of Indonesia ’s forest may be lost by 2022 , the United Nations Environment Program says .
“ If the immediate crisis in securing the future survival of the orangutan and the protection of national parks is not resolved , very few wild orangutans will be left within two decades , ” UNEP concluded in a report last year .
“ The rate and extent of illegal logging in national parks may , if unchallenged , endanger the entire concept of protected areas worldwide . ”
Advertisement
In July , loggers finished buzz - sawing and bulldozing a 40,000 - acre swath in a northeastern corner of the park , where at least 561 orangutan lived , to clear ground for oil palm plants , Zaqie said .
The government is n’t much help , say environmental activists , who accuse corrupt officials , military and police officers of siding with timber poachers , illegal miners and others threatening the forests .
Activists bemoan a territorial dispute between local officials and the provincial and national governments .
“ The problem now is even the central government can’t really say where the exact border of the national park is , ” said Yeppie Kustiwae , who handles the issue of forest conversion for the World Wide Fund for Nature in Indonesia .
Advertisement
Zaqie says palm oil companies are determined to take as much as 5 million acres of orangutan forest habitat in Tanjung Puting and the larger Sebangau National Park , where Borneo ’s largest population of orangutans lives .
Tanjung Puting , a tropical Eden still revealing its secrets , shelters nine primate species , including rare proboscis monkeys , whose pendulous schnozzes can be 7 inches long .
Zaqie says he first saw bulldozers knocking down trees for the northeastern palm oil plantation five years ago .
He was certain the loggers were on land included in the park in a 1996 government decree .
He tried without success to stop the bulldozer operators .
So Zaqie went to a manager , who confirmed that the forest was being converted into a plantation by an Indonesian company called Wanasawit Subur Lestari .
A spokesman for its parent company , BEST Plantation Group , denied encroaching on the park .
Advertisement
“ We are working based on a permit issued by the government , ” said Wahyu Bimadhrata , BEST ’s legal manager .
“ We do n’t work inside the national park . ”
Mounting pressures on the forest are easiest to see in the money made by palm oil plantations .
In 1990 , Indonesia earned $ 204 million from palm oil exports ; the value exploded to more than $ 7.8 billion in 2007 .
Palm oil exports started growing sharply five years ago after the European Union declared a mandatory quota to replace gasoline and diesel from crude with biofuels .
Last year , it raised the biofuel target to 10 % of transportation fuels by 2020 , driving the price of palm oil higher and ratcheting up the threat to rain forests .
The EU has maintained the policy even though a report in April by European Environment Agency scientists called it an “ overambitious ” experiment “ whose unintended effects are difficult to predict and difficult to control . ”
Advertisement
Instead of reducing greenhouse gas emissions , producing palm oil on what was once peat swamp forests may be boosting the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere .
Leveling the jungle not only destroys trees that absorb carbon dioxide , it also releases millions of tons of carbon dioxide stored in Borneo ’s peat for thousands of years .
Fires set to clear trees and stumps add to the problem .
As companies lobby to clear more rain forest , other Indonesians are laboring to restore habitat for orangutans and rehabilitate those who lost their jungle homes or were rescued from poachers .
A decade ago , raging fires burned millions of acres of Borneo ’s forest .
The Borneo Orangutan Survival Foundation bought 4,500 acres that farmers had abandoned to grassland at Samboja Lestari , on the island ’s eastern side .
“ People thought that in one or two years , we would give up , ” said Ishak Yassir , the foundation ’s regional program manager .
“ We proved them wrong . ”
Advertisement
His Indonesian staff cares for 224 orangutans ; each day , teachers take their wide - eyed pupils to forest school .
They teach them the basics , such as tree climbing ; the proper way to eat dirt to get at insects , seeds and other nutrients ; and avoiding snakes .
Once they graduate , they join the list of orangutans ready to leave rehab .
Yassir ’s staff has cleared more than 50 young adults for release over the last six years .
But the orangutans ’ rescuers can’t find enough safe forest for the apes to go home to .
--
Advertisement
paul.watson@latimes.com
Special correspondent Dinda Jouhana in Jakarta , Indonesia , contributed to this report .
--
On latimes.com
Advertisement
Forest and friends
More photos from the park at latimes.com / world
TURKEY'S INVASION OF IRAQ ( Senate - March 28 , 1995 )
[ Page : S4741 ]
[ Begin insert ]
Mr. KERRY .
Mr. President , I commend the Senator from Rhode Island for his principled stand on this issue and am pleased to join him as an original cosponsor of Senate Resolution No. 91 , which condemns Turkey 's invasion of Iraq .
On March 20 , an estimated 35,000 Turkish troops poured across Iraq 's northern border in a massive assault on the Kurdish guerrilla group known as the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK .
Although Turkish Prime Minister Tansu Ciller defended the invasion as a legitimate act of self - defense , the nature and extent of Turkey 's invasion of northern Iraq belie this assertion .
Accordingly , this resolution calls on President Clinton to express strong opposition to Turkey 's invasion and to request that the United Nations Security Council condemn the invasion and seek an immediate and unconditional withdrawal of Turkey 's forces back to Turkey .
Turkey 's invasion contradicts its obligations under the United Nations Charter and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe which oblige Turkey to respect the territorial integrity of other states , and to support the human rights , fundamental freedoms , and the self - determination of all peoples .
I and many of my colleagues sympathize with Turkey 's struggle to defeat the Marxist PKK which has been engaged in a struggle for over a decade to establish an independent Kurkish state and has adopted terrorism as the principle means toward that end .
However , the nature and brutality of the tactics Prime Minister Ciller and the military have adopted to combat the PKK are unacceptable , counterproductive , and unlikely to succeed .
The invasion , besides violating the fundamentals of international law , is likely to exacerbate the conflict rather than calm it .
Moreover , Turkey 's action seriously detracts from its standing in the international community .
For a nation seeking to convince the world -- and the European Union in particular -- that it is committed to democracy , the rule of law , and respect for human rights , the invasion of Iraq and the ongoing military campaign to eliminate the PKK undermine Turkey 's commitment to these principles and raises legitimate questions about the nature and extent of our relationship with Turkey .
Turkey , I fear , has fallen victim to the temptation to combat terrorism with reciprocal and punitive acts of violence more destructive than PKK acts of terrorism .
The Turkish military has systematically emptied Kurdish villages and uprooted many Kurdish citizens from their homes .
Human rights organizations have documented extensive human rights abuses , including torture and political assassination .
The military 's actions often wreak havoc and destruction on innocent Kurds and provide an incentive for Kurds to support the PKK .
I fear that relations between our two nations will deteriorate unless
Turkey takes demonstrable steps to improve its human rights record , abandon the military campaign , and seek alternative solutions to the Kurdish problem .
Turkey 's recognition , that its Kurdish civilians have civil , cultural , political , and human rights is an essential first step .
Failure to recognize these rights would be folly , for it is simply inconceivable for Turkey , if it is to remain committed to the fundamentals of democracy , the rule of law , and respect for human rights , to seek a military solution where one - fifth of the Turkish population - - 15 million -- is Kurdish .
Turkey has long been a loyal and trusted allay and a valuable member of NATO .
Like all nations ,
Turkey is struggling with the difficult task of defining its diplomatic , security , and economic roles in the post - cold - war era .
This task is compounded by the need to combat PKK terrorism and the expansion of violent Islamic fundamentalism .
However , these challenges , difficult though they may be , in no way legitimize Turkey 's invasion of northern Iraq , and the United States must make it clear to Turkey that such behavior is damaging to our relationship and inconsistent with the announced goals of democracy , human rights , and the rule of law .
[ End insert ]
END
When Patricia Barragan opened her physical therapy practice in an office building on Santa Monica Boulevard , she picked the location in part because of the sweeping views .
With windows that look north toward the Santa Monica Mountains , the fourth - floor suite gave Barragan ’s clients a calming environment -- until last month , when her landlord covered the north side of the building with a two - story “ supergraphic ” advertising a global bank chain .
“ When I came to work after Christmas , I had this horrible orange drape that diminished the light in my activity room and my treatment room by almost 40 % , ” she said .
“ The first patients who came in at 7 o’clock said , ‘ What is this ?
This is depressing .
I do n’t want to be treated in these depressing rooms . ’ ”
Barragan is one of a growing number of workers furious that supergraphics -- large vinyl or plastic signs stretched across the sides of buildings -- are darkening their offices , wrecking their views and alienating their customers .
Advertisement
The multistory images , which can be bigger than the biggest billboard , have moved to the center of a long - running debate about outdoor advertising in Los Angeles , with at least a dozen supergraphics popping up in the month since the City Council approved a 90 - day ban on new outdoor signs .
The outcry comes as the council struggles to come up with rules for regulating new outdoor advertising that wo n’t be struck down as a restriction of free speech .
Although the fight over billboards traditionally had been waged between advertising companies and neighborhood groups , office workers have entered the fray in a noisy way .
After the supergraphic went up on her building , Barragan contacted her building manager , then her lawyer and then her councilman ’s office to demand that the sign come down .
At 11600 Wilshire Blvd. , dental hygienist Susan Rider complained to her building manager after a supergraphic image of the Statue of Liberty went up on the north and east sides of the five - story office building .
At 10801 National Blvd. , chiropractor David Allan created a crusading blog titled “ 10801 Take Sign Down Now ” after a multistory advertisement covered the window of his fifth - floor office .
Advertisement
And at 6380 Wilshire Blvd. , the firm known as Recon Research Corp. filed a lawsuit against its landlord last week , saying a 10 - story supergraphic installed over the Christmas break transformed its office from a “ conservative , prestigious environment into one that is crass and commercial . ”
The supergraphic sign “ has changed the character of the office property and its outward appearance such as to make it no longer suitable for the purpose for which it was leased , ” wrote Alan Harris , the lawyer for Recon .
In some cases , signs went up after the City Council ’s 90 - day moratorium on all new signs went into effect .
In others , images were posted before the ban by companies seeking to challenge the notion of city sign prohibitions .
Calls to Jamison Properties , which manages the buildings at 6380 Wilshire and 11600 Wilshire , were not returned .
A representative of Cambra Realty , which owns the property at 10780 Santa Monica Blvd .
where Barragan works , said its supergraphic for ING Direct would be removed “ in the next couple of weeks . ”
Advertisement
Ben Blauner , an asset manager for Cambra , said he did not know the reason for his company ’s decision .
But Councilman Jack Weiss said the Los Angeles Fire Department had notified the building ’s owner that the sign violates safety laws .
“ It just seems to me that these supergraphics can make it harder for people to get out in a fire , harder for the firefighters to get in , and can themselves catch on fire , ” Weiss said .
“ So it ’s egregious that a landlord would put his tenants in any of those situations . ”
Other office workers in Weiss ’ district have also been voicing their dismay .
Healthcare consultant Ben Jacobowitz said he and other tenants at 10801 National Blvd. received no warning that their windows would be covered by a giant ad for Tropicana orange juice .
Tenants who once had clear views of the Getty Center now look out through screens that are , depending on the location , orange , gray or black and white , he said .
Advertisement
“ The owner wo n’t talk to us , ” said Jacobowitz , who works on the sixth floor .
“ The building manager will talk to us only to say that she understands , she ’s notified the building owner and has asked us to put our complaints in writing . ”
Allan , whose chiropractic office is in the same building , took stronger measures , creating a blog that targets “ greedy owners and advertisers ” who disregard tenant safety by putting up supergraphics .
He also contacted fire inspectors to determine whether the Tropicana sign endangers tenants .
Allan said he considers himself one of the “ professional little guys ” harmed by advertising run amok in Los Angeles .
“ I ’ve never been much of an activist , ” he said .
“ But when something ’s affecting you , you want to stand up for yourself . ”
Advertisement
The city has only limited power to regulate Allan ’s building .
Last summer , the advertising company World Wide Rush won a ruling that found that the city ’s 2002 ban on new billboards violated the U.S. Constitution .
Although that decision is being appealed , the company won an injunction to prevent the city from enforcing its ban on supergraphics at 34 buildings , including the one on National where Allan works .
Some tenants say the enormous images have harmed their day - to - day business .
Rider , the dental hygienist on Wilshire , said she relies on sunlight when deciding whether to advise patients to whiten their teeth .
That task has become more difficult now that a supergraphic on the building ’s east - facing side has added grainy black smudges to her windows .
“ If I ca n’t see properly , I could be causing people to be having undue contact with a chemical , ” she said .
Advertisement
Office workers are not the only ones trying to combat the arrival of new supergraphics .
In the San Fernando Valley , neighborhood activist Gerald Silver views the signs as blight .
He has called on his neighbors to boycott businesses in certain buildings on Ventura Boulevard that have multistory supergraphics .
Silver , president of the Homeowners of Encino , said he and his neighbors have lost patience with the city ’s efforts against illegal signs .
Even if only a few businesses are boycotted , a message will be sent , he said .
“ You do n’t have to shut a business down , ” he said .
“ You just have to reduce a percentage of their business .
It ’s not like the economy is doing really well . ”
--
Advertisement
david.zahniser@latimes.com
Google Maps est une application de cartographie .
Il est devenu impossible de se perdre .
Google Maps donne à tous les PC , tablettes et smartphones un plan détaillé des rues avoisinantes , et conseille des itinéraires .
Sur les pages d’accueil des sites de commerce ou de services , Google Maps peut guider les clients .
Google Maps : fonctionnalités et intérêts pour votre site
Avec Google Maps , vous pouvez vous situer sur une carte , plane ou en relief , avoir la carte des transports en commun et des pistes cyclables , connaître l’état du trafic .
Vous pouvez rechercher tout type de commerce ou de service , et connaître les avis des consommateurs .
Google Maps sert couramment à la navigation GPS par smartphone , et permet de calculer la durée d’un itinéraire , à pied , en vélo , en transport en commun ou en voiture .
Pour les propriétaires d’un site avec points de vente réels , Google Maps permet d’intégrer une carte personnalisée et consultable sur le site , en utilisant simplement un code html fourni par l’application .
Le client trouve facilement adresse réelle , horaires d’ouverture , itinéraires , photos et avis .
Google Maps , c’est le chauffeur de maître gratuit de tout un chacun .
Gratuit ?
Depuis l’été 2018 , selon les fonctions offertes par la carte et le nombre de téléchargements par mois , afficher une carte Google Maps sur son site web est devenu payant .
L’affichage d’une carte statique ( simple localisation ) devient payant ( 2 dollars tous les 1 000 téléchargements ) pour plus de 100 000 téléchargements par mois .
L’affichage d’une carte dynamique ( interactive ) , et Street View , qui permet de visualiser l’emplacement et l’apparence d’un point de vente , coûtent chacun 7 dollars tous les 1 000 téléchargements pour plus de 28 500 affichages .
Les cartes sur application mobile ( par exemple , le très populaire Airbnb ) demeurent gratuites .
L’application Google Maps est un service de visualisation cartographique très complet et performant .
La bonne idée , c’est de l’utiliser , et de le proposer sur son site : tant qu’une carte statique n’est pas consultée plus de 100 000 fois par mois , elle demeure totalement gratuite .
Ajouter et rendre visible une entreprise sur Google Maps ( grâce à Google MyBusiness )
Aujourd ’hui , les recherches sur le web font partie de notre quotidien , et en ce qui concerne leur visibilité , les entreprises n’échappent pas à la règle .
Véritable vitrine de l’entreprise , la fiche de présentation de votre activité ( liée à votre site internet ) doit être référencée de manière optimale sur les moteurs de recherche , et notamment sur Google .
Des informations pratiques pertinentes , de belles photos et des avis clients positifs sont autant de gages de qualité et de fiabilité qui susciteront l’intérêt de potentiels autres futurs clients , et qui vous permettront d’être visible sur internet .
Grâce à Google Maps , et à l’outil Google MyBusiness , découvrez comment optimiser de manière efficace la visibilité de votre entreprise sur le web
Comment améliorer la visibilité de mon entreprise grâce à Google Maps ?
PME , artisans , commerçants …
Il est aujourd ’hui indispensable pour tout entrepreneur d’être présent sur le web .
Outre la nécessité de disposer d’un site web attractif et bien référencé par les moteurs de recherches , la visibilité d’une entreprise passe aussi par sa fiche de présentation sur internet , et notamment sur Google Maps .
Avec la démocratisation des smartphones , les utilisateurs font de plus en plus de recherches de proximité géolocalisées , c’est - à- dire des recherches effectuées par rapport à l’endroit géographique où ils se situent , d’où l’intérêt d’être présent sur la « Map » .
Restaurants , hôtels , bar , mais aussi coiffeurs , épiciers , médecins , plombiers ou électriciens : vos clients potentiels se trouvent généralement à proximité de vos entreprises .
Google Maps est un service google gratuit de géolocalisation .
En créant une balise gps grâce à votre adresse postale , il permet aux utilisateurs de localiser votre entreprise et leur indique l’itinéraire à emprunter pour s’y rendre .
Mais comment ajouter votre entreprise sur Google Maps ?
Commencez par vous créer un compte Gmail ( vous pouvez également utiliser un compte existant si vous en avez un ) .
Ensuite , Google vous demandera d’indiquer l’emplacement de votre établissement sur la « Map » ( la carte ) .
Si le logiciel ne vous trouve pas , choisissez l’option « créer un établissement » puis définissez la catégorie de services que propose votre entreprise ( ici , il vous sera possible de préciser si vous accueillez des clients dans votre établissement ou si , au contraire , vous proposez des prestations à domicile ) .
Enfin , il vous sera demandé d’attester auprès de Google que vous êtes bien le gérant de l’entreprise .
Google va effectuer une vérification et une fois que votre compte aura été validé vous pourrez alimenter votre fiche avec les différentes informations pratiques .
Parmi ces informations , les éléments qui doivent apparaître sont les suivants : votre nom ou celui de votre entreprise , son adresse postale , vos coordonnées téléphoniques ainsi que votre adresse email , les horaires d’ouverture , et l’adresse de votre site web .
Il est également conseillé de faire apparaître le logo de votre entreprise , ainsi qu’une brève présentation écrite des services proposés .
Cette fiche a pour objectif de permettre à vos potentiels clients de se renseigner sur votre entreprise .
N’hésitez pas à publier , en plus de ces informations pratiques pertinentes , quelques photos de votre établissement .
En toute simplicité , Google vous guide pas à pas dans toutes les étapes de création de votre fiche afin d’en optimiser le contenu pour un référencement local efficace et une bonne visibilité de votre entreprise sur le web .
Notez que , pour une nouvelle entreprise , Google effectue une deuxième vérification par courrier ( envoi d’un code de validation à votre adresse ) .
Une fois cette validation effectuée , votre fiche apparaîtra dans les résultats de Google dans un délai d’une semaine .
Les avantages de Google MyBusiness
Outil gratuit et simple d’utilisation lancé en 2014 , Google MyBusiness permet aux propriétaires d’entreprises de contrôler leur e réputation sur le moteur de recherche Google .
L’e - réputation d’une entreprise représente la manière dont elle est visible sur internet .
À l’aide de mots - clés ciblés et de contenu rédactionnel pertinent , le référencement naturel d’un site web et de la fiche de présentation de l’entreprise sont les clés d’une communication efficace .
Ils permettent d’apparaître dans les premiers résultats de recherche d’une page Google , et donc d’augmenter la notoriété de l’entreprise , lui permettant de se démarquer de ses concurrents , et par conséquent d’augmenter son chiffre d’affaire .
Google MyBusiness est l’interface qui permet de valoriser votre entreprise sur internet simplement et gratuitement .
Dans une optique de visibilité sur Google Maps , cet outil permet de créer une fiche ( dans le cas d’une fiche existante , il permet de la modifier , de la mettre à jour ) .
Une fois la fiche créée et répertoriée par Google , vos clients ont la possibilité de laisser des avis sur votre entreprise , ce qui est un facteur de notoriété .
Depuis peu , l’outil Google MyBusiness permet aux propriétaires des entreprises de répondre aux avis des clients .
Cette fonctionnalité est , entre autres , très pratique pour éviter que de fausses informations ne soient diffusées sur votre compte .
Grâce au DNS de votre site ( « Domain Name System » : le nom de votre site )
Google va faire un lien entre les informations pratiques renseignées sur ce dernier , et les informations de votre fiche .
Il doit donc exister une cohérence entre les deux , sinon Google risque de modifier la fiche avec d’autres informations , impliquant par la suite un mauvais référencement de votre entreprise , et donc une mauvaise visibilité .
À l’instar d’un site web , la fiche Google Maps d’un établissement doit être alimentée régulièrement ( avec de nouvelles photos , de nouveaux avis , etc ) pour être bien référencée .
En fonction de leurs recherches , le référencement aide Google à proposer aux internautes des résultats pertinents .
Google MyBusiness permet , en outre , de créer des liens qui renvoient vers votre site web ( vers la page d’accueil ou d’autres pages ciblées ) , de nouveaux articles ( « Google Post » ) ou encore un lien avec les événements de votre page Facebook .
Tout cela créer de l’interaction et permet d’augmenter le trafic de visiteurs sur votre site , favorisant ainsi un bon référencement , et donc , une bonne visibilité de ce dernier .
Enfin , cet outil permet d’accéder à des statistiques intéressantes telles que le nombre de demandes d’itinéraire jusqu’à votre établissement ou le taux de clics effectués depuis votre fiche .
Comme le site web , la fiche Google Mybusiness est la vitrine de votre entreprise sur internet et représente la première action de communication à effectuer pour en améliorer la visibilité .
Mettant à disposition de ses utilisateurs de plus en plus de fonctionnalités ( comme récemment la mise en valeur du logo de l’entreprise ou la possibilité de récompenser par des « offres spéciales » certains clients qui vous suivent activement sur le web ) , le service Google MyBusiness a donc de très beaux jours devant lui …
