Modern Caligulas :
Some examples of these newly organized neo-con think - tanks would include the Bill Kristol , Robert Kagan - headed , Foreign Policy Initiative ( FPI ) , the Clifford May - headed Foundation for the Defense of Democracies , the John Nagi-led Center for a New American Security , and the “ liberal ” John Podesta - led Center for American Progress ( CAP ) .
It must be remembered that many of the most prominent members of the neo-con movement such as Paul Wolfowitz , Richard Perle , and Elliot Abrams , started their political careers as Henry “ Scoop ” Jackson Democrats in the early 1970s , working on the late , hawkish pro-Zionist , Democratic senator 's staff during the Republican Nixon administration .
the Center for American Progress has at least 10 “ experts ” advising the Obama administration , and may in fact be the most influential of the various think tanks jockeying to push policy positions on the new administration .
Signs Of Resistance :
“ clash of civilizations ”
“ In an unprecedented move , the Obama administration is readying for a possible confrontation with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu by briefing Democratic congressmen on the peace process and the positions of the new government in Israel regarding a two - state solution .
The Obama administration is expecting a clash with Netanyahu over his refusal to support the establishment of a Palestinian state alongside Israel .
In recent weeks , American officials have briefed senior Democratic congressmen and prepared the ground for the possibility of disagreements with Israel over the peace process .
The preemptive briefing is meant to foil the possibility that Netanyahu may try to bypass the administration by rallying support in Congress . ”
" Just when we thought it was safe to project a sane and rational American foreign policy to the world ; that old shape - shifting political chameleon , known as the modern neo-conservative movement has again reared its multi-faceted head .
The neo-cons seem to have re-organized themselves under the banners of various new think tanks and foreign policy configurations , after dumping the old PNAC ( Project for a New American Century ) letterhead .
The rallying point around which these various neo-con configurations revolve is the Obama administration 's military push into Afghanistan .
It seems that the Obama administration 's escalation of military operations in the Afghan war , has given the opportunistic neo-cons the opening they needed to attempt to push forward their elitist , American world empire , based ideas and policy positions that many political pundits thought had died with the end of the Bush administration .
The fact that a Democratic administration is in the Oval Office has absolutely no bearing on the neo-cons drive to attach themselves and their ideas to Obama 's foreign policy initiatives ; since historically the neo-con movement has attempted to infiltrate and influence both Democratic and Republican administrations .
According to a article in the April 20 issue of The American Conservative magazine by Michael Brendan Dougherty titled “ Neoconned Again , ” the new neo -con coming out party took place at the end of March , at a conference sponsored by the Foreign Policy Initiative think - tank , under the title , “ Planning for Success in Afghanistan .
” According to Dougherty this conference was attended by a who's who of the neo-con movement in both its liberal and conservative wings .
Attendees included Bill Kristol , Robert Kagan , Scooter Libby , Max Boot , and members of the so - called liberal , George Soros - funded Center for American Progress , which according to its website , advocates an aggressive troop escalation in Afghanistan .
According to an article from the Bloomberg.com website titled , “ Soros - Funded Democratic Idea Factory Becomes Obama Policy Font , ” by Edwin Chen , Each one of these neo - con think tanks is trying to influence and to ultimately put itself in a position to control the foreign policy strategy of the executive branch of government .
The success of the neo-cons in perpetuating their ideas and policies will depend on their ability to sway the thinking of President Obama and his administration , but there are signs President Obama may in fact be resisting the neo-con initiatives , and instead plotting an independent course in his foreign policy thinking .
The President 's video message to the people of Iran , and his visit to the nation of Turkey , where he stated that America is not at war with Islam , seem to fly in the face of the anti-Islam , mindset of the neo-con war party 's ability to sway the thinking of President Obama and his administration .
And perhaps still stinging from the attack and derailment of their nomination of Chas Freeman ( because of his alleged pro-Palestinian foreign policy leanings ) for director of national intelligence by the powerful Israeli lobby and its neo-con supporters — the Obama administration has embarked on an aggressive strategy to control the political debate in Congress regarding a two - state solution to the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
In an article on the Israeli - based website http://haaretz.com titled , “ Obama team readying for confrontation with Netanyahu , ” writer Aluf Benn states , With Netanyahu scheduled to visit Washington , D.C. this month , the stage seems set for a major showdown .
The only way the neo-cons can succeed in steering American foreign policy towards their world view is to control the thinking of a gullible chief executive , along with key members of his administration ; but with proper guidance , wisdom , and fortitude , maybe our new President can avoid their influence and forge a just and independent path . " - Robert Muhammad ( Excerpt : They 're Baaaack ! Neo-Cons Re- Organize ” , 5 . 13 . 2009 .
Image : - VioletPlanet , Marble bust of Roman Emperor Caligula aka Gaius Julius Caesar Augustus Germanicus , Reign : AD 37 –AD 41 , Getty Villa , Los Angeles , CA , 5.11.09 ) .
Obama team retains Bush polar bear policy GLOBAL WARMING
The Obama administration has decided to keep a Bush - era policy on polar bears - declining to crack down on greenhouse - gas polluters on the grounds that their emissions are helping shrink the bears ' habitat on Arctic sea ice , officials announced Friday .
The problem of climate change is so big , and so complicated , that it would essentially overwhelm the bureaucracy created to protect threatened and endangered species , officials said .
As a result , according to Interior Secretary Ken Salazar , the bears will continue to be listed as " threatened . "
But the government will not use the 1973 Endangered Species Act to attack the main problem that threatens them .
" The Endangered Species Act is not the appropriate tool for us to deal with what is a global issue , " Salazar said in a conference call with reporters .
Instead , he said , the Obama administration would continue to push for a cap on U.S. greenhouse gas emissions through legislation .
The polar bear , which environmental groups have made the furry face of climate change , presents a kind of problem that will come up again .
Scientists say climate change is affecting animals all over the world , altering their habitats underneath them or slowly shifting ecosystems out of sync .
But , federal officials said , the Endangered Species Act was written for a different kind of threat .
In cases where an animal is threatened by logging , trapping or land development , it is used to identify - and punish - individual actions that harm them .
That framework cannot be applied to climate change , they said , because the sources of that problem are global .
" Can we actually link an effect to any listed species to an incremental increase in greenhouse gases that would come out of any particular smokestack ? " said Rick Sayers , of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service .
At this point , he said , the answer is no .
Friday 's decision was criticized by environmental groups : John Kostyack , of Defenders of Wildlife , conceded that it would have been difficult to tackle a massive problem like greenhouse gases through the endangered species bureaucracy .
But he said that should not be a reason formally to let polluters off the hook .
Each smokestack is " just like buying another pack of cigarettes , " Kostyack said .
" You 're adding to the risk of the species . "
Scientists say that while the bear population has more than doubled since the 1960s - 25,000 of the mammals can be found across the Arctic region from Alaska to Greenland - as many as 15,000 could be lost in the coming decades because of the loss of Arctic sea ice , a key element of its habitat .
Reaction to Salazar 's decision Friday was sharply divided .
Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin hailed the decision as a " clear victory for Alaska " because it removes the link between bear protection and climate change and should help North Slope oil and gas development .
Both of Alaska 's senators and its only House member also praised the decision and rejected claims that the bear wo n't be protected .
But environmentalists and some of their leading advocates in Congress were disappointed .
" The polar bear is threatened , and we need to act , " said Sen. Barbara Boxer , D - Calif. , who chairs the environment panel , adding that she disagreed with Salazar 's decision not to revoke the Bush regulation .
Monday , June 22
Robot technology is advancing in every part of the economy , but it is moving at a particularly fast clip in health care .
A robotic wheelchair can now read the mind of a paralyzed person and take him where he wants to go .
Watch a video of how it works here .
It does n’t look pretty — users have to wear a skull cap with 16 electrodes plastered on their head .
But it will soon allow people to maneuver through homes and buildings , even in crowded conditions .
It works by reading brain waves of the user , picked up by the electrodes .
Designers are now working on ways to allow mid-move corrections in direction and destination .
Health care has been an obvious frontier for robot technology .
But now that saving money is more important than ever , expect to see more robots at hospitals and probably even outpatient settings .
Hospitals have been using robots to deliver drugs for several years .
HelpMate robots have been roaming the corridors of acute - care facilities since 1999 , delivering food , pharmaceuticals and lab specimens .
Hospital staff humanize them by giving them names like Rosie , Roscoe and Elvis .
Hospital administrators like them because Rosie , Roscoe and Elvis will never ask for a day off , never take a sick day , and never lobby for a raise .
They do n’t take coffee breaks and congregate in hallways , whispering unkind comments about management .
A few down sides have begun to appear as robot behavior clashes with human behavior .
For example , when human staff boards an elevator with the hospital robot , he or she may be surprised that the machine has to reposition itself within a confined space .
Of course , there is tremendous potential here for home health aides to assist the elderly and chronically ill .
You can see more details on that trend in this excellent article in Proto , the Massachusetts General Hospital newsletter .
Predictably , people grow fond of their robots and begin to treat them like pets , social scientists say .
And it wo n’t be long before models become increasingly human - like , which will forge an even greater bond between patient and robot - helper .
The Japanese have been trailblazers in this area , especially Honda , the auto manufacturer .
Asimo , as long as you ’re in the kitchen , can you grab me a cold one ?
Now , yes .
Some of this makes people nervous .
Hollywood has tended to demonize robots , and there are some potential … shall we say … drawbacks .
But the benefits would seem to far outweigh the negatives .
Look for robots to become major players in every aspect of health care — even surgery and mental health services .
Expect sophistication to expand exponentially throughout the coming decade .
First published Mon Jan 12 , 2009 ; substantive revision Tue Nov 11 , 2014
Philosophical discussion of this paradox has tended to focus on three main questions .
First , there 's a purely mathematical question : why does n't Skolem 's Paradox introduce an outright contradiction into set theory ?
Second , there 's a historical question .
Skolem himself gave a pretty good explanation as to why Skolem 's Paradox does n't constitute a straightforward mathematical contradiction ; why , then , did Skolem and his contemporaries continue to find the paradox so philosophically troubling ?
Finally there 's a purely philosophical question : what , if anything , does Skolem 's Paradox tell us about our understanding of set theory and / or about the semantics of set - theoretic language ?
Skolem 's Paradox involves a seeming conflict between two theorems from classical logic .
The Löwenheim - Skolem theorem says that if a first - order theory has infinite models , then it has models whose domains are only countable .
Cantor 's theorem says that some sets are uncountable .
Skolem 's Paradox arises when we notice that the basic principles of Cantorian set theory — i.e. , the very principles used to prove Cantor 's theorem on the existence of uncountable sets — can themselves be formulated as a collection of first - order sentences .
How can the very principles which prove the existence of uncountable sets be satisfied by a model which is itself only countable ?
How can a countable model satisfy the first - order sentence which says that there are uncountably many mathematical objects — e.g. , uncountably many real numbers ?
To understand Skolem 's Paradox , we need to start by recalling two theorems from classical logic .
[ 1 ]
The first comes from the late 19th century .
In 1873 , Georg Cantor formulated a new technique for measuring the size — or cardinality — of a set of objects .
Cantor 's idea was that two sets should have the same cardinality just in case their members can be put into one - to - one correspondence with each other .
So , for instance , the set { 1 , 2 , … , 26} can be put into one - to - one correspondence with the set { A , B , … , Z } via the natural map which relates 1 to A , 2 to B , 3 to C , etc. , etc. ; similarly , the set of natural numbers can be put into one - to - one correspondence with the set of even numbers via the map : x 2x .
When Cantor applied this conception of cardinality to infinite sets , he came to the initially surprising conclusion that there are different kinds of infinity .
There are relatively small infinite sets like the set of even numbers , the set of integers , or the set of rational numbers .
These sets can all be put into one - to - one correspondence with the natural numbers ; they are called countably infinite .
In contrast , there are much “ larger ” infinite sets like the set of real numbers , the set of complex numbers , or the set of all subsets of the natural numbers .
These sets are too big to be put into one - to - one correspondence with the natural numbers ; they are called uncountably infinite .
Cantor 's
Theorem , then , is just the claim that there are uncountably infinite sets — sets which are , as it were , too big to count as countable . [ 2 ]
Our second theorem comes from the early 20th century .
In 1915 , Leopold Löwenheim proved that if a first - order sentence has a model , then it has a model whose domain is countable .
[ 3 ]
In 1922 , Thoralf Skolem generalized this result to whole sets of sentences .
He proved that if a countable collection of first - order sentences has an infinite model , then it has a model whose domain is only countable .
This is the result which typically goes under the name the Löwenheim - Skolem Theorem .
Before moving on , it is useful to mention three , somewhat more refined , versions of this theorem . [ 4 ]
Let T be a countable collection of first - order sentences and let A be an infinite set .
The Upward Löwenheim - Skolem Theorem says that if T has any infinite model , then T has a model whose domain has the same size as A ( indeed , we can assume without loss of generality that the domain of this second model just is A ) .
[ 5 ]
The Downward Löwenheim - Skolem Theorem says that if N is a model of ( infinite ) cardinality κ and if λ is an infinite cardinal smaller than than κ , then N has a submodel of cardinality λ which satisfies exactly the same sentences as N itself does .
[ 6 ]
Finally , the Transitive Submodel Theorem strengthens the downward Löwenheim - Skolem theorem by saying that if our initial N happens to be a so - called transitive model for the language of set theory , then the submodel generated by the downward theorem can also be chosen to be transitive . [ 7 ]
Return , now , to the original version of the Löwenheim - Skolem theorem — the one which simply claimed that any theory which has an infinite model also has a model which is countably infinite .
Skolem 's Paradox arises when we notice that the standard axioms of set theory can themselves be formulated as ( countable ) collection of first - order sentences .
If these axioms have a model at all , therefore , then the Löwenheim - Skolem theorem ensures that they have a model with a countable domain . [ 8 ]
But this seems quite puzzling .
How can the very axioms which prove Cantor 's theorem on the existence of uncountable sets be satisfied by a model which is itself only countable ?
How can a countable model satisfy the first - order sentence which “ says that ” there are uncountably many things ?
These questions can be made somewhat more concrete by considering a specific case .
Let T be a standard , first - order axiomatization of set theory .
( For convenience , this entry will focus on the case where T is ZFC , but any standard axiomatization of set theory would do equally well . )
On the assumption that T has a model , the Löwenheim - Skolem theorems ensure that it has a countable model .
Call this model M. Now , as T ⊢ ∃x “ x is uncountable , ” there must be some mˆ ∈ M such that M ⊨ “ mˆ is uncountable . ”
But , as M itself is only countable , there are only countably many m ∈ M such that M ⊨ m ∈ m ˆ
On the surface , then , we seem to have a straightforward contradiction : from one perspective , mˆ looks uncountable , while from another perspective , mˆ is clearly countable .
This , then , gives us a fairly simple formulation of Skolem 's Paradox .
Before turning to look at this paradox 's solution , a point about motivation is probably in order .
From one perspective , there 's nothing especially surprising about the fact that a particular model fails to accurately capture every feature of the reality of which it is a model .
A mathematical model of a physical theory , for instance , may contain only real numbers and sets of real numbers , even though the theory itself concerns , say , subatomic particles and regions of space - time .
Similarly , a tabletop model of the solar system will get some things right about the solar system while getting other things quite wrong .
So , for instance , it may get the relative sizes of the planets right while getting their absolute sizes ( or even their proportional sizes ) wrong ; or it may be right about the fact that the planets move around the sun , while being wrong about the mechanism of this motion ( e.g. , the planets do n't really move around the sun because some demonstrator turns a crank ! ) .
Given all this , it may be unclear why we should even expect first - order models of set theory to accurately capture the distinction between countable and uncountable sets .
Hence , it may be unclear why we should even think that Skolem 's Paradox looks paradoxical in the first place .
Although we 'll say more about this kind of issue later ( see especially sections 2.1 and 3.1 ) , a few preliminary remarks are appropriate here .
First , it 's important to note that there are some set - theoretic concepts which first - order models do capture quite precisely .
As we 'll see in section 3.1 , first - order models capture finite cardinality notions — e.g. , “ x is empty , ” “ x has two members , ” “ x has seventeen members , ” etc. — quite nicely . [ 9 ]
If we allow ourselves to use infinitely many formulas , then we can also capture the more - general notion “ x is infinite . ” [ 10 ]
Finally , if we fix our understanding of membership — i.e. , if we restrict our attention to models which use the real membership relation to interpret the symbol “ ∈ ” — then we can also capture the general notion “ x is finite . ” [ 11 ]
Given all this , Skolem 's Paradox shows that the line between countable and uncountable sets is , in a fairly deep sense , the first place where our model theory loses the ability to capture cardinality notions .
This fact helps to explain why Skolem 's Paradox may continue to look paradoxical even after we 've absorbed the general points about models and model theory which were presented in the second - to - last paragraph .
In short : it 's the very fact that we can capture so many of the cardinality notions which live , as it were , below the countable / uncountable distinction which makes our sudden inability to capture the countable / uncountable distinction itself so initially surprising .
Second , Skolem 's Paradox does not depend on the specific axiomatization of set theory that we happen to be working with .
Any first - order axiomatization of set theory can have the Löwenheim - Skolem theorems applied to it , so every such axiomatization is subject to Skolem 's Paradox .
This means , in particular , that we can't resolve the paradox by simply choosing a new axiomatization of set theory ( or adding some new axioms to the axiomatization that we 're already using ) .
The fact that Skolem 's paradox is , in this way , intrinsic to the first - order context — that it is an inescapable fact about first - order axiomatizations of set theory — is another reason why Skolem 's Paradox may seem so initially puzzling .
This , then , gives us a first pass at formulating Skolem 's Paradox .
In the next section , we explain why this simple version of the paradox does n't constitute a genuine contradiction , and we look at several more - refined formulations of the paradox .
In section 3 , we turn to historical and philosophical issues .
Section 3.1 looks at Skolem 's own understanding of his paradox .
Sections 3.2–3.4 look at some more - recent attempts to argue that , even though the paradox does n't constitute a genuine mathematical contradiction , it still tells us something philosophically important about the nature of our understanding of set theory .
In an introduction to the 1922 paper where Thoralf Skolem first presented Skolem 's Paradox , Jean van Heijenoort writes that the paradox “ is not a paradox in the sense of an antinomy … it is a novel and unexpected feature of formal systems . ” [ 12 ]
This comment reflects the general consensus on Skolem 's Paradox within the mathematical community .
Whatever philosophical problems the paradox is supposed to engender , it just does n't constitute a problem for mathematics .
To understand why the paradox does n't constitute a problem for mathematics we need to ask two questions .
In the simple formulation of the paradox given above , we noted that there 's a specific mˆ ∈ M such that M ⊨ “ mˆ is uncountable . ”
Literally , of course , this is n't quite right .
What we really mean here is that there 's a rather complicated formula in the language of formal set theory — a formula which mathematicians sometimes find it convenient to abbreviate with the English expression “ x is uncountable ” — and that M satisfies this particular formula at mˆ .
For convenience , let 's denote the relevant formula by “ Ω( x ) . ”
Then we can rephrase the fact mentioned above by saying that M ⊨ Ω[ mˆ ] . [ 13 ]
Our two questions , then , are these :
Why is it so natural to abbreviate Ω ( x ) by “ x is uncountable ” ?
Why , in particular , would anyone even think that the fact that M ⊨ Ω[m ˆ ] entails that m ˆ is uncountable ?
Why does n't the fact M ⊨ Ω[m ˆ ] really entail that m ˆ is uncountable ?
In effect , the first of these questions asks whether Skolem 's Paradox is simply an artifact of our abbreviations , an artifact which would disappear if Skolem 's Paradox were formulated more carefully and perspicuously .
Assuming that it would n't so disappear , the second question asks for a more - detailed explanation of how the paradox can really be dissolved .
There are two ways to approach the first question .
On the one hand , we could start with the formula Ω( x ) , and give this formula what we might call its “ ordinary English ” interpretation .
This is the interpretation which lets “ ∈ ” refer to the real set - theoretic membership relation , which lets “ ∀ ” and “ ∃ ” range over the whole ( real ) set - theoretic universe , and which interprets “ = ” and the propositional connectives in the usual manner . [ 14 ]
Then for any set m , Ω ( m ) will come out true if and only if m is uncountable . [ 15 ]
This shows that there is at least one interpretation of Ω ( x ) under which this formula really does capture — at least from an extensional perspective — the ordinary mathematical notion of uncountability .
So , there 's at least one interpretation under which Ω ( mˆ ) really does say that mˆ is uncountable .
On the other hand , we could start , not with the formula Ω( x ) , but with the ordinary English sentence “ x is uncountable . ”
If asked what this sentence means , a set theorist will say something about the lack of a bijection between x and the natural numbers . [ 16 ]
If asked about the phrase “ is a bijection , ” she will go on to talk about collections of ordered pairs satisfying certain nice properties , and if asked about the term “ ordered pair , ” she will say something about the ways one can identify ordered pairs with particular sets .
If she takes this process far enough — and if she saves herself some time by using symbols like ¬ and ∃y as abbreviations for “ not ” and “ there exists a set y such that ” — then she will eventually obtain a detailed explication of “ x is uncountable ” which looks just like the formula Ω( x ) .
That is , if we simply compare the syntax of her explication of “ x is uncountable ” with the syntax of Ω ( x ) , then we will find that these two expressions contain exactly the same symbols in exactly the same order . [ 17 ]
Once again , therefore , we find that there 's a real , if a somewhat superficial , similarity between Ω ( x ) and “ x is uncountable ” — a similarity which remains even after we stop using “ x is uncountable ” as a straightforward abbreviation for Ω ( x ) , and a similarity which explains why even a perspicuously formulated version of Skolem 's Paradox may continue to look somewhat puzzling .
These , then , are two ways of thinking about the relationship between Ω ( x ) and “ x is uncountable . ”
Together they explain why it 's so natural for mathematicians to use “ x is uncountable ” as an abbreviation for Ω ( x ) and ( so ) why someone might be inclined to think that the fact that M ⊨ Ω [ mˆ ] should entail that mˆ is uncountable .
They also bring us back to our second question : why does n't the fact that M ⊨ Ω [ mˆ ] really entail that mˆ is uncountable .
To answer this second question , it 's useful to begin by comparing the ordinary English interpretation of Ω ( x ) — the one introduced three paragraphs ago and the one which really does entail that x is uncountable — with the model - theoretic interpretation of Ω ( x ) that 's given by M and ⊨.
Clearly , it 's this latter , model - theoretic interpretation which is most relevant to understanding the fact that M ⊨ Ω[mˆ ] .
Further , it 's only if this model - theoretic interpretation is pretty closely tied to the ordinary English interpretation — and so , derivatively , to the ordinary English expression “ x is uncountable ” — that we will have any real grounds for believing that the fact that M ⊨ Ω [ mˆ ] should entail that mˆ is uncountable .
Fortunately , even a rough description of the model - theoretic interpretation is enough to show that no such “ close ties ” exist .
The model - theoretic interpretation is obtained by letting the significance of “ ∈ ” be fixed by the interpretation function of M , letting the quantifiers in Ω ( x ) range over the domain of M , and letting the significance of “ = ” and the propositional connectives be fixed by the recursion clauses in the the definition of first - order satisfaction .
This description highlights two immediate differences between the model - theoretic interpretation and the ordinary English interpretation .
First , the model - theoretic interpretation understands “ ∈ ” to refer to whatever binary relation on M happens to fall under the interpretation function of M ; in contrast , the ordinary - English interpretation of Ω ( x ) understands “ ∈ ” to refer to the real set - theoretic membership relation .
But there is no reason to think that these two understandings agree with each other .
We can find cases were M ⊨ m 1 ∈ m 2 , despite the fact that neither m 1 nor m 2 are even sets ( indeed , as far as the model theory is concerned , m 1 and m 2 could both be cats , or rabbits , or hedgehogs , or … ) . [ 18 ]
Further , even when all of the elements in M are sets , this provides no guarantee that the model - theoretic understanding of “ ∈ ” will agree with the ordinary English understanding .
We can find a case where m 1 and m 2 are genuine sets , but where M ⊨ m 1 ∈ m 2 , despite the fact that m 1 is not really a member of m 2 ; similarly , we can find a case where M ⊨ m 1 ∉ m 2 , despite the fact that m 1 really is a member of m 2 ( and where , once again , m 1 and m 2 are genuine sets ) . [ 19 ]
Second , the model - theoretic interpretation understands “ ∃x ” and “ ∀x ” to range only over the domain of M , while the ordinary English interpretation understands these quantifiers to range over the whole set - theoretic universe .
Clearly , these two understandings are quite different .
Further , the differences in question are pretty closely related to the sorts of sets that are involved in Skolem 's Paradox .
Suppose , for instance , that M ⊨ “ mˆ is the set of real numbers . ”
Then a simple cardinality argument shows that there are 2 ℵ 0 real numbers which do not live in the domain of M ( and so , in particular , which do not live in {m | M ⊨ m ∈ mˆ } ) .
Hence , there 's a real difference between the genuinely uncountable set ℜ and the merely countable set {m | M ⊨ m ∈ mˆ }— between , that is , the real set of real numbers and the set of things which M merely thinks are real numbers .
On the model - theoretic interpretation of Ω ( x ) , the quantifiers only range over the latter , smaller set , while on the ordinary English interpretation , they range over the entire , larger set .
Similarly , suppose that M ⊨ “ m is infinite . ”
Then we can show that there are exactly 2 ℵ 0 bijections f : ω → {m′ ∈ M | M ⊨ m′ ∈ m }.[ 20 ]
However , at most countably many of these bijections live in the domain of M .
Hence , only countably many of them are “ seen ” by ∃x and ∀x under the model - theoretic interpretation of Ω ( x ) , although all 2 ℵ 0 of them are “ seen ” under the ordinary English interpretation .
Taken together , these results suggest that Skolem 's Paradox may simply turn on a surreptitious slide between two different interpretations of Ω ( x ) .
Given a countable model for ZFC , it 's the model - theoretic interpretation of Ω ( x ) which allows us to find an element mˆ ∈ M such that M ⊨ Ω[mˆ ] .
But it 's only the ordinary - English interpretation which provides us with any real grounds for thinking that Ω ( mˆ ) entails that mˆ is uncountable .
Further , and as we have just seen , there are enough differences between the model - theoretic interpretation and the ordinary English interpretation to make us suspicious of any facile slide between the two ( even if we did n't know that this slide would eventually lead us all the way to Skolem 's Paradox ) .
In particular , then , we should resist any attempt to move directly from the fact that M ⊨ Ω [ mˆ ] to the claim that mˆ is uncountable .
In effect , this analysis treats Skolem 's paradox as a straightforward case of equivocation .
There 's one interpretation of Ω ( mˆ ) under which this formula really does entail that mˆ is an uncountable set ; there 's another — quite different — interpretation which ensures that M ⊨ Ω[mˆ ] ; Skolem 's Paradox depends on confusing these two interpretations .
In principle , we should be no more surprised to find that this confusion leads us astray then we are to find that our direct deposits are n't buried in the local riverbank .
Indeed the model - theoretic case may be a bit worse than the banking case : you could get lucky and find buried treasure while digging in the riverbank , but it 's a straightforward theorem that if M is countable , then {m | M ⊨ m ∈ mˆ } is also countable .
This , then , gives us a fairly simply solution to Skolem 's Paradox .
It 's a solution which explains why most mathematicians do n't find the paradox very troubling , and it's also a fairly popular solution in the philosophical literature .
It is , for instance , essentially the solution that Skolem himself gave back in 1922 ( Skolem 1922 ) , and variants of this solution have appeared in more recent discussions of the paradox ( Resnik 1966 ; Myhill 1967 ; Hart 1970 ; McIntosh 1979 ; Benacerraf 1985 ; Shapiro 1991 ; Giaquinto 2002 ) .
It also appears in a number of recent introductory textbooks ( Shoenfield 1967 ; Kleene 1967 ; Fraenkel et al.
1984 ; Ebbinghaus et al. 1994 ; van Dalen 1997 ) .
Before turning to examine some of the more - purely philosophical issues concerning Skolem 's Paradox , a few further points about the paradox 's mathematics are in order .
First , in order to get a better feel for how the differences between the model - theoretic and the ordinary English interpretations of Ω ( x ) actually give rise to Skolem 's Paradox , it 's worth tracking these differences through a slightly more refined version of the paradox .
We say that a set X is transitive if every member of X is a set , and every member of a member of X is also a member of X ( so , y ∈ x ∈ X ⇒ y ∈ X ) .
We say that a model for the language of set theory is transitive if the model 's domain is a transitive set and the model 's “ membership ” relation is just the real membership relation restricted to the model 's domain ( so , for any m 1 , m 2 ∈ M , m 1 ∈ m 2 ⇔ M ⊨ m 1 ∈ m 2 ) .
Then , as noted in section 1 , the Transitive Submodel Theorem says that if we start with any transitive model of ZFC , then we can find a transitive model whose domain is countable ( indeed , we may assume that this countable model is a submodel of the model with which we started ) .
Suppose , then , that M is a countable transitive model of ZFC .
This has two effects on the analysis of Skolem 's Paradox given in the last section .
First , it ensures that the model - theoretic and the ordinary English interpretations of Ω ( x ) agree on the interpretation of “ ∈ ” : for m 1 , m 2 ∈ M , M ⊨ m 1 ∈ m 2 if and only if m 1 really is a member of m 2 . [ 21 ]
In this case , therefore , the explanation of Skolem 's Paradox has to involve the interpretation of the quantifiers .
Second , the fact that M is transitive ensures that M gets more than just membership right .
In particular , if f and m live in the domain of M , then M ⊨ “ f : ω → m is a bijection ” if and only if f really is a bijection between the natural numbers and m. [ 22 ]
Together , these facts help us to isolate what 's really going on in the transitive submodel version of Skolem 's Paradox .
Consider again the formula we 've been calling Ω( x ) .
This formula has the form :
Ω(x ) ≡ ¬∃f “ f : ω → x is a bijection ”
Under its ordinary English interpretation , this formula says that the set - theoretic universe does n't contain any bijections between the natural numbers and x .
In particular , Ω ( mˆ ) says that there is no bijection between the natural numbers and mˆ .
In contrast , the model theoretic interpretation of Ω ( mˆ ) — the one which is relevant to the fact that M ⊨ Ω [ mˆ ] — says only that the domain of M does n't contain any bijections between the natural numbers and mˆ . [ 23 ]
Clearly , these two interpretations have the potential to come apart .
And in the case of Skolem 's Paradox , they actually do come apart .
Since M is countable , the set mˆ = {m | M ⊨ m ∈ mˆ } must also be countable .
So , there really does exist a bijection ( indeed , 2 ℵ 0 bijections ) , f : ω → mˆ .
On the ordinary English interpretation of Ω ( mˆ ) , the quantifiers “ see ” these bijections , and so Ω ( mˆ ) comes out false .
What Skolem 's Paradox shows is that M itself does not contain any such bijections .
Hence , the quantifiers in the model - theoretic interpretation of Ω ( mˆ ) do n't see any bijections between ω and mˆ , and so Ω ( mˆ ) comes out true .
In this case , then , differences in the ways the model - theoretic and ordinary English interpretations of Ω ( x ) handle the quantifiers provide a perfectly natural explanation of what 's going on in Skolem 's Paradox .
This transitive submodel version of the paradox has been widely discussed in the literature ( McIntosh 1979 ; Benacerraf 1985 ; Wright 1985 ; Tennant and McCarty 1987 ) .
Indeed , several authors have suggested that transitivity may be necessary to formulate a philosophically significant version of the paradox ( Benacerraf 1985 ; Wright 1985 ) .
See Tennant and McCarty 1987 for some objections to the latter view .
The analysis of sections 2.2–2.3 explains in general terms how a countable model can satisfy a formula like Ω ( x ) at a particular element .
But it may still leave an obvious question unanswered : how can a countable model of ZFC satisfy such a formula ?
Granted that an arbitrary model can interpret a formula like Ω ( x ) in a peculiar manner — how can a model satisfy all of the axioms of set theory while still maintaining this peculiar interpretation ?
Should n't the fact that M satisfies ZFC ensure that M also gets basic set - theoretic notions like countable and uncountable correct ?
The short answer to these questions is this : countable models “ misinterpret ” the axioms of set theory just as badly as they misinterpret the formula Ω( x ) .
For the moment , let 's stick with the assumption that M is transitive and consider the power set axiom : [ 24 ]
∀x ∃y ∀z [ z ⊆ x ↔ z ∈ y ]
On its ordinary English interpretation , this axiom says that every set has a power set — a set which contains all and only the subsets of the set with which we began . [ 25 ]
On its model - theoretic interpretation , however , the axiom says something much weaker .
For any X ∈ M , the axiom ensures that we can find a Y ∈ M which contains exactly those subsets of X which also live in M ( so , Y = { Z | Z ⊆ X ∧ Z ∈ M } ) .
But if X is infinite , then most of the subsets of X wo n't live in the domain of M ( since , after all , there are 2 ℵ 0 subsets of X , while the domain of M is only countable ) .
So , the Y generated by the model - theoretic interpretation of the power set axiom will be much smaller than the real power set of X ( Fraenkel et al .
1984 ; Tennant and McCarty 1987 ; Shapiro 1991 ; Hallett 1994 ; Giaquinto 2002 ; Bays 2007a ) .
In this case , then , differences in the ways the model - theoretic and the ordinary English interpretations of the power set axiom handle the initial ∀z - quantifier — and , in particular , differences concerning which subsets of X get “ seen ” by this quantifier — explain how a countable model can satisfy an axiom which is “ supposed to ” generate an uncountable set .
And this kind of phenomena is fairly general .
In Resnik 1966 , Michael Resnik tracks this phenomena through the case of the real numbers .
As before , assume that M is a countable transitive model of ZFC . [ 26 ]
Then there will be a particular R ∈ M such that , modulo some abbreviations ,
M ⊨ “ R is the set of real numbers . ”
Resnik notes that , even though M satisfies this formula , R does n't really contain all the real numbers — it only contains those real numbers which happen to live in the domain of M. [ 27 ]
So , the mere fact that R is countable does n't , in any interesting sense , generate a paradoxical situation in which the set of all real numbers is also countable .
Taken together , these examples highlight a crucial fact : the “ misinterpretations ” which explained how a countable model can satisfy a sentence like Ω ( mˆ ) are actually fairly systematic .
They also explain how these models can satisfy sentences like “ R is the set of real numbers ” or “ Y is the power set of ω ” ; and they even explain how these models can satisfy the axioms of set theory ( e.g. , the power set axiom ) .
When enough of these misinterpretations get put together , they jointly explain how it 's possible for a countable model to both satisfy the axioms of set theory and , at the same time , maintain the peculiar interpretation of Ω ( x ) that we discussed in sections 2.2 –2.3 .
In the end , then , while the Löwenheim - Skolem theorem may still be interesting technical fact — “ a novel and unexpected feature of formal systems , ” in van Heijenoort 's words — Skolem 's Paradox itself should no longer appear very paradoxical .
We close this discussion of the mathematical side of Skolem 's Paradox with four final points .
First , the discussion in 2.3 –2.4 focused on the transitive submodel case of Skolem 's Paradox .
This case is relatively straightforward to analyze , and ( so ) it 's the case that 's been most widely discussed in the literature .
But it can also be somewhat misleading .
Much of the analysis of 2.3 – 2.4 turned on the fact that transitive models get a lot of things “ right ” about the set - theoretic universe ( membership , bijections , real numbers , etc. ) .
Most importantly , if M is transitive and m ∈ M , then m = {m′ ∈ M | M ⊨ m′ ∈ m } .
If M is not transitive , however , then nearly all of this falls apart .
Bays has argued that there are versions of Skolem 's Paradox which turn solely on the way certain non-transitive models interpret a few specific instances of the membership relation in Ω ( x ) ( Bays 2007a , sections 4 – 5 ) .
Similar points would carry over to our discussion of power sets and real numbers in section 2.4 .
We can , for instance , find a countable model of ZFC which contains the whole set of real numbers as a member — the model remains countable only because ℜ ≠ {m | M ⊨ m ∈
ℜ} ( Benacerraf 1985 ; Bays 2007a , section 1 ) .
In short , although the generic explanation of Skolem 's Paradox that was given in section 2.2 — the one which simply notices that there are some differences between the model - theoretic and the ordinary English interpretations of Ω ( x ) and then chalks Skolem 's Paradox up to some kind of equivocation between these two interpretations — continues to hold up when we move to non-transitive models , the more - detailed analyses of 2.3 – 2.4 all break down .
In the general non-transitive case , therefore , the analysis of section 2.2 may be the best we can do in giving an explanation of Skolem 's Paradox ( which is not to say that we can't give more - detailed explanations in the context of any particular non-transitive model ) .
This brings us to a second point .
Skolem 's Paradox depends crucially upon the fact that we 're using a first - order axiomatization of set theory .
More precisely , it depends upon the fact that we 're using first - order model theory to interpret this axiomatization .
In 1930 , Zermelo proved that ( second - order ) models of second - order ZFC compute cardinalities and power sets correctly . [ 28 ]
In particular , then , if M is a model for second - order ZFC and if mˆ ∈ M , then M ⊨ “ mˆ is uncountable ” if and only if {m | M ⊨ m ∈ mˆ } really is uncountable .
Hence , Skolem 's Paradox does n't arise in the second - order context ( Zermelo 1930 ; Shapiro 1991 ) .
This second point shows that Skolem 's Paradox goes away if our logic is strong enough .
The third point shows that weakening our logic has a similar effect .
In Tennant and McCarty 1987 , Tennant and McCarty show that standard proofs of the Löwenheim - Skolem theorem fail in constructivist set theory , and they argue that the theorem itself is probably constructively invalid . [ 29 ]
This means that there 's no way to generate Skolem 's Paradox from within the framework of constructivist mathematics .
For constructivists , therefore , as for those who are willing to countenance second - order axiomatizations of set theory , Skolem 's paradox simply does n't arise .
Together , these last two points highlight just how central classical first - order logic is to Skolem 's Paradox .
From a mathematical standpoint , this should n't be all that surprising .
Lindstrom has shown that the Löwenheim - Skolem theorems play a key role in characterizing first - order logic itself ( Lindström 1966 ; Lindström 1969 ; Ebbinghaus 2007 ) .
Given this , it should be unsurprising that the puzzle that 's most closely associated with these theorems also turns out to be tied pretty closely to the peculiarities of the first - order situation .
Although , as we 've seen , the paradox does n't constitute a straightforward mathematical contradiction , it does help us to understand the nature and limits of classical first - order logic .
This brings us to a final point .
The above discussion explains why those of us who are willing take a naively realistic attitude towards the language of set theory — e.g. , those of us who have no qualms about expressions like “ the ordinary English interpretation of Ω ( x ) ” — should remain untroubled by Skolem 's Paradox .
It 's important to emphasize that this analysis also explains why Skolem 's Paradox does n't introduce contradictions into various forms of axiomatized set theory , even when these axiomatizations are themselves understood formalistically or model - theoretically .
From a proof - theoretic standpoint , for example , there is a difference between unrelativized quantification and quantification which has been explicitly relativized to some formula in our language ( where this formula is one that , from an intuitive perspective , serves to “ pick out ” the domain of countable model of ZFC ) .
So , there 's no a priori reason to think that a sentence with unrelativized quantifiers will conflict with that sentence 's fully - relativised counterpart . [ 30 ]
Similarly , from a model - theoretic perspective , there is a difference between quantifiers which range over the whole domain of a model and quantifiers which only range over the “ elements ” of some particular member of the model ( where , once again , this member is one which the larger model “ thinks ” is a model of ZFC ) .
So , although the naive realism of sections 2.1 –2.4 is useful for expository purposes , it 's not essential to the underlying analysis of Skolem 's Paradox .
The last section explained why Skolem 's Paradox does not constitute a problem for mathematics .
This , of course , has not kept philosophers from arguing that the paradox does constitute a problem for philosophy .
In this section , we explore several attempts to derive philosophical conclusions from the mathematics surrounding Skolem 's Paradox .
Before doing so , however , two cautionary notes are in order .
First , many of the more provocative discussions of Skolem 's Paradox are quite brief — amounting to little more than suggestive comments made in passing .
Hence , much of the discussion of these comments will have to be somewhat conjectural .
Second , many critical discussions of Skolem 's Paradox have focused simply on working carefully through the paradox 's mathematics and then explaining why the paradox does n't constitute a genuine mathematical contradiction .
Since this material was already covered in section 2 , we wo n't say any more about these issues in this section .
In the 1922 paper where he originally presented Skolem 's Paradox , Skolem used the paradox to argue for two philosophical conclusions : that set theory can't serve as a “ foundation for mathematics ” and that axiomatizing set theory leads to a “ relativity of set theoretic notions ” ( Skolem 1922 ) .
These claims , and Skolem 's arguments for them , have attracted considerable attention in the literature .
Unfortunately , Skolem 's paper is quite compressed , and so it 's difficult to determine exactly what these claims were really supposed to amount to .
At present , there are three interpretations of Skolem 's paper which have some currency in the philosophical literature .
Let 's begin with Skolem 's claim that axiomatizing set theory leads to a relativity of set - theoretic notions .
One way to understand this claim is to view it against the backdrop of what we might call an algebraic or model - theoretic conception of axiomatization .
On this conception , the axioms of set theory serve to characterize — or perhaps even to implicitly define — basic set - theoretic notions like set , membership and set - theoretic universe .
So , a set - theoretic universe is simply a model for the axioms of set theory , a set is simply an element in some set - theoretic universe , and membership just refers to whatever binary relation a particular universe uses to interpret the symbol “ ∈. ”
On this conception of axiomatization , then , the axioms of set theory should not be seen as attempts at describing — or even partially describing — some antecedently given “ intended model ” of set theory ; instead , the intended models of set theory are simply those models which happen to satisfy our initial collection of set - theoretic axioms . [ 31 ]
We should emphasize , here , that this algebraic conception of axiomatization would have been quite familiar to mathematicians working at the time Skolem wrote his 1922 paper .
Skolem himself was trained in Schröder 's algebraic school of logic , so this would have been the natural way for him to think about axioms .
But even people who were n't trained in Schröder 's school would have found the conception familiar .
It 's the conception which lay behind Hilbert 's famous axiomatization of geometry ( about which Hilbert reputedly claimed , somewhat notoriously , that we can replace points , lines , and planes with tables , chairs , and beer mugs as long as the latter objects stand in the right kinds of relations ) .
It 's also the conception which lay behind the 19th - century results that arithmetic and analysis can be given categorical ( second - order ) axiomatizations .
Finally , and most importantly , it 's the conception of axiomatization which Skolem attributes to Zermelo in the very paper that we 're currently discussing , and so it 's the conception of Zermelo 's axioms that Skolem is primarily concerned with criticizing . [ 32 ]
Given this algebraic conception of axiomatization , then , Skolem appeals to the Löwenheim - Skolem theorems to argue that the axioms of set theory lack the resources to pin down the notion of uncountability .
Given any first - order axiomatization of set theory and any formula Ω ( x ) which is supposed to capture the notion of uncountability , the Löwenheim - Skolem theorems show that we can find a countable model M which satisfies our axioms .
As in section 1 , therefore , we can find an element mˆ ∈ M such that M ⊨ Ω ( mˆ ) but {m | M ⊨ m ∈ mˆ } is only countable .
Thus , as long the basic set theoretic notions are characterized simply by looking at the model theory of first - order axiomatizations of set theory , then many of these notions — and , in particular , the notions of countability and uncountability — will turn out to be unavoidably relative . [ 33 ]
This , then , provides the content of Skolem 's claim that axiomatizing set theory leads to a relativity of set - theoretic notions .
It is important , here , to distinguish this claim from a more trivial claim which Skolem might be thought to be making .
From one perspective , the algebraic conception of axiomatization leads to an obvious form of relativity : the elements which count as sets in one model may not count as sets in another model , the membership relation of one model may be different than the membership relation of another model , and this latter difference in membership relations may hold even if the two models happen to share the same domain .
On this trivial notion of relativity , therefore , almost everything turns out to be relative , even simple notions like “ x is the empty set ” or “ x is a singleton . ”
After all , an object could be a “ singleton ” in one model while being a “ doubleton ” in another model , or it could be “ the empty set ” in one model while being omitted entirely from another model 's domain .
It 's important to emphasize that Skolem 's own notion of relativity is more sophisticated than this .
Let 's grant that the specific element which serves as “ the empty set ” will not remain constant as we move from one model of set theory to another — with the empty set in the first model becoming , perhaps , a singleton in the second .
Nonetheless , we can still use a formula in the language of set theory to capture the notion “ x is the empty set ” in an essentially absolute way .
In any model of our axioms , an element mˆ ∈ M will satisfy the open formula “ ∀y y ∉ x ” if and only if the set {m | M ⊨ m ∈ mˆ } is really empty .
Hence , there 's at least a sense in which we can still capture the notion “ x is the empty set ” from within the algebraic framework .
And this point extends more widely — a similar argument would apply to notions like “ x is a singleton ” or “ x has seventeen members . ”
Even on the algebraic conception of axiomatization , therefore , there are some set - theoretic notions which we can still pin down pretty precisely .
What the Löwenheim - Skolem theorems show is that , no matter how rich our ( first - order ) set - theoretic axioms may be , we cannot use this kind of technique to pin down the notion “ x is uncountable . ”
This is the result which lies behind all of Skolem 's talk about “ relativity , ” and it 's a result which highlights a genuine weakness in the algebraic approach to set - theoretic axiomatization . [ 34 ]
To summarize , then , the upshot of this discussion is this : if we take a purely algebraic approach to the axioms of set theory , then many basic set - theoretic notions — including the notions of countability and uncountability — will turn out to be relative .
In Skolem 's words : “ axiomatizing set theory leads to a relativity of set - theoretic notions , and this relativity is inseparably bound up with every thoroughgoing axiomatization ” ( Skolem 1922 , p. 296 ) .
Of course , this still leaves open the question of whether these notions are , as it were , absolutely relative — of whether there is some other , non-algebraic and non-thoroughgoing , way of understanding our axioms which does not lead to the sort of relativity we 've just been discussing .
It 's when we turn to this latter question that the various interpretations of Skolem 's paper begin to come apart .
The most traditional interpretation of the paper sees Skolem as mounting a straightforward attack on set theory .
Skolem starts his paper by noting that the classical set - theoretic paradoxes should lead us to be skeptical of informal understandings of set theory — of “ naive reasoning with sets , ” to use Skolem 's own expression .
Given this , our only real option is to fall back on some form of axiomatized set theory , and the only respectable way to understand our axioms is algebraically ( since understanding them intuitively would amount to falling back into our previously discredited naiveté ) .
But Skolem 's Paradox shows that set - theoretic notions are relative on the algebraic conception of axiomatization .
So , these notions are really relative .
In short : the classical paradoxes show that the algebraic conception of set theory is the best conception we 've got , and so Skolem 's Paradox shows that set - theoretic notions are unavoidably relative .
This traditional reading of Skolem is quite prevalent in the folklore ; variants of it are discussed in Hart 1970 , McIntosh 1979 , Muller 2005 , and Bellotti 2006 .
The second interpretation focuses on Skolem 's claim that set theory cannot provide an adequate foundation for mathematics .
In particular , Skolem thinks that set theory lacks the resources to provide a foundation for ordinary arithmetic — on his view , arithmetic is “ clear , natural and not open to question , ” while set theory itself is far more problematic .
To show that set theory is problematic , Skolem runs through a number of different ways of interpreting set theory — naive set theory , axiomatized set theory construed proof - theoretically , axiomatized set theory construed algebraically , etc. — and he argues that each of these understandings of set theory is inadequate for foundational purposes .
On this reading , then , Skolem 's Paradox plays only a modest role in Skolem 's overall argument .
It serves to highlight some problems with one particular conception of set theory ( the algebraic conception ) , but it plays no role in Skolem 's arguments against other conceptions of set theory .
Further , these other arguments do not show — or even purport to show — that the various non-algebraic conceptions of set theory lead to any kind of relativity ( although they do , of course , have other problems which render them unsuitable for foundationalist purposes ) . [ 35 ]
Versions of this foundationalist reading of Skolem 's paper can be found in George 1985 and Benacerraf 1985 ; see Jané 2001 for some criticisms of this line of interpretation .
The final interpretation of Skolem 's argument comes in a paper by Ignacio Jané ( Jané 2001 ) .
Jané 's reading agrees with the traditional interpretation in taking Skolem to be mounting a fairly general attack on set theory — and , in particular , on the notion of an absolutely uncountable set .
But it agrees with the foundationalist interpretation in that it takes this attack to be mounted piecemeal , with Skolem 's Paradox itself playing only a modest role in one prong of the attack .
Very roughly , Jané thinks that Skolem is trying to show that there is no rigorous way to initially introduce the notion of an uncountable set into mathematics .
The set - theoretic paradoxes show that we should not naively take Cantor 's Theorem at face value — so , Cantor 's proof itself does n't force us to accept uncountable sets .
Skolem 's Paradox shows that adopting an algebraic understanding of the set - theoretic axioms also does n't force us to accept uncountable sets , since we can always interpret these axioms as applying to a model that 's only countable .
Of course , as Jané notices , there are a number of strategies that we could use to evade this application of Skolem 's Paradox : we could use uncountably many axioms to force our models to have uncountable domains , we could appeal to the Upward Löwenheim - Skolem theorem to show that Zermelo 's axioms also have uncountable models ( see section 1 ) , or we could move to a second - order version of Zermelo 's axioms and then prove that these axioms can only be satisfied by models with uncountable domains ( see section 2.5 ) .
Unfortunately , each of these strategies presupposes that we already have a prior grip on the notion of an uncountable set — e.g. , to initially characterize an uncountable set of axioms , to formulate the Upward Löwenheim - Skolem theorem , or to prove that second - order ZFC has only uncountable models .
So , none of these strategies can be used to introduce uncountable sets into mathematics in the first place .
Or so , at any rate , Jané takes Skolem to be arguing .
These , then , are the three main interpretations of Skolem 's paper in the literature .
Without taking a stand on which of these interpretations best captures Skolem 's own intentions , we note that most of Skolem 's contemporaries interpreted him as giving something like the “ traditional ” argument described above and that their responses to Skolem 's Paradox reflected this interpretation .
Zermelo himself came to accept the algebraic conception of his axioms , but he then insisted that these axioms should be interpreted in second - order terms and that , so interpreted , they do not fall prey to Skolem 's Paradox ( Zermelo 1930 ; Taylor 1993 ; Ebbinghaus 2003 ) .
Similarly , Tarski suggested that Skolem 's Paradox could be defused by treating “ ∈ ” as a logical constant in some version of type theory ( see the remarks published at the end of Skolem 1958 ) .
But , while both of these suggestions would allow mathematicians to avoid Skolem 's Paradox , they both depend on accepting pieces of powerful mathematical machinery which Skolem — on any reading of his paper — would almost certainly have wanted to reject .
Given Skolem 's philosophical purposes , therefore , these contemporary responses to his paradox would not have seemed very threatening ( see Skolem 1955 and Skolem 1958 for some of Skolem 's own reflections on these kinds of responses ) .
Over the years , there has been a small but steady stream of philosophers and logicians who have found what we 've called the traditional interpretation of Skolem 's paper philosophically compelling — i.e. , compelling as an independent philosophical argument and not just as an interpretation of Skolem 's paper .
Their view , which Michael Resnik has dubbed the “ Skolemite ” view , holds that the Löwenheim - Skolem theorems really do show that set - theoretic notions are relative .
Indeed , Skolemites are often willing to go a bit further than this and claim that , although a given set may be uncountable “ relative to the means of expression of an axiom system , ” every set is countable when considered from an “ absolute ” perspective ( Kneale and Kneale 1962 ; Goodstein 1963 ; Wang 1964 ; Fine 1968 ; Thomas 1968 , 1971 ) .
In this section , we isolate the key idea behind some classical developments of these Skolemite claims , and we then consider some of the responses to them which have appeared in the recent literature .
( In section 3.3 , we consider an interesting new approach to the Skolemite position . )
We start with the Skolemite argument itself .
Very roughly , this argument comes in three steps .
First , it argues that the algebraic conception of set theory is the only respectable conception for contemporary mathematicians and philosophers to adopt .
Second , it follows Skolem in arguing that the algebraic conception of set theory leads to a relativity of set - theoretic notions .
Finally , it extends Skolem 's argument to defend the strong form of relativity mentioned at the end of the last paragraph — i.e. , the one under which every set turns out to be countable when it 's considered from an “ absolute ” perspective .
For our purposes , the second step in this argument has already been considered in enough detail in the context of our discussion of Skolem ; so we 'll simply recap the main points here .
On the algebraic conception of set theory , basic set - theoretic notions are characterized by looking at the model theory of first - order axiomatizations of set theory .
Notions which remain fixed as we move from model to model — in the sense of “ fixed ” that we discussed in the last section — have an “ absolute ” significance ; notions which vary as we move from model to model have only a “ relative ” significance .
Given this , the Löwenheim - Skolem theorems show that the notions of countability and uncountability will in fact vary as we move from model to model .
On the algebraic conception of set theory , therefore , these notions are only “ relative . ” [ 36 ]
This brings us to steps 1 and 3 in the Skolemite argument .
Step 1 is where different versions of this argument display the most variability .
In some cases , step 1 is simply presupposed , so it 's hard to get a feel for how the underlying argument is really supposed to go ( Kneale and Kneale 1962 ; Goodstein 1963 ; Wang 1964 ) .
In other cases , it 's suggested that any rejection of the algebraic conception — and , in particular , any move to simply take expressions like “ all sets ” or “ is really uncountable ” at face value — amounts to falling back on an unacceptably naive form of “ Platonism ” ( Fine 1968 ; Thomas 1968 , 1971 ; Klenk 1976 ) .
In still other cases , Skolemites follow Skolem 's lead and appeal to the set - theoretic paradoxes to bolster their rejection of Platonism ; they then suggest that the abandonment of Platonism leaves the algebraic conception of axiomatization as the only viable alternative ( Klenk 1976 ) .
There 's another strategy that 's available here : some authors have defended the Skolemite position by using other puzzles about the interpretation of mathematical language — i.e. , puzzles other than Skolem 's Paradox — to motivate the initial move from Platonism to the algebraic conception .
So , for instance , Klenk has argued that we can parley one of Benacerraf 's classical puzzles — that presented in Benacerraf 1965 — into this kind of an argument ( Klenk 1976 ) . [ 37 ]
Similarly , Wright has appealed to Wittgensteinian considerations concerning the relationship between meaning and use to motivate a limited Skolemite position ( Wright 1985 ) .
Finally , several authors have suggested that the whole development of twentieth - century set theory tells in favor of the algebraic approach — after all , the entire history of the subject has been a move away from naive approaches to set theory and towards formal axiomatization ( and especially first - order axiomatization ) .
See , Klenk 1976 for this last kind of analysis .
Turn , now , to the third step in the Skolemite argument .
The mathematical theorem which underlies this third step is clear .
Let φ ( x ) be a formula which is supposed to define a unique set — e.g. , “ x is the power set of ω ” or “ x is the set of real numbers . ” [ 38 ]
Then we can find a model M ⊨ ZFC and an element m ∈ M such that M ⊨ φ ( m ) and {m′ ∈ M | M ⊨ m′ ∈ m } is only countable .
So , if we 're willing to concede that all it takes to be , say , the power set of ω is to satisfy the relevant defining formula in some model of set theory , then we can make sense of the claim that at least one instance of the power set of ω is “ really ” countable .
If we are willing make the further assumption that it only takes one bijection to one such instance of the power set of ω to render the power set itself “ absolutely ” countable , then we can understand the Skolemite 's strong claim about absolute countability .
Of course , neither of these two final moves follows in the strict sense from the algebraic conception of axiomatization ; but they are both moves which a proponent of the algebraic conception might well find congenial .
This , then , gives us the basic structure of the various Skolemite arguments .
Before turning to some responses to these arguments which have appeared in the recent literature , it is important to be clear about the role that Skolem 's Paradox itself can and cannot play in these arguments .
At times , it appears as though some Skolemites think that the Löwenheim - Skolem theorems by themselves show that there 's a problem with our ordinary conception of sets : so , the theorems show that set - theoretic notions are relative , relativity is incompatible with our ordinary conception of sets , and so our ordinary conception of sets has to be abandoned ( Kneale and Kneale 1962 ; Goodstein 1963 ) .
It should be clear from section 2 , however , that this line of argument has no chance of succeeding .
The analysis in section 2 shows that those of us who are willing to take a naively realistic attitude towards set theory — or , for that matter , those who take more sophisticated stances which rest on the iterative conception of sets and / or some form of second - order structuralism — will have no problems with Skolem 's Paradox .
Hence , the paradox itself cannot force us to abandon our ordinary conception of sets .
Instead , the successful Skolemite needs to follow the basic approach set out at the beginning of this section .
He begins with an independent argument for the algebraic conception of set theory — i.e. , an argument which would lead us to abandon the ordinary conception of sets in favor of the algebraic conception , and ( crucially ) an argument which does not itself turn on issues relating to Skolem 's Paradox .
Once this preliminary argument is complete , the Skolemite can then proceed to use the algebraic conception of sets ( plus , of course , the Löwenheim - Skolem theorems ) to defend the claims about set - theoretic relativity that are made in steps 2 and 3 of his argument .
Two further comments about this approach are in order .
First , we should note that this approach provides the Skolemite with a response to the kinds of arguments that we made in section 2 .
In particular , it allows him to challenge our all - too - naive use of expressions like “ the ordinary English understanding of ‘ ∈ , ’ ” “ the real members of mˆ , ” “ quantifiers which range over the whole set - theoretic universe , ” etc .
Given an independent argument against the ordinary conception of sets , the Skolemite is not going to be too impressed with a “ solution ” to Skolem 's Paradox which turns on the naive employment of these kinds of expressions .
See Thomas 1968 , 1971 ; Klenk 1976 .
Second , we should note that , although this approach requires the Skolemite to start with an independent argument against our ordinary conception of sets , it need not render the Löwenheim - Skolem theorems themselves completely superfluous .
After all , it 's still a theorem that set - theoretic notions like countability and uncountability come out relative on the algebraic conception .
This is n't something which happens to all set - theoretic notions — e.g. , “ x is the empty set ” or “ x has seventeen members ” — and it 's not something which just drops out from the algebraic conception of axiomatization .
That being said , this is a place where the Skolemite has to be rather careful .
Unless the considerations raised in step 1 of his argument are pretty closely tied to the details of the algebraic conception — and tied in a way which makes that conception genuinely attractive as a positive understanding of set theory — the Skolemite 's larger argument is threatened with a certain kind of rhetorical triviality .
After all , once the Skolemite has the resources to push us to the algebraic conception of set theory — as in step 1 of his argument — then he also has the resources to directly undermine our ordinary conception of sets , and to do so without bringing Skolem 's Paradox itself into the discussion .
If this is right , then the Skolemite 's larger argument could well amount to criticizing ordinary set - theoretic notions for being “ relative ” in a rhetorical context in which the Skolemite has already presented far stronger criticisms of these notions in the course of defending the initial step in his argument .
That would be more than a little bit awkward . [ 39 ]
To avoid this kind of awkwardness , we think that the Skolemite should frame his argument , less as a criticism of our ordinary set - theoretic notions , and more as a constructive analysis of the algebraic conception of set theory .
That is , he should focus primarily on defending the algebraic conception of set theory as an independently plausible conception of set theory ( step 1 ) , and he should then present set - theoretic relativity as simply a new and surprising consequence of this positive conception ( steps 2 – 3 ) .
This argumentative strategy leaves room for the Löwenheim - Skolem theorems to do some real philosophical work — e.g. , as described two paragraphs ago .
It also gives step 1 a tighter — and a more constructive — focus .
On this reading , step 1 serves mainly to highlight the positive virtues of the algebraic conception ; criticizing ordinary set - theoretic notions is ( at best ) a secondary concern . [ 40 ]
( See section 3.3 for more on this kind of point . )
This brings us to the criticisms of the Skolemite argument which have appeared in the recent literature .
Three general forms of criticism are worth mentioning .
First , a number of authors have responded to the Skolemite argument by simply slowly and carefully unpacking the mathematics surrounding the Löwenheim - Skolem theorems so as to show that these theorems themselves cause no problems for even quite naive understandings of set theory ( Resnik 1966 ; Benacerraf 1985 ; Bays 2007a ) .
While this kind of response is effective against the simplistic version of the Skolemite argument that we discussed six paragraphs ago , it does very little against the more sophisticated arguments that we 're currently considering — i.e. , arguments which start with an independent criticism of such naive understandings . [ 41 ]
Given this , and given that we 've already discussed this kind of response in some detail in section 2 , we 'll say no more about it here .
Second , several authors have responded to the Skolemite argument by directly criticizing the algebraic conception of set theory and defending more ordinary and intuitive understandings of set - theoretic language ( Myhill 1967 ; Resnik 1969 ; Hart 1970 ; Benacerraf 1985 ) .
There are three issues which we should highlight here .
First , it 's hard to see how the algebraic conception could provide a general account of mathematical language , given that the conception itself seems to presuppose an intuitive background theory in which to formulate and prove our model - theoretic results ( e.g. , the Löwenheim - Skolem theorems ) .
This issue is exacerbated when we focus on the third step in the Skolemite argument , since that step seems to require both an absolute account of the natural numbers and an absolute account of enumeration in order to formulate its conception of “ absolute countability ” ( see Resnik 1969 ; Benacerraf 1985 ; and Shapiro 1991 ; see Thomas 1971 ; Klenk 1976 ; and Bellotti 2006 for some concerns about this line of argument ) .
Note , here , that these initial points seem to tell against using any completely general criticism of mathematical realism to push people towards the algebraic conception of axioms .
On the surface , after all , any sufficiently general criticism of realism would apply to the Skolemite 's own model theory as much as it does to classical set theory .
It 's doubtful , therefore , whether the Skolemite can really appeal to , say , simple worries about “ platonism ” or about our epistemic access to mathematical objects to motivate a full - blown Skolemite position .
In short : the very fact that Skolemite arguments turn on substantial mathematical theorems seems to force the Skolemite into accepting that some parts of mathematics are not subject to Skolemite relativity .
( In addition to the references in the last paragraph , see Bays 2001 ; Bellotti 2005 ; and Bays 2007 b for discussion of this kind of point in the context of Putnam 's model - theoretic argument . )
Of course , this first argument leaves open the possibility that set theory is a special case — that , even though some branches of mathematics , like number theory and analysis , should be understood absolutely , set theory , like group theory and topology , should still be understood algebraically .
Unfortunately , there are a number of obvious differences between the practice of set theory and that of more - clearly algebraic subjects like group theory .
So , for instance , mathematicians tend to treat the axioms of set theory as being less fixed than those of group theory or topology .
In set theory , mathematicians sometimes raise the question as to whether the ZFC axioms are correct — i.e. , they talk as though there is an intuitive notion of set against which the ZFC axioms might be checked and found wanting .
In group theory and topology , by contrast , it simply makes no sense to talk about “ intuitive notions ” which could diverge from the notion specified by the relevant axioms . [ 42 ]
In a similar vein , set theorists sometimes debate whether we should add new axioms to the standard axioms of set theory — e.g. , large cardinal axioms , or axioms like V=L , or even just axioms like Con( ZFC ) .
In contrast , no one would dream of making additions to the axioms of group theory or topology .
In this sense , then , an algebraic approach to set theory is revisionary of set - theoretic practice in a way that an algebraic approach to group theory is not .
Finally , even if we do accept an algebraic conception of set theory — perhaps because we have a larger commitment to some kind of structuralist philosophy of mathematics — it 's unclear why this commitment requires us to limit ourselves to first - order axiomatizations of set theory .
After all , many of the most successful instances of the algebraic approach to axiomatization — e.g. , the 19th - century results that arithmetic and analysis can be given categorical axiomatizations — turn on using a second - order background logic .
And , as we noted in section 2 , second - order versions of ZFC do not give rise to Skolem 's Paradox .
Hence , it 's not enough for Skolemites to defend an algebraic approach to the axiomatization of set theory , they need to show that a first - order algebraic approach is the right way to go .
See Hart 1970 and Shapiro 1991 for developments of this line of argument .
So much , then , for general criticisms of the algebraic conception of axiomatization and its role in the Skolemite argument .
We turn now to a more - focused objection to the third step in that argument .
For the sake of argument , let 's grant that the Skolemite has shown that our set - theoretic notions are relative and that , for every kind of set that we can define with a formula , there is an instance of this kind of set which is only countable .
So , there is a countable instance of the power set of ω , a countable instance of the real numbers , etc . [ 43 ]
Still , it 's unclear why this shows that every set is “ absolutely ” countable .
After all , just as the Löwenheim - Skolem theorem shows that we can find countable instances of all these sets , the Upward - Löwenheim - Skolem theorem shows that we can also find uncountable instances .
Given this , a number of critics have suggested that Skolemites face two explanatory burdens and that , so far , no Skolemite has managed to meet these burdens .
First , the Skolemite needs to explain how we can identify sets across different models — i.e. , why we should consider the various different objects which satisfy “ x is the power set of ω ” in different models of set theory to be “ the same set . ”
Note that some such identification is essential if the Skolemite is going to start with a proof of the countability of one of these objects and then use this proof to argue for the absolute countability of all the others ( Resnik 1966 ) .
Second , the Skolemite needs to explain his preference for countable sets .
Even if the Skolemite can identify countable and uncountable “ instances ” of a given set , he needs to explain why this identification leads to the conclusion that all sets are “ absolutely countable ” rather than to the conclusion that all sets are “ absolutely uncountable ” ( Resnik 1966 ; Benacerraf 1985 ) .
These , then , are the main criticisms of the Skolemite position which have appeared in the literature .
To treat them more thoroughly would , unfortunately , require us to dive pretty deeply into questions concerning , e.g. , the status of our informal understanding of set - theoretic language , the legitimacy of second - order quantification , and the identity conditions associated with mathematical objects in structuralist philosophies of mathematics .
Exploring these issues would take us pretty far away from Skolem 's Paradox itself .
For a recent survey of some of the relevant literature here , see Bellotti 2006 .
Over the last decade , the set theorist Joel Hamkins has been arguing for a conception of set theory which bears a surprising resemblance to the traditional Skolemite position ( though Hamkins ' own motivations seem to come more from set theory itself than from the traditional philosophical literature ) .
Hamkins notes that , as set theorists have developed more and more powerful tools for constructing and comparing different models of set theory — forcing , inner model theory , large cardinal embeddings , etc. — they have become less and less likely to treat any particular model as cannonical .
Instead , set theory has increasing come to focus on comparing different models of set theory , rather than singling out one model as priviledged .
Hamkins argues , therefore , that set theorists should accept what he calls a “ multiverse ” conception of set theory — a conception in which no model of set theory is privileged , and the purpose of set theory is simply to explore the relations between the various models .
This multiverse conception is clearly related to the algebraic conception discussed in sections 3.1 –3.2 .
Further , it satisfies one of the key desiderata that we isolated in section 3.2 .
Hamkins defends the multiverse as an independently plausible conception of set theory , and he argues that the motivation for accepting it comes from within mathematical practice .
( I.e. , Hamkins does not argue that , because forcing extensions are possible , we are stuck with set - theoretic relativity ; rather , he argues that , because forcing extensions are natural , we should embrace set - theoretic relativity . )
In this sense , something like the multiverse could well constitute the “ right ” way of developing the algebraic conception .
Further , the multiverse conception leads naturally to the kinds of conclusions traditional Skolemites tended to favor .
Let a be a set in some model M ( where M lives somewhere in the multiverse ) .
Then M has a forcing extension , M[ G ] , in which a is only countable .
This provides a natural gloss on the Skolemite claim that “ every set is countable from some perspective . ”
Similarly , the Skolemite 's bias in favor of countability ( see section 3.2 ) can be explained by the fact that , if a is countable in one model M , then it stays countable in all extensions of that model .
In contrast , uncountable sets can always be made countable by passing to an appropriate forcing extension .
For more on the multiverse , see Hamkins 2011 and Hamkins 2012 .
For some criticisms , see Koellner 2013 ( under Other Internet Resources ) .
In recent years , the most widely discussed version of Skolem 's Paradox has come come in ( one version of ) Hilary Putnam 's so - called “ model - theoretic argument against realism . ”
Putnam 's general goal in the model - theoretic argument is to show that our language is semantically indeterminate — that there 's no fact of the matter as to what the terms and predicates of our language refer to .
In the case of set theory , therefore , he wants to show that there 's no single set - theoretic universe over which our quantifiers range and no single relation to which the word “ membership ” refers .
In Putnam 's own terms , there is no single “ intended model ” for the language of set theory .
In the first few pages of his 1980 paper , “ Models and Reality , ” Putnam argues that there is at least one intended model for the language of set theory which satisfies the set - theoretic axiom V=L . [ 44 ]
To show this , Putnam begins by assuming that there are only two things which could play a role in fixing the intended model for set - theoretic language .
First , there are what Putnam calls “ theoretical constraints . ”
These include the standard axioms of set theory , as well as principles and theories from other branches of science .
Second , there are “ operational constraints . ”
These are just the various empirical observations and measurements that we make in the course of scientific investigation .
Given these assumptions , Putnam argues that finding an intended model which satisfies V=L simply requires finding a model of ZF+V=L which satisfies the relevant theoretical and operational constraints .
His strategy for finding this model rests on the following theorem :
Theorem : ZF plus V=L has an ω - model which contains any given countable set of real numbers .
Here , the fact that this model satisfies ZFC is supposed to ensure that it satisfies all of the theoretical constraints which come from set theory itself , while the richness of ZFC ensures that the model also has the resources to code up our best scientific theories ( and thereby to satisfy all of the theoretical constraints which come from natural science ) .
Finally , the fact that this model contains an arbitrary set of real numbers ensures that it can code up all of the various observations and measurements which constitute our “ observational constraints . ” [ 45 ]
So , as long as Putnam is right in thinking that the intended models of set theory are fixed solely by the formal structure of our scientific theories — including our explicit set - theoretic axioms — and by the physical measurements that we happen to make , then this theorem will generate an intended model in which V=L comes out true .
This version of the model - theoretic argument has three connections to Skolem 's Paradox .
First , Putnam himself presents the argument as a natural development of the paradox .
At the beginning of his paper , Putnam provides a quick sketch of Skolem 's Paradox , and he then suggests that his analysis of V=L comes from taking Skolem 's arguments and “ extending them in somewhat the direction he [ Skolem ] seemed to be indicating ” ( p 1 ) .
Second , and as evidenced by the passages quoted in footnote 44 , Putnam 's overall conclusions fit well with more - recent Skolemite understandings of Skolem 's Paradox — see , e.g. , his conclusion that V=L has no “ determinate truth value ” ( p 5 ) or that Skolem's “ ‘ relativity of set - theoretic notions ’ extends to a relativity of the truth value of ‘ V=L ’ ” ( p 8 ) .
Finally , and most importantly , the proof of Putnam 's theorem turns crucially on the Löwenheim - Skolem theorems .
( Very roughly , Putnam starts by applying the downward Löwenheim - Skolem theorem to L , so as to prove that his theorem holds in L ; he then employs Shoenfield absoluteness to reflect the theorem back up to V. ) [ 46 ]
Putnam 's argument has received a number of kinds of criticism in the literature .
On the technical front , Bays has argued that Putnam 's use of the downward Löwenheim - Skolem theorem is illegitimate , since standard systems of set theory do not allow us to apply this theorem to a proper class like L. Indeed , even if we leave the details of Putnam 's proofs aside , Gödelean considerations show that Putnam 's theorem cannot be proved in ZFC at all ( since the theorem entails ZFC 's consistency ) .
Of course , if Putnam is willing to use a stronger background theory to prove his theorem — e.g. , ZFC + “ there exists an inaccessible cardinal ” — then he can evade these kinds of criticisms .
But in this case , it 's unclear why the model which results from Putnam 's theorem should still be thought to satisfy our theoretical constraints .
After all , anyone who accepts the new axioms used in Putnam 's revised proof will have theoretical constraints which go somewhat beyond ZFC + V=L — e.g. , their theoretical constraints might well include the axiom “ there exists an inaccessible cardinal . ”
See Bays 2001 for Bays ' original formulation of this objection ; see Velleman 1998 and Gaifman 2004 for some alternate formulations ; see Bellotti 2005 and Bays 2007 b for critical discussion ; and see chapter 3 ( esp. § 3.3.3 ) of Hafner 2005 for discussion of a similar point concerning Putnam 's use of transitivity .
Button ( 2011 ) has argued that , although this kind of technical criticism has teeth against the version of Putnam 's argument which explicitly invokes the downward Löwenheim - Skolem theorem , there are alternate formulations of Putnam 's argument which can evade the criticism .
In particular , Button notes that even very weak theories can prove theorems like : “ if ZFC is consistent , then ZFC has a countable model . ”
Since any proponent of ZFC must accept that ZFC is consistent , these weak theories are enough to get several variants of Putnam 's argument off the ground .
See Button 2011 for development of this point .
See Bellotti 2005 and Bays 2007a for discussion of a somewhat similar point .
Staying in the technical vein , several authors have noted a tension in the way Putnam 's argument deals with the notion of finitude .
On the one hand , Putnam needs to use this notion in order to characterize his model as an ω - model and ( even ) to make sense of the formal definitions of a first - order language and of the first - order satisfaction relation . [ 47 ]
On the other hand , Putnam can't allow opponents of his argument to use this notion to specify what they think makes a model intended .
If his opponents could use this notion , then they could define the notion of a model 's being “ well - founded , ” and that would be enough to rule out the models generated by Putnam 's theorem .
In this sense , then , Putnam 's argument seems to turn on an unmotivated asymmetry between the kinds of technical machinery that he himself uses and the kinds of machinery that he makes available to his critics .
See Bays 2001 and Bellotti 2005 for developments of this point ; see § 3.4 of Hafner 2005 for some critical reflections .
On the more - purely philosophical side , many authors have criticized Putnam 's assumption that simply satisfying a first - order formalization of our theoretical constraints is enough to make a model “ intended . ”
So , for instance , Hacking has argued that we should really be committed to a second - order formulation of set theory and that Putnam 's key theorem does n't apply to such formulations ( Hacking 1983 ) .
Others have argued that the intended model for set theory needs to be transitive and that , once again , there 's no reason to believe that the model produced by Putnam 's theorem is transitive ( Bays 2001 ) .
Finally , and as mentioned in the last paragraph , several authors have suggested that an intended model for set theory should at least be well - founded , but there 's no reason to think that Putnam 's own model is well - founded ( Bellotti 2005 ) .
Putnam 's response to this kind of objection is interesting .
Very roughly , Putnam suggests that any conditions on intended models which other philosophers might propose — e.g. , those mentioned in the last paragraph — should themselves be formalized in first - order terms and treated as new theoretical constraints .
When these new constraints are fed back through Putnam 's argument , he will once again be able to generate a model which “ satisfies ” these constraints .
So , by simply adopting a particularly flexible reading of the phrase “ theoretical constraints , ” Putnam ensures that almost any conditions on intended models can simply be folded back into his original argument ( Putnam 1980 ; Putnam 1983 , vii–xii ) . [ 48 ]
This argument — which is usually called the “ just more theory ” argument — has received a huge amount of attention in the literature .
The most common response to the argument involves drawing a distinction between describing the features of a model which make that model intended and simply adding new sentences for that model to satisfy .
Put otherwise , it involves distinguishing between changing the semantics under which our axioms get interpreted — e.g. , by restricting the class of structures which count as models for our language and / or strengthening the notion of satisfaction which ties sentences to models — and simply adding new axioms to be interpreted using the same old semantics .
The response then goes on to argue that proposals like those discussed two paragraphs ago — e.g. , that intended models should be transitive or well - founded or satisfy second - order ZFC — should be understood as falling on the description side of this distinction rather than on the “ adding sentences ” side ( although the latter is where Putnam 's just more theory argument resolutely insists on putting them ) .
In turn , Putnam has argued that this kind of response begs the question against his overall argument .
Putnam 's argument , after all , concerns the question of whether our mathematical language has any determinate significance , and the response we 're considering seems to simply assume that it has such significance when the response uses phrases like “ transitive , ” “ well - founded , ” or “ complete power set of M ” to describe its notion of “ intended model . ”
In short : as long as the determinacy of mathematical language is still at issue , it would beg the question to make free use of this language in describing the intended model of set theory .
Or so , at any rate , Putnam tries to argue .
As indicated above , this aspect of Putnam 's argument has generated a huge literature .
See Devitt 1984 , chapter 11 ; Lewis 1984 ; Taylor 1991 ; Van Cleve 1992 ; Hale and Wright 1997 ; Chambers 2000 ; Bays 2001 ; and Bays 2008 for some representative criticisms of Putnam 's argument .
See Putnam 1983 , vii–xii and Putnam 1989 for Putnam 's response .
See Anderson 1993 ; Douven 1999 ; Haukioja 2001 ; and Kroon 2001 for some recent defenses of this aspect of Putnam 's argument .
We close this entry with a brief recap of two of the main points that we 've tried to emphasize .
First , from a purely mathematical standpoint , there 's no conflict between Cantor 's Theorem and the Löwenheim - Skolem Theorems .
There 's a technical solution to Skolem 's Paradox which explains why the Löwenheim - Skolem Theorems pose no problems for either naive forms of set - theoretic realism or various forms of axiomatized set theory .
Hence , there 's no chance of using the Löwenheim - Skolem theorems by themselves to generate substantial Skolemite conclusions .
Of course , there are still some interesting technical issues which live in the neighborhood of Skolem 's Paradox .
For example , we can look at how the paradox plays out in the context of particular first - order models ; we can examine the degree to which various kinds of non-first - order logic are susceptible to the paradox ; and we can try to isolate the precise features of first - order logic which allow the paradox to apply to it .
Each of these topics is clearly related to Skolem 's Paradox , and each raises questions about the relationship between model theory and set theory which are well worth exploring .
But , considered simply in and of itself , Skolem 's Paradox poses no threats to classical set theory .
Second , if we come to Skolem 's Paradox with antecedent doubts about classical set theory — e.g. , the kinds of doubts which lie behind some of the more sophisticated reconstructions of Skolem 's original argument , the kinds of doubts which lie behind the more plausible versions of step 1 in the Skolemite argument , or the kinds of doubts about semantic determinacy which lie behind Putnam 's model - theoretic argument — then we may well be able to parley Skolem 's Paradox into some kind of interesting philosophical conclusion .
Of course there will still be challenges here : we need to account for the status of the background theories in which we prove the Löwenheim - Skolem theorems , we need to explain the special significance of first - order axiomatizations of set theory , and we may need to explain how we can identify elements across various models of set theory .
In principle , however , these kinds of sophisticated uses of Skolem 's Paradox are not precluded by the technical solution to the paradox that was mentioned in the last paragraph .
Nor should this fact be all that surprising : if we put enough philosophy into our analysis of Skolem 's Paradox , then we should expect to get at least a little philosophy out .
So why is Riga persisting with peg crucifixion ?
The central bank has burned a tenth of its reserves in a fortnight .
Overnight rates have topped 200 pc .
Why go on ?
No doubt devaluation would be a shock for middle class Latvians with euro and Swiss franc mortgages , but they face punishment either way – slowly by debt deflation , fast by devaluation .
Swedish banks with $ 75bn of exposure to the Baltics have already thrown in the towel , accepting that it might be better for all to lance the boil .
Blears vows to ' get on with job '
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Communities Secretary Hazel Blears has insisted she is " getting on with the job " amid speculation over her future .
The prime minister has said Ms Blears was guilty of " totally unacceptable behaviour " over her expenses claims despite them being within the rules .
Amid speculation this signalled she was in line for the chop , Gordon Brown 's official spokesman told reporters : " She 's doing a good job . "
Ms Blears , speaking in Salford , said the PM had " full confidence in me " .
Ms Blears ' expenses were among the first to be highlighted in the Daily Telegraph 's report .
Ms Blears subsequently admitted not paying capital gains tax on the profit from selling a flat repaired with taxpayers ' money and has agreed to repay £ 13,332 .
Angry and appalled The Salford MP also changed the property she designated as her " second home " with the Commons fees office twice in one year .
She has insisted that the arrangements were approved by the fees office and were within the rules as they stood .
But speaking in her constituency , she admitted : " I also recognise that acting within the rules does not cut it with the public and that is why I paid the money .
I am the only party leader in these last few weeks to have actually suspended and asked people to step down .
If it became necessary to do so for other people , I will not resile from doing so
Gordon Brown
" People obviously are angry , not just here in Salford , they are angry across the country . "
Ms Blears insisted that voters in Salford " know the person I am " .
But as she addressed reporters , one of her constituents , Brian Roberts , heckled that she was a " cheat " and a " swindler " .
Mr Brown was asked about her future at a press conference on Tuesday and told reporters : " Hazel Blears has paid the money back .
She has done so on the advice of me and others .
" But she has not broken the law , she has not broken the rules of the House of Commons .
" It is unacceptable behaviour and she has accepted it as unacceptable behaviour . "
Dry rot claim
And then in a GMTV interview on Wednesday , in which he said he was " angry " and " appalled " about some of the expenses revelations , he was questioned again on her future .
He said : " I am the only party leader in these last few weeks to have actually suspended and asked people to step down .
" If it became necessary to do so for other people , I will not resile from doing so .
We will take all the action that is necessary . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Pushed further on whether she would keep her job , Mr Brown made reference to a review of all MPs ' claims made over the past four years .
He said : " At the moment Hazel Blears has made her apologies , she has returned her money , she is the minister for communities .
" We have a further investigation .
If it proves anything then we will have to take action . "
At the press conference on Tuesday Mr Brown also cast serious doubt on the future of government whip Margaret Moran as an MP , describing her expenses claims as " completely unacceptable " .
The Luton South MP is already under investigation after spending £ 22,000 to pay for dry rot treatment at her partner 's home in Southampton .
She has agreed to repay the money and has been backed by her local party .
But Mr Brown said any Labour MP found to have " defied the rules " will not be allowed to stand at the next election .
Mr Brown said an internal party investigation was under way into the Luton South MP , adding : " The behaviour - no , it 's completely unacceptable .
" The question will be debated by us as a party .
The behaviour we are talking about is completely unacceptable .
There 's got to be a process of examining the evidence and coming to a conclusion . "
The TV presenter Esther Rantzen is threatening to stand against Mrs Moran at the next general election as an anti-sleaze candidate .
On Tuesday Mr Brown said he was committed to a " complete clean - up of the system " .
He added : " No minister will be in the cabinet or in the government in future if it is proven that they defied the rules . "
In a joint statement , Cath Speight , chair of Labour 's ruling National Executive Committee and Ray Collins , the party 's general secretary , said the NEC fully supported the prime minister .
An NEC panel would be set up to interview MPs who were the subject of allegations , they said .
This will have the power to recommend to the NEC that MPs should not stand for the Commons under the Labour banner .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Developer Doug Price has dropped his plans to renovate the former Ameritrust complex , leaving Cuyahoga County without a buyer for the collection of empty buildings at East Ninth Street and Euclid Avenue in downtown Cleveland .
After more than a year of planning , wooing tenants and struggling to find financing , Price sent county officials a letter Tuesday telling them he was done with the Ameritrust deal after losing a potential major tenant .
Now the county , which bought the property for new offices and has spent about $ 40 million on it , will be left holding a vacant office complex with few prospects to sell in a battered real estate market .
The county 's involvement with the complex also is clouded by a wide - ranging federal corruption probe .
Investigators want to know what role County Commissioner Jimmy Dimora played in the county 's abandoned plans to turn the property into a county administration complex .
Separately , prosecutors have alleged that Price 's company , the K&D Group , was involved with bribes paid to move the county engineer 's office to its Stonebridge development in the Flats .
Between buying the property , cleaning out asbestos and other expenses , the county says it has spent $ 40 million .
It costs the county $ 10,000 a month to maintain and secure the empty complex .
Price 's defunct deal will leave the county with $ 530,000 , money the developer put down as part of his bid .
Taxpayers ' investment in the property also is offset by the county 's revenues from the complex 's parking garage -- $ 4.1 million in receipts so far -- and a state grant of up to $ 3 million .
K&D bid on the property in April 2008 .
The recession and a crackdown on credit for commercial real estate delayed the sale , as banks and other lenders backed away from development .
In October , the county granted Price a six - month extension to close the deal .
That extension was set to expire June 30 .
At the time of the proposed sale , county commissioners said they were willing to accept a multimillion - dollar loss on the deal because private redevelopment of the complex would help revitalize downtown .
Price planned to convert the former Ameritrust Tower into a hotel and apartments .
The other buildings would have housed offices and parking .
County Commissioner Peter Lawson Jones said there is no way to reconsider plans to turn the complex into a new county administration complex -- commissioners ' strategy when they paid $ 22 million for the property in 2005 .
" We do n't have the money to do that , " he said .
Instead , the county is likely to put the complex back up for sale , listing it as one block or splitting it into parcels this year or in 2010 .
Commissioner Tim Hagan said he does n't regret approving the county 's purchase of the property .
" We bought a building ; we thought it was going to work ; the economy collapsed ; and there you have it , " he said .
" Anybody can second - guess anybody in this economy . "
Price had lined up a boutique hotel and architecture firm Westlake Reed Leskosky to move into the complex , but he had struggled to find financing .
He tweaked his plans , dropping designs for a new office building .
He lobbied union pension funds to put money into the project .
And , recently , he secured a letter of intent from Rosetta , an interactive marketing agency that employs about 400 people in Beachwood .
Less than two weeks ago , Price was prepared to ask commissioners for an extension on the deal .
But then Rosetta backed off , Price said , because of a dispute over land beneath one of the buildings in the complex .
The county has been leasing the small piece of property , which is owned by developer Lou Frangos .
Frangos claims the county 's long - term lease has expired -- and that it needs to be renegotiated , at a higher price .
The dispute is the subject of a lawsuit working its way through Cuyahoga County Common Pleas Court .
Price said the lawsuit and conversations with Frangos led Rosetta to believe Price could not quickly provide them with office space in the complex .
" Without a major tenant , no lender will consider taking the risk of financing our project , even if we could acquire the real estate in pieces less than the whole , " Price wrote in his letter to the county .
" We are frustrated and disappointed .
We have invested hundreds of thousands of dollars in this effort , only to find that performance will be impossible so long as the ground lease issue remains unresolved . "
Terry Coyne , a real estate broker representing Rosetta , said he could not comment about the Ameritrust situation .
" We remain interested in downtown , " he said .
Frangos , a major downtown property owner who initially joined Price 's bid on the complex , said Price faced many other issues buying and renovating the property .
" I 'm sure that my piece did n't have much to do with it , " Frangos said Tuesday .
" But if it did , what can I tell you ? "
Hagan said Frangos is just trying to squeeze as much money as possible out of the county .
" This is what he thinks unbridled capitalism is , " Hagan said .
SEOUL ( Reuters ) - South Korea and the United States raised the military alert level for the peninsula on Thursday after the communist North warned the truce ending the Korean War was dead and it was ready to attack .
North Korea ramped up tensions this week with a series of provocations rarely seen since the 1950 - 53 Korean War , including war threats , missile launches and a nuclear test that puts it closer to having an atomic bomb .
The joint command for the 28,500 U.S. troops that support South Korea ’s 670,000 soldiers has raised its alert a notch to signify a serious threat from North Korea , the South ’s Joint Chiefs of Staff said .
It is the highest threat level since the North ’s only other nuclear test in October 2006 .
North Korea looks certain to face fresh sanctions for defying a U.N. resolution by exploding a nuclear device for a second time , Western diplomat said , and a vote in the 15 - nation Security Council could come as early as next week .
North Korea could be set for further provocations that include additional short - range missile tests off its west coast , the South ’s Yonhap news agency on Wednesday night quoted an unnamed government source as saying .
Analysts said the North ’s saber - rattling might be partly aimed at firming leader Kim Jong - il ’s grip on power and helping him draw up succession plans in Asia ’s only communist dynasty after a suspected stroke in August raised questions over his rule .
Weapons experts point out that while North Korea is pushing hard to develop a nuclear arsenal , it does not have an effective way to attack with an atomic warhead or bomb .
Security Council powers have agreed in principle that North Korea must face expanded sanctions , Western diplomats said on Wednesday .
Russia confirmed it supported a new resolution , although it said it was too early to discuss penalties .
Possible steps include a ban on importing and exporting all arms and not just heavy weapons , asset freezes and travel bans for North Korean officials , and placing more firms on a U.N. blacklist .
The measures would expand on sanctions approved by the council after Pyongyang ’s 2006 nuclear test , penalties that have been widely ignored and left unenforced .
Washington is deeply concerned about North Korea spreading its nuclear technology abroad and the diplomats said cargo inspections were also possible .
China , fearing instability in its neighbor , is reluctant to endorse this approach .
U.S. officials have urged China to pressure North Korea to step back from nuclear brinkmanship and return to stalled disarmament talks .
But many Chinese analysts say Washington overstates Beijing ’s sway over Pyongyang , as well as their government ’s willingness to use that influence .
Slideshow ( 22 images )
“ Undoubtedly , China also wants a swift and united response , but it probably wo n’t give the United States all it wants .
China has its own worries , ” said Shi Yinhong , an expert on regional security at Renmin University in Beijing .
MILITARY ON ALERT
North Korea , which has only become poorer since Kim took over in 1994 , has been punished for years by sanctions and is so destitute it relies on aid to feed its 23 million people , but that has not deterred it from provocations .
Slideshow ( 22 images )
The U.S. Air Force will deploy 12 advanced F - 22 Raptor fighters in the coming days to a base in Okinawa , Japan .
The move had been planned in advance and was not related to recent rumblings from Pyongyang , a U.S. Forces Japan spokesman said .
The South ’s largest newspaper Chosun Ilbo quoted defense sources as saying the South has been preparing for contingencies such as artillery or missile strikes near a contested sea border off the west coast of the peninsula .
A spokesman for the North ’s military on Wednesday said the country could not guarantee the safety of the South ’s vessels in those Yellow Sea waters that have been the site of deadly naval skirmishes between the states in 1999 and 2002 .
The spokesman also said South Korea ’s decision to join a U.S. - led anti-proliferation initiative this week was a declaration of war making the armistice that ended the 1950 - 53 Korean War invalid .
Its military would also attack if the South inspects its ships .
Seoul ’s financial markets , which had fallen in the wake of the nuclear test , rose on Thursday although traders said investors were still nervous about what further steps the North might take to raise tension in the economically powerful region .
North Korea kept up its steady string of strident rhetoric , saying in its official media that “ a minor accidental clash could lead to nuclear war . ”
“ As circumstances show , provocations of war on the part of the U.S. and South Korea have gone well beyond the risky level .
It ’s a matter of time when a fuse for war is triggered , ” the North KCNA news agency reported a commentary in a state newspaper as saying .
Last night I discovered an incredibly dumb — and what I consider to be dangerous — setting enabled by default in my unibody MacBook Pro .
In the Bluetooth preferences , it 's the box checkmarked " Allow Bluetooth devices to wake this computer . "
Sounds innocent enough , but it could 've killed my computer .
Here 's what happened : I was in a rush to leave the office to meet a colleague for coffee , so I closed my MacBook Pro and threw my Bluetooth mouse into my laptop bag .
After my coffee meeting , I ended up at a bar and took my notebook out to quickly check my e-mail .
It was scalding hot all over , and when I opened the lid I was greeted with the gray screen of death .
And I realized my notebook , though closed , was still on for hours — the heat insulated by my bag .
After checking the Apple support forums I found a thread where a user reported the exact same problem , and it turned out it was because his Bluetooth mouse was left on in his bag , too ; he remedied the issue by unchecking the default Bluetooth setting .
I was relieved that the solution was so simple , but I was still pretty concerned that this was a default setting in the first place .
Imagine if I had n't checked my notebook for a few more hours .
That could 've caused a serious burn injury , or at worst , a fire .
True , it was my own negligence to not turn off my Bluetooth mouse before throwing it in my bag , but I think it 's reasonable to assume many people have done the same thing .
( Heck , I often do n't turn off my Bluetooth mouse when it's on my desk at home , as it shuts down when it 's inactive .
Clearly it 's not the same when your mouse is in your bag and you 're keeping it on by walking around . )
Also , I say it 's unintelligent that this feature is turned on by default because for notebooks , it 's useless .
Usually when we sleep our notebooks , we close the lid .
On a MacBook , opening the lid wakes it back up automatically .
There 's no need to use the Bluetooth mouse to wake up the notebook .
This setting should certainly not be turned on by default .
MacBook users ?
If you own a Bluetooth mouse , disable this setting now .
Have you seen any other strange settings turned on by default that I should disable ?
Feel free to point them out in the comments below .
Photo : WzaHk / Flickr
If there ’s one tool I have completely fell in love with it ’s Dependency Walker ( DW ) .
DW is a tool that let ’s you see what a file , in many cases DLLs , depends on in order to get them to run or register .
Case in point , just yesterday I was trying to get Office 2003 SP 3 installed on our intern ’s computer .
No matter what I did , I was getting the dreaded 1904 : Cannot Register MSRCLR40.dll error and it was driving me insane .
Now according to Microsoft and other sourcesI found on the net , this is a problem with not having the latest MDAC installed for XP ( 2.81 sp1 ) , however I checked ( by following Microsoft ’s instructions ) and I did have the latest MDAC installed .
In any case , I reinstalled the latest MDAC , rebooted , tried the installation again and got the same thing .
Dammit !
At this point , I knew that I could be downloading and installing different things all day , so I opted to run a repair on Microsoft Office and see what that did .
Would n’t you know , I got the 1904 error during the repair , go fig .
Now I ’m screwed .
I ran out of options the net handed me , so that ’s when I decided to download DW and give this magical life saver a run .
As I mentioned above , DW is a stand alone tool that let ’s you select a file and shows you which other files ( or modules ) the file needs in order to run or , in our case , register .
It ’s extremely easy to use and understand .
The first thing you need to do is download and unzip the latest version of DW .
As of this writing it ’s 2.2 .
After you have it unzipped , open up the folder and double click the depends .
exe file .
Once DW loads up , all you need to do is click File ->
Open and select the file that you DW to inspect ( for this example I selected MSRCLR40.dll that was in c:\windows\system32 on my machine ) .
Is that cool or what ?
As you can see from the screen shot above , DW will show you all of the files that MSRCLR40.dll needs in order to work .
Now if there are any files that are missing from your machine , they will show up in RED at the very top of the list ( I have everything this file needs , so I do n’t have any errors ) .
Once you have your list of files that you need , all you need to do is to either download the files from the internet or copy them from another machine and copy them to the appropriate place .
Then just hit View -> Refresh ( or F5 ) and see if everything is OK .
Do n’t worry about any delay - load dependency module errors you might get since these module are n’t loaded until you actually try to run or register the file .
In the case of my intern ’s computer , DW told me that the machine did n’t have MSJET40.dll , MSJINT40.dll and MSJTER40.dll .
I managed to copy these from my work machine , however you can download them from Microsoft .
After that I went to a command prompt and ran :
regsvr32 c:\windows\system32\msrclr40.dll
The file registered successfully and I finally got Office 2003 SP 3 installed !
Using a tool like DW from the get go can save you hours of searching the internet and trying different solutions until you find the magical one that fixes your problem .
I find that in the world of tech support this tool is invaluble and hopefully you will too .
Nehru , independent India 's first prime minister , led the Congress to victory in the 1951 , 1957 and 1962 Lok Sabha elections .
Nehru died in office in May 1964 and Lal Bahadur Shastri became the prime minister .
He too died in office in January 1966 after signing the Tashkent Accord on restoring sub-continental peace after the 1965 India - Pakistan war .
Nehru 's daughter Indira Gandhi , who was then the information and broadcasting minister , became the prime minister and led the Congress to victory in the 1967 elections , albeit with reduced numbers .
Gandhi called elections a year early in 1971 and won a decisive mandate .
Four years later , fighting off an opposition onslaught for her resignation after an adverse court verdict holding her guilty of electoral malpractices , she declared an emergency in 1975 , due to which the elections which were due in 1976 , were not held .
Indira Gandhi lifted the emergency in 1977 and called general elections that saw a conglomeration of disparate parties under the Janata Party umbrella being swept to power .
That experiment lasted a little over two years and Indira Gandhi led the Congress to victory in the 1980 elections .
Indira Gandhi was assassinated in October 1984 and her son Rajiv Gandhi became the prime minister .
He called early elections the same year that saw the Congress being returned with a thumping majority .
The Congress , however , lost power in the 1989 elections largely due to the taint of the Bofors arms purchase scandal .
V.P. Singh became the prime minister of a Janata Dal government that had outside support from the Left and the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) .
However , the tensions generated over the ' Rath Yatra ' undertaken by BJP leader L.K. Advani saw the party pulling out its support , which led to the collapse of the government .
The Congress then propped up a dispensation headed by Chandra Shekhar but pulled out after a little over 100 days , accusing the government of spying on Rajiv Gandhi .
Elections were called early in 1991 , Rajiv Gandhi was assassinated while on the campaign trail and the Congress rode to power on a huge sympathy wave .
P.V. Narasimha Rao became the prime minister and served a full term but the corruption taint again saw the Congress losing power in the 1996 elections .
The BJP emerged as the single largest party and Atal Bihari Vajpayee became the prime minister , but the government lasted only 13 days as it could not cobble together the required numbers in the Lok Sabha .
A United Front coalition then assumed office , first with H.D. Deve Gowda and then I.K. Gujral as the prime minister .
Not unexpectedly , the coalition experiment lasted just two years and elections were called in 1998 .
Atal Bihari Vajpayee returned as prime minister to head a BJP - led coalition that collapsed a year later .
The BJP , however , retained power in the 1999 elections .
Riding what it believed was a popularity wave prompted by its " India Shining " campaign , the BJP called elections a few months early in 2004 but faced the mortification of being voted out .
Manmohan
Singh then became the prime minister for the first time - and returned to power Saturday .
High school seniors Terrence Stephens and Jason Ankrah , star football players at Quince Orchard High School in Gaithersburg , Md. , were sitting on a plane returning from a recruitment session at the University of Nebraska when they struck up a conversation with the man sitting next to them .
Their seat - mate just happened to be a major Cornhuskers fan .
When they started chatting , Stephens and Ankrah did n't have a clue they were holding court with Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas .
" I was amazed this guy knew so much about us as football players and as people , " said Stephens .
" That was shocking .
I felt honored to be known by someone of his caliber .
He was just a regular old guy , sitting in coach , which really shocked me . "
By the time the plane landed , the students had figured out who Thomas was , and they promptly told their principal they wanted to invite Thomas to give the keynote speech at their high school graduation .
Of course , Principal Carole Working did n't exactly think Thomas would take them up on it .
But he showed up at the high school on Monday .
" These young men had no idea who I was as I formed my first impression .
I was just another stranger to them .
They were wonderful ambassadors for your school and for their fellow students , " said Thomas at the Quince Orchard graduation ceremony .
When Stephens and Ankrah arrived on - stage to receive their diplomas , they were both embraced by Justice Thomas .
Ankrah will be playing football for Nebraska next year , but Stephens will be attending Stanford .
The justice said he does n't have any hard feelings over that .
Photo © Kouichi Torimura
** click on each image for larger picture
Photos © Kouichi Torimura
drawing © A.L.X. ( ARCHITECT LABEL Xain )
Who : Junichi Sampei / A.L.X. ( ARCHITECT LABEL Xain )
What : Single - family residence ( 2 adults and a child ) w/ dance studio
Where : Yokohama , Kanagawa
When : May 2008
How :
Three - story reinforced concrete construction
Site Area : 1,093 square feet
Construction Area : 634 square feet
Total Floor Area : 1,224 square feet / 1st Fl – 185 sf. , 2nd Fl – 609 sf. , 3rd Fl – 430 sf .
Continue to :
Part II – The name sake space ( 2nd floor ) »
Part III – 3rd floor »
Giant rubber sea snakes could harness the plentiful clean power off Britain 's coasts within five years , according to the inventors of a new type of wave - energy generator .
Yesterday , Checkmate Sea Energy unveiled the final stages of a proof - of - concept trial of its Anaconda device , seen by many experts as at the forefront of the next generation of robust , cheap wave - power machines that could slash the costs of making renewable electricity .
Made from a composite of fabric and natural rubber , the Anaconda rides oncoming waves and uses the motion to drive a turbine in its tail .
The test device is nine metres long but its developers say that a full - scale device could be up to 200 m in length and be capable of producing 1MW of power , enough for a thousand homes , and cost £ 2 m to build .
Farms of 50 or more could be placed underwater a few miles from the coast .
Harnessing wave power could contribute significantly to the UK 's target of sourcing 15 % of its energy from renewable sources by 2020 .
The Carbon Trust found that wave and tidal stream technologies could add 10 - 20 GW of electricity capacity to the UK by 2050 , in particular from areas such as north - west Scotland and south - west England .
" It 's a completely new kind of wave power machine , " said Rod Rainey , a chief engineer with engineering design consultants Atkins and inventor of the Anaconda .
" The beauty of wave energy is its consistency .
However , the problem holding back wave energy machines is they tend to deteriorate over time in the harsh marine environment .
Anaconda is non-mechanical : it is mainly rubber , a natural material with a natural resilience and so it has very few moving parts to maintain . "
Each Anaconda device is tethered to the sea floor and positioned head - on into the coming waves .
Floating under the sea surface , the water - filled rubber tube swims with the waves – as a swell hits the front of the device , it creates a bulge that travels to the back of the tube , in the same way a pulse of blood travels along an artery .
When the bulge wave reaches the Anaconda 's tail , the energy is used to drive a turbine and create electricity .
" Wave power has always been the poor relation of wind energy , but a lot of people are resentful of wind turbines on their doorstep , or in vast tracts of coastal waters , " said Paul Auston , chairman of Checkmate .
" What we 're offering [… ] is a new technology which you can't see , it 's under the water so it 's not as intrusive and it's made of a natural material . "
The device has already been given a significant vote of confidence by the Carbon Trust .
The Anaconda has been chosen as one of only two technologies to take part in the Trust 's marine accelerator programme , which aims to push new low - carbon technology ideas closer commercial reality .
" We were attracted to it because of its simplicity – in theory it 's just a rubber structure , " said the Carbon Trust 's Stephen Wyatt .
" It has the potential to be robust and quite easy and cheap to manufacture .
When you look at some of the severe offshore conditions that wave and tidal devices have to face , then we realise that a structure this simple could be quite cheap . "
Their analysis of the technology concluded that , because of this simplicity , Anaconda could create a " step - change " in how soon wave devices became commercial .
Their research showed that , while wave energy in general costs around 25 p per KWh to make , the anaconda had the potential to bring prices down to around 9 p per KWh .
Mains electricity today form fossil fuels costs around 6 p per KWh .
Marine energy devices that are nearing commercial reality today include the SeaGen and Pelamis , a tidal and wave generator respectively .
Both went into trials in the sea last year , SeaGen in Strangfod Lough and Pelamis off the coast of Portugal .
Like Anaconda , Pelamis also uses a snake - like motion to capture wave energy by flexing its articulated metal sections on the sea surface .
Both devices have had technical problems however , mainly due to the harsh conditions at sea .
The Anaconda 's designers stress that its key advantage is its survivability .
" If the worst comes to the worst it 'll only be washed up on the beach , and you can patch it up and put it back out there , " said Rainey .
The proof - of - concept trials have been carried out for the past few weeks in a wave tank at defence company QinetiQ in Gosport , Hampshire .
When these are complete , Checkmate hopes to build a quarter - size version of Anaconda for possible sea trials .
If all goes well , the Checkmate thinks the first devices in commercial production could be floating in the seas off Britain as early as 2014 .
Is the only reason you need your ex back because you feel the painfulness and you wish it to disappear ?
In this case you should think about it getting back together after a breakup slow thoroughly and reflect on all the new found possibilities that are available to you if you determine to let go …
Every week Bob Westal whips up a new drink recipe , from the classics we all love to new recipes to try out when you 're out or at home .
A chat with Bill Pullman , Bill Pullman interview , Surveillance , Independence Day
Movies Home / Entertainment Channel / Bullz - Eye Home
There ’s a tendency to think of Bill Pullman as the nice guy , the everyman , the sort of fellow who ’s as nice a guy in person as he is in the movies .
Based on the conversation Bullz - Eye had with him recently , it appears that this is indeed true …well , at least , if you pick the right movies .
For instance , you definitely would n’t want him to be as nice as Sam Hallaway , the guy Pullman plays in director Jennifer Lynch ’s new film , “ Surveillance , " which opens in theaters on June 26th as well as on Video On Demand .
The guy is the antithesis of “ nice . ”
But , man , Pullman turns up a heck of a performance .
We spoke with him about his role in the film , how he enjoyed working with his young co-star , Ryan Simpkins , and if he got a “ like father , like daughter ” vibe when working with David Lynch ’s daughter .
Bullz - Eye : Hey Bill , how ’s it going ?
Bill Pullman : Pretty good .
BE : Pleasure to talk to you .
BP : Thank you , Will .
BE : Well , there ’s a certain amount of irony that my previous interview was with the latest victim from “ Harper ’s Island . ”
BP : ( Laughs ) Oh , my gosh .
And you knew that I did that version .
BE : Yeah , I do n’t even know how many people outside of TV critics know that you played Uncle Marty in the original pitch reel for “ Harper ’s Island . ”
At the TCA panel for the show , Jon Turteltaub referred to your appearance as “ a ‘ While You Were Sleeping ’ favor . ”
BP : Oh , that ’s true .
Well , he is a great guy to work with , and I had a good time .
BE : So what ’s the back story on that ?
I guess he just called you up and asked if you would mind stepping into that role for the pitch … ?
On the similarities between David and Jennifer Lynch : " They ’ve definitely been woven from similar cloth .
They both have characters smoking cigarettes joyfully or concentratedly or passionately .
In ' Lost Highway , ' I remember how crazy David was just with joy at being able to get the soundtrack of the paper burning on a cigarette . "
BP : Well , yeah .
I do n’t know whether he had somebody else or what it was , but it was kind of at the last minute .
Or maybe it ’s because that ’s the way those things happen .
Maybe the money only came together at the last minute , TV being what it is .
But he knew he wanted to get somebody , and he said , “ Listen , there is no obligation to do anything with the series afterwards , but I just need something for now .
If you do it , fine , if you do n’t do it , fine , too . ”
But I loved the chance to go up there , and , you know , it was kind of a whacked character .
I had a good time , and the actors who were there were good .
I really liked Elaine Cassidy .
BE : So on to “ Surveillance . ”
You ’ve worked with both David and Jennifer Lynch .
I would n’t ask you to lay out the differences , but was there a “ like father , like daughter ” vibe for you at any point ?
BP : Well , yeah , they ’ve definitely been woven from similar cloth .
My favorite are the smallest levels of just the way that they both love smoking cigarettes .
You know , how they have characters smoking cigarettes joyfully or concentratedly or passionately .
In “ Lost Highway , ” I remember how crazy David was just with joy at being able to get the soundtrack of the paper burning on a cigarette .
And him loving it .
( Starts into an eerily accurate David Lynch impression ) “ You ’re smoking now , Bill , and it ’s really tasting good . ”
Then they have another cigarette moment in “ Surveillance , ” where the character is so glad to be able to light up .
It ’s kind of not very P.C. ( Laughs )
BE : Well , I saw the film a couple of weeks ago , and about three quarters of the way through the film…um , I describe your performance as taking a turn into what can only be described as batshit crazy .
Is that what you were going for ?
BP : ( Laughs )
Well , it ’s hard to just do that , generally .
I think I had been able to keep in check , thanks to the vigilance of my girlfriend , Julia .
It ’s great to have a partner in those things , where you are appreciated for who you are .
BE : When you were working with her , was that kind of how you approached it ?
That you just tried to play the character as in - check as possible whenever she was around ?
BP : Well yeah , she knew that I had a wild streak , which she probably loved but knew had to be …you know , my enthusiasm for being there and everything probably needed to appear less so .
She was very good at that .
She had a less transparent demeanor and encouraged me to do the same .
BE : How was it working with Ryan Simpkins ?
She seemed to really have – as a child should have – the innocence down , but she managed to see both horrified and fascinated by what was going on .
BP : Yeah , I think Jennifer has kind of an unusual instinct as a director , not to over amp kid actors in those situations .
The cliché , I guess , or the normal , easiest road is that you see something horrible and your face responds , and it ’s , “ Let ’s get that on camera . ”
And Jennifer knows that human nature is n’t often that way .
Sometimes we ’re so stunned that there is like a non-response that ’s horrifying to watch as an audience .
You know , that kind of failure to compute is even more amazing .
And then with Ryan , it ’s a failure to judge , to just see the world as the way it is .
In a way , I think that ’s the ultimate surveillance that Jennifer Lynch is trying to pick up on .
BE : I talked to Jennifer a couple of weeks ago , and I applauded her use of Cheri Oteri and French Stewart in the movie , having them play against type .
BP : Yeah , and they gave good performances too .
BE : Definitely .
French in particular had some very darkly humorous moments in the film .
Was that hard to play , a film that was both violent and funny , if not necessarily ha- ha funny sometimes ?
BP : Well , you know , I was really glad when I finally saw the movie and I saw everybody ’s performances .
I did n’t get to see a lot of stuff until it was edited .
I really felt like everybody shared the same thing , it was like ensemble acting in that way .
I think I really attribute it to Jen and how she was really encouraging to everybody to find that bravura or whatever .
You know , being most purely you and not holding back .
Jen really gave everybody permission to do that .
BE : Did the violence in the film cause you to hesitate at any point ?
BP : Well , you know , I do n’t know what it would have been like had I been around a lot of it .
The kind of cheat that I got to do was I did n’t really need to be there for some of the most violent stuff .
It allowed me to live in this kind of way that kept me from feeling like I was sitting in a sewer for months at a time .
“ I do n’t know what it would have been like had I been around a lot of ( the violence in ' Surveillance ' ) .
The kind of cheat that I got to do was I did n’t really need to be there for some of the most violent stuff .
It allowed me to live in this kind of way that kept me from feeling like I was sitting in a sewer for months at a time . ”
BE : I talked to Campbell Scott a couple of months ago about “ Phoebe in Wonderland . ”
I have a young daughter myself , so it really spoke to me , that film .
BP : Yeah , that period where imagine that you could make a discovery that your child is n’t functioning the way you wish every kid could be functioning , it ’s kind of traumatic .
BE : How did you fall into that particular film ?
Because your performance was really great , particularly that reaction shot where you spoke to Phoebe harshly and suddenly realized what you had done .
BP : Well , when I read it , I went , “ Oh , this is interesting material , ” but then I was n’t even sure if I liked the part that much , because … I do n’t know , I felt like he was ancillary to the women a little bit .
But in talking to Ben Barnz and Daniel ( Barnz ) , particularly , but the both of them , I kind of realized it was really interesting .
And then we did do some changes to the script and everything , where I felt it was a little bit more … where he was more active as a character .
And then I was really glad I was part of it .
BE : And you worked with Campbell in “ Singles ” as well .
BP : Yes .
And Campbell is so brilliant in “ Phoebe in Wonderland . ”
Have you ever seen any more complicated character than that principal ?
BE : I forget the exact phrase that I used when I was describing it to him , but it was something like , “ He ’s the guy everyone loves to hate by way of the clueless authority figure . “
BP : Yes , yes .
( Laughs )
And quite devious .
Amazingly devious .
BE : Oh , definitely .
So with “ Singles , ” I feel like it ’s kind of an underrated movie .
BP : Yeah , yeah , and Campbell ’s great in that , too .
I definitely appreciate it when people respect that movie and his performance in it .
It was a fun thing .
And , you know , for me , it was a little different than those guys , because it was a strange case of less is more .
BE : You just worked with Bridget Fonda , really .
BP : Yeah , but there was a whole plot of her and I , and we shot a whole story , but then Cameron ( Crowe ) came back and said , “ You know , Bill , there are so many characters in this movie I ’ve written .
You ’re the last one to come aboard , and we really just realized once we edited all together , it was hard to tell yet begin in the middle of the movie with a whole yet another character .
So we ended up cutting it down . ”
He said , “ I feel terrible . ”
But when I watched it , there is so much kind of unsaid things between Dr. Jamison and Bridget ’s character .
We were playing it like we would go on and have an affair … which , as we filmed it , we did .
We shot scenes with us in a bathtub together with a thousand candles around us .
We went through the whole arc of me being an older guy and having to come back to her and say , “ Look , I was just recently divorced .
I do n’t know this Soundgarden stuff . ” ( Laughs )
And then it ended up being just an edited thing of a spark , one that just never got fulfilled .
In a way , it was better .
BE : In ’97 , you managed to work with both Wim Wenders and David Lynch , making you a king of indie cinema , and yet you were coming off the back of one of the biggest grossing films of all time in “ Independence Day . ”
Do you have a crisis of identity , or are you just an actor who likes to keep acting ?
BP : ( Laughs )
Well , I mean , gosh , when you think about the privilege of working with David or Wim , you would be stupid to turn it down .
BE : How serious were the “ Independence Day ” sequel talks ?
Did they ever reach a point where you really felt like it was going to happen ?
BP : Well , you know , I never really got intimate with it all .
You realize that , especially nowadays where sequels are so lucrative , there must have been a lot of deep creative problems that kept it from happening .
BE : My daughter has just discovered “ Casper , ” so she ’ll be thrilled that I talked to you .
BP : Oh , now that ’s a good classic to be a part of .
BE : And “ Zero Effect ” is a film that I actually only discovered because the soundtrack is so awesome , but once I finally saw it , I loved it .
BP : Oh , how did you hear about the soundtrack ?
BE : Because Elvis Costello was on there , as well as a great band called the Candy Butchers .
Do you feel like “ Zero Effect ” is one of those films that , one of these days , will be rediscovered and praised as a lost classic ?
BP : Yeah , I do .
You know , a couple of months ago … the L.A.
Times has a thing now where once every other week or so they have a column called “ Second Watch . ”
I think that ’s what it ’s called .
But they found “ Zero Effect ” and trumpeted it .
So I ’m hoping that it stays alive that way .
I think that Jake ( Kasdan ) did a great , unique script .
That ’s the kind of thing that ’s hard to market .
They would say , “ Oh , it ’s two stories .
It ’s a buddy film and it ’s a romance , and those are hard to sell , ” and all that stuff .
It came out right after “ Titanic , ” so … I do n’t know .
It just did n’t get that immediate thing .
But , then , there have been a lot of people that have found it later .
BE : Would you say that ’s one of the films that you ’ve done that did n’t get the love it deserved ?
Were there any others that immediately leap to mind ?
BP : Yeah , well , that one , and I also thought “ Mr. Wrong ” was funny .
I wished that had done better .
You know , some of the comedies have been fun that did n’t get found out .
But that ’s the way it goes .
BE : Did you feel like your NBC miniseries , “ Revelations , ” was underrated ?
Because I really enjoyed it .
BP : Oh , good !
You know , it was a really great , exotic thing to shoot .
Now , my phone is beeping like it ’s going to cut off , like the battery ’s low or something , but …you know , I think Natascha ( McElhone ) was an interesting character , and the fact that , with “ Angels and Demons ” and all those movies , you know there ’s an audience for it .
It ’s just that television is kind of tricky .
BE : You did the remake of “ The Virginian ” for TNT , where you starred and directed .
Were you on the fence about doing it and then they pitched you the idea of directing ?
BP : No , I love that story and I just really wanted to direct it .
It was a great , great experience .
It was something I really cared a lot about so I was glad to get the chance to do it .
I kind of have looked for something like that since , but I have n’t found it .
BE : Were you happy with the way it turned out ?
BP : Yeah , yeah , I was .
I ’m really glad Diane Lane was able to be a part of it , and
John Savage .
It was at a time where doing it was kind of like a Bergman - esque Western in some ways .
I really felt lucky to be able to do that .
BE : Last one , and I ’ll tie it back to “ Surveillance ” : how do you think your performance is going to effect Greil Marcus ’ essay about you , " American Berserk : Bill Pullman 's Face ” ?
( Writer ’s note : if you ’ve never read it , Marcus has said of his essay , “ I was fascinated by the way he played this person who seemed to embody a kind of resentment , and disgust and anger , but also had the face of someone who has given up — and it was the face of the country having given up on itself . ” )
BP : Oh gosh , I think he ’s finally going to say , “ See , I was right . ”
He was on to me .
I tried to keep it a secret , but it ’s out now .
BE : It sure is .
Well , it ’s been a pleasure talking to you Bill .
Oh , great .
Good to talk to you !
There was a time in my life during which I left Richard Marx 's " Paid Vacation " album in my stereo system for weeks at a time .
This was not because I felt a spiritual craving for the music so strong that only repeated listenings would satisfy .
No , it was the single worst CD I could dredge up out of my music collection , and I thought it might be effective as alarm - clock music .
Hearing it , would I not have to rise at once to shut the disc off ?
Turns out that it was just too inoffensive , too polished , too saccharine to yank me from my slumbers , but Richard Marx this week has partially redeemed himself for the album 's creation ( and for the $ 11 I must have spent on it back in high school ) .
Marx issued a strong statement against the " greedy actions of the major labels " after hearing about the $ 1.92 million Jammie Thomas - Rasset verdict .
As a longtime professional songwriter , I have always objected to the practice of illegal downloading of music .
I have also always , however , been sympathetic to the average music fan , who has been consistently financially abused by the greedy actions of major labels .
These labels , until recently , were responsible for the distribution of the majority of recorded music , and instead of nurturing the industry and doing their best to provide the highest quality of music to the fans , they predominantly chose to ream the consumer and fill their pockets .
So now we have a " judgment " in a case of illegal downloading , and it seems to me , especially in these extremely volatile economic times , that holding Ms. Thomas - Rasset accountable for the continuing daily actions of hundreds of thousands of people is , at best , misguided and at worst , farcical .
Her accountability itself is not in question , but this show of force posing as judicial come - uppance is clearly abusive .
Ms. Thomas - Rasset , I think you got a raw deal , and I 'm ashamed to have my name associated with this issue .
Richard Marx 's opinion carries no legal weight , of course , though it 's notable that his song " Now and Forever " was one of the 24 tracks for which Thomas - Rasset was ordered to pay .
The track was actually played in court to verify that it was the same one retrieved from the tereastarr@KaZaA share folder — and one of the trial 's few moments of levity came when the judge asked why the playback of such a terrific song had been cut short ?
( He was apparently serious , preferring Marx 's smooth acoustic guitar to the No Doubt track that preceded it . )
Who needs to be liked ?
In the wake of the RIAA win , the organization 's legendarily poor public image somehow got even worse .
Chicago Sun-Times music critic Jim DeRogatis called the Thomas - Rasset ruling " infamous as one of the most wrong - headed in the history of the American judicial system — not to mention that it will forever stand as the best evidence of the contempt of the old - school music industry toward the music lovers who once were its customers . "
Columnist Robert X. Cringely , riffing on the Journey tracks that Thomas - Rasset now owes $ 80,000 apiece for , headlined a recent column , " Do n't stop believing in the RIAA 's capacity for evil . "
Clever .
How has the RIAA responded to the $ 1.92 million verdict ?
" Clinical detachment " is probably not the best response in the emotional aftermath of the case , but that 's exactly what we got today from the RIAA 's Joshua Friedlander , who compared the Thomas - Rasset jury to a really helpful focus group .
" Last week we got a chance to listen to one of these groups outside the usual circumstances , " he wrote .
" It was n't a research project , and it was n’t by sitting behind a two - way mirror ...
This group of 12 Minnesotans showed us that , despite the protestations of some pundits who suggest that the digital world should resemble some kind of new wild west , the majority understands and believes that the same laws and rules we follow every day apply online .
Not just in theory , but in practice .
Another group of 12 people presented with similar questions said the same thing two years ago .
That makes a sample size of only 24 , but it 's certainly enough to learn from . "
Jackson and Timberlake caused controversy with their half - time show
The US Supreme Court has ordered a re-examination of a ruling that threw out a fine over Janet Jackson 's " wardrobe malfunction " during 2004 's Super Bowl .
Federal regulators had initially fined CBS TV $ 550,000 ( £ 368,000 ) in September 2004 for airing the glimpse of Jackson 's breast during the broadcast .
But an appeals court quashed it in July last year saying the watchdog acted " arbitrarily " in issuing the fine .
Some 90 million viewers saw the incident during the half time show .
Jackson was performing alongside Justin Timberlake when he reached for her bra and the " malfunction " occurred .
About 542,000 complaints were received by broadcaster CBS .
Now the high court has directed the 3rd US Circuit Court of Appeals in Philadelphia to consider reinstating the fine imposed by the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) .
The order follows a high court ruling last week that upheld the FCC 's policy that subjects broadcasters to fines against even single uses of swear words on live television .
Last year , the appeals court threw out the fine against CBS , saying that as the incident lasted nine - sixteenths of one second , it should have been regarded as " fleeting " .
The appeals court said CBS could not be held liable for the acts of Jackson and Timberlake - now that ruling will be reviewed in view of the Supreme Court 's order in the case .
Lawyers for CBS had urged the Supreme Court to reject the FCC 's appeal .
( A restaurant customer calls me over to his table with a problem . )
Me : “ Is everything alright ? ”
Customer : “ This is not a medium - rare steak .
It ’s too over - cooked to be called medium rare . ”
Me : “ Would you like me to get the chef , sir ? ”
Customer : “ I do n’t want you to do a thing , love . ”
Me : “ You … do n’t want me to do anything about it ? ”
Customer : “ I do n’t want you to do a thing . ”
Me : “ Uh , alright . ”
( I leave him to it , but five minutes later he calls me over again . )
Me : “ Hi , what can I help you with ? ”
Customer : “ This is not a medium - rare steak . ”
Me : “ Yes , you just explained it to me . ”
Customer : “ Well , it ’s not . ”
Me : “ What would you like me to do about it , sir ? ”
Customer : “ I do n’t want you to do a thing . ”
Me : “ Would you like to speak to the chef ? ”
Customer : “ I do n’t care what you do ! ”
( I bring out the chef who resolves the problem ; it ’s apparently what the customer wanted me to do . )
Photo above : jurvetson , Feature photo : tarotastic
After a brief dispute with landowners along the infamous track , the Kokoda Trail is once again open to trekkers .
The Kokoda Trail in Papua New Guinea ( PNG ) has been getting quite a bit of news as of late .
Last month , two trekkers died while trying to complete it .
Last week , Kovelo villagers , who felt they had n’t seen the materialization of financial benefits promised by the Australian and PNG governments , blocked the trail .
They were demanding $ 100 from each trekking group to pass .
As reported in this story from the Herald Sun , an agreement was reached which satisfied the villagers , and they have since ended their protest .
Some history about the trail
The Kokoda Trail was made famous during World War II , when the Australian army ( the Diggers ) , eventually aided by the Americans , held off an invading Japanese army .
Although the Japanese had the man and weaponry advantage , they were n’t prepared for the harsh conditions along this trail , the only route of escape for them .
In the end , the Japanese lost 13,000 out of 20,000 soldiers ( contrast that with 6000 casualties on the Australian side ) .
An account of the trail as it was during WWII can be found at the Digger History website .
The trail today
These days a number of companies operate trekking excursions on the trail .
Local guides and porters can also be hired .
It ’s possible to do the trek independently , but parts of the trail are unmarked and with the extreme temperatures that can be experienced there it ’s not advisable to go on your own .
Depending on your condition , it can take anywhere between five and 12 days .
If you ’re a glutton for punishment , there ’s the Kokoda Challenge , where teams of four compete to complete the 96 km course within the unbelievable time limit of 39 hours .
All I can say is , good luck with that .
COMMUNITY CONNECTION :
For more treks , make sure to check out these two in Nepal : the Annapurna Sanctuary and the Mt. Kangchenjunga Circuit .
Matador editor Tim Patterson also has some great tips for Trekking Central Laos .
Plan a Tour to India - A Perfect Destination for Every Traveler
Ignite your senses by visiting one of the most diverse countries in the world , the magnanimous India .
The chaotic streets , diversity of culture and the sun soaked beaches make your holiday in India an experience worth treasuring .
Discover the varieties of this incredible land by approaching any of the fantabulous packages available .
Historical Legacy , Cultural Colours , There Is More to India than What Meets the Eyes
History , culture , heritage , legends , beauty and wonders ; if you want to witness all these features collected amazingly in one packet ; undoubtedly India is the one and only station for you .
Yes , the land of multiplicity calls you for an everlasting feeling , possible with India holidays .
This incredible land brings you closer to spirituality , religion , culture and even wildlife via various leisure trips .
We at India Tour Packages make sure that the visitors get ample of choices to make a selection .
Be it a heritage tour or a wildlife trip , a religious journey or an adventurous expedition , we offer you all of this with value for money services .
The Land Of Wonders and World Heritage Sites
If you want to explore the UNESCO World Heritage sites , this golden land boasts of implicit options , the major ones are the Taj Mahal , Red Fort , Ranthambore National Park , Bharatpur National Park , Ellora & Ajanta Caves , the Khajuraho Group of temples and monuments , Elephant Caves , Sun Temple , Konark , Fatehpur Sikri and much more .
You will be much delighted to find one of the � New � Seven Wonders of the World ( as per the online polling done by CNN in 2007 ) lying majestically in the lap of Agra , Uttar Pradesh and that undoubtedly is every body 's primary choice - the Taj Mahal .
The beauty , design , legend , everything is encompassed in a single monument that purely reflects India 's architectural brilliance .
Come and Bask In the Unmatched Wilderness
India is an ultimate destination for the wildlife lovers as it is the brand ambassador of wildlife tourism .
The topography , the climate , area and the amazing inhabitants like Royal Bengal Tiger , One - horned Rhinoceros , Barahsingha ( Swamp Deer ) , Elephants , along with about thousands of avifauna species invite every nature and wildlife lover at their huge sanctuaries and national parks .
Corbett , Ranthambore , Bandhavgarh , Bharatpur , Tadoba , Gir , Manas , Kaziranga are some of the best names to be mentioned .
Nothing Spells Heritage Better Than India
If you wish to explore the bona fide heritage of India , the Golden Triangle Tour is the best option for you .
It makes you wander amid the lanes of Delhi , Agra and Jaipur , and allows you to soak in the true meaning of ancient architecture .
Besides this , there are various other places that cosset the Indian heritage at its best , for instance , you can explore the real beauty of India at Rajasthan .
When you enter into this desert , you will be amazed to feel the royal Rajputana glory engraved in its gigantic monuments , forts and palaces .
There is a long list of edifices that you can visit , to name a few Amber Fort , City Palace , Hawa Mahal , Jaisalmer Fort , Mehrangarh Fort and Lake Palace .
You will be astonished to find that Rajasthan is the only land that brings together the rich heritage and fascinating wildlife .
Further , you will be definitely mesmerized by its captivating trades and fairs .
Spirituality Redefined
Definitely a spiritual rejuvenation is possible here only and the history & legends are a proof to this .
What are the most sacred destinations for pilgrimage in India ?
Vaishno Devi Trip , Amarnath Yatra and the most sacred the Chardham Yatra are the pious sites of the Incredible India .
These places are beautifully embraced by the exquisiteness of Mother Nature .
At the same time , they are the best places that offer you a gift of serenity and spirituality .
Adventure at Its Best
Trekking , rafting , Kayaking , rock climbing and motor biking ; these are the cravings of adventure freaks and India invites them all to make their dream come true .
Ladakh , Rishikesh and different Himalayan ranges including the famous Everest & Kanchenjunga are the best locations to agitate their inner soul .
Look carefully , this is a 3D CAD model of the famous illustration by MC Escher - The Impossible Triangle .
A real physical object is possible , and when viewed from a single perspective , appears " impossible . "
A notebook containing 32 sketches by Pablo Picasso , valued at about € 8 m ( £ 7 m ) , vanished yesterday from the Picasso Museum in central Paris .
The book , displayed in a glass presentation cabinet on the first floor of the 17th - century building , was found to be missing just before lunchtime .
There was no sign of a break - in and the museum 's alarm system did not go off .
The Ministry of Culture said the cabinet holding the notebook could only be opened with a " special tool " but last night a museum employee said that the cabinet was open because the lock was broken .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Police were said to be working on the theory of a planned , or opportunistic , theft during a special opening of the museum to neighbours in the Marais area of the third arrondissement of the French capital .
The museum , housing Picasso works donated to the French state by his heirs since 1979 , is normally closed on Tuesdays .
The notebook was last seen when the Musée National Picasso , on the Rue Thorigny , closed on Monday evening .
Since 2006 , the museum has been under renovation intended to double its display area .
It is currently hosting a special exhibition of the works of Daniel Buren , which includes a giant mirror snaking from room to room .
The French media speculated last night that the presence of this mirror , by blocking the view of museum staff , may have helped the theft .
The French news agency , Agence France - Press , quoted police sources as saying that the museum 's security was notoriously " feeble " and that improvements were scheduled as part of the renovation work .
The museum , in an aristocratic town house called the Hôtel Salé , normally contains hundreds of paintings , sculptures , drawings , engravings and ceramics by the Spanish - born master of modern art ( 1881 - 1973 ) .
Many of the major works are currently on loan , or hire , to special exhibitions all over the world to raise money for the renovation work .
They have been replaced by special exhibitions of the works of other artists and displays of minor Picasso sketches and artefacts that are not usually shown .
The missing notebook is believed , however , to be part of the museum 's permanent display .
There has been a long catalogue of Picasso thefts in France , and elsewhere , in recent years .
In March 2007 , two paintings worth € 50 m were stolen from the home of the painter 's granddaughter in the heart of the government quarter of Paris .
They were recovered five months later .
For those of you who think that the Internet has heralded in a new era of grass roots political opportunity , prepare to be challenged by Mr. Participatory Politics himself .
" Are big corporations afraid of the public use of the Internet ?
Does Congress fear the civic use of the Internet ?
Does the Pentagon fear the civic use of the Internet ?
Those are the questions you want to ask , " Ralph Nader told an auditorium of college students in Washington , DC on Monday .
" My tentative conclusion , " he continued , " is that the Internet does n't do a very good job of motivating action . "
Work - in - progress
The former presidential candidate has a new book out , and spoke at the University of California 's Washington Center , where the left coast 's best and brightest undergraduates come to intern with government agencies and nonprofits .
I 'm teaching there this quarter , and during the question period I asked Nader whether he thought that the ' Net had made a difference .
Cyberspace is " a work in progress , to be sure , " he conceded .
" It 's a great place to find out what 's going on and to retrieve information and to raise money . "
But beyond that , he is n't impressed .
The standard Ralph Nader stump speech is a contradictory affair , especially when delivered to young people .
First the famous consumer advocate serves up a bitter tale of overwhelming defeat , then he demands that his audience summon hope and lead the next revolution .
The synopsis goes like this : corporations are vastly more organized than anyone else these days , and enjoy a level of power over Congress that dwarfs any countervailing democratic force .
" The asymmetry is greater than the military asymmetry of the Israelis against the Palestinians , " Nader told the students .
" They are organized to the teeth .
And the people get shafted again and again . "
It was n't always so .
Back in the 1960s and 1970s , he explained , his " Nader 's Raiders " consumer movement won victory after victory : most famously getting Congress to dramatically upgrade safety requirements for cars .
But globalization weakened unions , the right throttled Congress , and the media abandoned the cause .
" The media used to cover the story , " Nader lamented .
" As a story , it would unfold day after day .
What we were doing on Capitol Hill , Senate Commerce Committee hearing conferences , writeups , markups .
They would stay with us .
Now they want to write features and win the Pulitzer prize .
Well , a feature does n't help citizens groups very much .
It 's a one - time thing . "
And so : " we lost the element of surprise .
We do n't have the unions .
We do n't have the media .
We have the Internet , for whatever that 's worth . "
Too much Facebook
The problem , Nader warned , is that whatever benefits the Internet offers , " it 's a huge consumption of trivial time .
That 's the real negative .
You can just lose yourself . "
And to Nader 's mind , it is n't worth much .
The Internet has become more of an extension of market life than civic culture , he warned , the latter dwarfed by the shopping mall .
Nader asked the students to indicate by a show of hands how many had ever been to a city council meeting or a court trial as an observer .
Then , he queried , how many had been to Wal - Mart or McDonalds ?
The audience was understandably reluctant to cooperate with this rhetorical set - up , but everybody got the point .
" In fact , it 's worse now than ever , " he scolded the students .
" You spend six times longer listening to music than we did when we were your age .
And last I knew there were only 24 hours in the day .
And you 're always on the [ at this point Nader mimicked a cell phone ]
' Where are you ?
Two blocks away ? '
Massive trivialization of communications . "
Sure , Nader conceded , there 's moveon.org .
" They generate a lot of e-mails .
But then it goes down fast after that , in terms of anything else . "
And then there was the Obama online victory .
But " they 're wondering why their 13 million e-mail list is n't translating into a power force on Congress , to get his agenda through . "
The problem , Nader warned , is that whatever benefits the Internet offers , " it 's a huge consumption of trivial time .
That 's the real negative .
You can just lose yourself . "
He challenged the young crowd to project themselves years into the future , talking to their grandchildren .
" What are you going to say to them ? " he rhetorically asked .
" You know .
The world is melting down .
They 're nine years old .
They 're sitting on your lap .
They 've just become aware of things that are wrong in the world : starvation , poverty , whatever .
And they ask you , what were you doing when all this was happening : Grandma ?
Grandpa ?
That you were too busy updating your profile on Facebook ? "
The audience laughed .
The speaker then asked how many of them had Facebook accounts .
Quite a few raised their hands , but probably not as many as actually use the service .
In the end , Ralph Nader gave the impression , at least to this writer , of someone who had long ago run out of patience with the human race .
A few of the students seemed to sense this too .
One pointedly asked Nader " for something that you are optimistic about . "
It was towards the end of the event .
The man who had just told them that they were to corporate America what Gaza is to Israel 's IDF hurried out a list of reasons to be cheerful : " solar energy , renewable energy , the peace movement .
All kinds of things .
They just need to be bigger . "
Throughout the evening , Nader seemed only dimly aware that many of his young listeners were deeply committed to social causes , despite their iPhones .
He never bothered to ask them what they were actually doing in Washington , DC .
They , for their part , forgave his lack of real curiosity about them , honored to be in the presence of this historic advocate .
Students surrounded his book table after the talk , buying his latest opus and posing for cell phone pictures with him .
" You know what they 're going to do with those photos , right ? " one cheerfully noted as we stood in the hall .
" They 're going to put them up on their Facebook pages . "
Listing image by http://www.flickr.com/photos/guano/2415406812/
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) --
The top- performing letter that predicted the Crash of 2008 now predicts a confiscatory Franklin D. Roosevelt - style " bank holiday . "
But it 's surprisingly sanguine about stocks -- in the ( very ) short term .
The Harry Schultz Letter ( HSL ) was my pick for Letter of the Year in 2008 because it really did predict what it rightly called a coming " financial tsunami . "
But its performance in 2008 was still terrible , albeit arguably for technical reasons .
( See Dec. 28 , 2008 , column . )
Now HSL has bounced back big - time .
( See April 13 column . )
Over the year to date through May , it 's up a remarkable 81.7 % by Hulbert Financial Digest count , compared to 4.1 % for the dividend - reinvested Wilshire 5000 Total Stock Market Index .
Of course , simple arithmetic dictates that does n't make up for 2008 -- over the past 12 months , HSL is still down 48.19 % versus negative 32.63 % for the total return Wilshire 5000 .
In fact , the damage inflicted by 2008 was so great that HSL is also under water over the past three years , down an annualized 14.89 % against a drop of 8.18 % annualized for the total return Wilshire 5000 .
Still , over the past five years , the letter has achieved an annualized gain of 9.19 % , compared to negative 1.26 % annualized for the total return Wilshire 5000 .
This reflects its success in catching the post - millennium hard - asset bull market that caused me to name it Letter of the Year , for more conventional reasons , in 2005 .
( See Dec. 29 , 2005 , column . )
And over the past 10 years , the letter still shows an annualized gain of 3.65 % , against negative 0.86 % annualized for the total return Wilshire .
In its current issue , HSL reports rumors that " Some U.S. embassies worldwide are being advised to purchase massive amounts of local currencies ; enough to last them a year .
Some embassies are being sent enormous amounts of U.S. cash to purchase currencies from those governments , quietly .
But not pound sterling .
Inside the State Dept. , there is a sense of sadness and foreboding that ' something ' is about to happen ... within 180 days , but could be 120 - 150 days . "
Yes , yes , it 's paranoid .
But paranoids have enemies -- and the Crash of 2008 really did happen .
HSL 's suspicion : " Another FDR - style ' bank holiday ' of indefinite length , perhaps soon , to let the insiders sort out the bank mess , which ( despite their rosy propaganda campaign ) is getting more out of their control every day .
Insiders want to impose new bank rules .
Widespread nationalization could result , already underway .
It could also lead to a formal U.S. dollar devaluation , as FDR did by revaluing gold ( and then confiscating it ) . "
HSL is still sticking with its 20 - year " V " formation forecast , but emphasizes that within the current 10 - year downtrend phase there will be rallies that will " last 1 - 2 years . "
It attributes its current success to " successfully trading almost daily , especially in commodity stocks ( coal / potash / energy / fertilizer / gold ) .
Take profits constantly and rebuy on mini pullbacks .
Prefer non-U.S. dollar companies ; many such companies are listed in U.S. & Canada or Australia . "
HSL says : " The world is staggering today between stagflation and net deflation right now ; it varies widely around globe .
Net deflation is a maybe 35 % risk , due to toxics and / or deepening depression .
Bit more likely , we 'll slowly creep up to a dangerous 4.5 % inflation on average , medium - term .
But the wild card is the currency risk , which has a 50 % (? ) chance of boiling over and causing literally overnight ( i.e. 24 hours ) mega inflation in the asset markets . "
Nevertheless , in the very short term , HSL 's charting leads it to say : " we MAY not get a new bear market decline that many bears are predicting .
Likewise , DJIA & S&P500 may build a Head - and Shoulders right shoulder . "
HSL 's currently recommended allocation :
• 35 %- 45 % Government notes , bills and bonds .
( Not U.S. )
• 8%-10 % Stocks ( non-golds ) .
• 10%-30 % Commodities , via futures , commodity stocks and / or physical assets .
• 35 %- 45 % Gold stocks and bullion .
MADRID --
Spain is moving to rein in its investigative judges from trying alleged crimes against humanity from around the world , a role that has led to high - profile cases against the governments of the U.S. , China , Israel and others .
Under pressure from irate foreign governments , Spain 's Congress on Tuesday passed a resolution to limit the jurisdiction of the crusading judges to cases in which there is a clear Spanish connection -- and no home - country investigation already under way .
The ...
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : portland
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
If you are serious about this , we would like to hear from you .
You must be respectful of both Gabrielle and myself .
Neither of us have ever had a threesome before , so this will be new to both of us .
Also , she is n’t the most cooperative girl as far as positioning goes – although she is tiny , she is quite heavy .
Perhaps with another guy present , it would open up additional possibilities .
I ’m not as picky as she is , so it would probably help your chances if you addressed your messages to her She would love to hear your basic info and any thoughts / ideas for our threesome .
She has several outfits she could wear for us .
Sitting like a turquoise gem in a bowl of hemlock , Sitka spruce and ice , Berners Bay has long been a jewel of Alaska ’s Tongass National Forest .
In the spring , swarms of tiny eulachon rush in to spawn , and the bay floods with hundreds of killer whales , humpback whales and sea lions in hot pursuit , along with eagles and seabirds by the thousands .
Fishermen flock to its herring , salmon and Dungeness crab .
Its chilly , tranquil waters are a favorite destination for kayakers .
Berners Bay also has become one of the epicenters of a new Alaska gold rush .
High in the snowy peaks at the top of the bay , miners struck an estimated 1.4 million ounces of gold -- a prize that is looking better every day as investors flee the stock market .
An Idaho - based mining company has pledged to rescue southeast Alaska ’s crippled timber and fishing economy by opening an industrial - scale mine above the bay .
The problem is how to do it .
Advertisement
The company had planned to pile its leftover debris on a wetlands on the other side of the mountain from Berners Bay -- a solution embraced by environmentalists -- but has shifted to a cheaper alternative .
Taking advantage of a little - publicized regulatory change adopted under the Bush administration in 2004 , Coeur d’Alene Mines has obtained a federal permit to dump 4.5 million tons of tailings directly into a small sub - alpine lake near the mine , just above Berners Bay .
Conservationists say the plan is unprecedented in 30 years of mining under the federal Clean Water Act .
Lower Slate Lake , whose deep indigo waters are home to about 1,000 Dolly Varden char and a small species of fish known as stickleback , will become a repository for 210,000 gallons a day of thick slurry , laced with aluminum , copper , lead and mercury -- enough to kill all the fish and raise the lake ’s bottom by 50 feet .
The waste would be prevented from seeping down the adjacent creek into Berners Bay by construction of a large dam that , environmental groups warn , would have to last for eternity .
Advertisement
The mine tailings on the lake bottom eventually would be sealed and fish would be restocked , the Environmental Protection Agency says .
That , state and federal officials say , means the lake would become a prime recreational resource for fishermen and boaters .
The nearby city of Juneau , Native Alaskan leaders and Gov. Sarah Palin have hailed the project as a godsend for a region desperate for jobs amid logging cutbacks , the closure of two big pulp mills and dwindling fishing opportunities .
But a coalition of environmental groups fears the permit for the Kensington mine , as the project is known , could gut the Clean Water Act and turn lakes and streams across the country into dump sites for polluted mine waste .
They have made that argument before the Supreme Court , which is expected to rule this spring .
“ The agencies ’ decision to allow the disposal of millions of tons of chemically processed mine waste into a pristine alpine lake sets a horrible precedent , ” the Sierra Club , which joined the Southeast Alaska Conservation Council in fighting the permit , said in a statement .
“ If Coeur d’Alene mines can do it in the heart of the Tongass , mining companies can do it in almost any lake , river or stream . ”
Advertisement
Yet industry officials say the project reflects a long - standing practice of setting up settling ponds for mine waste -- often in wetlands or small streams .
More important , they say , the plan to dump mine tailings into the remote , 23 - acre Lower Slate Lake has been hailed by Alaska , the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and many residents as less environmentally damaging than the plan favored by conservation groups : reducing the tailings to a paste and piling them on 100 acres of wetlands near Lynn Canal .
A dry tailings disposal plan , then - Solicitor General Gregory Garre told the Supreme Court in January , would create “ enormous stacks of tailings , 100 to 200 feet high , thousands of feet wide , that would actually dwarf the Pentagon . ”
At issue before the high court is whether the mine tailings should be regulated by the EPA as pollutant discharges -- meaning they would have to be fully treated before being released into lakes and streams -- or by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers as “ fill , ” which would allow untreated pollutants to be discharged into the lake as long as any water that flows out of the lake and down toward Berners Bay is clean .
Environmental groups argue that by ceding most of its jurisdiction over mining waste to the Army Corps , the EPA is shirking its responsibilities under the 1972 Clean Water Act and its own regulations -- which since 1982 have said that new gold mines of Kensington ’s type must have “ no discharge of process wastewater to navigable waters . ”
Advertisement
“ There has not been a single permit like this ever issued before , ” said Tom Waldo , who argued the case before the Supreme Court for the environmental law organization Earthjustice .
But Steve Borell , executive director of the Alaska Miners Assn. , said mines across the state -- which is dotted with wetlands -- could n’t operate if they could n’t impound tailings in waterways .
“ The issue is n’t Lower Slate Lake .
The issue is whether or not we are going to shut off putting waste rock anywhere . ”
Alaska has seen a boom in gold discoveries recently .
International Tower Hills Mines Ltd. announced last month that it had discovered 6.8 million ounces of gold , one of the world ’s biggest deposits , north of Fairbanks .
Advertisement
The proposed Pebble Mine at the headwaters of Bristol Bay , one of the West ’s great salmon fisheries , is the site of another newly discovered deposit of at least $ 80 billion in gold -- and , even more important , copper .
“ As a matter of fact , it is a new gold rush , ” said Rich Hughes of Alaska ’s Office of Minerals Development .
The state , he said , is the second biggest gold producer in the world , behind Nevada , and gaining rapidly .
Mineral production was worth $ 4 billion to the Alaska economy in 2007 , generating 5,500 direct jobs .
Revenue has sunk slightly due to falling metals prices , but strong gold prices and the huge new discoveries are helping maintain an industry that might otherwise be in decline .
On Friday , gold was selling for more than $ 940 per ounce .
Advertisement
Conservation groups fear that a Supreme Court decision restoring the Kensington mine permit -- which the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals revoked last year -- would set a precedent that could allow the Pebble Mine , for example , to deposit massive waste into a nearby lake as well .
On a recent overflight , Berners Bay stretched dappled and gray under luminous clouds of mist .
A writhing brown mass of Steller sea lions stretched along a beach , while Lower Slate Lake was an innocuous bowl of snow at the top of an icy ridge .
To the south were folds of emerald forest .
“ What they concluded was it ’s cheaper to dump your waste into a lake than do it the way it ’s been done for the last 30 years , since the Clean Water Act , ” said Rod Cadmus , an activist with the Southeast Alaska Conservation Council who helped negotiate the abandoned compromise for depositing the mine tailings on land .
“ And if they do it here , they ’ll do it at other mines . ”
But spokesman Tony Ebersole of Coeur d’Alene Mines said the lake disposal plan had been rigorously studied and deemed the best for the environment by state agencies and the Corps of Engineers .
Advertisement
“ There were 50 - some permits issued for this mine .
The environmental studies alone cost $ 20 million , and this was permitted according to the way the process is supposed to work , ” Ebersole said .
Many residents of Juneau , about 45 miles south of the mine , see the legal fight as a needless delay of a project that could mean the difference between over 200 long - range , well - paying jobs and having to rely on trickle - down revenue from the cruise ship industry .
Randy Wanamaker , a member of the Juneau borough assembly and of the Tlingit and Haida central tribal council , said Native Alaskans had been guaranteed jobs at the mine and already had an important contract to help develop it .
“ We are a tribe of 27,000 people , and we have 82 % unemployment among our adults .
It ’s that bad .
In the capital city of the state , we have within the urban population something like 27 % of our people who are unemployed -- that ’s why the Kensington project is so important to us , ” Wanamaker said .
Advertisement
He said city and tribal officials were confident that Lower Slate Lake would be restored and would provide better habitat for fish once the mine ’s operations were complete .
“ We are not trading environment for jobs , ” Wanamaker said .
“ These are my ancestral homelands .
These fishing waters that are around it are important to us .
We as a tribal group studied this , we worked with Coeur d’Alene Mines to put into it our concerns about our subsistence lifestyle , and they worked with us . ”
--
kim.murphy@latimes.com
Mathematical Illiteracy
This may be the stupidest example of risk assessment I ’ve ever seen .
It ’s a video clip from a recent Daily Show , about he dangers of the Large Hadron Collider .
The segment starts off slow , but then there ’s an exchange with high school science teacher Walter L. Wagner , who insists the device has a 50 - 50 chance of destroying the world :
“ If you have something that can happen , and something that wo n’t necessarily happen , it ’s going to either happen or it ’s going to not happen , and so the best guess is 1 in 2 . ” “ I ’m not sure that ’s how probability works , Walter . ”
This is followed by clips of news shows taking the guy seriously .
In related news , almost four - fifths of Americans do n’t know that a trillion is a million million , and most think it ’s less than that .
Is it any wonder why we ’re having so much trouble with national budget debates ?
Posted on May 4 , 2009 at 6:19 AM • 138 Comments
So .
I recently moved to Los Angeles , and now I ’m not sure what to do with this site .
I could start posting photos of L.A. street art , I guess , but that really kind of goes against my original purpose , which was to highlight work from the Third Coast , a.k.a. the Dirty South , a.k.a. the Dirty Third .
I ’ll be straight up with y’all : I really have no idea what I ’m going to wind up doing .
I guess we ’ll just have to figure it out together , as lame as that sounds .
In the meanwhile , drop me a line if you want to send me some stickers .
I live near Venice , and there ’s plenty of foot traffic ( skateboard traffic too ) , and once your stuff magically appears on the street , I ’ll be sure to post some photos .
Broken Health Care System Fosters Treatment Delays and Strained Finances for Many Cancer Patients , According to New Poll Maintaining Insurance Coverage Also a Challenge ; Cancer Patients Say They Need Health Care Reform NOW WASHINGTON , D.C. -- May 20 , 2009 --
One in four people currently receiving cancer - related care has delayed treatment in the past year , and nearly one in three people under age 65 who have been diagnosed with cancer has been uninsured at some point since their diagnosis , according to a national poll released today by the American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network ( ACS CAN ) .
The unique poll of families affected by cancer also found that more than 40 percent had trouble affording care in the past few years .
More than one in five families has used up all or most of its savings and one in seven has incurred thousands of dollars in medical debt because of high health care costs .
The survey also found that two - thirds of Americans under age 65 diagnosed with cancer who searched for coverage outside the employer - based system could not find an affordable plan .
The poll was conducted May 1 - 11 among 1,057 families affected by cancer nationwide by Lake Research Partners and American Viewpoint .
" Lack of access to quality health care is standing in the way of our potential as a nation to defeat cancer , which kills an estimated 560,000 people in America each year , " said John R. Seffrin , chief executive officer of ACS CAN , the advocacy affiliate of the American Cancer Society .
“ Families affected by cancer need Congress and the President to make health care reform a priority now , because the status quo is not an option . "
Scientific research done by the Society has shown that lack of access to care can lead to later stage diagnoses , when cancer is more expensive to treat and harder to survive .
Research has also shown that people with insurance have better chances of surviving cancer than people who are uninsured — even when the uninsured are diagnosed at earlier stages of the disease .
" Cancer patients are acutely aware of the holes that exist in our current ' sick care ' system and are too often forced to delay or forego lifesaving screenings and treatments because of lack of access to critical care , ” said Daniel E. Smith , president of ACS CAN .
“ If we can fix the health care system for cancer patients , we will fix it for virtually anyone who touches the system , including those who face a chronic disease diagnosis . "
That 's why ACS CAN is strongly pushing for health care reform this year .
ACS CAN is the leading voice of patients in the health care reform debate , having worked with a broad cross-section of stakeholders for the past several years to build momentum for reform nationwide .
The poll results are being released on the same day that cancer patients and loved ones from across the country are on Capitol Hill to meet with Members of Congress and share their troubling stories of delayed care and debt as a result of inadequate and unaffordable health care coverage .
The patients stood side by side with Congressional cancer survivors at a mid-day briefing in the U.S. Capitol to emphasize why families affected by cancer need action on health care reform now , not later .
The patient lobby day is the latest effort by ACS CAN to illustrate why cancer patients need a health care system fix that wo n’t force them to choose between saving their life and their life savings .
ACS CAN has developed a set of specific policy priorities that are critical in any comprehensive health care reform plan that include : Prevention — Transform our current " sick care " system to enhance the delivery of prevention services Quality Coverage — Ensure that all Americans have access to health insurance that is adequate , affordable , available , and administratively simple Quality of Life — Emphasize patient - centered care to reduce suffering and promote well - being during and after treatment ACS CAN , the nonprofit , nonpartisan advocacy affiliate of the American Cancer Society , supports evidence - based policy and legislative solutions designed to eliminate cancer as a major health problem .
ACS CAN works to encourage elected officials and candidates to make cancer a top national priority .
ACS CAN gives ordinary people extraordinary power to fight cancer with the training and tools they need to make their voices heard .
For more information , visit www.acscan.org.
Related Links » Poll Results
Our website is under construction .
We 'll be here soon after locked down with our new awesome site .
Get best experience with this one .
meantime , you can contact us at 997171621
" When it became clear that Sam had no hope of recovery from his severe infection , he was discharged to his family home on Friday at his parents ' request to die peacefully .
HELPING HAND HELPING HAND ' America Supports You ' : Give help |
Get help | Letters National Military Family Association | Give Navy - Marine Corps Relief Society : Provides aid to sailors , Marines and their families or survivors | Donate Fisher House Foundation : Provides families places to stay near military hospitals | Donate Army Emergency Relief : Helps financially needy soldiers and dependants | Donate Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors : Online forum , hotline and other support | Donate More Digg
del.icio.us
Newsvine
Reddit
Facebook WASHINGTON ( AP ) 
Veterans make up one in four homeless people in the United States , though they are only 11 % of the general adult population , according to a report to be released Thursday .
And homelessness is not just a problem among middle - age and elderly veterans .
Younger veterans from Iraq and Afghanistan are trickling into shelters and soup kitchens seeking services , treatment or help with finding a job .
The Veterans Affairs Department has identified 1,500 homeless veterans from the current wars and says 400 of them have participated in its programs specifically targeting homelessness .
The National Alliance to End Homelessness , a public education non-profit , based the findings of its report on numbers from Veterans Affairs and the Census Bureau .
2005 data estimated that 194,254 homeless people out of 744,313 on any given night were veterans .
In comparison , the VA says that 20 years ago , the estimated number of veterans who were homeless on any given night was 250,000 .
Some advocates say the early presence of veterans from Iraq and Afghanistan at shelters does not bode well for the future .
It took roughly a decade for the lives of Vietnam veterans to unravel to the point that they started showing up among the homeless .
Advocates worry that intense and repeated deployments leave newer veterans particularly vulnerable .
" We 're going to be having a tsunami of them eventually because the mental health toll from this war is enormous , " said Daniel Tooth , director of veterans affairs for Lancaster County , Pa .
While services to homeless veterans have improved in the past 20 years , advocates say more financial resources still are needed .
With the spotlight on the plight of Iraq veterans , they hope more will be done to prevent homelessness and provide affordable housing to the younger veterans while there 's a window of opportunity .
" When the Vietnam War ended , that was part of the problem .
The war was over , it was off TV , nobody wanted to hear about it , " said John Keaveney , a Vietnam veteran and a founder of New Directions in Los Angeles , which provides substance abuse help , job training and shelter to veterans .
" I think they 'll be forgotten , " Keaveney said of Iraq and Afghanistan veterans .
" People get tired of it .
It 's not glitzy that these are young , honorable , patriotic Americans .
They 'll just be veterans , and that happens after every war . "
Keaveney said it 's difficult for his group to persuade some homeless Iraq veterans to stay for treatment and help because they do n't relate to the older veterans .
Those who stayed have had success — one is now a stock broker and another is applying to be a police officer , he said .
" They see guys that are their father 's age and they do n't understand , they do n't know , that in a couple of years they 'll be looking like them , " he said .
After being discharged from the military , Jason Kelley , 23 , of Tomahawk , Wis. , who served in Iraq with the Wisconsin National Guard , took a bus to Los Angeles looking for better job prospects and a new life .
Kelley said he could n't find a job because he did n't have an apartment , and he could n't get an apartment because he did n't have a job .
He stayed in a $ 300 - a- week motel until his money ran out , then moved into a shelter run by the group U.S. VETS in Inglewood , Calif .
He 's since been diagnosed with post - traumatic stress disorder , he said .
" The only training I have is infantry training and there 's not really a need for that in the civilian world , " Kelley said in a phone interview .
He has enrolled in college and hopes to move out of the shelter soon .
The Iraq vets seeking help with homelessness are more likely to be women , less likely to have substance abuse problems , but more likely to have mental illness — mostly related to post - traumatic stress , said Pete Dougherty , director of homeless veterans programs at the VA .
Overall , 45 % of participants in the VA 's homeless programs have a diagnosable mental illness and more than three out of four have a substance abuse problem , while 35 % have both , Dougherty said .
Historically , a number of fighters in U.S. wars have become homeless .
In the post - Civil War era , homeless veterans sang old Army songs to dramatize their need for work and became known as " tramps , " which had meant to march into war , said Todd DePastino , a historian at Penn State University 's Beaver campus who wrote a book on the history of homelessness .
After World War I , thousands of veterans — many of them homeless — camped in the nation 's capital seeking bonus money .
Their camps were destroyed by the government , creating a public relations disaster for President Herbert Hoover .
The end of the Vietnam War coincided with a time of economic restructuring , and many of the same people who fought in Vietnam were also those most affected by the loss of manufacturing jobs , DePastino said .
Their entrance to the streets was traumatic and , as they aged , their problems became more chronic , recalled Sister Mary Scullion , who has worked with the homeless for 30 years and co-founded of the group Project H.O.M.E. in Philadelphia .
" It takes more to address the needs because they are multiple needs that have been unattended , " Scullion said .
" Life on the street is brutal and I know many , many homeless veterans who have died from Vietnam . "
The VA started targeting homelessness in 1987 , 12 years after the fall of Saigon .
Today , the VA has , either on its own or through partnerships , more than 15,000 residential rehabilitative , transitional and permanent beds for homeless veterans nationwide .
It spends about $ 265 million annually on homeless - specific programs and about $ 1.5 billion for all health care costs for homeless veterans .
Because of these types of programs and because two years of free medical care is being offered to all Iraq and Afghanistan veterans , Dougherty said they hope many veterans from recent wars who are in need can be identified early .
" Clearly , I do n't think that 's going to totally solve the problem , but I also do n't think we 're simply going to wait for 10 years until they show up , " Dougherty said .
" We 're out there now trying to get everybody we can to get those kinds of services today , so we avoid this kind of problem in the future . "
In all of 2006 , the National Alliance to End Homelessness estimates that 495,400 veterans were homeless at some point during the year .
The group recommends that 5,000 housing units be created per year for the next five years dedicated to the chronically homeless that would provide permanent housing linked to veterans ' support systems .
It also recommends funding an additional 20,000 housing vouchers exclusively for homeless veterans , and creating a program that helps bridge the gap between income and rent .
Following those recommendations would cost billions of dollars , but there is some movement in Congress to increase the amount of money dedicated to homeless veterans programs .
On a recent day in Philadelphia , case managers from Project H.O.M.E. and the VA picked up William Joyce , 60 , a homeless Vietnam veteran in a wheelchair who said he'd been sleeping at a bus terminal .
" You 're an honorable veteran .
You 're going to get some services , " outreach worker Mark Salvatore told Joyce .
" You need to be connected .
You do n't need to be out here on the streets . "
Copyright 2007 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Share this story : Digg del.icio.us Newsvine Reddit Facebook Enlarge By Matt Rourke , AP Mark Salvatore , left , a homeless outreach nurse with the Veterans Administration , talks with homeless Vietnam veteran William Joyce in Philadelphia .
Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
Has there ever been a time when there were so many different views of human nature floating around all at once ?
The economists have their view , in which rational people coolly chase incentives .
Traditional Christians have their view , emphasizing original sin , grace and the pilgrim ’s progress in a fallen world .
And then there are the evolutionary psychologists , who get the most media attention .
For 99 percent of human history , they observe , our species lived in small hunter - gatherer bands .
The people who survived developed certain mental modules , which have been passed down to us through our genes .
Some of these traits serve us well in the modern age .
Children have the capacity to learn language with astonishing speed .
Some of these traits do n’t .
Humans have an insatiable craving for fatty and sugary foods .
In 2000 , Geoffrey Miller , a leading evolutionary psychologist , published a book called “ The Mating Mind , ” in which he argued that the process of sexual selection among early human groups hardwired many of the behaviors we see in humans today .
Some of the traits are physical .
Men generally prefer women with a 0.7 waist - to - hip ratio ( that ’s a 24 - inch waist and 36 - inch hips , for those of you reading this at the gym ) .
Women generally prefer men who are taller and slightly older .
Some of these traits are more subtle .
Men , Miller argues , tip better in restaurants , because they ’ve been programmed to show how much surplus wealth they have .
The average American adult knows 60,000 words , far more than we need .
We have all those words because we like to mate with people who caress us with language .
The Lakers should have sensed there would be trouble , what with the never - ending string of Orlando Magic billboards dotting Interstate 4 , the litany of pro-Magic banners hanging from too many buildings to count , and the impossibly long Superman cape draped over part of Amway Arena .
This definitely was n’t Los Angeles anymore , and these certainly were n’t the Lakers who looked so confident in the first two games of the NBA Finals .
Orlando ripped through their defense , shooting a Finals - record 62.5 % in a 108 - 104 Game 3 victory that turned this into a less - comfortable occasion for the Lakers .
The Lakers still lead the series , 2 - 1 , but Kobe Bryant looked fatigued , making 11 of 25 shots and only five of 10 free throws on the way to 31 points .
He made eight of his first 11 shots but flattened badly after a three - pointer a few minutes into the second quarter .
Advertisement
After the final seconds melted away , Bryant lowered his head and stared at the court as he walked toward the locker room .
Right behind him , Pau Gasol ( 23 points ) untucked his jersey in a frustrated huff and shook his head .
This is n’t serious , but it ’s now a series .
The Lakers can blame a defense that bothered Dwight Howard in the first two games but was as pliant as could be in Game 3 .
All five Orlando starters made at least half their shots , as did sixth man Mickael Pietrus , a formula for a Finals victory if ever there was one .
Advertisement
“ We lost this game in the defensive end , ” Bryant said .
Howard made five of six shots , Rashard Lewis was eight for 14 , Hedo Turkoglu made seven of 12 , and it went on and on and on .
The Lakers had actually seen something like this before in their history , when the Chicago Bulls shot 61.7 % against them in Game 2 of the 1991 Finals , a mark that is now only second - best in Finals history .
Not everybody on the Lakers was disappointed with the effort .
Advertisement
“ Nothing was wrong , ” forward Trevor Ariza said .
“ They were just making shots .
They were hitting tough shots and they played really well in the first half . ”
Orlando shot an undeniably crisp 75 % in the first half , making 24 of 32 shots on the way to a 59 - 54 halftime lead .
The Magic led by as many as nine in the fourth quarter , but the Lakers were n’t quite done .
They made a solid run and tied it , 99 - 99 , when Gasol made two free throws with 2:41 to play .
With the Lakers down , 104 - 102 , Bryant lost control of the ball while dribbling near the top of the key .
Gasol fell on the ball , but Pietrus grabbed it when Gasol tried to pass it to Bryant .
Advertisement
Pietrus was then fouled by Bryant and made two free throws at the other end for a 106 - 102 lead with 28.7 seconds left .
The Lakers missed four three - point attempts in the final 24 seconds , all of them on the same possession .
Thinking big picture , the Lakers still hold a one - game lead .
No need for panic , they said .
“ You are talking to a confident group , ” said Lamar Odom , who had 11 quiet points and only two rebounds .
“ We played everything to win this year and we are going to lose some .
Tonight , we got outplayed for a long period of time .
If that game had two minutes more on the clock , it could have gone either way . ”
Advertisement
Howard and Lewis each had 21 points , and Rafer Alston had 20 after totaling only 10 in the first two games .
It was practically a must - win situation for the Magic , seeing how no team had ever come back from a 3 - 0 deficit to win an NBA series .
So the Magic treated a vocal crowd to the first Finals victory in franchise history .
Like the Lakers , Orlando players were n’t claiming any significant change in status after Game 3 .
Advertisement
“ This is good for the franchise to obviously get the first win in the NBA Finals , but we ’re still down 2 - 1 , ” Lewis said .
“ We ’re excited about being at home , playing at home .
We think our crowd really does give us extra energy . ”
The Lakers , who have now lost seven road games in a row in the Finals , were the energetic ones in the first quarter .
That ’s when Bryant had 17 points on seven - for - 10 shooting and also had three assists .
He also had the 11th four - point play in Finals history , making a three - pointer from the right side and an ensuing free throw after being fouled by Pietrus with 30 seconds left in the first quarter .
Bryant had only 10 points in the second half , however .
Advertisement
“ This is not a cupcake team , ” he said of Orlando .
Indeed , it was a sweet night for the Magic .
--
mike.bresnahan@latimes.com
Boeing Co. ended months of speculation Thursday by picking Chicago as its new corporate home .
Following wide - spread speculation , the aerospace giant confirmed it has picked the Windy City as the site of its new headquarters in what the chairman and chief executive Phil Condit called a tough call .
" It was a very difficult decision and no single factor made the difference , " Mr. Condit said in a statement .
Story continues below advertisement
" In the end , we looked at all the data and made what we believe is the right choice for Boeing . "
The move is expected to take place by Sept.
4 . Boeing 's new headquarter will be located at 100 North Riverside Plaza in Chicago .
The announcement had been widely expected , following a report in the Seattle Post - Intelligencer in its overnight edition that the aerospace giant - which stunned the industry in March with plans to leave Seattle - had picked the windy city as the new site for its corporate headquarters .
When Boeing announced in March that it would leave Seattle , it said its new headquarters would be located in one of three cities : Chicago , Denver or Dallas .
According to the report , Boeing Chairman Phil Condit had planned to fly to Chicago Thursday morning with a number of company officials .
The move took on the air of a covert mission , with Boeing executives filing their flight plan only after they took off , so that their destination would n't be known in advance .
From the air , they planned to contact officials from the two losing cities to thank them and inform them of their choice .
An e-mail was then to go out to company staff while the jet is in the air and Mr. Condit would telephone Illinois Governor George Ryan from the plane .
Boeing rocked both the aviation industry and Seattle in March by announcing that it was leaving the city where it has been based for 60 years as part of a broad restructuring .
Story continues below advertisement
With competition and other pressures squeezing growth in its two core business lines , commercial and defence aircraft , Boeing said it would expand into several new , faster - growing service businesses - including Internet services for air travellers , aircraft servicing and space communications .
The company will keep its factories and its design and development facilities in the Seattle area .
The company has said that the move is intended to save money and establish a headquarters more centrally located to its far - flung operations .
Hundreds of flights daily at O'Hare International Airport will allow Boeing to keep the corporate office in touch its operations in 26 states .
Mr. Ryan also offered $ 6 - million ( U.S. ) to $ 7.5 - million in tax incentives .
Boeing , which is expected to earn about $ 4.5 - billion this year , could also receive 15 years of state income tax credits , estimated at $ 40 - million to $ 45 - million .
In announcing its decision , Boeing said all three potential sites were subject to extensive evaluations before the winner was picked .
" Any of these cities would have worked - including Seattle if it were n't collocted with our commercial airplanes headquarters , " Boeing senior vice president John Warner , who led the selection process , said .
Story continues below advertisement
" We would recommend highly that other firms on a similar quest put these four cities on their short list . "
The government is to wipe clean its DNA database .
That was the headline , although careful reading suggests that not all will be lost .
What is lost , or missing from this debate , is the view of those who believe that this craven act , in response to a European court ruling , weighs the criminal justice system even more towards the thug and against the decent citizen .
So this blog carries a health warning .
I am in favour of the police keeping records of people like me who are not criminals and who have everything to gain from being part of a national DNA database which would catch many murderous suspects and bring their trail to a safe conclusion .
Look what the figures tell us .
I asked the Home Office back in March 2006 for the number of major crimes solved due the use of the police DNA database .
Thanks to an amendment to the Police and Criminal Evidence Act in 1984 , which came into force in 2001 – so we are talking about a fairly short period of time – 8,493 profiles of individuals have been linked to crime scenes involving 13,964 offences .
These offences included 214 murders , 55 attempted murders , 116 rapes , 68 sexual offences , 119 aggravated burglaries and 127 supplying controlled drugs .
More recent figures are even more impressive : there are 3,100 DNA matches per month and over the period from April 1998 to March 2008 there have been more than 272,000 detections which probably would not have been made otherwise .
It is worth rereading those figures again .
The likelihood is that none of those criminals would have been found , brought to trial and sentenced had it not been for the police DNA database .
Criminals have everything to fear from this database and we innocent citizens have no such fear .
In my constituency a young mother was murdered but no one charged .
Years later the murderer set alight to the little shop which was used as the local mosque when an individual was inside .
DNA samples from this site linked back to the murder scene .
He was convicted of murder .
Would it not have been better to put the resources which are being wasted on ID cards into building up this most effective way of weighting justice in favour of effectiveness ?
Should this not have been an area where government sought a derivation from the human rights legislation so that balance of our criminal justice was kept in favour of the innocent and not the guilty ?
What about a movement by those of use who would quite happily offer our DNA sample to be included on the database ?
We have nothing to lose other than those criminals who wish us harm .
This article also appears on Frank Field 's blog
WASHINGTON 
More than a year before a twin - engine turboprop flown by Colgan Air crashed on approach to Buffalo , a Federal Aviation Administration inspector complained to his superiors about the rocky start the airline was having with that model .
The inspector , Christopher J. Monteleon , was in the cockpit when the airline got its first such plane , a Bombardier Dash 8 Q400 , and put it through a series of test flights .
Three times , he said , the pilots flew the airplane faster than the manufacturer ’s specifications allowed , but they initially refused to report this and have the plane inspected for damage .
They flew with a broken radio and did not want to write that up in the maintenance log , as the rules require , he said , because it might delay the next test flight .
And they tried three approaches to the airport in Charleston , W. Va. , and “ botched ” all of them , failing to get the plane at an appropriate altitude , on the right path and at the right speed for landing .
“ They got confused , ” Mr. Monteleon said in a recent interview , as he recalled the test flights in January 2008 .
But when he reported problems to his F.A.A. superiors , he was suspended from important portions of his job overseeing Colgan ’s acquisition of the Dash 8 and given a desk job , he said .
Mr. Monteleon has had other run-ins with his bosses , and is currently on paid leave because , he said , managers accused him of menacing an agency lawyer .
Mr. Monteleon ’s complaints about Colgan , which he repeated three months later to the Office of Special Counsel , a federal agency established to hear whistle - blower complaints , foreshadowed some of the issues that emerged 13 months later at the National Transportation Safety Board hearings on the crash near Buffalo , on Feb. 12 , 2009 .
Colgan crews were flying fatigued , Mr. Monteleon said , and were not fully focused on the tasks in front of them , two factors apparently in play in the Buffalo crash .
All 49 people on board the flight , which took off from Newark , were killed , along with one man on the ground .
While the safety board usually takes about a year to issue a final report on crashes like the one in Buffalo , its hearings in early May made it clear that the quality of the F.A.A. ’s regulation of Colgan was one of the areas under investigation .
The F.A.A. insists that it took Mr. Monteleon seriously in the months before the crash .
A spokeswoman for the F.A.A. , Laura J. Brown , said that after Mr. Monteleon made his allegations , the agency called in a team made up of inspectors from around the country , who could review the issues with an impartial eye .
They recommended some changes in F.A.A. procedures , she said , which were carried out , but did not find any “ major regulatory issues . ”
Mr. Monteleon was not punished , she said , and privacy laws limited what she could say about “ personnel issues . ”
Image Workers removed debris from the site of a Colgan Air crash in February near Buffalo .
A later hearing focused on pilot fatigue .
Credit ... David Duprey / Associated Press
A spokesman for Colgan , Joe F. Williams , said , “ Mr. Monteleon ’s claims against us are baseless . ”
“ Colgan met or exceeded every single F.A.A. requirement necessary to add the Q400 to its fleet prior to beginning operations , ” he said .
The Office of Special Counsel does not settle safety issues but sends them on to the inspector general of the department in question if it finds a “ substantial likelihood ” that that they are at least partly accurate .
The office did send Mr. Monteleon ’s complaint to the inspector general of the Transportation Department , the parent agency of the F.A.A. , but the inspector general ’s office has not completed its investigation .
The claims by Mr. Monteleon , 64 , a 40 - year veteran of the aviation industry who joined the F.A.A. in 1997 , rely mostly on documents he himself wrote when the events occurred , and on his memory .
Thus they are difficult for outsiders to evaluate .
But they echo a previous case of inspectors who were penalized by their supervisors who overruled them in favor of the airline .
In 2008 , two F.A.A. inspectors assigned to Southwest Airlines testified before Congress that their managers had let Southwest fly its Boeing 737s without inspections for cracks that the safety agency required .
Office managers referred to the airline as the regulatory agency ’s “ customer . ”
Top F.A.A. officials eventually conceded that the inspectors were right and the middle managers were wrong .
Mr. Monteleon said his supervisors were too “ cozy ” with Colgan , and eager to help it keep its schedule ; the airline had a contract with Continental Airlines to begin flights in the Dash 8 plane  flying as Continental Express  in a little over a month after it acquired its first plane of that type .
In one memo retained by Mr. Monteleon , his manager indicates that he was reassigned because of his “ conduct during a work - related duty ” and because “ the matter also required management to immediately respond to the operator ’s scheduling needs . ”
The operator was Colgan .
Mr. Monteleon ’s lawyer , Debra S. Katz , said the most recent charge against Mr. Monteleon , of menacing an F.A.A. lawyer , was trumped up as a way to get rid of him .
“ The F.A.A. seems bent on pushing Chris out in retaliation for his disclosures , ” she said .
She said she hoped the Office of Special Counsel would order his re-instatement .
His complaints  and his troubles  did not begin with Colgan ’s handling of the Dash 8 .
Earlier , he had a bigger job supervising Colgan , as the principal operations inspector .
But , he said , after he observed violations and deficiencies in crew training , crew fatigue and other problems , he tried to bring a case against the airline and was blocked by his F.A.A. managers .
As punishment , he said , he was demoted .
He then agreed to be transferred to the Office of Runway Safety , which was in charge of collecting and analyzing data about incidents in which planes came too close to each other on the ground .
When he got there , he complained that the office was using skewed methodology to understate the severity of safety concerns .
He said a top F.A.A. safety official testified before Congress in April 2008 , and said that the agency was making progress on improving runway safety , but , Mr. Monteleon said , the testimony was based on inaccurate statistics .
This has not been verified , either , but a 2007 report by the Government Accountability Office does note that the F.A.A. found problems itself with its 2006 runway incursion data .
In an Ideas piece , authors say unless our nation undertakes a fundamental strategic shift , both Afghanistan 's outlook and the chances of achieving America 's regional security priorities will remain grim .
Getting it right in Afghanistan
Seven and a half years after our nation went to war against the Taliban , Afghanistan has escalating violence , rising drug production , a central government hamstrung by corruption and a people struggling to survive .
Caught in the middle are tens of thousands of American troops who , despite their sacrifice and courage , have been for years executing a flawed strategy with little chance of success .
Unless our nation undertakes a fundamental strategic shift , both Afghanistan ’s outlook and the chances of achieving America ’s regional security priorities will remain grim .
Advertisement
President Barack Obama ’s supplemental spending request would provide $ 83.4 billion in funding for the ongoing operations in Iraq and Afghanistan , including increased funding for diplomatic and humanitarian efforts , particularly in Afghanistan .
These proposals echo recent comments by Obama in which he acknowledges the key role that nonmilitary initiatives must play in stabilizing Afghanistan , a clear break from the military - only approach undertaken by his predecessor .
However , the administration ’s supplemental request does not adequately reflect these diplomatic and humanitarian priorities — priorities that we believe are essential to success for U.S. security interests .
In fact , 90 percent of the supplemental request would go toward funding ongoing and increased military operations .
The remaining $ 7 billion would be divided between humanitarian , civil affairs , reconstruction and diplomatic efforts in the region .
The United States should provide additional resources for reconstruction and economic development initiatives , along with other civilian tools that will be more effective in bringing about long - term peace and stability .
One way to accomplish this would be to drop the administration ’s plan to increase existing troop levels and instead shift resources toward a “ civilian surge . ”
Our military forces could then be redirected to support these efforts , while minimizing the impression that they are serving as an indefinite occupying force .
In addition , developing a series of rigorous metrics to evaluate the progress of these efforts , and regularly reporting the results to Congress and the American public , would send a clear message that our military engagement in Afghanistan is not open - ended .
Afghanistan will not be stabilized through military might alone , as the history of the British and Soviet involvement in the country has taught .
The terrain is not suited , geographically or sociopolitically , for a large occupying force .
As a recent report by the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace noted , “ The presence of foreign troops is the most important element driving the resurgence of the Taliban . ”
In a letter to Obama , we urged his administration to develop a timeline for the redeployment of troops and military contractors , to address the humanitarian and economic needs of the Afghan people , and to more fully define the goals , objectives and benefits of U.S. involvement in Afghanistan .
Additionally , we have stated that we will oppose any additional funding for an open - ended military presence in Afghanistan .
We also have consistently worked in Congress to ensure that no permanent bases be built in Iraq and will only support fully funding the safe and timely redeployment of our troops and contractors out of Iraq .
The United States must reorient our national security policy in the region and maximize what the Obama administration has called our nation ’s “ smart power . ”
At the heart of this strategy must be a regional diplomatic surge that engages all of Afghanistan ’s neighbors as full partners in aiding the Afghan people and strengthening its central government .
While it is clear that Obama recognizes the need for a recalibrated foreign policy , his current supplemental request misses an opportunity to fully put his words into action .
We look forward to working with our congressional colleagues and the administration to develop a new diplomatic strategy for Afghanistan and the region , one that can succeed where a reliance upon military force alone would continue to fail .
Combined , the initiatives that we have called for — increased regional diplomacy , a decrease in our military presence and a focus on development efforts — provide the best chance of enabling the Afghan people to develop a stable and functioning state of their own , which cannot be used by the Taliban and other extremists to threaten the security of the U.S. or other nations .
Reps .
Barbara Lee , Maxine Waters and Lynn Woolsey , all California Democrats , are founders of the Out of Iraq Caucus .
The production will be seen at Epidaurus in Greece next month
By Tim Masters
Entertainment reporter , BBC News
Helen Mirren takes the title role in this play by Jean Racine , translated by the late Poet Laureate Ted Hughes , at the National Theatre .
Having attained Oscar glory with her performance as The Queen , Mirren tackles a very different type of queen in this blood - drenched tragedy that was first performed in 1677 .
Nicholas Hytner 's new version benefits from not just a first class cast , but a breathtaking set - a marble palace drenched in Mediterranean sunshine , with a sky of holiday brochure blue that darkens as the ghastliness unfolds .
Mirren is perfectly cast as the queen who , believing her absent husband Theseus to be dead , is consumed by lust for her young stepson Hippolytus ( Dominic Cooper ) .
' Incest and deceit '
It is a rollercoaster of a role : within minutes of her calm , veiled entrance , Mirren is on the ground - surrounded by torn - off jewellery , with tears glistening on her cheeks .
There are two standout speeches - her mad fantasy about helping Hippolytus find his way out of the Minotaur 's labyrinth and later her deranged imaginings about his love for the captive princess Aricia ( Ruth Negga ) .
" I stink of incest and deceit , " spits Mirren , as she lurches towards her doom .
There is much to enjoy in Ted Hughes ' muscular dialogue .
( His version of Phedre premiered just weeks before his death in 1998 . )
The word " monster " echoes throughout the play , almost to the point of overkill .
And beyond the words is an ambient rumble that rises ominously at key moments - giving the impression that the meddling gods of Greece are just out of view .
While Mirren 's Phedre is a focal point , significant stage time is given to her scheming nurse Oenone ( an impressive Margaret Tyzack ) and to Hippolytus and his counsellor Theramene ( John Shrapnell ) .
Tragic debate : John Shrapnel ( Theramene ) and Dominic Cooper ( Hippolytus ) Shrapnell is outstanding , particularly when he gets to deliver the classic messenger speech towards the end - full of gory hyberbole .
Cooper 's brooding Hippolytus appears to have borrowed Coldplay 's stylist and spends much of the play looking gorgeous in military chic .
At one point he strips down to a black vest top just as Phedre enters - as if to drive her that extra bit crazy .
The arrival of Theseus is a magnificent moment .
Stanley Townsend strides onto the stage like a colossus and dominates the play thereafter .
Throughout its two hours
Phedre generates a lot of nervous laughter , but ultimately leaves its audience feeling shredded .
Hytner and his cast can consider this a job well done .
Those wishing to see Mirren 's tragic queen on the big screen can do so on 25 June when the performance will be broadcast live via satellite to cinema screens around the world .
The production will also visit Epidaurus , Greece , in July .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The dollar has been the world 's reserve currency for decades China 's central bank has reiterated its call for a new reserve currency to replace the US dollar .
The report from the People 's Bank of China ( PBOC ) said a " super- sovereign " currency should take its place .
Central bank chief Zhou Xiaochuan has loudly led calls for the dollar to be replaced during the financial crisis .
The bank report called for more regulation of the countries that issue currencies that underpin the global financial system .
" An international monetary system dominated by a single sovereign currency has intensified the concentration of risk and the spread of the crisis , " the Chinese central bank said .
The dollar fell after the report was released .
The US currency dropped 1 % against the euro to $ 1.4088 , and declined 0.8 % versus the British pound to $ 1.6848 .
SDRs Mr Zhou caused a stir earlier this year when he said the dollar could eventually be replaced as the world 's main reserve currency by the Special Drawing Right ( SDR ) , which was created as a unit of account by the IMF in 1969 .
CURRENCY RESERVES
Foreign currency held by a government or a central bank Used to pay foreign debt obligations or influence exchange rates
The dollar is viewed as the world 's reserve currency as the vast majority of reserves are held in the US currency Smaller amounts are held in euros , pounds and yen
Dollar poses dilemma for China
The PBOC said in the report that not only should the world adopt the SDR , but that the IMF should be entrusted with managing a portion of its member countries ' foreign currency reserves .
" To avoid intrinsic shortcomings in using a sovereign currency as a reserve currency , we need to create an international reserve currency that is divorced from sovereign states and can maintain a stable value over the long term , " the PBOC report said .
It also issued some veiled criticism of the US policies , saying that one of the major issues was that it was difficult to balance the needs of domestic politics with the requirements of being the world 's reserve currency .
" The economic development model of debt - based consumption is most difficult to sustain , " the PBOC said .
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev recently joined Mr Zhou in saying it was time to consider an alternative benchmark currency for international debt .
But Russian finance minister Alexei Kudrin then said " it 's too early to speak of an alternative " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
IBM has announced availability of System S software that enables massive amounts of data to be analyzed in real time .
System S is based on the SPADE programming language .
SPADE , short for " Stream Processing Application Declarative Engine " , is a programming language and a compilation infrastructure specifically built for streaming systems .
It is designed to facilitate the programming of large streaming applications , as well as their efficient and effective mapping to a wide variety of target architectures , including clusters , multicore architectures , and processors such as the multicore Cell processor .
The SPADE programming language allows stream processing applications to be written with the finest granularity of operators that is meaningful to the application , and the SPADE compiler appropriately fuses operators and generates a stream processing graph to be run on the Stream Processing Core of System S .
At the same time , IBM also announced the opening of the IBM European Stream Computing Center , headquartered in Dublin , Ireland that will serve as a hub of research , customer support and advanced testing for European clients interested in stream computing .
Finally , IBM is making System S trial code available at no cost to help clients better understand the software 's capabilities and how they can take advantage of it for their business .
This trial code includes developer tools , adapters , and software to test applications .
System S is built for perpetual analytics utilizing a new streaming architecture and mathematical algorithms to create a forward - looking analysis of data from any source , narrowing down precisely what people are looking for and continuously refining the answer as additional data is made available .
For example , System S can analyze hundreds or thousands of simultaneous data streams -- stock prices , retail sales , weather reports , etc. -- and deliver nearly instantaneous analysis to business leaders who need to make split - second decisions .
The software can help all organizations that need to react to changing conditions in real time , such as government and law enforcement agencies , financial institutions , retailers , transportation companies , healthcare organizations , and more .
Traditional computing models retrospectively analyze stored data and can not continuously process massive amounts of incoming data streams that affect critical decision - making .
System S is designed to help clients become more " real - world aware , " seeing and responding to changes across complex systems .
Megatron , check .
Megan ’s ass , check .
And it ’s confirmed .
Megatron is back , the shard left over from Transformers puts something in our main character ’s mind , and Megan ’s ass looks visually stimulating when appropriately bent over :
Fossil Ida only came to light with the help of a private dealer , through a bargain struck in a Hamburg vodka bar .
Photograph : Atlantic Productions Ltd
Rumour had it there was something special in the hands of a private fossil collector who lived in the countryside on the outskirts of Frankfurt .
Jonathan Blair , a photographer working for National Geographic magazine , got in a car with his contact and drove out to take a look .
Once inside , they were ushered into the living room .
There on the wall was a beautifully preserved , nearly complete fossil of an ancient lemur - like primate .
It was almost certainly the same fossil that was unveiled to the world this week as Ida , a supposed " missing link " in the evolutionary tree .
It is 10 years since Blair saw the fossil and was told not to take pictures of it .
The remarkable specimen came to light only after the collector enlisted the help of a private dealer , Thomas Perner .
He brokered a $ 1 m ( £ 629,000 ) deal for the 47 m - year - old primate with a paleontologist from Oslo 's Natural History Museum in a vodka bar in Hamburg .
The identity of the collector remains a well - guarded secret .
" I tried to photograph it , but the guy , a dentist I think , said no .
It would have been a real headliner .
We were trying to get the scoop , but we did n't manage it .
It was all off the record , " Blair told the Guardian from his office in New York .
Scientists have yet to reach a consensus on the importance of Ida to our evolutionary history , but she has already shed light on the murky world of fossil dealing .
This is an international business , where middlemen , who often work with unnamed buyers and sellers , negotiate staggering sums of money for fossils that are sometimes of uncertain provenance and legality .
While academics spend years unearthing and characterising fossils to further our knowledge of life 's history , there are private fossil hunters driving around with picks and shovels , intent on grabbing what they can to sell to the highest bidder .
In most countries , if you find a fossil on your own land it is yours to keep , but any others belong to the state .
The law works , but only up to a point .
Private fossil hunters have been known to offer landowners derisory sums for fossils , before selling them on at vast profit .
Prime specimens , like Ida , can be kept secret and go unstudied for decades .
Often , fossils split in two during excavation and each part is sold to a different collector .
And when it comes to policing government land , there is simply too much of it to keep an eye on .
" There are people who get caught collecting on federal land , but elsewhere it is worse .
In China , a lot of specimens are collected and basically smuggled out of the country to be sold , " said John " Jack " Horner , a world - renowned paleontologist at the Museum of the Rockies in Montana .
It 's not just private hunters who fall foul of the law .
Earlier this year , a leading palaeontologist , Nate Murphy , pleaded guilty to stealing a raptor fossil worth up to $ 400,000 from federal land in the US .
In academia , there are mixed feelings about private collectors .
Some argue that they stifle scientific research , because journals wo n't publish details of fossils held in private collections .
But others concede that many collectors are legitimate and passionate about their fossils .
Without them , some specimens would undoubtedly still be lodged in the ground .
" It is certainly a problem and some very shady deals go on .
Commercial collectors sell fossils to anyone , and if private collectors buy them , then no one else knows about them , " says Horner .
" There are probably some fantastic specimens in private hands , and the owners themselves wo n't even know it .
I would be willing to bet there are archaeoptryx in private collections somewhere out there . "
Archaeopteryx is one of the most striking fossils on record .
The creature lived about 150 m years ago and is regarded as a true ­missing link between dinosaurs and modern birds .
Among fossil collectors , the specimens from the Messel pit near Darmstadt where Ida was unearthed are particularly desirable .
Many are extraordinarily well - preserved thanks to the unique conditions of the oil shale in the pit .
Blair speaks of the specimens as objects of the rarest beauty .
" The Messel stuff is gorgeous .
In some cases , you can almost feel the animal crawling up a tree or running along the ground , " he says .
The pit has proved an ancient treasure trove of exquisite pygmy horses , anteaters , tapirs , birds and bats .
Some have price tags of more than $ 200,000 .
To enthusiasts , this is not like having a private art collection .
The fossils are more prestigious than that .
Of all the ancient remains that have made it on to the open market , one had more impact on prices and fossil fakery than any other .
In the 1990s , fossil dealers were pitted against academics over the stunning remains of a Tyrannosaurus rex that was dug out of a cliff in South Dakota .
Named
Sue after its discoverer , Susan Hendrickson , the 65 m - year - old fossil sold at auction for more than $ 8 m .
" As soon as that happened , a whole bunch of people thought well , if I have a dinosaur , maybe it 'll be worth millions as well , " says Horner .
The high prices that fossils can fetch have encouraged a booming industry in fakes , many of which have originated in China .
One , known as Archaeoraptor , was covered in National Geographic in 1999 as a missing link between birds and dinosaurs .
It was later confirmed to be a fake , cobbled together by gluing a dinosaur 's tail on to a bird .
It was duly renamed Piltdown Turkey , a reference to the most famous paleontological hoax in human history .
When Blair saw the recent unveiling of Ida , he hoped the phone would ring and he would finally be on his way to photograph the fossil .
" I do n't know why someone would want it in the house .
It 's worth money , and someone is going to come and take it .
The last time I saw it , it was hanging on that wall .
That was long before they decided to call it Ida , " he says .
The latest SOCOM : Confrontation update , 1.60 , is set to be one of the best updates the title has gotten yet .
The update will feature a slew of new content , including free downloadable content .
Players will now be able to play as the The Dutch KCT and the Italian COMSUBIN Special Forces .
Also , new weapons will be available with the two new forces , and other new weapons will be available regardless what faction you ’re in .
FREE Downloadable Content :
We are happy to announce that the 1.60 Update will also contain additional features and content .
We ’ve heard your requests for new content and we are happy to provide free downloadable content with the 1.60 update .
The following free Downloadable Content will be available to all players :
New Special Forces : The Dutch KCT and the Italian COMSUBIN Special Forces .
Each Force includes new heads and voice + a light , medium and heavy variant of their own torso and legs ( each with a unique camouflage pattern ) .
Two new primary weapons will be immediately accessible to players who select to play as the new Special Forces ; the 417 assault rifle for the Dutch KCT and the SPAS 15 shotgun for the Italian COMSUBIN Special Forces .
Four new weapons will be available to all players regardless of assigned Special Force .
These are the 9 mm Sub Machine Gun , M82A1A , Ak - 74 and SR - 25 .
The 1.60 will also include a number of weapon updates and adjustments to existing weapons .
In addition to the free DLC included with the 1.60 update we are also working to add 100 % Random Medleys in the 1.60 update .
We know this is a highly requested feature and we really want to get it out to you .
Yesterday 10 year treasury yields went soaring and the mortgage market literally seized up .
Mark Hanson at the Field Check Group has this report that I can share .
As Bad As You Can Imagine
With respect to yesterday ’s episode in the mortgage market -- yes , it is as bad as you can imagine .
Yesterday , the mortgage market was so volatile that banks and mortgage bankers across the nation issued multiple midday price changes for the worse , leading many to ultimately shut down the ability to lock loans around 1 pm PST .
This is not uncommon over the past five months , but not that common either .
Lenders that maintained the ability to lock loans had rates UP as much as 75 bps in a single day .
A good friend in the center of all of the mortgage capital markets turmoil said to me yesterday “ feels like they [ the Fed ] have lost the battle ... pretty obvious from the start but kind of scary to live through it ... today felt like LTCM with respect to liquidity ” .
The negative consequences of 5.5 % rates are enormous .
Because of capacity issues and the long timeline to actually fund a loan very few borrowers ever got the 4.25 % to 4.75 % perceived to be the prevailing rate range for everyone A significant percentage of loan applications ( refis particularly ) in the pipeline are submitted to the lender without a rate lock .
This is because consumers are incented by much better pricing to lock for a short period of time … 12 - 15 day rate locks carry the best rates by a long shot .
But to get this short - term rate lock , the loan has to be complete enough to draw loan documents , which has been taking 45 - 75 days over the past several months depending upon the lender ’s timeline .
Therefore , millions of refi applications presently in the pipeline , on which lenders already spent a considerably amount of time and money processing , will never fund .
Furthermore , many of these ‘ applicants ’ with loans in process were awaiting the magical 4.5 % rate before they lock -- a large percentage of these suddenly died yesterday .
To make matters worse , after 90 - days much of the paperwork ( much taken at the date of application ) within the file becomes stale - dated and has to be re-done with new dates -- if rates do n’t come down quickly many will have to be cancelled out of the lender ’s system .
To add insult to mortal injury , unless this spike in rates corrects quickly , a large percentage of unlocked purchases and refis will have to be denied because at the higher interest rate level , borrowers do not qualify any longer .
For the final groin kicker , a 5.5 % rate just does not benefit nearly as many people as a 4.5 % - 5 % rate does .
Millions already have 5.25 % to 5.75 % fixed rates left over from 2002 - 2006 .
This is a perfect example of why the weekly Mortgage Applications Index is an unreliable indicator of future loan fundings and has been for a year and a half .
As a matter of fact you will see this index crumble over the next few weeks at the same disproportional rate as it increased over the past several months if rates do n’t settle lower quickly .
With respect to banks , mortgage banks , servicers etc , under - hedging a potential sell - off with the Fed supposedly having everybody ’s back was a common theme .
Banks could lose their entire Q2 mortgage banking earnings and middle market mortgage banker may never recover or immediately have to close shop .
Lastly , consider sentiment -- this is a real killer .
This massive rate spike may have invalidated hundreds of billions spent to rig the mortgage market literally overnight .
This leaves the mortgage and housing market very vulnerable .
Mortgage loan officers around the country are having a very bad day today explaining to their clients why their rate was not locked and how rates are going to come right back down .
They will not feel like getting too aggressive taking new loan applications at least for the next month unless this corrects quickly .
We have to see where all this settles over the next few days before making a near to mid-term call on the outright damage because at this point , Fed or Treasury shock and awe is almost certain .
Another common theme has been ‘ if it does n’t work throw much more money at it ’ .
Obviously they have been following this closely for the past few weeks , as conditions started to deteriorate , and have likely been waiting to see where the upper range was before shocking in order to get maximum benefit … that would be a humongous short squeeze in Bonds .
The problem is …if they do shock her and it is sold into with the same fury that we have been seeing , there may not be an act two .
Treasuries Massacred
Rates fell from 5.5 to 5.375 on intervention rumors this morning but are now back to 5.5 .
If rates stay in the mid 5's , new loan applications will quickly dry up .
Clarksville - Montgomery County just came out of an interesting election season with last years Kurita vs Barnes State Senate Campaign , and the Obama vs McCain Presidential Race .
As such one would expect that the next election cycle would be well , more laid back .
Well you can forget that right now .
Greg Rabidoux has declared his intent to run for the Democratic nomination to face Republican Congresswoman Marsha Blackburn in the upcoming 2010 elections for the 7th district seat .
This promises to be one interesting race .
The initial exchange hints at the future intensity in store for this campaign .
According to the Memphis Commercial Appeal , Marsha Blackburn ’s office released this statement :
November 2010 is a long way off .
Between now and then , Marsha is focused on an ambitious agenda on behalf of her 7th District constituents .
She will gladly defend her record against whomever emerges from the Democratic primary .
This is Dr. Rabidoux ’s response :
I appreciate that Marsha Blackburn has already indicated that she will gladly defend her record during this campaign .
We welcome her willingness to do so and will provide her with ample opportunities to defend her record .
We only hope that she does not choose to defend her record solely through her spokesperson or scripted press releases .
The people of the 7th District , especially in these critical economic times deserve to see for themselves , up close and personal , who is best qualified to lead them to the future .
He was most emphatic on this point , “ We need a moderate voice , we need a reasonable voice , one that will bring more effective leadership , and lets face it , to work with the majority in the House and Senate , and our President so that as Tennesseans , we are not on the outside looking in , but we have a seat and a voice at the table , when key decisions are made . ”
Hollywood Politicos , Then and Now
Dr. Rabidoux is the author of Hollywood Politicos , Then and Now : Who They Are , What They Want , Why It Matters ( Rowman & Littlefield , 2009 ) .
His book takes a look at the political activism of Hollywood celebrities and associated organizations .
It covers early Hollywood unionism like the creation of the Screen Actors Guild and the Screen Writers Guild , as well as the actors and directors who organized against Nazism and Franco ’s Spanish activists during World War II .
The author discusses the special role that Hollywood played during the war years and then moves on to “ celebrity - centered ” activism , with the notable examples during the 1960s and 1970s of Charlton Heston , Marlon Brando , Barbara Streisand , Warren Beatty , and Jane Fonda .
The main portion of the book profiles contemporary activism by current Hollywood stars , including Angelina Jolie , Michael J. Fox , Ashley Judd , and George Clooney .
The author examines their political agendas and activism , as well as their impact on today ’s American political landscape and policy - making in Washington , D.C. Using facts , figures , lighthearted commentary and trivia , this book provides a political and historical perspective on the nature of our society ’s reverence for stars and what it may say about us as a democratic society .
– University Press of America
It definitely should be on any politics junkie ’s reading list .
About Greg Rabidoux
Dr. Rabidoux is the youngest of three children .
He and his wife Mara have one son , Valentin .
Dr Rabidoux is currently a professor at Austin Peay State University where he teaches politics and law , and heads up the university ’s pre law program .
His wife Mara , a former NCAA Division I All - American tennis player , teaches Spanish at APSU .
For most of his adult life , he worked full - time while attending school at nights .
He received his B.A. from the University of Connecticut in political science and journalism , his Masters degree from American University in Washington DC in public policy .
He earned his PH.D from the University of Wisconsin at Milwaukee in American Government , and his JD from Marquette University Law School .
He has practiced law and is a certified professional mediator , having mediated for the US EEOC .
After completing his M.A. degree he worked for a US House of Representatives Member and later for the United Nations in New York .
Rabidoux writes a regular weekly column on politics for The All State Newspaper and on - line editions , and has been published in such publications as The National Jurist , USA Today and Reader ’s Digest .
He is a lifelong Democrat and currently a member of the Montgomery / Clarksville Democratic Party and State of Tennessee Democratic Party .
He serves on the Board of Directors for the Arts and Heritage Development Council of Clarksville , Tennessee which sponsors this year ’s ( Summer 2009 ) Writers Conference and Tobacco Heritage Tour .
Greg and Mara are Christian , and members of the Clarksville YMCA .
Contact the campaign
You can find more information on the Rabidoux campaign at his web site .
You can email him , follow his campaign via twitter , or facebook , and make campaign contributions via his Act Blue Page .
You can also contact them via postal mail :
Rabdidoux4Congress
P.O. Box 3173
Clarksville , TN 37043
Related Stories
Sections
Topics
Return to Transcripts main page
CNN NEWSROOM
President 's Health Care Push ; Debating Coverage and Costs ; The Streets of Tehran
Aired June 25 , 2009 - 10:59 ET
THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT .
THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED .
TONY HARRIS , CNN ANCHOR : And good morning , everyone .
It is Thursday , June 25th , and here are the top stories in the CNN NEWSROOM .
President Obama 's health care overhaul .
He gets support at a rally outside the Capitol this hour .
Inside , your lawmakers try to come up with a health care fix .
The brutality of the crackdown .
Safely out of Iran , our CNN correspondent tells me what he saw on the streets of Tehran .
A rising Republican governor stumbles on his way to the national stage .
Does South Carolina 's Mark Sanford have a political future after his long distant sex scandal ?
Good morning , everyone .
I 'm Tony Harris .
And you are in the CNN NEWSROOM .
The debate over the future of your health care playing out on several fronts today and on television last night , and we are covering it from all angles .
A group pushing for reform holds a rally later this hour .
A House panel holding a hearing right now behind the scenes .
OK , that 's the hearing room .
Behind the scenes , congressional negotiators are debating the plans , , how to trim the cost and how to pay for reform .
Last night , President Obama made his case in a televised forum .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
BARACK H. OBAMA , PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES :
If we are smart , we should be able to design a system in which people still have choices of doctors and choices of plans that make sure that the necessary treatment is provided , but we do n't have a huge amount of waste in the system , that we are providing adequate coverage for all people , and that we are driving down costs over the long term .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
HARRIS : White House Correspondent Suzanne Malveaux begins our coverage .
And Suzanne , this recent push by the president seems to really underscore , does n't it , just how high a priority health care is to this administration ?
SUZANNE MALVEAUX , CNN WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT :
Yes , it was really fascinating , Tony , to watch .
I mean , allowing a town hall to occur in the president 's own parlor , as well as the living room of the White House , is really quite unusual , even extraordinary , if you think about it .
This really underscores the president 's lengths that he 's going to move forward on health care reform .
What did we hear ?
We did n't hear a lot of new things , per se , but we did hear a real emphasis , an emphasis on trying to offer this kind of alternative , a government - run , government - created insurance program that would compete with these private insurance companies , offer more options .
Now , this is something that the president says is going to ultimately drive down the spiraling cost of health care .
There are a number of decisions -- there are a number of options , rather , that he has come up with .
Some of them deal with building up revenue ; others with cutting costs , costs to Medicare , Medicaid , as well as the hospitals .
Here 's something the president said last night that struck me .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
OBAMA : What I 've said is , let 's change the system so that our overall cost curve starts going down by investing in a range of things -- prevention , health I.T. , et cetera .
We will have some up - front costs , and the estimates , as Charlie has said , have been anywhere from $ 1 trillion to $ 2 trillion .
But what we said is , what my administration has said , what I 've have said , is that whatever it is that we do , we pay for .
So it does n't add to our deficit .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
MALVEAUX : Tony , there 's some controversial proposals that obviously he 's talking about when he 's talking about paying for this -- looking at the wealthiest Americans , perhaps limiting the amount of itemized deductions when you file your taxes that you can actually write off , that that would be limited in some way , or even taking a look at those tax - free health benefits and putting a cap on that , saying wealthiest Americans will not be able to have all of their health benefits tax free .
These are just some of the proposals , Tony , that obviously the president realizes is going to take a big push , a big effort , and we saw part of that last night .
HARRIS : Boy .
All right .
At the White House for us last night , where a lot of the action is taking place , Suzanne Malveaux for us .
Suzanne , appreciate it .
Thank you .
Now to Capitol Hill , where the heavy lifting on health care reform is really taking place .
While the hearings go on before the cameras , lawmakers are meeting behind closed doors , trying to work out details on coverage and cost control .
And debate continues over some kind of government insurance .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
REP .
TRENT FRANKS ( R ) , ARIZONA :
If you think health care is expensive now , wait until it 's free .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
HARRIS : Congressional Correspondent Brianna Keilar is following negotiations on the Hill .
Brianna , a lot to get to here .
What are the Democrats trying to do to get the costs down , cost containment here ?
BRIANNA KEILAR , CNN CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT :
Well , generally , what we know , Tony , is the Senate Finance Committee is meeting behind closed doors right now , and they are trying to get those costs down by tinkering with the numbers .
They call it dialing back .
So , really , they put out a proposal , and we learned that it was going to cost $ 1.6 trillion , according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office .
A huge number .
We know that they have dialed around some of these numbers and they have gotten it down to $ 1.2 trillion as they crunch numbers with the Congressional Budget Office .
But they still have about $ 200 billion more that they want to cut .
And Tony , we 're keeping such an eye on this meeting that is going on behind closed doors .
We have producers outside of the room there trying to figure out what 's going on , waiting for any new developments , because this is really seen as the best chance for bipartisan agreement on health care reform .
HARRIS : And Brianna , the real question is , how do they pay for whatever they agree on ?
KEILAR : We found out yesterday from the chairman of this committee , Max Baucus , that one of the ideas gaining traction is one that you and I have talked about before , Tony , and that 's taxing employer - provided heath benefits .
So that idea is gaining attraction .
And Baucus also said that President Obama told him he is flexible to this idea .
That 's a pretty big deal , Tony , because as you know , President Obama , on the campaign trail , really railed against Senator John McCain when he proposed that very idea .
HARRIS : And , you know , is there some sort of -- did you mention the co-op idea that 's emerging ?
KEILAR : Yes .
This is the committee that is looking at this idea of a health co-op , credit unions , pharm ( ph ) co-ops .
It would operate in a similar way , at least generally speaking , as we understand .
It would be governed by patients who receive the very care that the health co-op and the very insurance that the health co-op provides .
We do understand this is gaining traction there , but we 're trying to work out the details here .
The reason we 're watching this , Tony , is because for almost all Republicans , and for quite a few Democrats , even , in the Senate , that idea of a public option , the government - run insurance plan is really a nonstarter .
And so that 's what these senators are tinkering with , this idea of a co-op .
HARRIS : As we continue to try to stay inside the room with this debate , are you getting a sense that there is some kind of final version of a plan emerging ?
KEILAR : Well , we 've gotten the sense that they 're moving towards something because we heard yesterday the words " coalesce , " " gaining traction , " so they 're starting to make some progress on the idea of how to pay for it .
And , you know , they 're crunching these numbers to bring the costs down .
They say they 're going to bring it down , there 's no doubt about that .
So what we 're really trying to figure out is exactly the details of , what this is going to look like ?
If they 're putting out a co-op , what exactly is it going to look like ?
So there 's still a lot to be sorted out , Tony , but they do seem to be moving in that direction .
HARRIS : All right .
You say there 's the public meeting going on , and then there 's the private meeting .
It sounds as though , you know , we 're getting close to something here .
It sounds like a lot of the hard work has been going on .
It is -- to use that word you mentioned just a moment ago , it 's starting to coalesce .
Hey , Brianna , if you get any new developments -- it sounds like maybe we might in the next couple of hours -- give us a heads up .
Brianna Keilar on Capitol Hill .
KEILAR : That is certainly why we 're loitering outside this room -- Tony .
HARRIS : All right , Brianna .
Appreciate it .
Thank you .
" Defiance but nervous , " that 's how one resident of Iran 's capital city is describing the mood there today .
A ceremony to remember the victims of the post-election protests postponed .
CNN 's Ivan Watson is at our Iran desk .
And Ivan , detail , if you would , all of this that 's taking place .
And what are you hearing out of Iran at this hour ?
IVAN WATSON , CNN CORRESPONDENT :
Well ,
Tony , we 've been getting disturbing reports of family members , parents , for example , going from police stations to Tehran 's main Evin prison , where political prisoners are normally kept , looking for missing loved ones -- sons , daughters who may have been arrested over the course of the last 10 days of turmoil in the streets .
In the meantime , the parents of a Greek British freelance journalist who sometimes contributed to " The Washington Times , " Iason Athanasiadis , they are calling for his release .
You see him here .
The Greek Foreign Ministry also calling for his release , as well as the media watchdog agency Reporters Without Borders , which has gone on to say that some 59 Iranian journalists have been rounded up and arrested over the past several days , since June 14th -- Tony .
HARRIS : Wow .
And Ivan , the statement now attributed to Iran 's president taking on the West and President Obama , detail that for us .
WATSON : Well , he definitely slammed Barack Obama 's recent criticism of Iran 's bloody crackdown on these opposition protests .
Let 's take a look at what he said .
Here he 's shown speaking to a meeting of petroleum industry workers , and his quote on Iranian - state TV , " We do n't expect much from British governments and other European governments whose records and background are known for everybody and have no dignity .
But I wonder why Mr. Obama , who has come with the slogan of change has fallen into this trap and has taken the same route that Bush took and experienced its consequences . "
Now , we also talked to Iran 's ambassador to Mexico .
He gave an interview to CNN Espanol , and he basically compared the demonstrators that we saw on the streets to terrorists .
Let 's take a listen to what he said .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
MOHAMMAD HASSAN GHADIRI , IRANIAN AMBASSADOR TO MEXICO ( through translator ) :
Now when someone comes with rocks , or even a weapon , or Molotov cocktail , and intends to attack various centers , people 's houses , can we call this only opposition ?
As long as opposition behaves peacefully , it will be treated peacefully .
But once it enters violence and intends to impose its opinion on the majority , and especially when it is under the influence or intrigue or affiliation with countries that are enemies of Iran , it 's natural that we will confront it .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
WATSON : So , there you have it , Tony , the Iranian government 's version of what has been taking place .
One , the demonstrators on the streets are terrorists .
And two , Western governments are making this problem worse -- Tony .
HARRIS : OK .
We 've asking for a statement .
Now we have a statement .
Ivan , appreciate it .
Thank you .
So , what is the next step in this crisis with the government and for the opposition ?
Our Reza Sayah , who has dual American / Iranian citizenship , is with us here in Atlanta , on the set with us here .
And he was our correspondent in Iran .
But abruptly left after you were essentially given an ultimatum .
I know you have been talking about that throughout the morning .
Reza , good to see you .
REZA SAYAH , CNN CORRESPONDENT : Good to see you .
Good to be here , Tony .
HARRIS : You know , maybe we can get to the press restrictions in just a moment , but I 'm just sort of curious -- personal reflections time here .
Have you reflected on what you have borne witness to ?
As I recall , you arrived in Tehran after the election .
SAYAH : The day after .
HARRIS : And at the start of the protest rallies .
SAYAH : Exactly .
When I drove to the hotel from the airport , things were unfolding .
It was late Saturday night .
HARRIS : What have you borne witness to ?
SAYAH : Well , I mean , it 's been a whirlwind of 24 hours , so I have n't had much time to reflect , but what we witnessed was something significant .
This was the most aggressive , most sustained dissent against the Islamic Republic of Iran in its 30 - year history .
And this is the biggest challenge that this regime has faced .
And what we are getting a glimpse of , a rare glimpse of how the Iranian government responds when its stranglehold on power is in jeopardy .
And clearly , their strategy is a vicious crackdown .
By any means necessary , they want to hold on to power , and we 've seen that over the past couple of weeks .
HARRIS : Does this government care at all about the view of the outside world , what the outside world thinks of what is going on inside that country right now ?
SAYAH : Well , they are convinced .
They believe that the outside world , including the foreign media , including foreign governments , Washington , the U.K. , are conspiring to incite violence and destabilize the Islamic republic .
And when you believe something like they do , it 's tough to extract that conviction out .
And they really believe this .
And that 's why they 've made a campaign , launched an effort to get rid of international journalists , to snuff out those voices , and strategically , systemically through their state - run agencies , put out their own message .
HARRIS : But Reza , you know , this is not a country in total isolation here .
This is a country with trade agreements with Russia and China .
At some point , does Iran have to explain to its trading partners , the people -- the countries that it does business within the world , what the heck has been going on here ?
SAYAH : After these couple of weeks , certainly .
Even with its allies , it 's going to have to explain what 's happening .
HARRIS : Yes .
SAYAH : This is a government that has recently boasted about its democratic ways , about its democracy .
But certainly , what we 've seen in the past couple weeks has n't been democracy .
This is n't a government that 's serving its people based on what we 're seeing , because these are people peacefully protesting , but they 're followed a vicious crackdown .
HARRIS : Well , has the dissent , in your view , been crushed by the crackdown , or has it deepened the resolve in the people there for some kind of a change ?
SAYAH : It 's too early to tell .
I think in the days to come , in the weeks to come , we 're going to find out .
But based on what I 've seen in the past four days , this very aggressive , determined crackdown has put fear , reluctance in the mind of protesters .
We have spoken to them in the past four days .
We have always spoken to them .
Are you going ?
Where are you going ?
In the past four days when I was there , when I asked them that , I sensed the reluctance and the fear , because some of the beatings that we saw were absolutely vicious .
And now I think the key is what the opposition leaders , specifically Mir Hossein Mousavi , what type of guidance he provides for these protesters .
HARRIS : Well , it 's great to have you back .
And perhaps we 'll get another opportunity to talk to you , and we can talk about the restrictions you were working under , but I know you 're working all the CNN platforms for us .
But it 's great to have you back .
SAYAH : Good to be back .
HARRIS : Still to come in the NEWSROOM , South Carolina 's governor says his vanishing act was covering up an affair .
Now that he has reappeared , will his political career disappear ?
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
HARRIS : And checking the latest on Iran 's post-election protests , video here from demonstrations in Tehran .
Security forces blocking anti-government demonstrators .
CNN cannot confirm the day the video was shot .
The ceremony today to remember victims of these two weeks of protests postponed , according to the Web site of presidential candidate Mehdi Karubi .
Opposition leader Mir Hossein Mousavi's
Web site claims 70 university teachers were arrested after he met with them yesterday .
CNN has not been able to verify that .
Mousavi's
Web site also says he is being pressured to drop his challenge to the election .
He admits the affair .
Today , questions surround South Carolina governor Mark Sanford .
Did taxpayers pay for trips to Argentina , where he carried on a year - long extramarital fling ?
And does this rising Republican star have a future in politics ?
He 's been mentioned as a possible presidential candidate in 2012 .
Here is National Political Correspondent Jessica Yellin .
( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE )
JESSICA YELLIN , CNN NATIONAL POLITICAL CORRESPONDENT ( voice - over ) :
After triggering a national guessing game over his disappearance , Governor Mark Sanford admitted , yes , he skipped town to be in the arms of a mistress .
GOV .
MARK SANFORD ( R ) , SOUTH CAROLINA :
The bottom line is this : I 've been unfaithful to my wife .
I developed a relationship with a -- what started as a dear , dear friend from Argentina .
YELLIN : From the governor , who repeatedly called himself a man of faith , there were recriminations .
SANFORD : I hurt her .
I hurt you all .
I hurt my wife .
I hurt my boys .
YELLIN : Tears and quite a few details about how his eight - year e-mail relationship with a female friend in Argentina recently ignited .
SANFORD : About a year ago , it sparked into something more than that .
I have seen her three times since then during that whole sparking thing .
YELLIN : The jaunt to Argentina was doubly confusing since Sanford 's press secretary had announced they made contact with the governor and he was hiking the Appalachian Trail , which does not stretch to Argentina .
The governor admits he misled his staff .
SANFORD : I would also apologize to my staff , because as much as I did talk about going to the Appalachian Trail , and that was one of the original scenarios that I 'd thrown out to Mary Neil ( ph ) , that is n't where I ended up .
And so I let them down by creating a fiction with regard to where I was going .
YELLIN : His only justification , human frailty and exhaustion after fighting over the stimulus package .
SANFORD : What I have found in this job is that one desperately needs a break from the bubble .
YELLIN : Sanford 's wife Jenny admits the two just separated .
In a statement , she writes , " To maintain my dignity , self - respect , and my basic sense of right and wrong , I asked my husband to leave two weeks ago . "
But , she says , " I believe Mark has earned a chance to resurrect our marriage . "
( END VIDEOTAPE )
HARRIS : Jessica Yellin joining us live now from Washington .
Jessica , good to see you .
What about these reports that Sanford used taxpayer money to go to Argentina , at least once ?
YELLIN : Well , CNN has confirmed that there was one trip a year ago when he was on a commerce delegation to Argentina , met with leadership there on trade relations .
And , you know , he said that this relationship began a year ago .
What 's striking about this , Tony , is that the hallmark of Sanford 's public / political career has been about reducing the risk of taxpayer money .
He has been basically super cheap .
He believes in not spending whenever possible .
So there would be a deep irony here if we found out he was actually visiting a mistress on the taxpayer dime and if there were other trips .
HARRIS : Yes .
Well , Jessica , for lots of Americans , this is really the first they 've heard of Mark Sanford .
Why was he considered a rising star in the Republican Party ?
YELLIN : Because of his deep commitment to fiscal responsibility , what we were just talking about .
And because he 's a man who has this experience as a chief executive in his own state , who 's really held the line .
He was the one governor who stood up to the stimulus package and , as unpopular as his position was in his own state and nationally , he said he did n't think Americans should be contributing to the deficit .
So , that 's sort of the standard model that the Republican Party and the main has wanted to return to .
He has stood for that , publicly , and there was a view that he could be one of the leaders of the future .
If it does n't knock him out of the governor 's office , which I 'm not convinced it will , I do think it has severely dimmed his chances of seeking further national office .
HARRIS : Yes .
Our National Political Correspondent Jessica Yellin .
Jessica , we do n't see you enough in these hours .
We need to do something about it .
YELLIN : I love being with you , Tony .
HARRIS : Yes .
Let 's do that .
YELLIN : OK .
HARRIS : Jessica , thanks .
You know , this is n't the first time Governor Sanford has spoken out about lying and cheating .
Just wait until you hear what he said about then - President Clinton during the Lewinsky scandal .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
HARRIS : Iran 's capital city said to be calm but on edge today , the day after more bloody demonstrations .
Boy , oh , boy .
An ugly scene in Tehran yesterday .
Security forces crushing the latest protest against presidential election results .
A ceremony today remembering victims of the demonstrations has been postponed , according to the Web site of one of the defeated presidential candidates .
President Obama 's call to public service is being heard at a school in Harlem .
As CNN 's Richard Roth reports , students there are deciding how money donated by UNICEF will be spent in the Democratic Republic of Congo .
( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE )
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : I was an ambassador to the United Nations , ambassador ...
RICHARD ROTH , CNN CORRESPONDENT
( voice - over ) :
This was a gymnasium , not the U.N. General Assembly .
The children are from the Harlem Children 's Zone , a nonprofit school in a community with generations of problems .
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE :
Young people in this country have a great generosity and a great capacity , even when they have tough times themselves , to understand and be interested in the circumstances of kids and other parts of the world .
ROTH : This school , in a community where 70 percent are born into poverty , is a New York success story .
Now a chance to hear how to help others in another continent .
UNIDENTIFIED MALE :
You know , occasionally , a child will get shot .
ROTH : UNICEF provided the sometimes grim show and tell .
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : Every day around the world , 25,000 children die from causes we know how to prevent .
ROTH :
These students will get to help by choosing which humanitarian items to send to Congo from $ 10,000 donated by UNICEF .
( on camera ) :
So you are going to determine what kind of help people get in Congo .
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Yes .
ROTH : That 's a pretty big responsibility .
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : I know , and I think we can handle it .
CATHERINE PABON , STUDENT : I 'll do whatever I it takes to help those people , because they need help .
ROTH ( voice - over ) : Richard Roth , CNN , New York .
( END VIDEOTAPE )
HARRIS : You hear that ?
A big responsibility , I think we can handle it .
If you 'd like to learn more about the Harlem Children 's Zone school or how you can impact your world , just log on to CNN.com / impact .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
( BUSINESS REPORT )
HARRIS : A day after Iranian security forces crushed an anti- government demonstration , today 's ceremony to remember victims of the violence has been postponed .
Here 's what we know .
Word of the postponement of today 's event comes from the web site of presidential candidate Mehdi Karroubi 's political party .
The site doe not say when it might be rescheduled .
The better known defeated candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi says on his web site , that 70 university teachers were arrested after he met with them yesterday .
Also today Iran 's president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad called President Barack Obama inexperienced and suggested he apologize for quoting here , " interfering in Iran 's affairs . "
Iran 's regime says it has arrested more than 600 protesters .
Now some are appearing on state - run TV and what it calls confessions .
Here is CNN 's senior editor for Mideast affairs , Octavia Nasr .
( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE )
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE ( through translator ) : My son and I were carrying grenades in our bags .
My son was very keen to show his power , to tell the world that he was against his country and his countrymen .
OCTAVIA NASR , CNN SENIOR EDITOR FOR MIDEAST AFFAIRS ( voice - over ) : According to Iran 's government - funded press TV this is a confession of an Iranian woman who was arrested during street protests .
She says her actions were quote , " influenced by foreign media . "
Blurring their faces , press TV offers another so - called confession .
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE ( through translator ) : I was influenced by Voice of America , Persian TV and BBC .
They used to blame the government forces for the violence , so I was very interested to see what was going on and when I attended the rally I realized that it was the protesters who attacked public property , soldiers and even other people .
NASR : That 's just a sampling of the alleged confessions being aired on state TV , which has all along insisted that the situation has been under control .
And that the protests are illegal and will be dealt with as such .
Iranian TV also reports on what it calls a conspiracy linking foreign countries to the ongoing anti-government demonstrations across Iran .
According to this anchor woman , it was all planned in this building .
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE :
The documents found at the building reportedly proved that certain foreign countries and media fan the flame of the recent riots .
NASR : Within newscasts , a constant reminder that the supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has ordered that quote , " all must obey the law . "
State TV also reporting that Iran 's judiciary has formed a tribunal to look at the files of those arrested .
As for the punishment --
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Iran 's first deputy judiciary chief says the proceedings aim to teach the writers a lesson .
NASR ( on camera ) :
What that lesson will be is anybody 's guess and , of course , there are many questions surrounding these so - called confessions and what prompted them .
Octavia Nasr , CNN , Atlanta .
( END VIDEOTAPE )
HARRIS : OK .
We quickly want to get back to our congressional correspondent Brianna Keilar .
We 've had a sense , and Brianna , you tipped us off that something big might develop today on health care .
What are you learning ?
BRIANNA KEILAR , CNN CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT :
Well , we just heard from senator Max Baucus , Tony .
He is the chairman of the Senate Finance Committee -- the committee that all eyes has been on today , as they 've been meeting behind closed doors .
And he said just a short time ago that they have come to a number , working with the Nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office -- a cost of $ 1 trillion and that a plan that would be paid for , meaning there have been some questions about whether this could be paid for with the number that they had before .
Initially they were told it would be $ 1.6 trillion --
HARRIS : Yes .
KEILAR : They widdled it down with this CBO to $ 1 trillion and they have options now as to how they 're going to make sure that it does n't add to the deficit through taxes , through savings and that kind of thing .
Exactly what is the makeup of how they 're going to pay for it , we still do n't know that .
But we do have some sound , I understand , Tony , is that right , from Senator Baucus .
Let 's listen to what he said a short time ago .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
SENATOR MAX BAUCUS ( D ) , MONTANA :
We are much closer on scores ( ph ) from the CBO .
In fact , the CBO now tells us we have options that would enable us to write a $ 1 trillion bill fully paid for .
We have options , we have ways to , according to CBO today , fully pay for this bill .
Senator Grassley and I worked closely with CBO to get those CBO numbers and we now do have them .
But , as I 've said before , I 'm not going to put a mark -- Senator Grassley and I will not put out a mark until we 're sure we have it right .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
KEILAR : So the big question remaining , Tony , is exactly what does their agreement look like ?
We know they have said -- we 've heard from Senator Baucus that their idea of a health co-op instead of a public government - run insurance plan has been gaining traction .
But he 's not coming out today and saying , yes , that 's what 's going to be in there .
What he 's saying is that we 've worked to get to a number .
We 've worked to find a number that we can pay for so it 's not going to add to deficit spending and now we have to see what our options are in terms of the policy and he 's going to be working with Chuck Grassley , the ranking Republican on this committee to try to find an agreement that will get enough Republican and Democratic votes on this -- Tony .
HARRIS : All right .
Yes , this is a big move forward , correct ?
KEILAR : This is a significant step .
And even though there are a lot of details that we 're not getting , you get the sense here that this is a breakthrough .
They 've come to some agreement right ahead of this July 4th recess because Congress is away all next week -- Tony .
HARRIS : And working with the CBO -- just to drill down on it -- working with the CBO , this finance committee chaired by Max Baucus has found a way to take this number from $ 1.6 trillion to $ 1 trillion , correct ?
KEILAR : And it 's not necessarily that they found just one way .
What they 're saying is we have options .
Maybe they have more than one way , maybe they have a couple ways , or a few ways .
But the big issue was before you could decide what your policy was going to be , before you can decide whether you 're going to have a health co-op and exactly how it 's going to look .
You know , whether or not you 're going to tax benefits and at what level -- what tax employer provided health benefits --
HARRIS : Yes .
KEILAR : You have to know what your price tag is going to be .
And , so , now they have some options that they can look and see what of these options that they move things in and out will get the most support from Republicans and Democrats to actually move this along .
HARRIS : Which was the issue that many Republicans had with whatever was being talked about .
I remember a quote from John McCain , Senator McCain saying , look , look at the stack of papers here .
How are we going to pay for this .
How are we going to do this ?
And I think it 's also important to mention that when we talk about $ 1 trillion or whatever the number ends up being , that this is over the course of --
KEILAR : A decade .
HARRIS : A decade .
KEILAR : Yes .
This is over the course of 10 years .
And , so , they 're looking at ways to finance it through tax revenue and through savings in the system and it's all over the course of 10 years .
HARRIS : Terrific .
Brianna , terrific reporting on this .
Thank you .
And we 'll talk about all this with our senior medical correspondent Elizabeth Cohen in just a minute .
You 're in the CNN NEWSROOM .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
HARRIS : All right .
Let 's take a look at some pictures here -- live pictures -- Roger , correct me , here .
Live pictures ?
OK .
A rally for reform .
Do n't get angry with me , Roger .
Health Care for America now holding a rally on Capitol Hill .
The group describes itself as a grassroots campaign made up of 1,000 organizations representing 30 million people .
Among those expected to speak at the rally , actress Edie Falco and Senator Chuck Schumer .
Health Care for America now says it supports comprehensive , affordable health care .
All right .
The Senate Finance Committee has found a way , it says , in working with CBO , Congressional Budget Office , to bring in health care reform at a price tag of about $ 1 trillion over a decade .
Let 's talk to our senior medical correspondent Elizabeth Cohen about this .
And breaking news .
It just happened just moments ago .
The chairman of that committee , Senator Max Baucus telling us that they have found a way -- maybe several options to get this done and bring the price down from an estimated $ 1.6 trillion , correct ? .
ELIZABETH COHEN , CNN SENIOR MEDICAL CORRESPONDENT : Right .
To $ 1 trillion .
HARRIS : To $ 1 trillion over 10 years .
Significant development here ?
COHEN : Sure , that is a significant development because this is all about making it affordable .
HARRIS : Yes .
COHEN : Everyone agrees there needs to be reform .
What they do n't agree , how to pay for this .
HARRIS : Yes .
COHEN : So if they can bring it from $ 1.6 trillion to $ 1 trillion , maybe -- $ 1.6 trillion to $ 1 trillion -- maybe they 'll even be able to get it down farther .
If they can make this affordable , this is going to happen a lot more easily .
HARRIS : Yes .
And as we pivot to this week 's Empowered Patient report .
Look , the truth is that part of the reason health care is so expensive is because so many people without insurance end up going to emergency rooms around the country for care because they , in many cases , do n't have a primary physician to treat them .
COHEN : Right .
And E.R. is really the last place you want to go for basic care because it is so expensive .
HARRIS : Yes .
Basic care .
Good point .
COHEN : Basic care .
Right .
Obviously , in an emergency , you want to go there .
But , for basic care when you go there , it ends up costing all of us a lot of money .
But if you do n't have insurance , you know , people without insurance know the E.R. well , they kind of have to take you .
So that 's where people end up .
So , there 's a new report out that says that between 2002 and 2008 , E.R. waiting times went way up now or in 2008 , the average waiting time was four hours and three minutes .
And E.R. doctors
I 've talked to said it 's gotten even worse in the past year because of the recession .
HARRIS : Well , any ways , any ideas to shorten that wait time ?
COHEN : You know , I talked to some E.R. doctors and I said , what would you do if you were in the E.R. and you felt you were n't getting the attention you needed .
They said , first of all , you should trust the E.R. staff to do their triage properly .
Maybe you 're not nearly as urgent as other people .
But , they said if you 're worried you 're not getting the care you need here are some things to say .
You can say , look , my wife , she is not acting normally .
This is not normal for her .
They will listen to you because they know that you are a good gauge of what 's normal for that person .
Also , you can just say , I 'd like to speak to the charge nurse and that 's sort of like in a restaurant , I want to talk to the manager .
HARRIS : Right , right .
COHEN : Kind of a similar principal there .
Also , you can say please reevaluate my husband , he 's gotten worse .
Because obviously ,
You 're sitting there with him .
If you 're seeing that they 've gotten worse , you can ask for a reassessment .
This is something that they commonly do in E.R.s .
HARRIS : And do VIPs -- you know a lot of people believe this -- VIPs get special treatment ?
COHEN : I asked these E.R. doctors this and I got to tell you , they said , yes , it really is true .
VIPs do get better treatment in the emergency room .
It 's just the reality .
So , if you are a VIP , or if you can start dropping names , you know , you can try that .
Now , it might backfire on you if they realize you 're a total poser .
But , they --
HARRIS : Ha !
A total poser !
( LAUGHTER )
HARRIS : You 've been hanging out closely with the kids , have n't you ?
COHEN : That 's right .
Exactly .
Yes , yes , I 'm so hip .
HARRIS : Oh , that 's good .
That 's good .
All right .
Tomorrow , empower me Friday .
Where can people send their e-mails , their questions for you ?
COHEN : Right . Empowerpatient@CNN.com .
And I try to empower people on Fridays to answer viewer 's questions .
Empoweredpatient@CNN.com .
Please , give me your problems .
HARRIS : Awesome .
You 're back with me next hour ?
COHEN : I am .
HARRIS : All right .
Here 's what we 're going to do .
Elizabeth and I are going to talk with the new president of the American Medical Association .
His name is Dr. J. James Rohack .
And he will address the AMA 's health care concerns and we will really talk about solutions here .
Help me get him to talk about solutions .
Help me to pin him down .
COHEN : Specifics , specifics , specifics .
HARRIS : OK .
COHEN : OK .
HARRIS : And James knows that this is where we 're going and he 's going to help us with this .
This is 12:45 p.m. Eastern , right here in the CNN NEWSROOM .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
HARRIS : Iran 's capital city said to be calm but on edge today .
A day after more bloody demonstrations .
This is amateur video from Tehran , but CNN cannot verify the date this was shot .
A ceremony today remembering victims of the demonstrations has been postponed according to the web site of one of the defeated presidential candidates .
Coming up , in the next hour of CNN NEWSROOM , how could the South Carolina governor scandal affect the future of the GOP ?
We will have a report from Candy Crowley .
The new president of the American Medical Association weighs in with his concerns and suggestions for reforming health care .
And in this week 's " Money and Main Street " segment , how one family is coping with the recession .
We 're back in a moment .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
HARRIS : South Carolina governor Mark Sanford 's political future is in doubt this morning .
He admits to an affair with a woman in Argentina .
The scandal came to light after the governor disappeared a week ago and was deceptive about where he was going .
Still unanswered is whether taxpayers cover the cost of his trips to Argentina .
Sanford gained national prominence when he refused federal stimulus money .
That position stirred talk of a presidential run in 2012 .
Senior political correspondent Candy Crowley talked with Anderson Cooper .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
CANDY CROWLEY , CNN SENIOR POLITICAL CORRESPONDENT :
There is some serious damage here , particularly in the Republican Party , where the core is conservative Christian .
But there is also the sort of redemption side of a story .
Americans tend to -- voters tend to love redemption sagas .
I mean and we can point to any number of politicians beginning with former president of the United States Bill Clinton , who never lost their popularity .
In fact , the president -- former president -- became more popular after he left office , as well .
So , it is not one size fits all here .
But right now , tonight , certainly serious damage , not just to the governor , but to the party as a whole .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
HARRIS : Well , Governor Sanford is n't the first politician to ride his high horse on to a low road .
He surely wo n't be the last .
Here 's CNN 's Carol Costello .
( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE )
COSTELLO ( voice - over ) : Maybe America 's cynicism about politicians and affairs took permanent root on January 26th , 1998 .
BILL CLINTON , FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT : I did not have sexual relations with that woman .
COSTELLO : But Clinton was lying and his public humiliation was n't enough to prevent other politicians from cheating , even though many were appalled .
Mark Sanford was a congressman in 1999 .
GOV .
MARK SANFORD ( R ) , SOUTH CAROLINA :
The issue of lie is probably the biggest harm , if you will , to the system of democratic government , representative government because it undermines trust .
COSTELLO : Fast forward to 2009 , that same guy , a governor now telling the country he was n't really hiking the Appalachian Trail .
He was exercising something else in Argentina , and yes , he uttered that old tired line .
SANFORD : Let me first of all apologize to my wife , Jenny .
ELIOT SPITZER , FMR .
NEW YORK GOVERNOR : I 've begun to atone for my private failings with my wife , Silda .
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Especially my wife .
I 'm truly sorry .
JOHN EDWARDS , FMR .
PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE : Ask her for her forgiveness .
COSTELLO :
The log cabin republicans who long fought politicians anti-gay marriage stance say , " and you think gays are destroying the sanctity of marriage ? "
CHARLES MORAN , LOG CABIN REPUBLICANS : I find it hard to talk , to hear it's hard for me to hear as a gay man , you 're , you know , the relationship that you might want to engage in with another man that you love is going to be less equal or not as valid as the love between - I have with my wife .
And then when he sees and goes sees what he does with his wife .
COSTELLO : Others are tired of the hypocrisy too .
And cynicism aside , they 're angry .
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE :
Why are they having affairs and are n't they supposed to be working ?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE :
It has to be stopped .
You 're sending out a message to the youth of America that it 's OK to have an affair .
COSTELLO : William Donahue of the Catholic League put it this way -
WILLIAM DONAHUE , CATHOLIC LEAGUE :
If we 're proponents of traditional values , we do n't expect you to be perfect , but if you 're carrying on an affair for how long ?
Month after month after month and then you disappear .
I mean , this is borne of arrogance and it's borne of narcissism and people like me are fed up and I hope you show him the gate .
( END VIDEOTAPE )
COSTELLO : Sanford is resigning his post as chairman of the Republican Governors Association but there is no sign that he 'll step down as governor .
And yes , he is working to repair his marriage .
His wife sending out a statement that in part reads , I remain willing to forgive Mark completely for his indiscretions and welcome him back in time if he continues to work towards reconciliation with a true spirit of humility and repentance .
Carol Costello , CNN , Washington .
( END VIDEOTAPE )
Carlos Tevez has informed Sir Alex ­Ferguson that he has no plans to return to Manchester United despite the club 's renewed efforts to persuade him to reject Manchester City 's overtures .
Ferguson has interrupted his holiday in the south of France several times over the past two weeks to ring Tevez and appeal to him to think carefully about the consequences of leaving a club of United 's standing , but the Argentinian has now told the manager that he planned to sever his ties with the ­Premier League champions .
That is unlikely to prevent Ferguson trying to persuade him from changing his mind before the striker officially becomes a free agent on 30 June , but United 's management are realistic about the situation and increasingly fear that Tevez will soon confirm he is following Cristiano Ronaldo out of the club .
City have offered Tevez a 75 % pay rise , meaning a £ 140,000 - a- week salary , and the chance to re-establish himself as a first - choice player , whereas , tellingly , in all the various discussions with Ferguson there has been no indication from the manager Tevez can expect to play in more of ­United 's key games this season .
Tevez 's main grievance is the frequency with which he was left out of United 's bigger matches last season and he has come to feel disenchanted because of the way the club 's chief executive , David Gill , has ­handled his proposed signing , repeatedly postponing talks before publicly stating that he thought Tevez was over - priced .
That has left the way clear for City to capitalise and , unless Ferguson can convince Tevez otherwise , the Abu Dhabi - owned club confidently expect to pull off one of their biggest transfer coups of modern times despite Liverpool also maintaining their own interest in Tevez .
City have the advantage because they can afford to pay Tevez the higher salary and have informed the consortium that owns the player 's economic rights they will pay the £ 25.5 m fee in one sum whereas Liverpool 's proposal is to drag it out with instalments over the course of his contract .
Tevez is also aware that moving to Anfield would irreparably tarnish his standing among those United supporters who have been campaigning for him to stay at Old Trafford .
The player is described as " tribal " and is aware of the intense rivalry between United and Liverpool but , in his mind , he does not believe it would cause so much bad feeling if he went to City .
Twenty years ago , I wrote a book about the Middle East , and recently I was thinking of updating it with a new introduction .
It was going to be very simple  just one page , indeed just one line : “ Nothing has changed . ”
It took me two days covering the elections in Beirut to realize that I was dead wrong .
No , something is going on in the Middle East today that is very new .
Pull up a chair ; this is going to be interesting .
What we saw in the Lebanese elections , where the pro-Western March 14 movement won a surprise victory over the pro-Iranian Hezbollah coalition , what we saw in the ferment for change exposed by the election campaign in Iran , and what we saw in the provincial elections in Iraq , where the big pro-Iranian party got trounced , is the product of four historical forces that have come together to crack open this ossified region .
First is the diffusion of technology .
The Internet , blogs , YouTube and text messaging via cellphones , particularly among the young  70 percent of Iranians are under 30  is giving Middle Easterners cheap tools to communicate horizontally , to mobilize politically and to criticize their leaders acerbically , outside of state control .
It is also enabling them to monitor vote - rigging by posting observers with cellphone cameras .
WASHINGTON  A coalition of left - wing advocacy groups filed legal ethics complaints on Monday against 12 former Bush administration lawyers , including three United States attorneys general , whom the groups accuse of helping to justify torture .
The coalition , called Velvet Revolution , asked the bar associations in four states and the District of Columbia to disbar the lawyers , saying their actions violated the rules of professional responsibility by approving interrogation methods , including waterboarding , that constituted illegal torture .
By writing or approving legal opinions justifying such methods , the advocates say , the Bush administration lawyers violated the Geneva Conventions , the Convention Against Torture and American law .
Kevin Zeese , a longtime activist and lawyer who signed the complaints on behalf of Velvet Revolution , said the groups were acting because the Obama administration had resisted calls for a criminal investigation of abuse of prisoners under the Bush administration .
On behalf of the people of Illinois and New York , I ’d like to thank South Carolina for giving us Mark ( “ I ’ve been unfaithful to my wife ” ) Sanford .
Finally , a governor who ’s weirder than Rod Blagojevich and less responsible than Eliot Spitzer .
Really , we ’re extremely relieved .
Sanford , as we all now know , went AWOL from his state last week , then re-emerged to admit that he had not been on the Appalachian Trail writing a book , as the chaotic explanations from his family and his staff had suggested , but in South America where he had gone to break up with his lover .
“ I spent the last five days crying in Argentina , ” he said , completely ignoring all we have learned from Andrew Lloyd Webber .
Sanford was widely regarded as a Republican presidential contender .
Many of you may have forgotten this , but for a while in 2008 he was a serious candidate to be John McCain ’s running mate .
( We now stop briefly to contemplate the possibility that there were even worse options than Sarah Palin . )
Now , he ’s become the second GOP hopeful in a week to do a swan dive off the adultery cliff .
Perhaps the party has been too strict about the no-girlfriends - while - running - for - president rule .
If they do n’t drop it , pretty soon the youngest contender will be 75 .
Until Wednesday ’s unpleasantness , Sanford was chairman of the Republican Governors Association , otherwise known as the Association of Possible Presidential Contenders Plus Arnold .
Over the past few years , he has tried to woo the party ’s base with antics like bringing two piglets into the Capitol to protest political pork and refusing to accept $ 700 million in federal stimulus money aimed at preventing massive layoffs of public school teachers .
View Transcript
Transcript
the boss says , " Ted , business is slow , and I have to let you go . "
The boss says , " But I already did your performance review so I thought you might benefit from constructive feedback . "
Ted says , " ' You 're like a blister on a skunk 's colon . ' "
The boss says , " A tiny one . "
The “ Cardboard Cloud ” , an exhibit design by Fantastic Norway , opened this weekend in Oslo to the public .
The exhibit was designed for the Center for Design and Architecture ( DogA , previously featured on AD ) and will display the works of Norwegian design students .
More information about the cloud and more images after the break .
“ Being that the exhibition is set to present brand new design objects , we decided to base the architectural concept on the thrill of unpacking , ” explained the architects .
Working off that idea , more than 3000 cardboard boxes were arranged as “ a large pixilated cloud ” that hovered over the exhibited material inside the 350 m2 exhibition hall .
The students ’ works are integrated into the architectural framework of the exhibit by being displayed in , around and outside the cardboard boxes .
The arrangement of boxes create spatial conditions that contain smaller areas and frame larger areas .
In addition , the exhibition display focuses on the importance of reusing materials as all boxes will be recycled when the exhibit ends .
Fantastic Norway was also recently featured on our site for their Cabin Verdehaugen .
Credits
Architectural team : Håkon Matre Aasarød , Erlend Blakstad Haffner , Andrew Jason Linn , Magnus Ohren , Tomos Osmond , Anne Busemann , Mathias Steinbru , Anette Flygansvær , Ingeborg Cappelen Lindheim , Are Fredrik Berg and Håvard Arnhoff , Oscar Quan Lainfiesta .
Engineer : Ole Wroldsen
Curator : Benedicte Sunde , Janicke Sæther , Aslag Juell Kristensen
Advertisements
Pre-fab housing is intriguing , functional , and eco-friendly – just a few reasons we love to highlight these fascinating green designs on Ecoble !
We ’ve looked at FlatPak homes , creative container houses , and briefly glanced at SIPs and modulars in previous posts .
Green design is advancing so quickly , it ’s time to focus on a few of the newest pre-fab creations …
Steel is becoming a popular option for eco-friendly prefab .
EcoSteel works with green designers to manufacture custom - built , LEED - rated residential , commercial , and community buildings and homes .
Each project features recycled steel that can be created to withstand earthquakes or hurricanes , improved indoor air quality , and energy efficient foam core panels .
( via The Alternative Consumer )
Eco-friendly builder , Living Homes partnered with architect Kieran Timberlake at the beginning of 2009 to offer a new line of sustainable pre-fab housing .
Recycled glass tiles , biocomposite wood siding , and energy - efficient steel are only the beginning of the eco-features integrated into the homes .
Five models are currently available , starting at about $ 185 / sq - ft and offering up to 2,275 square - feet of living space .
Powerhouse Enterprises specializes in eco-homes that use clean , healthy materials and a combination of passive and active solar energy to generate grid - free electricity .
The Massachusets company designs single - family and multi-unit powerhouses , as well as the flexible and functional PowerPod pictured above .
Powerhouses are similar in price to traditional homes , but are more efficient and nowhere near as wasteful !
( via TreeHugger )
Blu Homes are another new addition to the custom green prefab lineup , offering a 40 % smaller carbon footprint than traditional houses .
Four options are currently available , each available with a variety of custom options .
The homes take 2 to 3 months for manufacturing and can typically be set up within a day .
The Blu Home above was on exhibit at the Maker Faire in Austin , as well as the Museum of Modern Art in New York , and was built with friction - joined plywood without the use of nails , fasteners , or glue .
Blue Sky Homes just recently completed their prototype pre-fab home – erected 4,000 - feet above sea level without disturbing the natural High Desert surroundings .
Rather than wood framing , Blue Sky Homes are constructed of durable steel and can be manufactured and assembled in about 6 short weeks .
The California - based company currently offers customizable models with 500 , 1,000 , or 1,500 - square - feet .
( via Jetson Green )
Michelle Kaufmann Designs creates luxurious pre-fab homes currently available in most west coast cities .
MKD offers 7 unique and customizable family residences , as well as custom green designs and eco-communities .
Your MKD home can be ready for move - in in about a year and costs $ 250 to $ 300 per square - foot , including site preparation .
Every house is solar - ready and built with eco-friendly , toxin - free materials .
Method Homes offers beautiful , energy - efficient factory - built houses that can be manufactured and constructed in only 3 months .
The model cabin shown above was completed in August , 2008 and can be rented for $ 250 / night .
Method Homes offers a variety of floor plans , available in 3 series – the Cabin series , customizable homes ranging from 1,200 to 2,800 square - feet ; Balance S - M - L series , a collection of small , medium , and large prefab units with a variety of functions ; and the Urban series , coming soon .
( via Inhabitat )
The Clayton i-House has only been available to the public for less than a month but promises to bring an all new look to trailer parks .
The i-House is manufactured in 4 of Clayton home ’s plants to reduce transport emissions and can be customized with eco-friendly appliances , solar panels , bamboo flooring , and several layout options .
Fully - loaded , the i-House could be powered for less than a buck a day and costs a fraction of the price of a comparable stick - built home .
More drug corruption in Philly , more fallout from the Kathryn Johnston killing in Atlanta , and yet another crooked border guard .
Let 's get to it :
In Philadelphia , a Philadelphia police detective was arraigned June 18 on charges he tipped off a major drug suspect about an imminent search warrant .
Det. Rickie Durham pleaded not guilty to charges of obstruction of justice , making false statements , and given advance notice of a search .
He is accused of alerting Philly " drug kingpin " Alton " Ace Capone " Coles of a pending police raid in August 2005 and then lying to investigators when they questioned him .
Durham has been suspended for 30 days , and the department says it is on track to fire him .
He is on house arrest pending trial .
In Yuma , Arizona , a US Customs and Border Protection officer pleaded guilty June 18 to bribery and drug charges .
CBP Officer Henry Gauani , 41 , copped to conspiracy to commit bribery and conspiracy to import Ecstasy for accepting $ 33,000 to allow vehicles loaded with Ecstasy to pass through the Port of Entry from Mexico without inspection .
Gauani went down after a federal investigation and a sting on January 27 in which he allowed a vehicle containing what he believed to be a half million Ecstasy tablets pass through his lane without inspection .
He is looking at up to 20 years in federal prison and $ 1,250,000 in fines .
In Atlanta , a former Atlanta Police narcotics unit supervisor was sentenced last Friday to 18 months in prison for his role in an illegal break - in search of a Dill Avenue duplex in 2005 .
Former officer Wilbert Stallings had pleaded guilty to conspiring to violate the civil rights of the homeowner .
At sentencing , US District Court Justice Julie Carnes said the sentence also reflected Stallings ' role in allowing a culture of corruption to run rampant in the unit he supervised .
Members of that unit were responsible for the 2006 killing of 92 - year - old Kathryn Johnston in a raid based on fabricated evidence .
Stallings went down as investigators looking into the Johnston killing put his unit under the microscope .
GCHQ provides signals intelligence and information assurance The UK 's electronic intelligence agency has taken the unusual step of issuing a statement to deny it will track all UK internet and online phone use .
Government Communications Headquarters ( GCHQ ) said it was developing tracking technology but " only acts when it is necessary " and " does not spy at will " .
The denial follows the home secretary scrapping plans for a single government database for all communications .
Jacqui Smith said instead firms should record all people 's internet contacts .
In the statement , GCHQ said one of its " greatest challenges is maintaining our capability in the face of the growth in internet - based communications .
" We must reinvest continuously to keep up with the methods that are used by those who threaten the UK and its interests . "
GCHQ has no ambitions , expectations or plans for a database
GCHQ statement
Surveillance fears for the UK
But the agency added : " GCHQ is not developing technology to enable the monitoring of all internet use and phone calls in Britain , or to target everyone in the UK .
" Similarly , GCHQ has no ambitions , expectations or plans for a database or databases to store centrally all communications data in Britain .
" The new technology that GCHQ is developing is designed to work under the existing legal framework . "
The denial comes days after Ms Smith ditched plans for a giant centralised database to store all internet and phone conversations .
Instead she announced that communications firms will be asked to record all contacts between people .
The new system would track all e-mails , phone calls and internet use including visits to social network sites , but not their content .
On Sunday , the Sunday Times newspaper reported that GCHQ was in fact forging ahead with plans to monitor all communications in Britain .
According to the newspaper , £ 1bn is being spent on a " Mastering the Internet ( MTI ) " programme that would involve " thousands of ' black box ' probes being covertly inserted across online infrastructure " .
Shami Chakrabarti , director of Liberty , said the GCHQ statement raised more questions than it offered answers .
She added : " There are various comments about what this project is not intended for - but not what it is designed to achieve .
" More importantly , when is Parliament going to have the opportunity to debate it ? "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The oldest company still in operation is believed to be Ohio - based Buckeye Donkey Ball , which was founded in 1934 and is owned by a nephew of Crosby ’s , Pat Barthen .
The handful of remaining companies around the country follow a common business model , taking 50 percent to 60 percent of revenue from sales of tickets priced at about $ 6 each .
Some , like Green Mountain Donkeyball , operate fewer than 20 events a year .
Others , like Buckeye Donkey Ball , hold as many as 300 and have several teams of donkeys on the road .
The game is most popular in rural communities , where the event is often a sellout , said Jessica Cordell , Crosby ’s granddaughter and the owner of Dairyland Donkey Ball in Wisconsin .
Half the fun is watching the school principal or the mayor fall off a donkey , she said .
But , she added , “ if you play in downtown Minneapolis or St. Paul , they just do n’t know each other . ”
Despite its popularity , donkey ball has been criticized by animal - welfare groups that say it is stressful to the animals , who travel long distances and are ridden by inexperienced players .
The Humane Society of the United States , the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals and People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals all oppose the sport .
PETA ’s campaigns have persuaded schools from Idaho to North Carolina to cancel events .
“ Donkeys have no place in a gym , ” said Kristie Phelps , a PETA spokeswoman .
“ They are very easily confused , and they have no idea what ’s going on . ”
Unlike circuses and zoos , donkey ball companies are not required to be licensed by the United States Department of Agriculture because their events are considered a competition , not an exhibition , said Jessica Milteer , a spokeswoman for the agency .
Regulation of competitions is left to the states , she said .
Phelps said enforcement of potential animal - cruelty violations was difficult because the companies moved from town to town and state to state .
Camie Heleski , an instructor in Michigan State ’s Department of Animal Science who has studied donkey behavior , described the game as mostly harmless .
“ I think it is probably somewhat confusing to the donkey , ” Heleski said , but no more than pony rides or novice horseback - riding lessons are to those animals .
Unlike horses , she said , donkeys tend to be calm and stoic .
“ And if they get confused , ” she said , “ they just plain stop . ”
Although donkey ball players are required to sign waivers before they ride and some companies say they hold liability insurance , participants have sued after being injured .
In 1997 , a federal jury awarded an Illinois man $ 110,000 after a donkey kicked him in the knee .
A fifth - grade teacher in Florida settled a lawsuit last year with the Diocese of St. Petersburg after falling off a donkey in a game in 2003 .
Diplomats were allowed to meet Aung San Suu Kyi on Wednesday Burmese authorities have barred international observers from the trial of Aung San Suu Kyi , a day after allowing them to attend .
The government opened proceedings to diplomats and journalists on Wednesday , in an apparent response to criticism .
But a Burmese official said that the move had been " only for one day " .
Pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi is accused of breaking the terms of her house arrest , after a US man swam across a lake to visit her .
Defence lawyers have argued that she did not invite the US national , John Yettaw , to visit , and only allowed him to stay because he said he was exhausted .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service Ms Suu Kyi , 63 , has been in detention for more than 13 of the past 19 years .
Her latest period of house arrest was scheduled to expire on 27 May , and many observers see this case against her as a pretext to ensure she is still in detention during next year 's elections .
' Scripted ' On Wednesday Aung San Suu Kyi was allowed to speak to three foreign diplomats .
Several others , along with 10 journalists , were allowed into court at Rangoon 's Insein prison .
But a Burmese official said that the court would not be open to international observers on Thursday .
" Only for one day were diplomats and press allowed , " the unidentified official told AFP news agency .
Inside Burma 's Insein prison Profile : Aung San Suu Kyi
But the British ambassador to Burma , Mark Canning , who was given access to the trial on Wednesday , told the BBC the authorities might be prepared to allow foreign observers into court again .
" It was pitched to us as a one - off , but they also said that if the experiment went well then they might be prepared to repeat it .
" It 's a tactic which they 've employed in other circumstances ; in the wake of the cyclone last year for example we saw the regime taken aback at the strength of international criticism , and we saw them then back - pedal and make a number of concessions designed to buy off that criticism . "
However Mr Canning also said he did not think Ms Suu Kyi would receive a fair trial as the story 's " conclusion is already scripted " .
Burma 's ruling generals say they will hold multi-party elections in 2010 .
Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy party won the last elections , in 1990 , but was never allowed to take power .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Miss Jess sez , " The Design Piracy Prohibition
Act is very , very scary to all of us in the apparel industry .
There are millions of jobs at stake if this legislation passes , and this act is simply being pushed by a handful of wealthy celebrity designers who continually pirate the ' little guys ' designs anyway .
Basically , this act will kill my business along with thousands upon THOUSANDS of other small , medium and large design and manufacturing businesses around the US and the world if it is passed .
It 's a big deal !
Under this legislation , however , designers will need to consult with a lawyer throughout
the design process to ensure that every new design created could not subjectively be
found at a later date to be " closely and substantially similar " to one protected in the
Copyright registry …
Further , young , up - and - coming designers would be susceptible to legal intimidation from
designing anything new at all , as they would likely not have the resources to fight a legal
challenge in court …
While the bill purports to keep all fashion designs that have existed in the past free and
open for all to use , the legislation would allow the ability to copyright non-original
design elements in the public domain if arranged in an original way .
Moreover , since there is no test for originality , the registry will begin to be populated
with designs that from the public domain .
Thus , a designer who draws upon inspiration
from the public domain , can easily find himself / herself stuck in costly litigation .
Do n’t you love a catfight ?
Apple famously attacked Windows and Microsoft with their ‘ I ’m a Mac’ ads .
Microsoft responded with their ‘ laptop hunters ’ series and now Apple responds with a ‘ I ’m a Mac ’ ad featuring a Lauren type girl similar to the girl from the first ‘ Laptop Hunters ’ episode .
Still following me ?
Check it out :
The original Microsoft ad featuring ‘ Lauren ’ :
The new Apple Ad featuring a ‘ Lauren ’ type :
[ youtube : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTjKWf0aevY]
Ca n’t wait for the “ Microsoft answering Apple ’s ad which reacted to Microsofts ’ ad which commented on Apple ’s ad ” soon to be released …
Read next : Unboxing the Palm Pre
SCHIEFFER : Would you go back and talk to the Congress ?
CHENEY : Certainly .
I ’ve made it very clear that I feel very strongly that what we did here was exactly the right thing to do .
And if I do n’t speak out , then where do we find ourselves , Bob ?
Then the critics have free run , and there is n’t anybody there on the other side to tell the truth .
So it ’s important — it ’s important that we ...
SCHIEFFER : Senator Leahy , the chairman of the Judiciary Committee , was on this broadcast recently .
And I said , do you intend to ask the former vice president to come up ?
And he said if he will testify under oath .
Would you be willing to testify under oath ?
CHENEY : I ’d have to see what the circumstances are and what kind of precedent we were setting .
But certainly I would n’t be out here today if I did n’t feel comfortable talking about what we ’re doing publicly .
Cheney is current hanging his entire legacy on two current classified CIA memos , but already ( possibly in direct response to his own pushing of this issues ) reports are surfacing that - yet again - this claim is a pig in a poke .
As has been pointed out in another rec'd Dkos diary the fact is that Cheney 's " Holy Grail " is apparently made of pyrite , but I think there 's even more to this story .
I think we already know what that report is going to say , and that it 's already been debunked .
That diary points to this previous released but redacted report by the CIA Inspector Generals Office .
Yet , other leaks of the redacted portion of this report have been springing up .
via Thinkprogress .
Government officials familiar with the CIA ’s early interrogations say the most powerful evidence of apparent excesses is contained in the " top secret " May 7 , 2004 , inspector general report , based on more than 100 interviews , a review of the videotapes and 38,000 pages of documents .
The full report remains closely held , although White House officials have told political allies that they intend to declassify it for public release when the debate quiets over last month ’s release of the Justice Department ’s interrogation memos . [...]
Although some useful information was produced , the report concluded that " it is difficult to determine conclusively whether interrogations have provided information critical to interdicting specific imminent attacks , " according to the Justice Department ’s declassified summary of it .
Oddly enough I 've seen those words before .
That 's exactly the same thing that one of Cheney 's " Little People " Stephen Bradbury wrote in his May 30 , 2005 memo to CIA counsel John Rizzo , when quoting from the 2004 CIA Inspector Generals report .
Which in a section which has apparently not been included in the redacted PDF above , said according to McClatchy as quoted by Bradbury that :
" As the IG Report notes , it is difficult to determine conclusively whether interrogations provided information critical to interdicting specific imminent attacks .
And because the CIA has used enhanced techniques sparingly , ' there is limited data on which to assess their individual effectiveness ' , " Bradbury wrote , quoting the IG report .
Yet Bradbury 's memo also makes the following claim quoting from the famed " Effectiveness Memo " :
before the CIA used enhanced techniques in its interrogation of KSM , KSM resisted giving any answers to questions about future attacks , simply noting , " Soon , you will know . "
Id .
We understand that the use of enhanced techniques in the interrogations of KSM , Zubaydah , and others , by contrast , has yielded critical information .
See IG Report at 86 , 90-91 ( describing increase in intelligence reports attributable to use of enhanced techniques ) .
As Zubaydah himself explained with respect to enhanced techniques , " " :" brothers who are captured and interrogated are permitted by Allah to provide information when they believe they have ' reached the limit of their ability to withhold ie in the face of psychological and physicaI hardships . "
Effectiveness Memo at 2 .
And , indeed , we understand that since the use of enhanced .
techniques , " KSM and Abu Zubaydah have been pivotal sources because of their ability and willingness to provide their analysis and speculation about the capabilities , methodologies , and mindsets of terrorists , "
Some of the info Cheney is fishing for , and was alluded to by Bradbury may also have revealed by former Bush Speechwriter Marc Thiessen who claimed :
THIESSEN : The CIA developed these alternative interrogation techniques , and all of a sudden he started talking .
Zubaydah ’s information led us to Ramsey bin al Shibh , who was was one of the 9/11 hijackers .
Together , they gave us the information that led the capture of KSM .
Then , KSM gave us information about another al Qaeda operative , Majid Khan , who was in CIA custody .
He told us that Majid Khan had been tasked to give $ 50,000 to an operative named Zubair , who was developing plots with a Southeast Asian group called JI .
These claims fly in the face of statements made by FBI Director Mueller denying any major plots were " foiled " by Enhanced Interrogation .
As well as reports from FBI Interrogator Ali Soufan who categorically refutes Cheney 's allegations since he's the one who actually did get good information from Zubaydah BEFORE he was Tortured .
There was no actionable intelligence gained from using enhanced interrogation techniques on Abu Zubaydah that was n’t , or could n’t have been , gained from regular tactics .
In addition , I saw that using these alternative methods on other terrorists backfired on more than a few occasions — all of which are still classified .
The short sightedness behind the use of these techniques ignored the unreliability of the methods , the nature of the threat , the mentality and modus operandi of the terrorists , and due process .
Defenders of these techniques have claimed that they got Abu Zubaydah to give up information leading to the capture of Ramzi bin al - Shibh , a top aide to Khalid Shaikh Mohammed , and Mr. Padilla .
This is false .
The information that led to Mr. Shibh ’s capture came primarily from a different terrorist operative who was interviewed using traditional methods .
As for Mr. Padilla , the dates just do n’t add up : the harsh techniques were approved in the memo of August 2002 , Mr. Padilla had been arrested that May .
Torturing Zubaydah did not lead to capturing al - Shibh or Padilla .
The dates do n't add up - just like the claim that KSM gave up information on the Library Tower plot - only that had also already been foiled a year previously .
Yet again , all we have here - iS EPIC FAIL .
Just like Iraq and WMD , or Saddam 's link to 9 - 11 and al Qaeada ( a large portion of which was jinned - up as the result of the Torture of the late Ibn al - Shayhk al - Libi )
All they have to offer is Fail !
Cheney is desperate to believe , and desperate to promote the idea that the people who authorized and promoted these program are " Heroes " - but if so , why did they try to suppress the opinion papers of Phillip Zelikow ?
Why did they knowingly , and with clear consciensness of guilt , perpetrate a Criminal Coverup by attempting to hide " high - value " detainees from the Red Cross which has the international duty to determine if Torture and War Crimes have Occurred .
Which , eventually , is exactly what they did .
If Cheney is desd - set on having this out in public - fine , then let 's give him what he wants .
Let 's stack him and Yoo , Bybee and Bradbury ( who are about to get sanctioned by Bush 's own OPR Report ) against the real - life experience ( not some made up " 24 " - o- phallic theory ) of Soufan , Matthew Alexander , and the contrasting legal arguments from Zelikow , NSA Counsel John Bellinger , and Secratary of State Counsel William Howard Taft and see which view remains standing after a full analysis of the facts .
Better yet , since Cheney is so convinced of his righteousness , his innocence and so desperate to testify , let 's do it in front of a JUDGE AND JURY .
Yep , nothing like a War Crimes Trial to help clear the air .
Let him talk , it does the soul good .
( The soul of The Nation I mean , not Cheney 's - since his was replaced with a Endless Black Pit of SUCK years ago )
Vyan
The Harvard Mark I
Our trip down mainframe lane starts and ends , not so surprisingly , with IBM .
Back in the 1930s , when a computer was actually a fellow with a slide rule who did computations for you , IBM was mainly known for its punched - card machines .
However , the transformation of IBM from one of the many sellers of business machines to the company that later became a computer monopoly was due in large part to forward - looking leadership , at that time going by the name of Thomas Watson , Sr .
The Harvard machine was a manifestation of his vision , although in practical terms , was not a technological starting point for what followed .
Still , it is worth looking at , just so we can see how far things have come .
It all began in 1936 , when Howard Aiken , a Harvard researcher , was trying to work through a problem relating to the design of vacuum tubes ( a little ironic , as you will see ) .
In order to make progress , he needed to solve a set of non-linear equations , and there was nothing available that could do it for him .
Aiken proposed to Harvard researchers there that they build a large - scale calculator that could solve these problems .
His request was not well - received .
Aiken then approached Monroe Calculating Company , which declined the proposal .
So Aiken took it to IBM .
Aiken 's proposal was essentially a requirement document , not a true design , and it was up to IBM to figure out how to fulfill these requirements .
The initial cost was estimated at $ 15,000 , but that quickly ballooned up to $ 100,000 by the time the proposal was formally accepted in 1939 .
It eventually cost IBM roughly $ 200,000 to make .
It was not until 1943 that the five - ton , 51 - ft. long , mechanical beast ran its first calculation .
Because the computer needed mechanical synchronization between its different calculating units , there was a shaft driven by a five - horsepower motor running its entire length .
The computer " program " was created by inserting wire links into a plug board .
The data was read by punched cards and the results were printed on punched cards or by electric typewriters .
Even by the standards of the day , it was slow .
It was only capable of doing three additions or subtractions per second and the machine took a rather ponderous six seconds to do a single multiplication .
Logarithms and trigonometric calculations took over a minute each .
As mentioned , the Harvard Mark I was a technological dead - end , and did not do much important work during the 15 years it was used .
Still , it represented the first fully - automated computing machine ever made .
While it was very slow , mechanical , and lacked necessities like conditional branches , it was a computer , and represented a tiny glimpse at what was yet to come .
The ABC ( Atanasoff - Berry Computer )
Although only recognized as such many years later , the ABC ( Atanasoff - Berry Computer ) was really the first electronic computer .
You might think " electronic computer " is redundant , but as we just saw with the Harvard Mark I , there really were computers that had no electronic components , and instead used mechanical switches , variable toothed gears , relays , and hand cranks .
The ABC , by contrast , did all of its computing using electronics , and thus represents a very important milestone for computing .
Although it was electronic , the computer 's parts were very different than what is used today .
In fact , transistors and integrated circuits are required just to have the same building blocks .
They did not exist in 1939 when John Atanasoff received funding to build a prototype , so he used what was available at the time : vacuum tubes .
Vacuum tubes could amplify signals and act as switches , so they could thus be used to create logic circuits .
However , they used a lot of power , got very hot , and were very unreliable .
These were tradeoffs he and others had to live with and were unfortunate characteristics of the computers built from them .
The logic circuits he created with the vacuum tubes were fast , and could do addition and subtraction calculations at 30 operations per second .
While it would be normal today , it was rare for a computer to use a binary system , since it was not a number system with which many were familiar at that time .
Another important technology was the use of capacitors for memory , and " jogging " them with electricity to keep their contents ( similar to a DRAM refresh used today ) .
Memory was not truly random though , as it was actually contained in a spinning drum that rotated fully once per second .
Specific memory locations could only be read from when the section of the drum they were in was over the reader .
This obviously had serious latency issues .
Later , he added a punched - card machine ( punched cards were very extensively used by businesses at that time to store records and perform computations on them ) to hold data that could not fit in the drum memory .
In retrospect , this computer was n't terribly useful .
It was n't even programmable .
But it was , at least on a conceptual level , a very important milestone for computers , and a progenitor to computers of the future .
While working on this machine , Mr. Atanasoff invited a man named John W. Mauchly to view his creation .
Let 's find out why that was significant .
The ENIAC
On December 7 , 1941 , Japan attacked Pearl Harbor , drawing the United States into the conflagration known as World War II .
One problem every country at war had was creating artillery ballistic tables for each type of artillery they produced .
This was a huge undertaking , being both a very slow and tedious process .
So , the U.S. army granted funds to the Moore School of Electrical Engineering at the University of Pennsylvania to build an electronic computer to facilitate this work .
You might have guessed from the last page that our friend John Mauchly just happened to be there , and he then took on this project with a gifted graduate student named J. Presper Eckert .
However , World War II ended before the machine was completed .
When finished in 1946 , this 30 - ton monstrosity consisted of 49 - ft. high cabinets , 18,000 vacuum tubes , 1,500 relays , 70,000 resistors , 10,000 capacitors , and 6,000 manual switches , and it consumed 200 kilowatts .
Although finished after the war , it hardly proved useless .
Capable of 5,000 additions , 357 multiplications , or 38 divisions per second , the performance of this machine was incredible .
Problems that took a human mathematician 20 hours to solve , took only 30 seconds for the ENIAC .
The main problem with the machine , aside from the unreliability inherent in all vacuum tube machines , was that it was not programmable in the conventional sense .
" Programs " were entered by the " ENIAC girls " working on plug boards and banks of switches .
This generally took from a few hours to a few days .
Also , in a backward step from the ABC computer , the ENIAC worked with decimal and not binary numbers .
Nevertheless , the ENIAC was an extremely useful machine for the U.S. , particularly with the enhancements that were later added on , until it was retired in 1955 .
During its lifetime , it worked on problems ranging from weather forecasts , random - number studies , thermal ignition , wind - tunnel design , artillery trajectory calculations , and even development of the hydrogen bomb .
In fact , by the time it was retired in 1955 , it was estimated that the ENIAC by itself did more calculations than all of humankind did up to 1945 .
While the story of the ENIAC trails off in 1955 , our two heroes , Mauchly and Eckert , still have much to accomplish before their stories end .
The EDVAC
Even before the ENIAC ran its first test , Mauchly and Presper were very aware of its shortcomings .
So was John Von Neumann , whom many of you have heard about from the expression " Von Neumann Architecture " ( although he received too much personal credit for what was a group effort ) .
At any rate , the EDVAC was the first expression of this architecture , although Mauchly and Presper left the University of Pennsylvania where it was being built in 1946 , before the computer was finished .
At that time , there were several major issues with the ENIAC .
Sure , it was fast .
But it had very little storage .
More than that , it had to be reprogrammed by re-wiring it , which could take hours or even days , and it was inherently unreliable because the computer used so many vacuum tubes .
In addition to being unreliable , vacuum tubes also used a lot of power , required a lot of space , and generated a lot of heat .
Clearly , minimizing their use would have multiple advantages .
There were two important conceptual changes ( one of which was revolutionary ) on the EDVAC that seem very obvious today .
For one , it was binary rather than decimal , like the ENIAC , and this was much more efficient .
Also , rather than rewiring the machine every time you wanted to change the " program , " the EDVAC introduced the idea of storing the program in memory , just as if it were data .
This is what we do today .
We do not , after all , have separate RAM areas for applications and for their data ( although L1 caches typically operate this way ) .
The processor knows , based on the context in which the memory was accessed , whether it is data or an executable .
In addition , memory no longer consisted of vacuum tubes , but was stored as electrical impulses in mercury .
The mercury delay line was 100 times more efficient in terms of the electronics necessary to store data and made much larger amounts of memory feasible and more reliable .
The EDVAC was a major advance , and proved very useful until it was retired in 1960 .
It was a binary stored - program computer , which could be programmed much more quickly than the ENIAC could .
It was also much smaller , weighing less than nine tons , and consumed " only " 56 kilowatts of power .
Even still , our two heroes were not done yet .
The UNIVAC
As mentioned , Eckert and Mauchly left the University of Pennsylvania in 1946 to form the Electronic Control Co .
They incorporated their company in 1947 , calling it the Eckert - Mauchly Computer Corp. , or EMCC .
Their departure delayed the completion the EDVAC to the extent that the EDSAC , based on the EDVAC design , was actually completed before it .
The dynamic duo , however , wanted to explore the commercial opportunities that this new technology offered , which was not possible with university - sponsored research , so they developed a computer based on their ideas for the EDVAC and even superseded them .
Along the way , they created the BINAC for financial purposes , but the Universal Automatic Computer ( UNIVAC ) is really the more interesting machine .
The UNIVAC was the first - ever commercial computer , 46 units of which were sold to businesses and government after its 1951 introduction .
All machines before it were unique , meaning they only made one of them .
The difference for the UNIVAC was there were multiple UNIVACS ( meaning many of the same design ) .
Eckert and Mauchly correctly concluded that a computer could be used not only for computations , but also for data processing , while many of their contemporaries found the idea of using the same machine for solving differential equations and paying bills to be absurd .
At any rate , this observation was critical in the design and success of the UNIVAC .
On a lower level , the UNIVAC consisted of 5,200 vacuum tubes ( almost all in the processor ) , weighed 29,000 pounds , consumed 125 KW , and ran at a whopping 2.25 MHz clock speed .
It was capable of doing 455 multiplications per second and could hold 1,000 words in its mercury delay - line memory .
Each word of memory could contain two instructions , an 11 - digit number and sign , or 12 alphabetical characters .
The processing speed was roughly equivalent to the amount of time it took the ENIAC to complete the tasks that it could perform .
But in virtually every other way , it was better .
Perhaps most importantly , the UNIVAC was much more reliable ( mainly due to its use of much fewer vacuum tubes ) than the ENIAC .
On top of this , the " Automatic " in its name alluded to how it required no human effort to run .
All the data was stored and read from a metal tape drive ( as opposed to having to manually load the programs each time they were to be run with paper tapes or punched cards ) .
Using tapes made actual processing much faster than the ENIAC , since the I/O bottleneck was mitigated .
And of course , setup time re-wiring the ENIAC for the next " program " was eliminated .
There were other niceties that made their appearance on the UNIVAC as well , like buffers ( similar to a cache ) between the relatively fast delay lines and relatively slow tape drives , extra bits for data checking , and the aforementioned ability to operate on both numbers and alphabetical characters .
The UNIVAC gained additional fame by correctly predicting the landslide presidential victory of Dwight Eisenhower in 1952 on national TV .
This and the fact it was the first commercially available computer gave Remington Rand ( which had bought EMCC ) a very strong position in the burgeoning electronic computer industry .
They had thrown down the gauntlet with UNIVAC .
But what was IBM doing at this time ?
The IBM 701
While most of our esteemed readers have a good idea of IBM 's dominance in the world of computing from the mid to late 20th century , what may be less - known is where it starts , how and why it happened , and how it progressed .
Let 's start with one of the two computers it developed at the same time as the UNIVAC .
We 'll begin with the IBM 701 , which was a direct competitor to the esteemed UNIVAC .
Announced in 1952 , there were many similarities between the 701 and the UNIVAC , but many differences as well .
Memory was not stored in a mercury - delay line , but in 3 " vacuum tubes referred to as " William 's Tubes , " in deference to their inventor .
Although they were more reliable than normal vacuum tubes , they still proved to be the greatest source of unreliability for the computer .
However , one benefit was that all bits of a word could be retrieved at once , as opposed to the UNIVAC 's mercury delay lines , where memory was read bit by bit .
The CPU was also considerably faster than the UNIVAC's , which could almost perform 2,200 multiplications per second , compared to 455 for the UNIVAC .
It could also execute almost 17,000 additions and subtractions , as well as most other instructions , per second .
This was remarkable for that time .
IBM 's eight million byte tape drive was also very good and could stop and start much faster than the UNIVAC's and was capable of reading or writing 12,500 digits per second .
However , unlike the UNIVAC with its elegant buffers , the processor had to handle all I/O operations , which could severely impact performance on heavily I /O - based applications .
In 1956 , IBM introduced a technology known as RAMAC , which was the first magnetic disk system for computers .
It allowed data to be quickly read from anywhere on the disk and could be attached not just to the 701 , but to IBM 's other computers , including the 650 , which we will look at next .
As most of you no doubt realize , this technology is the progenitor to the hard disks that are very much with us today .
IBM produced 19 701 units , which were fewer than the number of UNIVACs made , but still enough to prevent Remington Rand from dominating the field .
The cost was a serious inhibitor to more widespread use , setting the user back over $ 16,000 a month .
Also , as mentioned , the 701 was only part of IBM 's response .
The 650 was the other .
The 650 Magnetic Drum Data Processing Machine
While IBM 's more direct response to the UNIVAC was the 701 ( and later the 702 ) , it also was working on a lower - end machine known as the 650 Magnetic Drum Data Processing Machine ( so named because it employed a rotating drum that spun at 12,500 revolutions per minute and could store 2,500 10 - digit numbers ) .
It was positioned somewhere between the big mainframes like the 701 and UNIVAC and the punched - card machines used at the time , the latter of which were still dominating the market .
While the 701 generated most of the excitement , the 650 earned most of the money and did much more to establish IBM as a player in the electronic computer industry .
Costing $ 3,250 per month ( IBM did n't sell computers at that time , but only leased them ) , it was much less expensive than the 701 and UNIVAC , but was still considerably more expensive than the punched - card machines so prevalent at that time .
In total , over 2,000 of these machines were built and leased .
While this greatly exceeded the 701's and UNIVAC 's deployment , it was paltry compared to the number of punched - card accounting machines that IBM sold during the same period .
Although very reliable by computer standards , it still used vacuum tubes and thus was inherently less reliable than IBM 's electromechanical accounting machines .
On top of this , it was considerably more expensive .
Finally , the peripherals for the machine were mediocre at best .
So , right up to the end of the 1950s , IBM 's dominant machine was the punched - card Accounting Machine 407 .
To be able to usurp the IBM Accounting Machine 407 , a whirlwind of changes were needed .
The computer would need better peripherals and had to become more reliable and faster , while costing less .
Our next machine is not the computer that finally banished the 407 into obsolescence -- at least not directly -- but many of the technologies that were developed for it did .
The Whirlwind Project
The Whirlwind project was ironic .
It went way over budget , took much longer than intended , and was never used in its intended role , but was arguably one of the most important technological achievements in the computer field .
In 1943 , when the US Air Force gave MIT 's Jay Forrester the Whirlwind project , he was told to create a simulator to train aircraft pilots rather than have them learn by actually being in a plane .
This intended use was very significant in that it required what we now call a " real - time system , " as the simulator had to react quickly enough to simulate reality .
While other engineers were developing machines that could process 1,000 to 10,000 instructions per second , Forrester had to create a machine capable of a minimum of 100,000 instructions per second .
On top of this , because it was a real - time system , reliability had to be significantly higher than other systems of that time .
The project dragged on for many years , long after World War II had ended .
By that time , the idea of using it for a flight simulator disappeared , and for a while , they were n't quite sure what this machine was being developed to do .
That is , until the Soviets detonated their first nuclear bomb and the U.S. government decided to upgrade its antiquated and ineffective existing air defense system .
One part of this was to develop computer - based command - and - control centers .
The Whirlwind had a new life , and with so much at stake , funding would never be a problem .
Memory , however , was a problem .
The mercury - delay line that others were using was far too slow , so Forrester decided to try a promising technology : electrostatic storage tubes .
One problem he faced was that they did not yet exist , so a lot of development work had to be put into this before he would have a working product .
But once it was completed , electrostatic storage tubes were deemed unreliable and their storage capacity was very disappointing .
Consequently , Forrester , who was always looking for better technology , started work on what would later be called " core memory . "
He passed his work on to a graduate student also working on the project , called Bill Papian , who had a prototype ready by 1951 and a working product that replaced the electrostatic memory in 1953 .
It was very fast , very reliable , and did not even require electrical refreshes to hold its values .
We 'll talk more about core memory later , but suffice it to say , it was an extremely important breakthrough that quickly became the standard for well over a decade .
Core memory was the final piece of the puzzle .
The computer was effectively complete in 1953 and first deployed in Cape Cod .
Although it failed to reach the intended performance level , it was still capable of 75,000 instructions per second .
This far exceeded anything available back then .
The technology was transferred by MIT to IBM , where the production version was re-christened the IBM AN / FSQ - 7 and saw production in 1956 .
These monsters had over 50,000 vacuum tubes , and weighed over 250 tons , which made them the largest computers ever built .
It also consumed over a megawatt of power , not including the necessary air conditioning .
SAGE ( Semi- Automatic Ground Environment ) , the bomber - tracking application for which the Whirlwind was now intended , became fully operational by 1963 .
Ironically , this was past the time when the Whirlwind was truly useful , since it was designed to track bombers , and by then , ICBMs had made their appearance a few years earlier .
Nonetheless , while the actual uses for the Whirlwind were dubious , the technologies either created or accelerated by it were extremely important .
These include not only the aforementioned core memory , but the development of printed circuits , mass - storage devices , computer graphics systems ( for plotting the aircraft ) , CRTS , and even the light pen .
Connecting these computers together gave the United States a big advantage in networking expertise and digital communications technologies .
It even had a feature we lack in modern computers : a built - in cigarette lighter and ashtray .
Clearly , it was worth the $ 8 billion that it cost to fully install SAGE , even though SAGE never helped intercept a single bomber .
The IBM 704
Announced in 1954 , the IBM 704 was the first large - scale commercially - available computer system to employ fully automatic floating - point arithmetic commands and the first to use the magnetic core memory developed for the Whirlwind .
Core memory consisted of tiny doughnut - shaped metal pieces that were roughly the size of a pin-head with wires running through them , which could be magnetized in either direction , giving a logical value of zero or one .
Core memory had a lot of important advantages , not the least of which was that it did not need power to maintain its contents ( an advantage it holds over modern memory ) .
It also allowed truly random access , where any memory location was accessed as quickly as any other ( except when interleaving was used , of course ) .
This was not the case with prior forms of memory .
It was considerably faster than other memory technologies used , having an access time of 12 microseconds .
Perhaps most importantly , however , was the much greater reliability that the IBM 704 offered .
For longer - term storage , the 704 used a magnetic drum storage unit .
For additional storage , tapes capable of holding five million characters each were used .
The 704 was quite fast , being able to perform 4,000 integer multiplications or divides per second .
However , as mentioned , it was also capable of doing floating point arithmetic natively and could perform almost 12,000 floating - point additions or subtractions per second .
More than this , the 704 added index registers , which not only dramatically sped up branches , but also reduced program development time ( since this was handled in hardware now ) .
The 704 pioneered two major technologies we have today : the index registers and floating - point arithmetic .
Magnetic core memory was also extremely useful , offering far greater speed and reliability , but it was a transient technology .
The IBM 1401 Data Processing System
While the 650 put IBM on the map , its replacement , the IBM 1401 Data Processing System , was the computer that made punched - card machines obsolete .
It is considered to be the " Model T " of the computer industry , since its combination of functionality and relative low cost allowed many businesses to start using computer technology .
Its popularity helped IBM become the dominant computer company of the era .
Ironically , its success was not entirely good for IBM , and this machine was surely not its biggest or most profitable .
In fact , in some cases , it was just used as an adjunct to its bigger brothers to transfer data on punched cards to tape and to print .
However , for the first time , the cost , reliability , and functionality made computers very attractive to many customers .
Compared to the 650 it replaced , the 1401 was roughly seven times faster , more reliable , and better - supported .
Perhaps most importantly , it had better I /O. IBM had the perspicacity to develop a machine that actually did what its customers really needed and at a cost that made sense to them .
In some ways it was too good , as it was problematic when customer after customer returned their rented accounting machines to IBM for these new wonders .
This caused a lot of short - term problems for IBM , but it was farsighted enough to bear the pain .
And history has recorded how well the new computing business model later paid off .
So , what made this computer resonate so well with customers ?
Core memory , transistors , software , and a printer were all tremendous advances , any one of which would have made the computer a big advance over the 650 .
Put them all together , and the machine outsold IBM 's expectations by over 12 to one .
We have already been introduced to core memory in the description of the 704 .
Its virtues of speed , reliability , high capacity , and lower power use made this a very important technology .
The 704 was a very expensive machine , however , and was not affordable for many businesses .
The 1401 moved this technology to a much larger market .
By now we all know what transistors are , but the improvement over existing technologies at the time included reliability , power use , heat dissipation , and cost .
The holistic approach IBM took also included software .
For the first time , free of charge , IBM included software packages for most of the needs of its customers rather than make its customers develop their own .
This was critically important , since it saved considerable time and money on in - house development and allowed businesses that did not have programmers to finally derive the benefits of computers .
And strangely , one of the biggest advantages of the 1401 was its printer .
The 1403 " chain " printer had a rated speed of 600 lines per minute , which was four times the speed of the 407 accounting machine .
It was also very reliable .
In fact , for many , the 1403 was a salient characteristic of the system and often sold the computer that went with it .
All of these contributed to a machine that transformed the computer industry .
It was extremely successful not only thanks to its excellent technical characteristics , but also due to its low starting price of only $ 2,500 per month .
In fact , after the release of the 1401 , the computer industry became known as IBM and the seven dwarfs .
The 1401 was that good .
The IBM 7090
Announced in late 1958 , IBM replaced the aging 709 ( the last of the 700 line we saw a few pages ago ) with the 7090 .
In fact , in many ways , the 7090 was essentially a 709 made with 50,000 transistors rather than vacuum tubes .
However , there were many benefits because of it , including both speed and reliability .
The 7090 and its later upgraded form , the 7094 , were classic , powerful , and very large mainframe computers -- and they were very expensive .
The 7090 cost around $ 63,500 a month to rent in a typical configuration , and that did not include electricity .
Despite its cost , the speed of this machine could still make it very appealing .
It was roughly five to six times faster than the 709 it had replaced , and was capable of 229,000 additions or subtractions , 39,500 multiplications , or 32,700 divisions in one second .
The 7094 , announced in 1962 , was capable of 250,000 additions or subtractions , 100,000 multiplications , and 62,500 divisions per second .
It could use 32,768 36 - bit words of core storage .
However , outside of implementing the newest technologies ( core memory , RAMAC , transistors , etc. ) and the consequent improvement in speed , power use , and reliability , it was not functionally very different from its predecessor .
Jobs were executed by collecting them on reels of tape and were run in batches , and the results were given back to the programmer when done .
While the performance , capacity , and reliability of these machines were impressive ( mainly due to the move to transistors and other new technologies ) , it would be a stretch to call this a groundbreaking machine that pushed the boundaries of computing .
View from the roof of the Union Square Cinema .
Try this :
Gazing straight ahead ( as you will no doubt at some point be urged to do if you start hanging out with Trevor and Ryan Oakes for any length of time these days ) , extend your right arm straight out to your side , perpendicular to your gaze , your hand in a fist , your thumb pointing upward , starting out from behind your ear and now slowly arcing the arm forward .
( The Oakes boys , that is : identical twins , just past twenty - five years old , both artists , now living in New York City but before that from out of West Virginia . )
At first you wo n’t see the upraised thumb , of course , but presently , there it will appear , at the periphery of your vision .
Keep moving your arm forward until the thumb ’s extended out there straight in front of your face at the center of your gaze ; now with your left hand extended , thumb up , hand off the arcing transit , as it were , continuing along until eventually that thumb disappears behind your other ear .
The thing is ( as the Twins will explain with earnest enthusiasm and at quite considerable length ) , there was only a short part of that transit where you were seeing the thumbs with both eyes and hence with any sort of depth perception .
Through most of the rest of the experiment , your nose was blocking the vision from out of one , and then the other , eye .
And yet your brain , your visual cortex , was weaving the scene into one continuous , undifferentiated experience .
( “ Pretty cool , no ? ” By now the Twins will have veritably lit up with boyish enthusiasm . )
Not getting it yet ?
Okay , try this :
Closing your right eye , gaze to the right with your left .
Notice how your nose , looming huge , blocks a good part of the view in that direction .
Now , shift eyes : closing your left eye and peering left with your right .
Same thing .
Pretty obvious .
Only , now , with both eyes open , gaze right , and notice how your nose pretty much disappears from your visual field , even though your left eye is in fact clearly taking it in .
Once again , your brain , your visual cortex , suppresses the thing it does n’t need to see ( the nose ) and weaves together a continuous , undifferentiated vantage .
( The Oakes Twins have been concocting little experiments like this and comparing their respective experiences pretty much since toddlerhood . )
Or , all right .
Try this :
See that tree over there in the distance ?
Close one eye and with your extended thumb block it out of your field of vision .
Straightforward , easy .
Now , close that eye and open the other , and your thumb will seem to have shifted a few inches to the side ; bring it back over and you can block out the tree again .
Okay , now leaving your thumb extended like that , open both eyes and you will notice that you can see the entire expanse before you .
Even though your thumb is manifestly blocking the scene , you can see the tree and everything to either side with perfect clarity .
And in fact you ’re not seeing your thumb .
Or rather , your thumb appears as a transparent double ghost of itself .
( And it ’s by way of little experiments like these , rigorously plotted and pursued with redoubled single - mindedness , that the Twins have recently begun making some of the most original breakthroughs in the rendering of visual space , and in particular that of three - dimensional perspective , since . . . well , actually , since the Renaissance . )
Arguably their most remarkable invention to date , or at any rate the one that has a whole lot of people talking , is based on two conceptual breakthroughs .
The first is n’t so much a breakthrough as a recovery of long - lost knowledge .
For through an extended process of investigation , the Twins arrived at an insight .
Contrary to virtually every representation in our daily lives , which following the lead of Renaissance thinkers envisions us as fording into the world , gazing straight ahead , as if through a flat window ( paintings , television , movies , computer monitors , the magazine page before you ) , in fact , each of us experiences the world as if we were inside , at the center of , a giant perceptual sphere .
Indeed , they came to realize , if you are going to represent the world , something has to be curved — be it the line ( as on a Mercator projection ) , or else the lens ( in photography ) , or else …
And here came their first insight : why not the paper ?
Would n’t it be truer to the feel of vision as we actually experience it if one rendered a scene on a piece of paper shaped like a tranche of the inner lining of a sphere ?
And as I say , in so thinking , they were precisely upending the Renaissance way of visualizing the world that has held sway ever since the breakthroughs of Brunelleschi and Van Eyk and the other giants of the early fifteenth century , one which in turn had itself been grounded in the overthrow of the prior antique / classical / medieval model of ourselves as living , precisely , at the center of a giant sphere .
Their second breakthrough , the one that has artists in particular so astonished , is that the Twins have figured out a way of rendering the world before them onto that curved sheet of paper , in fact of tracing the world onto that page freehand , as if by way of a camera obscura or a camera lucida projection , only without any equipment whatsoever beyond their own binocular vision , or more to the point , their visual cortex — deploying the same innate capacities that allow any of us to see past our doubled ghost thumb out onto the vantage before us .
A few months ago , I called on the Oakes Twins in the diminutive basement one - room apartment , just east of Union Square in New York City , that doubles these days as both their teeming workspace and their compact homepad ( a set of narrow bunk beds tucked neatly into one corner ) .
The boys are on the tallish side of average , thin , clean - cut , and somewhat more than conventionally handsome ; assiduously well - mannered and deferential and yet at the same time eminently self - assured .
It turns out that their current investigations wend all the way back to their earliest years as the children of a social worker father ( Larry , referred to as “ Lar ” by the boys ) and an itinerant academic mother specializing in children ’s literature ( Elizabeth Poe , a distant relative , as it happens , of the brooding poet , who always gets referred to by the Twins , her only children , as “ Poe ” ) .
The way other identical twins might invent a spooky secret language , the two of them became engaged in a long - term conversation , a continuous tandem investigation into the very fundaments of visual perception .
“ On long drives , ” Trevor recalls , “ we used to talk about the way a bug splattered on the windshield would appear to double if you looked out beyond it , and what then happened when you tilted your head from side to side . ”
How old were they when they were doing this ?
“ Oh , ” surmises Ryan , “ three or four . ”
They ’d dissect the foreshortening of approaching rows of telephone poles , tapping out rhythms with their fingers in syncopation with the passing poles , and they ’d talk about that .
They spent a lot of time analyzing their parents ’ potential sightlines as they hid in a pantry or up on the garage roof behind the basketball backboard .
( What for other kids was just hide - and - seek for them proved but one more occasion for investigation into optical geometry . )
Poe recalls how for a time Trevor used to go around saluting , “ Aye , Aye ! ” and then pointing to his eyeballs , giggling , “ Eye , eye ! ”
And how they were both able to freehand quite expressive versions of Garfield as early as age three .
And how when their parents took them to see a children ’s theater production of The Wizard of Oz a few years later , the thing that had the two of them most captivated was n’t anything transpiring on stage but rather the mechanics of the lighting .
Some years after that , the boys would find themselves sitting on stumps about twenty feet apart , gazing off into the distance , and trying to imagine what the depth perception of a being with eyes twenty feet apart might be like .
“ Pretty cool , ” they agreed .
On the other hand ( or perhaps as another aspect of the same general cognitive horizon ) , they were both profoundly dyslexic .
In a house jammed with children ’s books , for the longest time , well into the sixth grade , the Twins could hardly decipher a thing .
“ To our mother ’s chagrin , ” says Trevor .
“ Well , not chagrin , ” corrects Ryan , “ more like dismay . ”
“ Yeah , ” agrees Trevor .
“ Dismay . ”
They simply could n’t manage to blend the letters ( quite remarkable , when one thinks about it , in a pair of twins who in later years would find themselves veritably slicing and dicing the visual process , the better to comprehend its inner workings ) .
Meanwhile , they excelled in practically everything else : acing math , for example ( except for word problems ) .
“ We had them on both handicapped and gifted tracks simultaneously , ” Poe recalls .
Through all those years , though , their true passion was for making things .
They both recall fondly how the last year of preschool they spent days beavering away out on their driveway , hammering together wood scraps into a boat that grew to over twelve feet in length .
( Their preschool class put together a field trip to come witness the achievement . )
“ They had remarkable attention spans , ” Poe recently told me , adding , “ That may in part have been — and this is one of the few things I think we can really take credit for as their parents , since neither of us is the least bit artistic — because we forbade them television . ”
Nor were they allowed coloring books ( “ I did n’t want their imaginations squeezed between somebody else ’s lines , ” she explains ) .
On the other hand they were given all the high quality art supplies —
Elmer ’s glue , colored papers , colored markers , popsicle sticks , pipe cleaners , glitter powder , masking tape — they could desire .
“ The Popsicle sticks and glue and pipe cleaners , ” Trevor recalls dreamily , “ — the whole arsenal of tools I learned to think with . ”
They were inseparable , and , though profoundly ambitious , hardly ever seemed to compete with one another .
“ They never cared which of them won the various art competitions , ” Poe recalls , “ as long as one of them did . ”
For the longest time neither would deploy the first person singular .
It was always we - this and we - that .
Indeed , Ryan insists that it was n’t until he was fourteen and for the first time found himself separated from Trevor for any length of time — for over a month , as it happens , during a stint at sleep - away art camp — that he was forced to start thinking in terms of I .
The first several weeks there he mystified his fellow campers by continually referring to himself through a seemingly royal we , as in , “ The way we see it is .
. . ” or , “ The way we always do it is . . . ”
And to a remarkable degree this pattern persists to this day .
They are always referring individually to “ our teacher , ” “ our parents , ” or “ our patron . ”
Indeed , their twinship has seemed of the essence to both their method and their achievement all along .
The sort of conversation most singletons have with themselves — the kind of thing Hannah Arendt , following Socrates , characterized as the very essence of thinking — twins are sometimes in a position to have with one another .
How much more telling that general possibility can be when the conversation in question turns out to be about binocularity — two individuals completely in synch in an ongoing investigation into what it means to see with two eyes .
Ryan ’s high school stipple drawing of a hand reaching over a cliff ledge .
Seeing , and seeing with two eyes , was at any rate forming one of the principle motifs of the Twins ’ work by the time they got to high school .
The walls of the Oakes ’ parents ’ home today is festooned with such early experiments , hung about like so many instances of sloughed - off skin , and it was fun being given the tour by their obviously proud , if still somewhat bewildered , parents ( “ I have yet to cease being amazed at how things keep developing for the two of them , ” admitted Larry ) .
But in the end , two images really jumped out at me as harbingers of things to come .
One , Ryan ’s response to an assignment that he draw something in the stipple style — the view from high up a cliff with a close - up on a rock - climber ’s knuckles just then clambering up over the ledge — already testified to an exceptional level of ambition and self - certainty : Climbing Mt. Perspective .
The other , from Trevor ’s junior year , arose as part of a yearlong series entirely given over to bagels — rhapsodic bagels , cubist bagels , close - up bagels , bagel sculptures , and bagel oils ( “ The award this year goes to Trevor for his bagel series , ” announced the principal at that semester ’s year - end ceremony , “ though , Trevor , do n’t you think it ’s about time you learned to spell bagel ? ” ) .
The specific bagel image I have in mind is this one — talk about sliced and diced premonitions .
Such , at any rate , were the sorts of things Trevor and Ryan brought along to the various portfolio days that art schools kept holding their last years of high school , including one at the Corcoran in Washington , D.C. , for New York City ’s Cooper Union — an institution notoriously difficult to get into for any single applicant , let alone two , since only sixty students are admitted each year from throughout the country , and all with full four - year scholarships .
But in an unprecedented development , both twins were admitted , on the basis of the separate excellences of their applications , and both decided to go .
Trevor ’s high school “ sliced bagel ” drawing .
The first year at Cooper Union was given over to classes in the so - called fundamentals , with the student body divided into sectional groupings of fifteen students each , and the Twins were assigned to separate sections ( the better to foster individual development , as far as the authorities were concerned ) , which was fine by them .
Indeed , all the way through school , they ’d make a point of signing up for different sorts of classes ( Ryan taking more painting and drawing , Trevor more sculpture ) .
“ We looked at it as a way of surveying a wider range of what Cooper Union had to offer , ” says Ryan , “ because we could always share information and techniques .
And we did n’t need to be exposed to the same things for our thought process to keep moving along on a similar keel . ”
And indeed , they shared dorm rooms and studio space throughout .
Not infrequently , depending on their relative immediate workloads any given week , they would do each other ’s homework ( the academic equivalent of dating the same girl , unbeknownst to her ) .
“ Perfectly acceptable to us , ” says Ryan ( referring to the homework , while declining to comment on the question of girls ) .
For his part , from early on , Ryan focused on ways of “ justifying the marks , ” as he puts it , accounting as rigorously as possible for why and how his energy was getting expressed on any given surface before him , and on how to keep such expression from turning merely arbitrary .
Thus , for example , that first winter , he spent a lot of time staring out his dorm window , recording onto the page before him the way individual flakes of snow fell , one transit layered atop the next — letting wind and gravity dictate the work ’s outcome .
In similar fashion , he ’d start spending hour upon hour fashioning his own brushes , as a way of tending to ( and indeed intending ) another aspect of the process he otherwise found overly arbitrary .
Trevor , for his part , took some corrugated cardboard panels and cut them into three - inch squares , piling those squares one atop the next ( the corrugations all running parallel ) so as to form three - inch laminated cubes , which he then started placing one beside the next , though with thin little shim - wedges at the back between each cube , thereby presently enforcing a gentle curve in the ever - lengthening row ( a curve he would come to recognize as the inner arc of a wide circle ) .
The extended nine - foot - long cardboard - cube array eventually read as completely opaque , a solid brown wall , unless , that is , you happened to drift over to one particular spot , about fifteen feet away ( the center , as it were , of the circle in question ) , at which point all the corrugations lined up and ( magic ! ) the wall seemed to disappear entirely .
Trevor ’s nine - row , corrugated cardboard wall piece — opaque when viewed obliquely ( top ) and see - through ( bottom ) when viewed directly .
Meanwhile , their more general perceptual inquiries continued unabated .
They grew ever more fascinated by peripheral vision , and in particular the way it is experienced corporeally from out of the contours of the human face — the way for instance the field of vision seems wider horizontally than vertically ( understandable when you realize that your eyes are placed horizontally one beside , rather than atop , the other in your face , and that furthermore your jutting brow ridge tends to interfere with the view looking up , which is also suggestive of an evolutionary prehistory in which our ancestors were more likely to face threats from the ground than from the sky ) .
Testing the limits of their perceptual field , come nightfall , they would climb to the roof deck of their seven - story dorm and lie horizontally , their heads tilted back slightly ( to compensate for that annoying brow ridge ) and realize , to their astonishment , that in that manner they were able to take in not only the full hemisphere of stars above but also virtually the entire 360 degrees of the surrounding girdle of city lights .
Human perception !
There were the conversations as well in which they began to take note of the curious way in which their noses severely narrowed the expanse of their depth of field .
They became convinced that a person ’s nose , even though usually occluded by the operations of his visual cortex such that it tended to disappear from view , served to anchor the scene before him , though not in the way one might expect , as a beacon pointing the way ahead right down the middle of his visual field .
Rather , it might be more accurate , in considering bifocal vision , to think of the nose as appearing doubled to either side of the visual field , as if it were bracketing or bookending the scene before us ( blocking the right eye ’s leftmost view , and the left eye ’s rightmost ) .
And this was a phenomenon , they came to feel , with implications not only for vision generally but for art - making in particular .
One day Ryan was studying a recent suite of abstract paintings by Trevor and , never one to accept the arbitrary nature of anyone ’s mark , he took to focusing in particular on a seemingly recurrent triangular motif off in the lower corner of several of the paintings .
“ Wait a second , Trevor , ” he announced exultantly .
“ That ’s our nose ! ”
Such shapes appeared not only in Trevor ’s paintings but in those of other students as well .
And indeed , come to think of it , in those of all sorts of other , far more accomplished artists .
Ryan ’s depth - of - field / effect - of - nose drawing .
One of Trevor ’s abstract paintings , with nose - like intrusion at lower left .
Soon the two of them extended these nose investigations with more analytic rigor , literally mapping the contours of their own depth perception by each , with one eye closed and then the other , having the other twin record the precise place where a laser dot first appeared beyond their nose as it slowly made its way across a screen opposite .
The result in both cases , variations on a shield - like shape ( denoting the shape of the respective visual fields in which they were able to see the laser dot with both eyes , as opposed to just one or the other , and hence with any degree of depth perception ) , gave rise to further considerations .
For example , could it be that actual shields ( the antique or medieval armor kind ) served not only to protect their owners from their opponent ’s attack but , perhaps just as importantly , to forestall anticipation of the direction from which their own next attack would be coming , precisely by blocking out their opponents ’ entire zone of depth - perception ?
When they raised this possibility with neurologist Oliver Sacks recently , he in turn noted how it has long been noted in literature that lepers ( whose noses have fallen off ) display preternaturally good depth perception ; he also surmised that in much the way basketball selects for tall people , this might explain why boxing seems to select for flat - nosed individuals ( which is to say that boxers do n’t come by their flat noses from getting hit while boxing ; instead , all things being equal , having flat noses going into competition would make them less likely to get hit in the face in the first place ) .
David Hockney , with whom the Twins recently spent an entire afternoon in concentrated discussion , recalled the painting of a long - ago nobleman whose nose was conspicuously out of whack , on account of the fact that being blind in one eye , or so the story goes , he ’d had part of it carved away to give himself a wider field of vision .
During sophomore year Trevor lavished months and months on the creation of a truly gorgeous matchstick hemisphere .
And the longer he labored over the thing , the more the boys began to realize that the object was evincing a remarkable property : if you turned it over , every single one of the nine thousand individual matchsticks was ( of course , now that you stopped to think about it ) aimed at the same focal point at the hollow center of the hemisphere .
Thus inspired , Trevor returned to his corrugated cardboard sculpture and decided to extend it as well , laying eight rows vertically atop the original arcing length of wall , except not straight up vertically , but rather curling inward ( through the regular deployment of further shims ) , such that the resulting wall now read as a tranche of the inside of a sphere , with all its corrugated hollows pointed at the same vanishing point , from which place the seemingly opaque piece once again ( only even more startlingly ) suddenly disappeared .
Two views of Trevor ’s matchstick dome .
These material investigations ( Trevor thinking , as ever , with his originary tools ) set the stage for a series of conceptual breakthroughs by the Twins working in tandem .
For starters , they quickly recognized that the match dome mimicked , or anyway modeled , both the way light beams sped out from a single light source , say the sun or a lightbulb , and the way they sped into the eye itself .
Then one really bright spring day , as they sat in a Central Park grove out behind the Metropolitan Museum , “ under a pink blossoming tree , looking at a dark brown tree branch , ” as Ryan recalls , they suddenly realized they were surrounded by , or immersed in , a “ hyper- saturated foam ” of such light - splays .
The sun sent out its infinity of light beams ; any single one of those beams might hit , say , a spot on a pink blossoming branch , provoking another spherical explosion of light beams , only one of which would enter any given eye , along with the infinity of other converging discrete beams ricocheting off the infinity of other surfaces .
The eye in turn would be gathering its own infinity of beams , from all of those surfaces , some farther off than others .
Indeed , as the Twins now began to characterize the process , binocular depth focus was “ like eating with chopsticks , ” the sight lines from each eye intersecting , like chopstick tips grasping food , on whatever detail of the visual field one happened to be focusing on at the moment .
This in turn helped to account for the double - ghosting of objects intervening in front of that distant point of focus ( farther up the separate chopstick stalks , as it were ) , which they were also beginning to notice .
In the old days , the dyslexic boys had taken notes in class by way of a flowing series of drawings and ideograms .
Now they took to elaborating their bourgeoning theories through diagrams and figures strewn across any scrap of paper they could find : notebooks , napkins , post - it notes .
( One day their classmate Oscar dropped by their pad and happened upon a diagram savagely scrawled over a post - it note with the legend “ The whole reason perspective happens , ” which set him to laughing hysterically . )
By this time ( junior year ) , they had moved into the basement digs that have served as their home base to this day .
Trevor decided he was going to try to contrive a silkscreen roomscape that would be true to the act of looking as he was fast coming to understand it , complete with double ghosts .
The complexities involved ( including getting one eye to focus on a nearby object , the other on one further away ) were proving incredibly daunting .
But then another Sunday in the Park with Trevor , this time by himself , he happened to be holding out a small paper pad parallel to the ground in the palm of his hand , when , gazing out at the leaves on the ground , he noticed that if he focused with his right eye on the leaves and his left eye on the right side of the paper pad , a doubled image of the pad would seem to land , as it were , atop the leaves on the ground ( or vice versa ) — the image so distinct and so vivid that he could trace the leaves out exactly onto the pad with his pen .
Not the whole scene before him : just a sliver , “ a bookmark ’s worth , ” as he characterized it : a vertical slice .
( As wide , he came to understand , as the chopstick wedge emanating from out of his two eyes , the right eye converging on the leaves , the left eye ’s vantage having been interrupted by the paper pad . )
Coming home that evening , Trevor demonstrated the method for Ryan , drawing a vertical slice of the sofa before him .
“ Pretty cool , hunh ? ” he remarked , to which Ryan , ecstatic , responded , “ Are you kidding !
It ’s spectacular ! ” ( Talk about justifying one ’s lines ! )
Trevor ’s bookmark slice of the couch drawing .
Thereafter , Trevor and Ryan together quickly began perfecting the technique : drawing a bookmark slice and then folding that part of the page back and drawing the next slice over , and then folding that next part of the page , until they ’d been able to draw , or actually rather trace , an entire scene with uncanny precision .
Trevor ’s napkin illus­tration of how his couch drawing was created .
But there was a problem : the bookmark analogy was n’t quite exact .
For in fact the ghost image “ projected ” onto the page was wider at both the top and the bottom of the page .
It stood to reason if you thought about it : this was simply another instance of the kind of distortions that plague all conventional perspective systems , the reason Greenland looms so much bigger than it actually is on a Mercator projection ( Newtonian physics sufficing , as it were , for most operations at the middle of our experience but breaking up into curved Einsteinian vistas at the extremes ) .
They could n’t simply bend back the page along the curved expanse , since the next slice would prove even more curved .
Momentarily flummoxed , they looked over at Trevor ’s matchstick dome , and a light bulb suddenly seemed to go off over Manhattan , somewhere to the side of Union Square , shedding insights in every direction .
What would it be like , they wondered , if they could find a way of drawing on the inside of a sphere ?
Or rather , if they could , as it were , press a traditional gridded rectangle into the form of spheroidal segment and then use the interior surface of the thus smeared - out grid as a drawing platform ?
Each square would naturally pinch into a sort of parallelogram , with the tiles toward the center pretty much square and those toward the corners and edges growing progressively more diamond - shaped ( the lengths of the sides of each parallelogram would of course remain equal and unchanged ) .
One would also have to custom - shape each pinched “ square ” of paper accordingly ( sort of like the tiles on the space shuttle ) .
But were one able to contrive such a concave grid , one might then imagine securing it atop a tripod easel , with a headrest at the center to hold one ’s eyes steady .
Or rather one ’s left eye , since with one ’s right one would need to be seeing past the edge of any given tile out onto the world beyond .
( The process could be either additive , starting with an empty grid and adding one paper tile at a time , or subtractive , starting with a grid entirely filled over with blank tiles and working from the right edge inward , slicing away vertical rows one by one as one went along . )
Once one was finished tracing , it would be a relatively simple matter to go back and tape the now drawn - over tiles together into that full concave scene , which would in turn read much truer to the lived experience of perspective than any traditional Renaissance windowlike approximation .
All of which presupposed one were going to be willing to spend the hours and hours and hours to make it happen — which , given the history of these two particular young men , was n’t likely to present that big of a problem .
That , at any rate , was how the Twins did indeed spend most of their last year at Cooper Union .
Their first grid did in fact take just about forever to fashion , what with having to calculate and recalculate the dimensions of each square , and then to contrive the pieces of paper to fit .
And since they had fashioned the grid out of soft wire , it only lasted two drawings .
A second grid , made out of slightly stronger wire , lasted hardly any longer , though it occasioned somewhat more assured images .
Early concave grid drawing with nose - like public square in foreground .
Upon graduating from Cooper Union in 2004 , the boys started cobbling together a livelihood by working as studio assistants to artists further along in their careers , landing occasional jobs in interior design and construction , and , increasingly , by custom - crafting ever more exacting paintbrushes for artists ranging from Cecily Brown ( one of their former teachers at Cooper Union ) to Alex Katz .
Meanwhile , though , they poured the greater part of their energies into fashioning a more durable concave grid , this time precariously welded out of sheet metal ( a whole adventure in itself ) .
Within a couple of weeks of that grid ’s completion , however , they received their first commission : the view from the roof of the Union Square Cinema .
Their patron had a friend who was selling his apartment next door ( with a virtually identical view ) so as to be able to move back to London , and the guy wanted to offer that friend this extravagant souvenir .
The thing is , once the boys had completed the drawing , the patron liked it so much that he wanted to keep it for himself .
( I , too , am especially fond of this one : in particular the exceptionally realistic way the foreshortened ledge seems to fall away to the left — exactly the sort of effect that tends to get distorted in more conventional perspective renderings . )
The patron asked if they could make him a copy for his London friend so that he could keep the original , which now afforded them the opportunity to develop a system for the meticulous reproduction of these concave drawings .
Indeed , once they spread the curved strips out flat again , the resultant butterfly splay could be photographed and blown back up to identical size as the basis for an exact copy , or else either bigger or smaller ( the latter forming the basis for a series of jewel box — or rather , actually , Lucite baseball collectors ’ box—editions of subsequent drawings ) .
Shortly after that , they learned that the top floor of the Chrysler Building with its tall tight triangular windows was momentarily vacant and somehow managed to procure permission to set up shop up there for several weeks , eventually emerging with their most ambitious cityscape to date , the entire northern Manhattan skyline vividly splayed out below them .
Occasional photographs documenting the process — Trevor clambering into position at the optical cockpit behind the concave easel — formed the basis for another striking series of modular works .
Trevor and Ryan carrying the vision machine .
And so they continued on , one such concave drawing after the next , each one taking several days , sometimes several weeks to draw .
Generally speaking , it was Trevor in the drawing cockpit ( for one thing , he had progressively honed the ability to decouple the focus of his two eyes for hours at a time — not an easy thing to do even for a few minutes : just try it ) .
Indeed , with this particular body of work , Trevor had taken the conceptual lead , though Ryan was every bit as involved in realizing the cumulative vision .
“ Ryan is the more down to earth of the two , ” Lawrence Cacciatore , a Cooper Union administrator and longtime fan and observer of the Twins ’ work , surmises .
“ Trevor gets it all spatially configured and conceptualized , but there ’s something missing , and Ryan fills that gap : he helps bring the project in . ”
Something like one of those fraternal Hollywood director - producer relationships , I hazard .
“ Yeah , ” Cacciatore agrees , adding , “ As it happens , I ’m an identical twin myself , and I can understand what it means to want to complete your brother ’s thought or enterprise , not as a matter of competition or dominance , not for you to be the one completing it , but rather such that it will be complete . ”
Meanwhile , as the months passed , Trevor ’s hand was becoming more and more assured , the sheer draftsmanship evidenced in the tracings becoming ever more authoritative .
Most recently , the Twins were in Chicago , lugging their concave easel tripod from site to site , recording a variety of iconic cityscapes in the lead up to their first museum show this past fall , at the Spertus Institute on South Michigan Avenue .
( Full disclosure : it was I , in my sometime role as artistic director of the Chicago Humanities Festival , which likewise convenes every November , who initiated that match . )
Awhile back , I visited them out on the AT&T Plaza in Millennium Park , where they had pitched camp in order to capture a vantage of that other formidable optical device , British sculptor Anish Kapoor ’s splendidly gleaming , silvery mirroring Cloud Gate ( affectionately known to Chicagoans as “ The Bean ” ) .
They ’d been at work on the image for several days already and were still only halfway through .
Trevor had just begun to reach that point in his process where the Michigan Avenue skyline , smeared in a vast swooping reflection atop the Bean ’s convex pate , was in turn beginning to show up in his own concave rendering .
The sun was gleaming bright and needlelike on the top of the Bean at the peak of its midday transit , and I now asked Ryan where , given the length of time it was taking them to draw the vista , they were going to place the sun in their drawing .
“ Oh , ” he replied , nonplussed , “ we never include anything that moves in these drawings . ”
Trevor in his vision machine , drawing Anish Kapoor ’s Cloud Gate in Chicago .
The Twins completed the drawing of the Bean and set off down the street to start work on another vantage , this time of the Spertus Institute ’s startlingly fractured postmodernist glass façade jutting out into the rest of South Michigan Avenue ’s urban cliffscape .
Meanwhile , they also set to work on a fresh project .
Working with the Pollich Tallix artists ’ foundry in upstate New York ( host of projects by the likes of Jeff Koons , Roy Lichtenstein , and Claes Oldenburg ) , and with the backing of some patrons , they were going to be taking the Bean drawing and blowing it up onto a ten - by - ten - foot aluminum concave shell , for eventual display , come the spring , right there in Millennium Park at the side of the Bean itself — the better to allow passing visitors to gauge the full effect of the method , and the full marvel of their own capacities for depth perception .
The completed drawing .
Looking further into the future , the Twins talk about how they ’d someday like to contrive a similar blowup of one of their images as big as the entire far wall of a long gallery space .
Beyond that , Trevor and Ryan are entertaining other schemes as well , including their own crack at the Holy Grail of perpetrating a convincing stereoscopic 3 - D illusion without any further equipment ( goofy eyeglasses , cumbersome View - Masters ) than the viewer ’s own two eyes and visual cortex .
Of all their future projects , however , arguably the most intriguing may involve a revisioning of some of mankind ’s earliest visual manifestations .
Because remember that double ghosting thumb — the way nearby objects double up at the forefront of the visual field when one is focusing off in the distance ( even though we have grown so inured to this phenomenon across the dailyness of our lives that we no longer notice it ) ?
Lately , in their spare time , Trevor and Ryan have been surveying imagery from Neolithic cave art all over the world .
Could it be , they ’ve recently taken to wondering , that the doublings of silhouettes one keeps encountering everywhere were meant to betoken the relative closeness of the animal in question — or , even more beguilingly , that in the olden times , before our distant ancestors had grown inured the way we have , that was just the way they actually went around experiencing the world ?
Just wondering , as one always seems to be doing when one finds oneself hanging out with the Oakes Twins these days .
Just wondering .
Just a day after it was introduced , the Zune HD has been demonstrated live and is already generating buzz from at least one major blog that it could provide an experience superior to Apple 's iPod touch .
The private demo of Microsoft 's first touchscreen player at the D7 technology show on Thursday was characterized as particularly impressive .
Gizmodo's brief stint with the media player showed a refined device with an interface that would be very familiar to owners of the click pad - based Zune but , understandably , optimized for touch .
Unlike Windows Mobile phones , which are forced to use slow and imprecise resistive touchscreens , the Zune HD has a capacitive touchscreen like the iPod touch and responds both quickly and accurately to finger input .
These and the construction quality were enough to immediately surprise editor Brian Lam .
" The device is tighter and more physically beautiful than the iPod touch and it's got a better UI , " he said .
" The main menu 's scrolling [ is ] so natural through the swipe gestures . "
He also praised the more discreet yet easier to hit home button as well as its better responses to the accelerometer .
Where the iPhone often lags slightly behind the user when rotating photos or the web browser , the Zune HD 's response is almost instantaneous .
Some of Microsoft 's most heavily promoted features have n't been shown , however , including its Internet Explorer web browser and HD Radio tuning .
Also , it 's deemed unlikely that Microsoft will ever have the app support Apple can claim for its iPod.
Microsoft has made it clear the Zune wo n't have a smartphone - grade OS .
But while Microsoft has yet to lay all its cards on the table , the early positive reaction is a sharp contrast to the reaction Zunes have had so far in the market compared to the iPod touch .
It was n't until mid-2008 that the Redmond , Washington - based company had sold its 2 millionth Zune , and its revenue from the media players has dropped sharply enough that some have suggested the Zune might only live on through Microsoft 's planned " Zune Mobile " software component for Windows Mobile phones .
For now , Lam claims that only Microsoft 's usual insistence on Windows - only support is likely to keep him from owning one himself .
She had stopped to ask the three girls , who were aged around 15 or 16 , if they knew the way and they insisted on getting into the car to take her there .
Preliminary thoughts on the tax bill :
1 . It ’s not the way you should make policy — it ’s clumsy , and it will punish some innocent parties while letting the most guilty off scot - free
2 . But — there was n’t much alternative at this point .
And for that I blame the Obama people .
I ’ll leave to others the question of who knew or should have known that the bonus firestorm was coming ; but it ’s part of a pattern .
At every stage , Geithner et al have made it clear that they still have faith in the people who created the financial crisis — that they believe that all we have is a liquidity crisis that can be undone with a bit of financial engineering , that “ governments do a bad job of running banks ” ( as opposed , presumably , to the wonderful job the private bankers have done ) , that financial bailouts and guarantees should come with no strings attached .
This was bad analysis , bad policy , and terrible politics .
This administration , elected on the promise of change , has already managed , in an astonishingly short time , to create the impression that it ’s owned by the wheeler - dealers .
And that leaves it with no ability to counter crude populism .
Away We Go
A few months ago , my friend Malki ! , who sometimes works in the movie industry editing trailers , remarked that Away We Go was one of the best movies he'd seen in years and that you should n't watch any trailers for it because that might ruin it .
So that 's what I did , and not knowing anything about the movie other than what was on the poster walking into the theater , I saw it this weekend .
It was ... really good !
I still have n't watched any trailers for it yet so I do n't know if they'd have hurt the experience , but I really liked it .
It was cute and fun and heartbreaking in all the best ways :'3
Edmonton -- The discovery of a gruesome feeding frenzy that played out 73 million years ago in northwestern Alberta may also lead to the discovery of new dinosaur species in northwestern Alberta .
University of Alberta student Tetsuto Miyashita and Frederico Fanti , a paleontology graduate student from Italy , made the discovery near Grande Prairie , 450 kilometres northwest of Edmonton .
Miyashita and Fanti came across a nesting site and found the remains of baby , plant - eating dinosaurs and the teeth of a predator .
The researchers matched the teeth to a Troodon , a raptor - like dinosaur about two metres in length .
This finding has opened new doors in dinosaur research on this part of the continent : " It established that dinosaurs were nesting at this high latitude , " said Miyashita .
" It also shows for the first time a significant number of Troodons in the area [ who ] hunted hatchling dinosaurs . "
Over the course of two summers of field work Miyashita and Fanti began building a theory that Grande Prairie is a " missing link " between known dinosaur species that existed much further to the north and south .
" Prior to this there were no localities with a variety of dinosaurs and other animals between Alaska and southern Alberta , " said Myiashita .
The list of new finds for the area includes armoured and thick - headed plant eaters and fossilized freshwater fish and reptiles .
Miyashita says this small pocket of previously undiscovered life could have had interactions that lead to the evolution of new species .
" New dinosaurs were n't created by interbreeding , " said Miyashita .
" Having a variety of dinosaurs in one area creates new ecological interactions such as competition for food and predation .
" That can lead to the evolution of a new species . "
One Grande Prairie dinosaur the researchers suspect is a new species is the Duck bill .
Miyashita says unlike the Duck bill found further north in Alaska , the Grande Prairie has a visible bump or crest on its forehead .
The pair will go back to Grande Prairie area in 2010 to focus on finding other dinosaur species in the area .
###
Miyashit and Fanti's work was published this month in Palaeogeoraphy , Palaeocilmatology , Palaeoecology .
To arrange an interview with Tetsuto Miyashita or acquire artwork depicting the variety of dinosaurs in the Grande Prairie area please contact Brian Murphy .
A CNN in - depth investigation peels back the shadows with the grippy tongs of journalism to reveal a highly disturbing phenomenon : iPhones are sensitive to water .
Advertisement
Kristile Cain took her iPhone to the Apple Store when the headphone jack started flipping out .
She almost got a new one , until the Genius spotted the moisture indicator : Her iPhone had been moist .
But she had never dunked in water !
Is the iPhone so absorbent it simply pulls water out of the air ?
" My only guess is that when I take a shower , I always put the phone on the counter , and the steam must have caused [ condensation ] . "
Oh. [ CNN ]
welcome to opposite world …
All too often people confuse a debate out of pity or common courtesy for equal standing .
And all too often , cranks are happy to take advantage of that perception .
Ah , the Templeton Foundation , that bottomless pit of money ready to be doled out to anyone willing to serve as a pawn in their master plan to forcibly merge science and religion .
They ’ve been very busy lately , buying flash ads on science blog networks , putting together apologetics websites and having their fellows try to ensnare big name atheists into existential debates .
Case in point , prominent philosopher Daniel Dennett was asked to provide his thoughts to a Templeton fellow on the subject of materialism .
He refused of course , citing an odd anecdote about these sorts of public debates .
Here it is , slightly edited for style …
Many years ago I made the mistake of participating , with some good scientists , in a conference pitting us against astrologers and other new age fakes .
I learned to my dismay that even though we thoroughly dismantled the opposition , many in the audience ended up , paradoxically , with an increased esteem for astrologers !
As one person explained to me I figured that if you scientists were willing to work this hard to refute it , there must be something to it !
First of all , I have to ask what kind of conference that was and who mailed out the invites to the audience .
The idea that because scientists are willing to put in the time and effort to refute something means what they try to refute must have some sort of validity is exactly the reason why we need skeptical and popular science blogs .
You know what else scientists would go to great lengths to refute ?
That anti-freeze helps you feel warm when you ’re trapped in a snowstorm and your power goes out .
Does that mean that next time you ’re snowed in , you should drink some anti-freeze because a scientist said not to do it ?
Because this is exactly what that person ’s logic seems to imply .
Scientists refute ideas based on erroneous thinking and cast doubt on claims that do n’t come with tangible evidence .
That ’s part of their job .
And having some healthy skepticism about what people tell you used to be a good thing .
Funny enough , many people are still skeptical , but they ’re skeptical about the wrong thing .
Instead of listening to a panel of experts well versed in a particular topic , they rush to praise cranks who present themselves as rebels against the establishment of science and cast a skeptical glare towards those who probably know the topic best .
I see the same thing in numerous comments on this blog .
People who are so skeptical of almost everything that comes out of a scientist ’s mouth and demanding proof that 2 + 2 really does equal 4 , seem to blindly trust those who insist it must equal seven and blame the establishment for being too rigid not to give the 2 + 2 = 7 proponents the time of day .
It ’s almost as if you step into opposite land .
Finally , another thing that bothers me .
How come if I were to turn this blog into watered down apologetics , the coffers of religious foundations would open to throw some cash my way but since I write about science , there does n’t seem to be anyone in a rush to sponsor the subject matter ?
In fact , newspapers and media channels have slashed science departments and cast out science writers in favor of giving self - important pundits even more opportunities to pontificate .
There seems to be a very tight budget for science and skepticism in popular culture while the sheer amount of money people are ready to waste on meaningless , important - sounding fluff is measured in the billions .
But then again , like I ’ve said before , woo is big business …
" So live your life that the fear of death can never enter your heart .
Trouble no one about their religion ; respect others in their view , and demand that they respect yours .
Love your life , perfect your life , beautify all things in your life .
Seek to make your life long and its purpose in the service of your people .
Prepare a noble death song for the day when you go over the great divide .
Always give a word or a sign of salute when meeting or passing a friend , even a stranger , when in a lonely place .
Show respect to all people and grovel to none .
When you arise in the morning give thanks for the food and for the joy of living .
If you see no reason for giving thanks , the fault lies only in yourself .
Abuse no one and no thing , for abuse turns the wise ones to fools and robs the spirit of its vision .
When it comes your time to die , be not like those whose hearts are filled with the fear of death , so that when their time comes they weep and pray for a little more time to live their lives over again in a different way .
Sing your death song and die like a hero going home . "
" city on a hill , "
" inspirational notion "
" deep in the American psyche , "
" the distinctive spirit of American individualism and enterprise "
" the distortions of the American idea , " " the abuse of reality . "
" reality itself " : the " idea "
" city on a hill "
" ordained by God . "
" Come over and help us . "
" the idea of America , "
" shining city on the hill , "
" humanitarian intervention , "
" humanitarian intervention "
" the utter extirpation of all the Indians in most populous parts of the Union " by means " more destructive to the Indian natives than the conduct of the conquerors of Mexico and Peru . "
" that hapless race of native Americans , which we are exterminating with such merciless and perfidious cruelty ... among the heinous sins of this nation , for which I believe God will one day bring [ it ] to judgement . "
" merciless and perfidious cruelty "
" the West was won . "
" idea . "
" individualism and enterprise , "
" of conquest , colonization , and territorial expansion unequaled by any people in the 19th century . "
— Chief Tecumseh , Shawnee Nation , quoted in Lee Sulzman , " Shawnee History " 1768 -1813
" The American idea is revealed in the country 's birth as aanthat residesand bydemonstrated in the Western expansion .
Journalist Geoffrey Hodgson , ( author of ) error , it seems , is that he is keeping toLet us then turn toof America from its earliest days .
The inspirational phrasewas coined by John Winthrop in 1630 , borrowing from the Gospels , and outlining the glorious future of a new nationOne year earlier his Massachusetts Bay Colony created its Great Seal .
It depicted an Indian with a scroll coming out of his mouth .
On that scroll are the wordsThe British colonists were thus pictured as benevolent humanists , responding to the pleas of the miserable natives to be rescued from their bitter pagan fate .
The Great Seal is , in fact , a graphic representation offrom its birth .
It should be exhumed from the depths of the psyche and displayed on the walls of every classroom .
It should certainly appear in the background of all of the Kim Il - Sung - style worship of that savage murderer and torturer Ronald Reagan , who blissfully described himself as the leader of awhile orchestrating some of the more ghastly crimes of his years in office , notoriously in Central America but elsewhere as well .
The Great Seal was an early proclamation ofto use the currently fashionable phrase .
As has commonly been the case since , theled to a catastrophe for the alleged beneficiaries .
The first Secretary of War , General Henry Knox , describedLong after his own significant contributions to the process were past , John Quincy Adams deplored the fate of Thecontinued untilInstead of God 's judgment , the heinous sins today bring only praise for the fulfillment of the American
The conquest and settling of the West indeed showed thatso praised by journalist Roger Cohen .
Settler - colonialist enterprises , the cruelest form of imperialism , commonly do .
The results were hailed by the respected and influential Senator Henry Cabot Lodge in 1898 .
Calling for intervention in Cuba , Lodge lauded our record - Noam Chomsky ( Excerpt : " Why We Ca n't See The Trees Or The Forest - The Torture Memos and Historical Amnesia , " TomDispatch.com , 5.19.2009 .
Image : The 1st Great Seal of the Massachusetts Bay Colony , 1631 ) .
The Prelatura del Opus Dei , a sinister , secretive group of Catholic extremists whom most people will recognise from The Da Vinci Code , are threatening a Danish game producer with legal action due to alleged trademark violation .
Opus Dei : Existence After Religion , billed as “ the world ’s first atheist card game ” , is the brainchild of two young philosophy students .
Managing Director of Demas Games , Mark Rees- Andersen , trademarked Opus Dei in Denmark , the cultists having let it expire in 1996 .
The game was launched in January this year .
Less than a month later , the Prelatura sent a threatening letter via their Spanish lawyers , Ungria , claiming that their trademark rights had been infringed , and telling the producers “ in order to avoid that this conflict results in legal actions ” :
– To immediately cease using the words OPES DEI , alone or with any other word , number or device , or any confusingly similar expression , to distinguish any of your goods or services , or in the advertising of the same .
– To proceed to remove from commerce all existing documentation of any type that alludes to the goods / services that you manufacture and / or market including the words OPUS DEI
– To voluntary [ sic ] withdraw your Community trademark application No. 7.284.953 , your trademark application in Denmark No. VR015809 OPUS DEI : EXISTENCE AFTER RELIGION and domain names including the expression OPUS DEI .
In other words , destroy your entire stock .
As the students had spent a great deal of time and money on the project , they tried to open up a rational dialogue with the litigious biscuit - munchers .
Their offer was declined .
To the rescue comes Danish law firm GFK .
They offered to defend the game - makers pro bono , believing them to have a strong case which could well serve as a principle case for the future .
Indeed , the words “ opus dei ” have been in common use for centuries , and must surely be in the Public Domain .
Plus the trademark held by the religious organisation does not cover its use in the production and marketing of novelty games .
So Dema games will fight on .
The first battle will take place here in the UK , where the Catholic cultists have challenged their rights to the domain name opus - dei.co.uk .
This looks like it will be an easy victory for the good guys , as a Nominet mediator has assured Rees - Andersen that there have been many previous case - decisions which support them .
There is also a Facebook group you can join .
Opus Dei have had their fingers burnt in trademark disputes before – most amusingly in Chile back in 2005 .
They tried unsuccessfully to sue a LGBT newspaper for trademark infringement and causing offence .
The paper ’s name : Opus Gay .
( Hat tip : G&LH Magazine , where this story first broke )
Homelessness is a major problem in the queer community as evidenced by the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force 's report " An Epidemic of Homelessness " .
A staggering 42 % of homeless youth nationwide identify as LGBTQ .
One in five transgender people are homeless and in need of services or are at risk .
A disproportionate amount of queer homeless individuals are also people of color .
Why are queer people at a higher risk for homelessness ?
LGBTQ people especially youth are often dependent on their parents / guardians to take care of them emotionally , and financially .
Most the LGBTQ youth who are homeless are runaways or were kicked out of their homes due to a lack of acceptance of their sexual or gender identity .
Transgender people are at a higher risk for homelessness due to lack of societal acceptance , lack of aide in transition , and trans people often face serious challenges finding employment .
Older gay people are also at risk due to lack of government recognition of their partnerships .
There are countless tragic stories of people who were dependent on a partner , and after the passing of the partner had no right to inheritance , losing their home and belongings .
Challenges faced by LGBTQ homeless people :
In addition to the regular societal ill treatment of homeless folks , LGBTQ people in particular face harassment , and violence on the streets and in shelters , from homeless and non-homeless people alike .
They also suffer lack of access to food and shelter , from mental health issues , substance abuse , and risky sexual behavior which leads to higher rates of HIV / AIDS amongst gay and bisexual homeless men .
Getting by as a queer person on the streets :
Many queer people who are homeless are forced into prostitution with no other means of attaining their daily necessities .
Due to crack downs on sex workers and homeless populations in general , a significant amount of queer people end up in jail .
Lesbian and bisexual girls are overrepresented in the juvenile justice system and are forced to cohabitate with homophobic prisoners .
Gay male youth are taunted by inmates and prison guards and have no place to turn to for support , often suffering from violence , harassment , and rape .
Because of the dangerous conditions in the shelters , many LGBTQ people prefer the streets and sleeping in trains .
What 's being done to help homeless sexual minorities ?
Sadly , not much is being done on the state or federal level to specifically address the issue .
Some LGBTQ organizations have stepped in to do more research and provide shelters for queer homeless youth .
There are also 24 hour suicide prevention hot lines and an LGBTQ runaway switchboard providing local resources .
There is also a growing trend of LGBTQ individuals who are adopting queer youth who were forced onto the streets or the foster care system .
Resources for homeless , at risk queer people , and those who want to learn more and help :
Call or email the GLBT National Help Center
Listing of National & International LGBTQ Homeless Shelters
Search GLBT Near
Me under the topic crisis in your location .
For young people in foster care who have questions about LGBT - related discrimination or abuse , a service of Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund , 866- LGBTeen ( 542-8336 ) ( Pacific Standard Time ) Monday - Friday , 6:00 a.m.-2:30 p.m .
Free , downloadable brochure with statistics , information and resources for your clinic or counseling waiting room or the literature rack in your classroom or library .
http://www.1800runaway.org/pub_mat/documents/LGBTQ.pdf
Best Practices for LGBT Homeless Youth
Transitioning Our Shelters - A Guide to Making Homeless Shelters Safe for Transgender People
Boston is one of the best U.S. cities for cleantech .
Image credit : Daniel Schwen .
Cleantech is becoming increasingly popular as an industry .
Cleantech companies are those that focus their efforts around innovations associated with environmental sustainability .
These are companies that produce earth - friendly products , or companies that work to develop the technology necessary to make renewable energy more affordable and efficient .
The cleantech industry can even include services that help companies and individuals implement a more environmentally - friend lifestyle .
With recent announcements from President Barack Obama with regard to a green economy in the U.S. , cleantech is likely to become more popular in the future as venture capitalists flock to what they hope will result in big returns .
Here are 5 U.S. cities that offer possibilities for cleantech companies :
1. Boston :
In 2008 , the Boston area saw an investment of $ 387.17 million in greentech projects .
This represents a gain of 6.8 % over 2007 -- not too shabby in a down economy .
The Boston area includes Aeronautica Windpower , Conservation Services Group , Boston - Power , Inc. , Evergreen Solar , GreatPoint Energy and others .
2. Denver : Denver represents a vanguard city in the area of cleantech .
The Colorado Clean Tech Initiative ensures that start - up businesses in the state receive some help with funding .
Denver has a blueprint for use and transportation that focuses on sustainability .
The city was one of the first to get a alternative fuel vehicles for the city , and boasts the first major airport to reach ISO 14001 standards .
3. Seattle :
This year , at the annual Business Plan competition at the University of Washington , cleantech business ideas garnered a great deal of attention .
In a city that is vying for the label " greentech hub " , that is no real surprise .
Indeed Seattle is on a short list of cities that are likely to receive millions in funding for the purpose of jump starting alternative energy technology .
An annual budget from the federal government , if Seattle is approved as a R&D center , could be as high as $ 200 million .
4. Austin : Widely considered the most progressive city in the state of Texas , it is no wonder that Austin is one of the premier cities for the cleantech industry .
Indeed , Austin is providing the new headquarters for the Clean Technology & Sustainable Industries Organization ( CTSI ) .
CTSI chose Austin because it has a thriving cleantech community , consisting of researchers ( including at the university level ) , sustainable development and investment .
The Innovate Texas Foundation is also located in Austin , and expects to work with CTSI .
5. San Francisco :
It would n't be right to leave out a California city .
( San Jose also has a growing cleantech industry presence . )
San Francisco regularly hosts the Cleantech Forum , bringing in cleantech ideas from all over the U.S. San Francisco has a sustainability plan that tackles air quality , biodiversity , energy issues and green economic development .
Start - up companies can usually find some niche for its services in San Francisco .
Explore further Huge drop in clean - tech venture funding
Brutal Legend Will Rock Your Face
New screenshots of Tim Schafer and Double Fine Productions ' action heavy metal fantasy show all we could hope for -- hot rods , roadies , demons , axes , and Flying V axes .
If the screenshots do n't have you throwing devil horns , this rocking artwork should .
Published by EA , Brutal Legend moshes onto Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 this fall .
Business Activity
Six industries reported increased business activity , and 10 industries reported decreased activity for the month of May .
Real Estate , Rental & Leasing ; Utilities ; Construction ; Retail Trade ; Arts , Entertainment & Recreation ; and Accommodation & Food Services .
The industries reporting decreased business activity in May — listed in order — are : Mining ; Other Services ; Agriculture , Forestry , Fishing & Hunting ; Health Care & Social Assistance ; Finance & Insurance ; Educational Services ; Wholesale Trade ; Transportation & Warehousing ; Professional , Scientific & Technical Services ; and Public Administration .
Bob DeMarco is a citizen journalist and twenty year Wall Street veteran .
Bob has written more than 500 articles with more than 11,000 links to his work on the Internet .
Content from is a citizen journalist and twenty year Wall Street veteran .
Bob has written more than 500 articles with more than 11,000 links to his work on the Internet .
Content from All American Investor has been syndicated on Reuters , the Wall Street Journal , Fox News , Pluck , Blog Critics , and a growing list of newspaper websites .
Bob is actively seeking syndication and writing assignments .
The series below , the NMI Business Activity Index , shows a different picture of the economy than the more popular and more widely publicized NMI ( Non-Manufacturing Index ) .
The NMI rose .3 of a percent to 44 .
The BSI registered a 2.8 percent drop .
ISM 's Non-Manufacturing Business Activity Index in May registered 42.4 percent , a decrease of 2.8 percentage points when compared to the 45.2 percent registered in April .
Two industries reported no change from April .
Comments from respondents include : " Many initiatives and plans on hold " ; and " Delay in start date of new client projects . "
The industries reporting growth of business activity in May — listed in order — are :
On this Friday before the long weekend , we ’ve put together five video tours of newsrooms that are new , innovative , or otherwise noteworthy .
The first , above , is one I shot during a visit to Talking Points Memo earlier this month .
Andrew Golis , deputy publisher of TPM , walked me around the site ’s new loft on the seventh floor of a red - brick building in the Chelsea neighborhood of Manhattan .
The faces you ’ll see , in order of appearance : Golis , Ben Craw ( editor of TPMtv ) , Justin Elliott ( homepage editor ) , Lila Shapiro ( editor of TPM Cafe ) , interns , Eric Kleefield ( reporter for TPMDC ) , Brian Beutler ( TPMDC reporter and the site ’s newest hire ) , Zachary Roth ( reporter for TPMMuckraker ) , Diane Rinaldo ( VP of sales , whom we interviewed about TPM’s ad strategy ) , Al Shaw ( associate publisher in charge of IT ) , Millet Israeli ( general manager and general counsel ) , and Josh Marshall ( founder , editor , publisher , and Israeli ’s husband ) .
Though their journalistic methods may be novel , TPM ’s newsroom has a familiar feel : very smart , very young journalists working too hard in hip but unglamorous quarters .
However , most newsrooms do n’t have a Polk Award ( very briefly sort of visible on top of the bookshelf near Israeli ’s desk ) .
After the jump , video tours of the Gawker Media , Daily Telegraph , Spokesman Review , and Valley Independent Sentinel newsrooms .
And at the very end , there ’s a transcript of our TPM video .
The open layout with reporters working at long tables may become the new - media standard because it ’s almost identical to what you ’ll find in Gawker Media ‘s new offices in New York .
Here ’s a brief video of those digs shot by YouTube user hirbehozo and recently promoted by Gawker chief Nick Denton :
To accompany that video , check out this seating chart published by Gawker alum Choire Sicha at The Awl , his new venture with fellow alum Alex Balk :
Next is The Daily Telegraph in London , which recently integrated its web and print operations while laying out the newsroom around a central “ hub . ” [ UPDATE , 11:52 a.m. :
As luck would have it , Mel Exon has a great post today with much more on The Telegraph ’s newsroom . ]
This video ( suggested by @gabosama on Twitter ) was produced by the Innovation International Media Consulting Group :
The Spokesman Review ’s “ transparent newsroom ” you see in this video is more conceptual than architectural .
Readers can participate in webcasts of the Spokane paper ’s daily news meetings , and editors regularly explain their decisions to the public .
Or at least that was the idea when this video was produced last spring , before the same economic perils facing the rest of the industry hit Spokane .
A new round of job cuts in October prompted the resignation of editor Steven Smith ( who features prominently in this video ) and the elimination of many of the paper ’s hallmarks of transparency .
This video was also produced by Innovation Consulting :
Finally , when I asked for suggestions of newsroom tours on Twitter yesterday , my favorite response came from The Valley Independent Sentinel , a hyperlocal , online - only news startup in Connecticut that plans to launch this summer with a grant from the Knight Foundation .
Their two - person operation wo n’t wow anyone — they do n’t even have phones yet — but in many ways , it is more a newsroom of the future than any of those above :
If you liked any of these , check out the action at Chris O’Brien ’s The Next Newsroom Project .
And here ’s a transcript of our TPM video :
If you do n’t get the joke , this image search may help you .
[ Photo courtesy of Certified Bullshit Technician . ]
Page Type : Article
( This page and content are ( c ) Jeremy Collake 2008 - 2012 )
» Welcome » WL - 530G » WRT54G5 CFE
This is the original WRT54G - GS v5 - v6 flashing page , not a republished work .
This is where the reverse engineering and software development came from .
If you find these works useful , consider donating to the project .
( this is a static image of what *used to be* a functional wiki .
Some links may be broken .
The wiki software is incompatible with our new server and maybe insecure , so was abandoned .
WARNING : Flashing your router with a third - party firmware VOIDs the warranty .
You can not rely on a reversion firmware being available .
I never have posted the reversion firmwrare for the GS .
Do not return routers after you 've flashed them , this just encourages the vendors to make sure third party firmwares can not be used .
WARNING : You may brick your router if something goes wrong .
You assume full liability for whatever happens and hold nobody responsible for damages , tangible or intangible , resulting from the use or mis-use of information or software found here .
You ( the user ) assumes all liability .
WARNING : At the moment for WRT54GS units this is a one way operation .
However , WRT54G units can be reverted no problem .
Also , if you know what you 're doing you can manually revert your WRT54GS ( or other model ) using a customized version of OpenWrt .
I 've not finished the automated WRT54GS reversion firmware because there was long ago a minor problem with OpenWrt that caused it to crash when restoring the original boot loader .
I later determined the problem and fixed it , but never updated the reversion firmware .
I do n't profit or benefit from this work , and have put so much time into it .. that I just have n't had a chance to do this last step for the WRT54GS .
I sure got everything ready though , someone can easily create a reversion firmware .
As a last resort , you CAN revert your GS unit using the ' G ' reversion firmware , but it will then be a WRT54G instead of WRT54GS , and accept Linksys WRT54G firmware images .
Flashing third - party linux firmwares on the WRT54G / GS v5 , v6 without hardware modifications
Project overview and history
The risks ( PLEASE READ )
If something goes wrong during the flash , like a power outage in the couple of seconds it takes to flash the CFE , your unit will be bricked , recoverable only by JTAG .
This risk is small , but real .
If you do n't follow instructions here , or do n't read warnings , you are in for a world of bricked routers .
Compatibility
Device Notes WRT54G v1-v4 unnecessary WRT54GL v1 , v1.1 unnecessary WRT54G v5 fully supported WRT54G v5.1 fully supported WRT54G v6 fully supported WRT54G - D2 fully supported WRT54G v7 not supported - Atheros * 1 WRT54GS v1 -v4 unnecessary WRT54GS v5 fully supported WRT54GS v5.1 fully supported WRT54GS v5.2 fully supported WRT54GS v6 fully supported
How to flash linux on to your router
The firmware options
DD - WRT micro
Open
Wrt micro - X - Wrt
Step - by - step : Flashing DD - WRT on to your router
For the WRT54G v5 , v5.1 , and v6 ONLY
Download [ vxworks_prep_v03.zip ] and extract .
Download [ vxworks_killer_g_v06.zip ] and extract , OR create a custom firmware image with your MAC address embedded in it .
See the ' Changing your MAC address ' section below for more information .
Download [ DD - WRT micro generic ] .
You may want to check [ DD - WRT ] to make sure there is n't a newer version than v23 SP2 beta 08/03/06 .
Do not use the one labelled ' WRT54G ' or ' WRT54GS ' , use the ' generic ' version .
If you do n't know how to use ( or do n't have ) a console mode TFTP tool ( i.e. tftp.exe ) , download the [ Linksys TFTP transfer tool ] .
You will want to assign your network adaptor a manual IP address , since you may loose your automatically configured one and have trouble TFTP'ing the firmware .
To do this see the troubleshooting section or google it .
It 's done at the properties dialog of your network connection , in the ' Internet Protocol ( TCP / IP ) ' properties .
Go to your router 's web based interface and enter the ' Administration ' tab .
Then select ' Firmware Upgrade ' and choose the vxworks_prep_v03.bin file .
Hit apply .
After a minute , your browser window will go blank .
At this point , power cycle your router .
Again point your web browser to http://192.168.1.1.
You 'll see a different sort of firmware upgrade screen .
This is the Management Mode .
Select and apply the vxworks_killer_g_v06.bin firmware upgrade .
WAIT for your browser window to turn to report ' Success ' .
Have troubles ?
Try a different web browser , the http daemon in management mode is very finicky .
Now unplug the power cord of your router , then plug it back in .
The power LED should now be blinking .
Now you need to do a binary mode TFTP transfer of DD - WRT micro generic to your router .
To do this you can use the Windows TFTP console mode utility , the Linksys TFTP Windows GUI utility , or some other TFTP client .
You may have to disable your firewall if by some chance it is blocking outgoing connections on port 69 .
Many TFTP clients do n't default to binary mode , so be sure to specify it ( i.e. the - i switch with the Windows console mode TFTP utility ) .
For Windows TFTP console mode utility ( example , adjust accordingly ) :
tftp - i 192.168.1.1 put dd-wrt.v23_micro_generic.bin
For the GUI utility
simply enter your router 's IP ( 192.168.1.1 ) , select dd-wrt.v23_micro_generic.bin , leave the password field blank , and initiate the transfer .
For the WRT54GS v5 , v5.1 and v6 ONLY
SERIOUS WARNING -- NO REVERSION TO VXWORKS ON THESE UNITS :
At the moment for WRT54GS units this is a one way operation .
No reversion back to VxWorks is available .
I never got around to creating the GS reversion firmware .
It could EASILY be created by someone using the tools I 've written and the documentation here .
A person once sent me a GS router hoping I might , but I did n't get to it and now no longer have that router .
If someone would like to send me another GS unit , I will maybe get around to creating the reversion firmware .
Also , if you 'd like to donate other routers , feel free .
Note that I make absolutely no guarantees that I 'll complete anything though .
Download [ vxworks_prep_gs_v03.zip ] and extract .
Download and extract [ vxworks_killer_gs_v08.zip ] , OR create a custom firmware image with your MAC address embedded in it .
See the ' Changing your MAC address ' section below for more information .
Download [ DD - WRT micro generic ] .
You may want to check [ DD - WRT ] to make sure there is n't a newer version than v23 SP1 .
Do not use the one labelled ' WRT54G ' or ' WRT54GS ' , use the ' generic ' version .
If you do n't know how to use ( or do n't have ) a console mode TFTP tool ( i.e. tftp.exe ) , download the [ Linksys TFTP transfer tool ] .
You will want to assign your network adaptor a manual IP address , since you may loose your automatically configured one and have trouble TFTP'ing the firmware .
To do this see the troubleshooting section or google it .
It 's done at the properties dialog of your network connection , in the ' Internet Protocol ( TCP / IP ) ' properties .
Go to your router 's web based interface and enter the ' Administration ' tab .
Then select ' Firmware Upgrade ' and choose the vxworks_prep_gs_v03.bin file .
Hit apply .
After a minute , your browser window will go blank .
At this point , power cycle your router .
Again point your web browser to http://192.168.1.1.
You 'll see a different sort of firmware upgrade screen .
This is the Management Mode .
Select and apply the vxworks_killer_gs_v08.bin firmware upgrade .
WAIT for your browser window to turn to report ' Success ' .
Have troubles ?
Try a different web browser , the http daemon in management mode is very finicky .
Now unplug the power cord of your router , then plug it back in .
The power LED should now be blinking .
Now you need to do a binary mode TFTP transfer of DD - WRT micro generic to your router .
To do this you can use the Windows TFTP console mode utility , the Linksys TFTP Windows GUI utility , or some other TFTP client .
You may have to disable your firewall if by some chance it is blocking outgoing connections on port 69 .
Many TFTP clients do n't default to binary mode , so be sure to specify it ( i.e. the - i switch with the Windows console mode TFTP utility ) .
For Windows TFTP console mode utility ( example , adjust accordingly ) :
tftp - i 192.168.1.1 put dd-wrt.v23_micro_generic.bin
For the GUI utility
simply enter your router 's IP ( 192.168.1.1 ) , select dd-wrt.v23_micro_generic.bin , leave the password field blank , and initiate the transfer .
Finalizing
username : root
password : admin
Trouble - shooting flash of linux
Make sure you waited for the router to flash the firmware and reboot itself .
This takes a minute .
There should be no need to power cycle it .
Make sure you flashed the micro generic build of DD - WRT .
You 've probably lost your automatically assigned IP address .
You need to manually set your network connection 's IP address .
Go to the properties of your network connection , select ' Internet Protocol ( TCP / IP ) ' , hit ' Properties ' , then enter this :
IP = 192.168.1.99 Subnet mask = 255.255.255.0 Gateway = 192.168.1.1 ( optional ) set first DNS server to 192.168.1.1
Since the MAC address of the router has changed , you may need to flush your ARP table ( command : arp -d *)
Some users have reported the need to set the network adaptor to 10 Base - T half - duplex .
In Windows XP , this can be found by clicking the ' configure ' button beside the name of your network adaptor in the network connection properties .
I suggest trying this if you still can not contact the router .
Do n't forget to change it back .
Probably not .
If ALL the ethernet port LEDs on the front of the router are constantly lit AND your power LED is flashing , then yes .
Otherwise , NO IT IS NOT BRICKED .
It can be recovered .
However , it it may not be recoverable if you do anything crazy like start shorting pins .
Be patient , ask for help in the forums .
Try a different build of DD - WRT .
The v23 SP2 betas are superior micro builds to the final v23 SP1 .
Visit the forums at http://www.dd-wrt.com or the forums at http://www.linksysinfo.org .
How to revert back to the original Vxworks based Linksys firmware
Automatic reversion ( MAC address and serial # not restored )
For the WRT54G v5 , v5.1 , and v6 ONLY
Download [ http://pecompact.com/files/vxworks_revert_v02.zip] and extract .
Download the latest Linksys firmware for your router from http://www.linksys.com.
In the DD - WRT Administration / Firmware ?
Upgrade tab , select and apply the openwrt - wrt54g_v4 - squashfs .bin firmware you extracted in step 1 . DO NOT TOUCH YOUR ROUTER .
DO NOT POWER DOWN YOUR ROUTER .
IF YOU DO , YOU MAY / WILL BRICK YOUR ROUTER .
After a few minutes ( have patience ) your router will reboot itself and the VxWorks boot loader 's Management Mode will be engaged .
You can visit it at http://192.168.1.1.
If the browser does n't respond , WAIT LONGER .
Do not power off your router .
In the Management Mode , select and apply the Linksys firmware you downloaded in step 2 .
DO NOT apply vxworks killer instead , even if you want to go back to linux again right away .
You must first apply a Linksys firmware to re-initialize the flash before you can go back to linux .
Power cycle the router after you see ' Success ' .
For the WRT54GS v5 , v5.1 and v6 ONLY
Finalizing
Manual reversion ( MAC address and serial # restored )
For the WRT54G v5 , v5.1 , and v6 ONLY
Download [ http://pecompact.com/files/vxworks_reversion_with_mac_restore_v05.zip] and extract .
Download the latest Linksys firmware for your router from http://www.linksys.com.
In the DD - WRT Administration / Firmware ?
Upgrade tab , select and apply the openwrt_wrt54g_squashfs .bin firmware you extracted in step 1 .
It 's advised to use the ' restore defaults ' option on DD - WRT , or reset the nvram immdiately after flashing .
If you are TFTP'ing instead of using the web UI , use the TRX image included .
Wait for the unit to reboot .
After 5 minutes if nothing happens , power cycle the router .
Connect to the router 's shell through telnet ( i.e. telnet 192.168.1.1 ) .
It wo n't ask you for a login , and do not set one .
Issue the following commands with your desired MAC addresses and serial number instead .
The command syntax is of the embed.sh step is :
embed.sh MAC_ADDDRESS_1 MAC_ADDRESS_2 MAC_ADDRESS_3 SERIAL NUMBER
Where MAC_ADDRESS1 is the first MAC address and MAC address 2 is the second MAC address .
The first MAC address is normally the one on the box and the second is exactly one number greater than the first .
The third MAC address is the WLAN .
Where SERIAL_NUM is the serial number you 'd like to embed .
cd /etc/bsptools ./embed.sh
00-11-22-33-44-55 00-11-22-33-44-56 00-11-22-33-44-57 CG
F
N12345678 ./flash.sh
For the WRT54GS v5 , v5.1 and v6 ONLY
WARNING : At the moment for WRT54GS units this is a one way operation because nobody has yet taken the time to write an automated reversion firmware .
The process is the same as for the WRT54G , you flash a customized OpenWrt that you use to restore the original boot loader and BSP .
Note that you can actually revert a WRT54GS to a WRT54G using the automated WRT54G reversion firmware .
However , it will then only have 8MB of RAM accessible and appear to be a WRT54G model .
Trouble - shooting reversion to VxWorks
Some have reported this issue .
I think it is due to the HTTP server crashing repeatedly , as its very unstable .
Here are my recommendations ( not step - by - step ) :
Keep trying to upload / flash the linksys firmware without rebooting your router until it finally accepts it .
If you catch the HTTP server at the right time , it may work .
Others have reported this works .
You might want to try uploading / flashing vxworks_prep_v03.bin , then reboot your router after it succceeds .
The linksys firmware might now be accepted .
Unplug the power cord of your router .
Then plug it back in .
Wait .
Wait .
Wait .
Do not power off your router .
Wait another 5 minutes then power cycle your router .
Now , are ALL your Ethernet port lights lit ?
If so , you may have a bricked router .
If not , your router can be recovered .
You may need to TFTP the DD - WRT micro firmware to the router again , but you will have to time the TFTP transfer so that it starts in a 3 second window when your router first turns on .
Changing your MAC addresss
Changing it via NVRAM
nvram set et0 macaddr=00:90:4d:83:00:01 nvram set il0 macaddr=00:90:4d:83:00:02 nvram commit
When flashing to linux
[ VxWorks Killer Image Tool GUI v0.90 beta ]
Embeds a MAC address into a CFE and builds a VxWorks compatible image for the WRT54G / GS v5 - v6 .
[ IMGTOOL_NVRAM v0.02 alpha ]
Utility to set / change default NVRAM variables inside a CFE image .
Includes C++ source and Win32 binary .
When reverting to VxWorks
Notes when running DD - WRT
txpwr - wireless signal strength
Post - Install Notes
WRT54GS : How to enable 16MB of RAM
nvram set sdram_init=0x0A nvram set nvram_ncdl=0 nvram commit reboot
Recovery
JTAG
Pin shorting
Utilities and source code developed for this project
VX_WRT_IMGTOOL : Firmware image builder , extractor , viewer , and fixer
[ Download WRT_VX_IMGTOOL v0.94 beta ] - Windows x32 binary and C++ source ( linux g++ ready ) .
WRT54G/GS v5 - v6 firmware image builder , extractor , fixer , and viewer v0.91 beta - Jun 27 2006 by Jeremy Collake ( jeremy at bitsum.com )
For info see : http://bitsum.com/openwiking/owbase/ow.asp?WRT54G5FE
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Usage : wrt_vx_imgtool [ - x|v|f|b ] [ - d device ] [ - c abc ] [ - m abc ] -o outfile infile1 infile2 ...
Operations : [ - b ]
Build the firmware ( default [ - x ]
Extract the firmware
The image filename should be provided as the first , and only , ' infile ' parameter .
The -o switch can specify an output directory , if the CWD is n't desired .
All files , primary and trailing , are extacted to the output folder , named in accordance with their type . [ - v ]
Dump / analyze the firmware Similar to extraction , but no files are writen to disk [ - f ]
Just fix the checksum of given input firmware Options : [ - d ]
Set target device .
Causes the code pattern and vendor name to be set to proper values .
By default the device is the WRT54G .
Valid devices : WRT54Gv5 WRT54Gv6 WRT54GSv5 [ - c ]
Over -rides the code pattern .
Not recommended . [ - m ]
Over -rides the vendor name .
Not recommended .
Notes :
The deafult action is to build a new firmware , saved in outfile , and containing files supplied as input .
The files should be named in accordance with their file type / flash area .
The following files are normally included in the firmware images : vxWorks.bin igwhtm.dat langpak_en __trailing__ ( some web UI fs appended to firmware )
These files will be created if extraction is chosen , or should be supplied when building a firmware image .
IMGTOOL_NVRAM : CFE image default nvram adjuster
[ IMGTOOL_NVRAM v0.1 alpha ]
Utility to set / change default NVRAM variables inside a CFE image .
Includes C++ source and Win32 binary .
BSPTOOL : Tool to manipulate VxWorks BSP BOOTP images
[ BSPTOOL v0.4 alpha ] Utility to manipulate BOOTP parameters .
Full c++ source included .
Compatible with MSVC ++ and gnu / linux g++.
bsptool v0.1 - ( c)2006 Jeremy Collake - http://bitsum.com
Usage : bsptool [ / v ] imagefile [ / mac1 x ] [ / serial x ] [ / country x ] [ / vendor [ / device x ] [ / codep x ]
/v view only / mac1 xx - xx - xx - xx - xx first MAC address / mac2 xx - xx - xx - xx - xx second MAC address / mac3 xx - xx - xx - xx - xx third MAC address / serial xxxxxxxxxxxx twelve digit serial number / device optional device id ( WRT54G or WRT54GS ) / country optional country ( i.e. US ) / vendor optional vendor ( i.e. LINKSYS ) / codep optional code pattern ( WG54 ) ) / bootstr optional boot string imagefile any image with BOOTP at end Notes :
Any and all bootp parameters can be omitted .
Only one image file is supported per execution .
When /v ( view only ) is supplied , no changes will be made .
$ bsptool / mac1 00:11:22:33:44:55 /mac2 00-11-22-33-44-56 /mac3 00-11-22-33-44-57 /serial cdfb12345678 bsptool v0.2 - ( c)2006 Jeremy Collake - http://bitsum.com
MAC1 supplied : 00:11:22:33:44:55 MAC2 supplied : 00:11:22:33:44:56 MAC3 supplied : 00:11:22:33:44:57 Serial supplied : cdfb12345678 Viewing BOOTP block ... BOOTP block codep : 0x57475635 checksum : 0x55d8 ( calculated : 0x55 cf ) bootcode ver : 0x1000102 model : WRT54G vendor : LINKSYS country : US serial # : CDFB0F2A0131 hardware ver : 1.0 pciid : 0 xffff mac1 : 00-16-b6-18-21-b8 mac2 : 00-16-b6-18-21-b9 boot string : tffs :( 0,0) host:/fl/vxWorks.bin h=192.168.1.100 ( cough ) e=192.168.1.1: ffffff00 u=target tn=targetname f=0x8 Rewriting BOOTP block ... Viewing modified BOOTP block ... BOOTP block codep : 0x57475635 checksum : 0x55c9 ( calculated : 0x55c9 ) bootcode ver : 0x1000102 model : WRT54G vendor : LINKSYS country : US serial # : cdfb12345678 hardware ver : 1.0 pciid : 0 xffff mac1 : 00-11-22-33-44-55 mac2 : 00-11-22-33-44-56 boot string : tffs :( 0,0) host:/fl/vxWorks.bin h=192.168.1.100 ( cough ) e=192.168.1.1:ffffff00 u=target tn=targetname f=0x8
SDRAM_PARAMS : Utility to decode / encode SDRAM parameters
sdram_params v0.11 , ( c)2006 Jeremy Collake < jeremy@bitsum.com >
Bitsum Technologies http://bitsum.com
Encoding sdram_init ... Generate refresh cycle [ False ] : T/F/Q? t Generate pre-charge cycle [ False ] : T/F/Q? f Generate mode register select cycle [ False ] : T/F/Q? f Enable SDRAM access control [ False ] : T/F/Q? t Perform soft reset [ False ] : T/F/Q? f Perform soft - refresh [ False ] : T/F/Q? f Perform power down [ False ] : T/F/Q? f 32 - bit interface [ False ] : T/F/Q? t 9 - bit columns [ False ] : T/F/Q? f SDRAM size of 128 M bit [ False ] : T/F/Q? f SDRAM size of 64 M bit [ False ] : T/F/Q? t Encoding sdram_config ... Burst length==full page [ False ] : T/F/Q? t Fast memory ( CAS 2 ) [ False ] : T/F/Q? f Encoding sdram_refresh ... Refresh enable [ False ] : T/F/Q? t Refresh period ( refresh rate=16 * 1/ clkfreq * refresh period ) : 64 ( 64 ) sdram_init=0x419 sdram_config=0x0 sdram_refresh=0x8040
Done !
# sdram_params -d sdram_init=0x419 sdram_config=0x0 sdram_refresh=0x8040 sdram_params v0.11 , ( c)2006 Jeremy Collake < jeremy@bitsum.com >
Bitsum Technologies http://bitsum.com sdram_config=0x0 burst length : full page fast memory ( CAS 2 ) : False sdram_init=0x419 generate refresh cycle :
True generate pre-charge cycle :
False generate mode reg select cycle : False ext. access control enabled :
True external SDRAM size : 64 Mbit soft reset :
False self - refresh :
False power down : False 32 - bit interface : True 9 - bit column : False sdram_refresh=0x8040 refresh period : 64 refresh enabled : True Done !
Technical Details
Firmware Image Format
Image format Header File1 File2 ... File8 Trailer1 Trailer2 ... Trailer8 << EOF >>
#define VX_FILE_ID_BOOTROMBIN 1 #define VX_FILE_ID_VXWORKSBIN 2 #define VX_FILE_ID_IGWHTMDAT
3 #define VX_FILE_ID_LANGPAK_EN
6
////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
//
Linksys VxWorks based firmware image format // Author : Jeremy Collake ( http://bitsum.com) // WARNING : Work In Progress .
Mistakes and guesses are present . // # pragma pack ( 1 ) typedef struct _VxFileDescriptor { DWORD nFileId_BigEnd ; // file type ( see below ) DWORD nFileSize_BigEnd ; } VxFileDescriptor , * pVxFileDescriptor ; typedef struct _VxLinksysHeader { DWORD nCodePattern ; BYTE cUnknown_4 [ 4 ] ; BYTE cYear ; BYTE cMonth ; BYTE cDay ; BYTE nProductVersion_0 ; BYTE nMinorVersion_0 ; BYTE cZUnknown_0D ; BYTE cImageFormatVersion [ 4 ] ; BYTE cZUnknown_12[238 ] ; // // offset 0x100 -- begining of an secondary header ?
// //
After this point , all integers are stored big endian // and should be read by endian neutral code // ( that is , read as big endian ) .
// BYTE nProductVersion_1 ; BYTE nMinorVersion_1 ; WORD nMajorVersion_1 ; BYTE cZUnknown_104[2 ] ; WORD nHeaderSizeBigEnd ; DWORD nChecksumBigEnd ; BYTE cZUnknown_10 B [ 2 ] ; WORD nUnknown_10D ; BYTE cZUnknown_110[0x30 ] ; BYTE cModelName [ 0x20 ] ; BYTE cVendorName [ 0x20 ] ; VxFileDescriptor Trailing Files [ 8 ] ; // parts of file that follow primary file descriptors VxFileDescriptor FileDescriptors [ 8 ] ; // primary file descriptors , immediately follow header } VxLinksysHeader , * pVxLinksysHeader ;
Firmware image checksum algorithm
/////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
// Checksum_Linksys_WRT54Gv5_v6 // // unsigned 32 bit checksum of 32 bit unsigned integer - endian neutral // unsigned long Checksum_Linksys_WRT54Gv5
_v6 ( unsigned long * pStart , unsigned long * pEnd ) { unsigned long n Checksum=0 ; while ( pStart < pEnd ) { n Checksum+=big_endian_l(*pStart ++ ) ; } return ~( nChecksum - 1 ) ; // return two 's compliment }
VxWorks BOOTP block format
# pragma pack(1) /////////////////////////////////////////////////////////// // BOOTP pre-requisities // typedef struct _ MY_MAC_ADDR { unsigned __int8 addr [ 6 ] ; // big endian } MY_MAC_ADDR , *PMY_MAC_ADDR ; //////////////////////////////////////////////////////////// // VxWorks BSP BOOTP definition // by Jeremy Collake < jeremy@bitsum.com > // WARNING : This is not an official definition .
// typedef struct _BOOTP_BLOCK { unsigned __int32 dwCodePattern ; unsigned __int16 wChecksum ; unsigned __int16 wUnknown0 ; unsigned __int32 dwBootcodeVersion ; SBYTE szDevice [ 0x40 ] ; SBYTE szVendor [ 0x40 ] ; SBYTE szCountry [ 0x20 ] ; SBYTE szSerial [ 0x20 ] ; unsigned __int8 VersionMajor ; unsigned __int8 VersionMinor ; unsigned __int16 wpciid ; unsigned __int32 dwConfig ; _MY_MAC_ADDR macAddr1 ; _MY_MAC_ADDR macAddr2 ; _MY_MAC_ADDR macAddr4 ; /* dunno if this really is a mac */ _MY_MAC_ADDR macAddr3 ; SBYTE cUnknown3[ 0x12 ] ; SBYTE szBootString [ 770 ] ; } BOOTP_BLOCK , *PBOOTP_BLOCK ;
BOOTP checksum algorithm
unsigned __int16 bootp_checksum( BOOTP_BLOCK
* pbootp ) { unsigned __int16 nSum=0 ; unsigned char * p1 = ( unsigned char *) pbootp ; unsigned __int16 nOldchecksum=pbootp->wChecksum ; pbootp->wChecksum=0xffff ; for ( int nI=0 ; nI < sizeof( BOOTP_BLOCK ) ; nI++,p1++) { n Sum+=* p1 ; } pbootp->wChecksum=nOldchecksum ; return nSum+2 ; // not sure where the + 2 is coming from .. }
Default NVRAM changes
boardnum=42 boardflags=0x2558 boardrev=0x10 vlan0ports=3 2 1 0 5 * vlan1ports=4 5 wl0gpio0=2 wl0gpio1=5 wl0gpio2=0 wl0gpio3=0 vxkilled=g
boardnum=42 boardflags=0x2758 boardrev=0x10 vlan0ports=3 2 1 0 5 * vlan1ports=4 5 wl0gpio0=2 wl0gpio1=5 wl0gpio2=0 wl0gpio3=0 sdram_init=0x0A vxkilled=gs
Bricked router recovery
Supporting this project
Donations
New Hardware support
Jobbie Jobs
Downloads
[ WRT_VX_IMGTOOL v0.99 beta ]
Utility to view , extract , fix , and build WRT54G / GS v5 and v6 firmware images .
Includes C++ source code .
Compatible with Windows and Linux for certain .
WRT_VX_IMGTOOL v0.99 beta ]
Utility to view , extract , fix , and build WRT54G / GS v5 and v6 firmware images .
Includes C++ source code .
Compatible with Windows and Linux for certain .
[ VxWorks Killer Image Tool GUI v0.011 alpha ]
Embeds a MAC address into a CFE and builds a VxWorks compatible image for the WRT54G / GS v5 - v6 .
Currently in beta testing .
VxWorks Killer Image Tool GUI v0.011 alpha ]
Embeds a MAC address into a CFE and builds a VxWorks compatible image for the WRT54G / GS v5 - v6 .
Currently in beta testing .
[ IMGTOOL_NVRAM v0.1 alpha ]
Utility to set / change default NVRAM variables inside a CFE image .
Includes C++ source and Win32 binary .
[ BSPTOOL v0.4 alpha ] Utility to manipulate BOOTP parameters .
Full c++ source included .
Compatible with MSVC ++ and gnu / linux g++.
[ SDRAMS_PARAMS v0.1 ]
Utility to encode and decode sdram parameters on BCM47 xx boards .
[ VxWorks_Prep_v03.zip ] - Preparatory firmware image for the WRT54Gv5 and WRT54Gv6 .
This should be flashed before vxworks_killer .bin .
VxWorks_Prep_v03.zip ] - Preparatory firmware image for the WRT54Gv5 and WRT54Gv6 .
This should be flashed before vxworks_killer .bin. [ VxWorks_Prep_gs_v03.zip ] - Preparatory firmware image for the WRT54Gv5 and WRT54Gv6 .
This should be flashed before vxworks_killer .bin .
[ VxWorks_Killer_g_v06.zip ] -
Pre -built firmware image that upgrades a WRT54G v5 , v5.1 , or v6 .
VxWorks_Killer_g_v06.zip ] -
Pre -built firmware image that upgrades a WRT54G v5 , v5.1 , or v6 . [ vxworks_killer_gs_v08.zip ] -
Pre -built firmware image that upgrades a WRT54GS v5 , v5.1 ( brand new version with 16MB RAM support )
[ vxworks_revert_v01.zip ]
VxWorks reversion firmware for the WRT54G v5 and v6 .
Do not use on the WRT54GS v5 or v6 , unless you want your router to effectively be a WRT54G from now on ( and accept ' G ' firmwares ) .
vxworks_revert_v01.zip ]
VxWorks reversion firmware for the WRT54G v5 and v6 .
Do not use on the WRT54GS v5 or v6 , unless you want your router to effectively be a WRT54G from now on ( and accept ' G ' firmwares ) .
[ http://pecompact.com/files/vxworks_reversion_g_v04.zip]
VxWorks reversion with MAC and serial restoration for the WRT54G .
This is also a good firmware to use if you need to update your CFE for some reason since it removes the normal protections on the MTD0 partition .
http://pecompact.com/files/vxworks_reversion_g_v04.zip]
VxWorks reversion with MAC and serial restoration for the WRT54G .
This is also a good firmware to use if you need to update your CFE for some reason since it removes the normal protections on the MTD0 partition . [ [
http://pecompact.com/files/vxrevert_manual_gs_v06.zip]]
VxWorks reversion with MAC and serial restoration for the WRT54GS .
This is also a good firmware to use if you need to update your CFE for some reason since it removes the normal protections on the MTD0 partition .
[ About DD - WRT ]
About DD - WRT ] [ DD - WRT ]
In the downloads area , find the MICRO build for the WRT54G or WRT54GS .
Links
[ Official project page ]
Official project page ] [ DD - WRT Firmware ] Supports WRT54G v5 , v5.1 , and WRT54G v6 .
It is built upon the works of Broadcom and Linksys and the countless contributors to linux .
However , the author is now selling DD - WRT , placing restrictions on what the free version can do .
It is no longer Free Open Source Software .
DD - WRT Firmware ] Supports WRT54G v5 , v5.1 , and WRT54G v6 .
It is built upon the works of Broadcom and Linksys and the countless contributors to linux .
However , the author is now selling DD - WRT , placing restrictions on what the free version can do .
It is no longer Free Open Source Software . [ http://bitsum.com/xwrt.asp]
X - Wrt - an OpenWrt based firmware .
A micro build is in progress and will soon be available and an alternate option .
http://bitsum.com/xwrt.asp]
X - Wrt - an OpenWrt based firmware .
A micro build is in progress and will soon be available and an alternate option .
[ Free Wrt Firmware ]
A fork of OpenWrt .
Will probably work on the WRT54G / GS v5 - v6 , but you may need to build your own firmware image .
Free Wrt Firmware ]
A fork of OpenWrt .
Will probably work on the WRT54G / GS v5 - v6 , but you may need to build your own firmware image .
[ Linksys ]
Get original firmwares here .
[ Bitsum Technologies ]
My day job .
Acknowledgements
Ex_Cyber , who put up with my delerium on irc while I spent endless hours in IDA , trying to fix a problem that did n't exist ; ) .
To all those users who have expressed interest in this project and / or contibuted helpful information .
Summary : WRT54G/GS v5 - v6 flash to linux without hardware modifications
Introduction to THE BOOK OF JOB
by G.K. Chesterton
THE Book of Job is among the other Old Testament Books both a philosophical riddle and a historical riddle .
It is the philosophical riddle that concerns us in such an introduction as this ; so we may dismiss first the few words of general explanation or warning which should be said about the historical aspect .
Controversy has long raged about which parts of this epic belong to its original scheme and which are interpolations of considerably later date .
The doctors disagree , as it is the business of doctors to do ; but upon the whole the trend of investigation has always been in the direction of maintaining that the parts interpolated , if any , were the prose prologue and epilogue and possibly the speech of the young man who comes in with an apology at the end .
I do not profess to be competent to decide such questions .
But whatever decision the reader may come to concerning them , there is a general truth to be remembered in this connection .
When you deal with any ancient artistic creation do not suppose that it is anything against it that it grew gradually .
The Book of Job may have grown gradually just as Westminster Abbey grew gradually .
But the people who made the old folk poetry , like the people who made Westminster Abbey , did not attach that importance to the actual date and the actual author , that importance which is entirely the creation of the almost insane individualism of modern times .
We may put aside the case of Job , as one complicated with religious difficulties , and take any other , say the case of the Iliad .
Many people have maintained the characteristic formula of modern scepticism , that Homer was not written by Homer , but by another person of the same name .
Just in the same way many have maintained that Moses was not Moses but another person called Moses .
But the thing really to be remembered in the matter of the Iliad is that if other people did interpolate the passages , the thing did not create the same sense of shock as would be created by such proceedings in these individualistic times .
The creation of the tribal epic was to some extent regarded as a tribal work , like the building of the tribal temple .
Believe then , if you will , that the prologue of Job and the epilogue and the speech of Elihu are things inserted after the original work was composed .
But do not suppose that such insertions have that obvious and spurious character which would belong to any insertions in a modern individualistic book .
Do not regard the insertions as you would regard a chapter in George Meredith which you afterwards found had not been written by George Meredith , or half a scene in Ibsen which you found had been cunningly sneaked in by Mr. William Archer .
Remember that this old world which made these old poems like the Iliad and Job , always kept the tradition of what it was making .
A man could almost leave a poem to his son to be finished as he would have finished it , just as a man could leave a field to his son , to be reaped as he would have reaped it .
What is called Homeric unity may be a fact or not .
The Iliad may have been written by one man .
It may have been written by a hundred men .
But let us remember that there was more unity in those times in a hundred men than there is unity now in one man .
Then a city was like one man .
Now one man is like a city in civil war .
Without going , therefore , into questions of unity as understood by the scholars , we may say of the scholarly riddle that the book has unity in the sense that all great traditional creations have unity ; in the sense that Canterbury Cathedral has unity .
And the same is broadly true of what I have called the philosophical riddle .
There is a real sense in which the Book of Job stands apart from most of the books included in the canon of the Old Testament .
But here again those are wrong who insist on the entire absence of unity .
Those are wrong who maintain that the Old Testament is a mere loose library ; that it has no consistency or aim .
Whether the result was achieved by some supernal spiritual truth , or by a steady national tradition , or merely by an ingenious selection in after times , the books of the Old Testament have a quite perceptible unity .
To attempt to understand the Old Testament without realizing this main idea is as absurd as it would be to study one of Shakespeare 's plays without realizing that the author of them had any philosophical object at all .
It is as if a man were to read the history of Hamlet , Prince of Denmark , thinking all the time that he was reading what really purported to be the history of an old Danish pirate prince .
Such a reader would not realize at all that Hamlet 's procrastination was on the part of the poet intentional .
He would merely say , " How long Shakespeare 's hero does take to kill his enemy . "
So speak the Bible smashers , who are unfortunately always at bottom Bible worshippers .
They do not understand the special tone and intention of the Old Testament ; they do not understand its main idea , which is the idea of all men being merely the instruments of a higher power .
Those , for instance , who complain of the atrocities and treacheries of the judges and prophets of Israel have really got a notion in their head that has nothing to do with the subject .
They are too Christian .
They are reading back into the pre-Christian scriptures a purely Christian idea the idea of saints , the idea that the chief instruments of God are very particularly good men .
This is a deeper , a more daring , and a more interesting idea than the old Jewish one .
It is the idea that innocence has about it something terrible which in the long run makes and re-makes empires and the world .
But the Old Testament idea was much more what may be called the common - sense idea , that strength is strength , that cunning is cunning , that worldly success is worldly success , and that Jehovah uses these things for His own ultimate purpose , just as He uses natural forces or physical elements .
He uses the strength of a hero as He uses that of a Mammoth without any particular respect for the Mammoth .
I cannot comprehend how it is that so many simple - minded sceptics have read such stories as the fraud of Jacob and supposed that the man who wrote it ( whoever he was ) did not know that Jacob was a sneak just as well as we do .
The primeval human sense of honour does not change so much as that .
But these simple - minded sceptics are , like the majority of modern sceptics , Christians .
They fancy that the patriarchs must be meant for patterns ; they fancy that Jacob was being set up as some kind of saint ; and in that case I do not wonder that they are a little startled .
That is not the atmosphere of the Old Testament at all .
The heroes of the Old Testament are not the sons of God , but the slaves of God , gigantic and terrible slaves , like the genii , who were the slaves of Aladdin .
The central idea of the great part of the Old Testament may be called the idea of the loneliness of God .
God is not the only chief character of the Old Testament ; God is properly the only character in the Old Testament .
Compared with
His clearness of purpose all the other wills are heavy and automatic , like those of animals ; compared with His actuality all the sons of flesh are shadows .
Again and again the note is struck , " With whom hath he taken counsel ? "
" I have trodden the wine press alone , and of the peoples there was no man with me . "
All the patriarchs and prophets are merely His tools or weapons ; for the Lord is a man of war .
He uses Joshua like an axe or Moses like a measuring - rod .
For Him Samson is only a sword and Isaiah a trumpet .
The saints of Christianity are supposed to be like God , to be , as it were , little statuettes of Him .
The Old Testament hero is no more supposed to be of the same nature as God than a saw or a hammer is supposed to be of the same shape as the carpenter .
This is the main key and characteristic of the Hebrew scriptures as a whole .
There are , indeed , in those scriptures innumerable instances of the sort of rugged humour , keen emotion , and powerful individuality which is never wanting in great primitive prose and poetry .
Nevertheless the main characteristic remains ; the sense not merely that God is stronger than man , not merely that God is more secret than man , but that He means more , that He knows better what He is doing , that compared with Him we have something of the vagueness , the unreason , and the vagrancy of the beasts that perish .
" It is he that sitteth above the earth , and the inhabitants thereof are as grasshoppers . "
We might almost put it thus .
The book is so intent upon asserting the personality of God that it almost asserts the impersonality of man .
Unless this gigantic cosmic brain has conceived a thing , that thing is insecure and void ; man has not enough tenacity to ensure its continuance .
" Except the Lord build the house their labour is but lost that build it .
Except the Lord keep the city the watchman watcheth but in vain . "
Everywhere else , then , the Old Testament positively rejoices in the obliteration of man in comparison with the divine purpose .
The Book of Job stands definitely alone because the Book of Job definitely asks , " But what is the purpose of God ?
Is it worth the sacrifice even of our miserable humanity ?
Of course it is easy enough to wipe out our own paltry wills for the sake of a will that is grander and kinder ?
But is it grander and kinder ?
Let God use
His tools ; let God break His tools .
But what is
He doing and what are they being broken for ? "
It is because of this question that we have to attack as a philosophical riddle the riddle of the Book of Job .
The present importance of the Book of Job cannot be expressed adequately even by saying that it is the most interesting of ancient books .
We may almost say of the Book of Job that it is the most interesting of modern books .
In truth , of course , neither of the two phrases covers the matter , because fundamental human religion and fundamental human irreligion are both at once old and new ; philosophy is either eternal or it is not philosophy .
The modern habit of saying , " This is my opinion , but I may be wrong , " is entirely irrational .
If I say that it may be wrong I say that is not my opinion .
The modern habit of saying " Every man has a different philosophy ; this is my philosophy and its suits me " ; the habit of saying this is mere weak - mindedness .
A cosmic philosophy is not constructed to fit a man ; a cosmic philosophy is constructed to fit a cosmos .
A man can no more possess a private religion than he can possess a private sun and moon .
The first of the intellectual beauties of the Book of Job is that it is all concerned with this desire to know the actuality ; the desire toknow what is , and not merely what seems .
If moderns were writing the book we should probably find that Job and his comforters got on quite well together by the simple operation of referring their differences to what is called the temperament , saying that the comforters were by nature " optimists " and Job by nature a " pessimist . "
And they would be quite comfortable , as people can often be , for some time at least , by agreeing to say what is obviously untrue .
For if the word " pessimist " means anything at all , then emphatically Job is not a pessimist .
His case alone is sufficient to refute the modern absurdity of referring everything to physical temperament .
Job does not in any sense look at life in a gloomy way .
If wishing to be happy and being quite ready to be happy constitute an optimist , Job is an optimist .
He is a perplexed optimist ; he is an exasperated optimist ; he is an outraged and insulted optimist .
He wishes the universe to justify itself , not because he wishes it to be caught out , but because he really wishes it to be justified .
He demands an explanation from God , but he does not do it at all in the spirit in which Hampden might demand an explanation from Charles I .
He does it in the spirit in which a wife might demand an explanation from her husband whom she really respected .
He remonstrates with his Maker because he is proud of his Maker .
He even speaks of the Almighty as his enemy , but he never doubts , at the back of his mind , that his enemy has some kind of a case which he does not understand .
In a fine and famous blasphemy he says , " Oh , that mine adversary had written a book ! "
It never really occurs to him that it could possibly be a bad book .
He is anxious to be convinced , that is , he thinks that God could convince him .
In short , we may say again that if the word optimist means any thing ( which I doubt ) Job is an optimist .
He shakes the pillars of the world and strikes insanely at the heavens ; he lashes the stars , but it is not to silence them ; it is to make them speak .
In the same way we may speak of the official optimists , the Comforters of Job .
Again , if the word pessimist means anything ( which I doubt ) the comforters of Job may be called pessimists rather than optimists .
All that they really believe is not that God is good but that God is so strong that it is much more judicious to call Him good .
It would be the exaggeration of censure to call them evolutionists ; but they have something of the vital error of the evolutionary optimist .
They will keep on saying that everything in the universe fits into everything else : as if there were anything comforting about a number of nasty things all fitting into each other .
We shall see later how God in the great climax of the poem turns this particular argument altogether upside down .
When , at the end of the poem , God enters ( somewhat abruptly ) , is struck the sudden and splendid note which makes the thing as great as it is .
All the human beings through the story , and Job especially , have been asking questions of God .
A more trivial poet would have made God enter in some sense or other in order to answer the questions .
By a touch truly to be called inspired , when God enters , it is to ask a number more questions on His own account .
In this drama of scepticism God Himself takes up the role of sceptic .
He does what all the great voices defending religion have always done .
He does , for instance , what Socrates did .
He turns rationalism against itself .
He seems to say that if it comes to asking questions ,
He can ask some questions which will fling down and flatten out all conceivable human questioners .
The poet by an exquisite intuition has made God ironically accept a kind of controversial equality with His accusers .
He is willing to regard it as if it were a fair intellectual duel : " Gird up now thy loins like a man ; for I will demand of thee , and answer thou me . "
The everlasting adopts an enormous and sardonic humility .
He is quite willing to be prosecuted .
He only asks for the right which every prosecuted person possesses ;
He asks to be allowed to cross -examine the witness for the prosecution .
And He carries yet further the correctness of the legal parallel .
For the first question , essentially speaking , which He asks of Job is the question that any criminal accused by Job would be most entitled to ask .
He asks Job who he is .
And Job , being a man of candid intellect , takes a little time to consider , and comes to the conclusion that he does not know .
This is the first great fact to notice about the speech of God , which is the culmination of the inquiry .
It represents all human sceptics routed by a higher scepticism .
It is this method , used sometimes by supreme and sometimes by mediocre minds , that has ever since been the logical weapon of the true mystic .
Socrates , as I have said , used it when he showed that if you only allowed him enough sophistry he could destroy all the sophists .
Jesus Christ used it when
He reminded the Sadducees , who could not imagine the nature of marriage in heaven , that if it came to that they had not really imagined the nature of marriage at all .
In the break up of Christian theology in the eighteenth century , Butler used it , when he pointed out that rationalistic arguments could be used as much against vague religion as against doctrinal religion , as much against rationalist ethics as against Christian ethics .
It is the root and reason of the fact that men who have religious faith have also philosophic doubt , like Cardinal Newman , Mr. Balfour , or Mr. Mallock .
These are the small streams of the delta ; the Book of Job is the first great cataract that creates the river .
In dealing with the arrogant asserter of doubt , it is not the right method to tell him to stop doubting .
It is rather the right method to tell him to go on doubting , to doubt a little more , to doubt every day newer and wilder things in the universe , until at last , by some strange enlightenment , he may begin to doubt himself .
This , I say , is the first fact touching the speech ; the fine inspiration by which God comes in at the end , not to answer riddles , but to propound them .
The other great fact which , taken together with this one , makes the whole work religious instead of merely philosophical , is that other great surprise which makes Job suddenly satisfied with the mere presentation of something impenetrable .
Verbally speaking the enigmas of Jehovah seem darker and more desolate than the enigmas of Job ; yet Job was comfortless before the speech of Jehovah and is comforted after it .
He has been told nothing , but he feels the terrible and tingling atmosphere of something which is too good to be told .
The refusal of God to explain
His design is itself a burning hint of His design .
The riddles of God are more satisfying than the solutions of man .
Thirdly , of course , it is one of the splendid strokes that God rebukes alike the man who accused , and the men who defended Him ; that He knocks down pessimists and optimists with the same hammer .
And it is in connection with the mechanical and supercilious comforters of Job that there occurs the still deeper and finer inversion of which I have spoken .
The mechanical optimist endeavours to justify the universe avowedly upon the ground that it is a rational and consecutive pattern .
He points out that the fine thing about the world is that it can all be explained .
That is the one point , if I may put it so , on which God in return , is explicit to the point of violence .
God says , in effect , that if there is one fine thing about the world , as far as men are concerned , it is that it can not be explained .
He insists on the inexplicableness of everything ; " Hath the rain a father ? . . .
Out of whose womb came the ice ? "
He goes farther , and insists on the positive and palpable unreason of things ; " Hast thou sent the rain upon the desert where no man is , and upon the wilderness wherein there is no man ? "
God will make man see things , if it is only against the black background of nonentity .
God will make Job see a startling universe if He can only do it by making Job see an idiotic universe .
To startle man God becomes for an instant a blasphemer ; one might almost say that God becomes for an instant an atheist .
He unrolls before Job a long panorama of created things , the horse , the eagle , the raven , the wild ass , the peacock , the ostrich , the crocodile .
He so describes each of them that it sounds like a monster walking in the sun .
The whole is a sort of psalm or rhapsody of the sense of wonder .
The maker of all things is astonished at the things
He has Himself made .
This we may call the third point .
Job puts forward a note of interrogation ;
God answers with a note of exclamation .
Instead of proving to Job that it is an explicable world , He insists that it is a much stranger world than Job ever thought it was .
Lastly , the poet has achieved in this speech , with that unconscious artistic accuracy found in so many of the simpler epics , another and much more delicate thing .
Without once relaxing the rigid impenetrability of Jehovah in His deliberate declaration , he has contrived to let fall here and therein the metaphors , in the parenthetical imagery , sudden and splendid suggestions that the secret of God is a bright and not a sad one semi-accidental suggestions , like light seen for an instant through the cracks of a closed door .
It would be difficult to praise too highly , in a purely poetical sense , the instinctive exactitude and ease with which these more optimistic insinuations are let fall in other connections , as if the Almighty Himself were scarcely aware that He was letting them out .
For instance , there is that famous passage where Jehovah with devastating sarcasm , asks Job where he was when the foundations of the world were laid , and then ( as if merely fixing a date ) mentions the time when the sons of God shouted for joy .
One cannot help feeling , even upon this meagre information , that they must have had something to shout about .
Or again , when God is speaking of snow and hail in the mere catalogue of the physical cosmos ,
He speaks of them as a treasury that He has laid up against the day of battle - - a hint of some huge Armageddon in which evil shall be at last overthrown .
Nothing could be better , artistically speaking , than this optimism breaking through agnosticism like fiery gold round the edges of a black cloud .
Those who look superficially at the barbaric origin of the epic may think it fanciful to read so much artistic significance into its casual similes or accidental phrases .
But no one who is well acquainted with great examples of semi-barbaric poetry , as in the Song of Roland or the old ballads , will fall into this mistake .
No one who knows what primitive poetry is , can fail to realize that while its conscious form is simple some of its finer effects are subtle .
The Iliad contrives to express the idea that Hector and Sarpedon have a certain tone or tint of sad and chivalrous resignation , not bitter enough to be called pessimism and not jovial enough to be called optimism ;
Homer could never have said this in elaborate words .
But somehow he contrives to say it in simple words .
The Song of Roland contrives to express the idea that Christianity imposes upon its heroes a paradox : a paradox of great humility in the matter of their sins combined with great ferocity in the matter of their ideas .
Of course the Song of Roland could not say this ; but it conveys this .
In the same way the Book of Job must be credited with many subtle effects which were in the author 's soul without being , perhaps , in the author 's mind .
And of these by far the most important remains even yet to be stated .
I do not know , and I doubt whether even scholars know , if the Book of Job had a great effect or had any effect upon the after development of Jewish thought .
But if it did have any effect it may have saved them from an enormous collapse and decay .
Here in this Book the question is really asked whether God invariably punishes vice with terrestrial punishment and rewards virtue with terrestrial prosperity .
If the Jews had answered that question wrongly they might have lost all their after influence in human history .
They might have sunk even down to the level of modern well educated society .
For when once people have begun to believe that prosperity is the reward of virtue their next calamity is obvious .
If prosperity is regarded as the reward of virtue it will be regarded as the symptom of virtue .
Men will leave off the heavy task of making good men successful .
They will adopt the easier task of making out successful men good .
This , which has happened throughout modern commerce and journalism , is the ultimate Nemesis of the wicked optimism of the comforters of Job .
If the Jews could be saved from it , the Book of Job saved them .
The Book of Job is chiefly remarkable , as I have insisted throughout , for the fact that it does not end in a way that is conventionally satisfactory .
Job is not told that his misfortunes were due to his sins or a part of any plan for his improvement .
But in the prologue we see Job tormented not because he was the worst of men , but because he was the best .
It is the lesson of the whole work that man is most comforted by paradoxes .
Here is the very darkest and strangest of the paradoxes ; and it is by all human testimony the most reassuring .
I need not suggest what a high and strange history awaited this paradox of the best man in the worst fortune .
I need not say that in the freest and most philosophical sense there is one Old Testament figure who is truly a type ; or say what is prefigured in the wounds of Job .
By Maggie Shiels
Technology reporter , BBC News , Silicon Valley
Some say it is time to ' reboot ' the system and redistribute the wealth
The majority of newspapers should be online , says Google boss Eric Schmidt , amid criticism it should share some of the millions it makes from newslinks .
Media owner Rupert Murdoch has questioned if aggregators like Google should pay to use content .
The Associated Press is to sue to protect its content at a time when the industry is losing readers to the web .
" I would encourage everybody to think in terms of what your reader wants , " Mr Schmidt told newspaper bosses .
" These are ultimately consumer businesses and if you [ annoy ] enough of them , you will not have any more , " he warned the Newspaper Association of America 's ( NAA ) annual conference in San Diego .
While he praised the way newspapers initially embraced the internet , Mr Schmidt said they had since dropped the ball allowing the likes of Google to take over content distribution .
" There was n't an act after that .
You guys did a superb job , and the act after that is a harder question . "
" Fair use "
In a question and answer session at the end of his keynote address , suggestions that Google and the internet were eroding the intellectual property rights of newspapers was downplayed by Mr Schmidt .
More and more readers are getting their news online " From our perspective , there is always a tension around fair use - and fair use is a balance of interest in favour of the consumer . "
Industry analyst Ken Doctor of Outsell told the BBC this was the wrong way to look at the argument over how Google profits from newspaper content .
" The real question is , ' Is it fair for news companies to produce all this content for Google and for Google to keep the lion 's share of revenue ? '
" What we should be focusing on is ' fair share ' . " said Mr Doctor .
In a blog post , the search engine giant claimed it did provide a financial kickback for newspapers through online advertising .
" We drive traffic and provide advertising in support of all business models - whether news sources choose to host the articles with us or on their own websites , " wrote Alexander Macgillvray , Google 's associate general counsel for products and intellectual property .
" Users like me are sent from different Google sites to newspaper websites at a rate of more than a billion clicks per month . "
Techmeme , which is an aggregator of technology news , agreed that the value of what they did was in driving traffic back to the original publisher of a story .
" Web - native publishers have long come around to the view that short quotes with attribution are not only ' fair use ' but highly beneficial , " founder Gabe Rivera told BBC News .
" Parasites "
Throughout the last few days , Google has been in the firing line with some in the industry pondering their relationship to the company and other online news aggregators , which link to news articles while selling search terms or ads on pages that provide the links .
The industry faces financial turmoil and massive lay offs as advertising falls " Google is a wonderful company and has done wonderful things as an aggregator and search , and built a model on the fly that means whoever gets the last click gets all the benefit .
It 's time to reboot the system , " said Mr Doctor .
Mr Murdoch , the chief executive of News Corp , was among the first to hit out at Google , one of the biggest aggregators through its Google News service .
" Should we be allowing Google to steal our copyrights ?
If you have a brand like the New York Times or the Wall Street Journal , you do n't have to . "
Robert Thomson , the managing editor of the Wall Street Journal which is owned by News Corp , went further in his attack .
" There is a collective consciousness among content creators that they are bearing the costs and that others are reaping some of the revenues .
" There is no doubt that certain websites are best described as parasites or tech tapeworms in the intestines of the internet , " said Mr Thomson .
Wait and see
At the NAA conference , the Associated Press waded into the debate and said it would protect online versions of its content from so called " misappropriation " by a variety of online news outlets .
" We can no longer stand by and watch others walk off with our work , " said AP chairman Dean Singleton .
At the NAA , Mr Schmidt addressed the AP move with some bewilderment .
" At Google we have a multi-million dollar deal with AP so I was a little confused by all of the excitement in the news in the last 24 hours . " I 'm not sure what they are referring to .
We have a very , very successful deal with AP and hope that will continue for many , many years . "
The row is being closely watched by analysts and other news aggregators like Techmeme which is adopting a wait - and - see approach .
" I do n't see publishers and aggregators suddenly signing up for licensing deals a result of these statements .
I think most of us are just waiting to see what they do next , " said Mr Rivera .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Apache 's .htaccess configuration files have baffled countless developers .
This tutorial aims to break through this confusion by focusing on examples and thorough descriptions .
Among the benefits of learning .htaccess configuration is automatic gzipping of your content , providing friendlier URLs , preventing hotlinking , improving caching , and more .
Looking for a Quick Solution ?
This article will teach you about configuring your .htaccess files manually , but if you want a simple , quick solution , try downloading .htaccess Builder from Envato Market .
It lets you quickly and effortlessly deliver an htaccess file without having to remember anything about the Apache server language used to construct the htaccess file !
Introduction :
I ’ve read a number of .htaccess articles online .
I ’ll shamelessly admit I did n’t get beyond the front page of Google results .
I was shocked when I actually read the articles and found that none of them explained what Apache was actually doing .
They were merely a collection of popular or useful tricks or snippets of reusable code .
That is all well and good , but the classic argument is :
“ Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day .
Teach a man to fish and he will eat for a lifetime . ”
- Confucius
In this article I ’m going to try to not just show you examples of useful .htaccess directives , but explain exactly what is going on .
This way , you will understand the core principles and can then extend the examples or create new commands for your own use in whatever creative or useful ways you can come up with .
My focus will be on Apache 2 , however much of this will apply to Apache 1.3 and I 'll try to point out any differences that I know of .
Finally , this tutorial will make the most sense if you read it in order .
I try to tie my examples together , and build off of them , in such a way that you can try them yourself and follow along .
What is .htaccess ?:
To quote Apache :
. htaccess files ( or “ distributed configuration files ” ) provide a way to make configuration changes on a per-directory basis .
A file , containing one or more configuration directives , is placed in a particular document directory , and the directives apply to that directory , and all subdirectories thereof .
Directives
“ Directives ” is the terminology that Apache uses for the commands in Apache ’s configuration files .
They are normally relatively short commands , typically key value pairs , that modify Apache ’s behavior .
An .htaccess file allows developers to execute a bunch of these directives without requiring access to Apache ’s core server configuration file , often named httpd.conf .
This file , httpd.conf , is typically referred to as the " global configuration file " and I will refer to it with that name or its short filename equivalent .
This feature is ideal for many hosting companies deploying a shared hosting environment .
The hosting company will not allow its customers to access the global configuration file , which ultimately affects all of the customers hosted on that server .
Instead , by enabling .htaccess , they give each of their customers the power to specify and execute their own Apache directives in their own directories and subdirectories .
Of course it's also useful to the single developer , as you will see .
It 's worth mentioning that anything that can be done with a .htaccess file can be done in the httpd .
conf file .
However , NOT everything that can be done in httpd .conf can be done in a .htaccess file .
In fact .htaccess files must be enabled in the httpd .conf file in order to be executed at all .
Once enabled , their power can be limited to certain “ contexts ” so that they may be allowed to override some settings but not others .
This gives the system administrators more control over what they let other developers get away with in their .htaccess files .
Enabling .htaccess :
. htaccess files are normally enabled by default .
This is actually controlled by the AllowOverride Directive in the httpd.conf file .
This directive can only be placed inside of a < Directory > section .
Do n’t let this confuse you .
The typical httpd.conf file defines a DocumentRoot and the majority of the file will contain Directives inside a < Directory > section dealing with that directory .
This includes the AllowOverride directive .
The default value is actually “ All ” and thus .htaccess files are enabled by default .
An alternative value would be “ None ” which would mean that they are completely disabled .
There are numerous other values that limit configuration of only certain contexts .
Some are :
AuthConfig - Authorization directives such as those dealing with Basic Authentication .
FileInfo - Directives that deal with setting Headers , Error Documents , Cookies , URL Rewriting , and more .
Indexes - Default directory listing customizations .
Limit - Control access to pages in a number of different ways .
Options - Similar access to Indexes but includes even more values such as ExecCGI , FollowSymLinks , Includes and more .
Full .htaccess Overriding
I ’ll show some examples , without their corresponding < Directory > sections .
Here is an example that allows full .htaccess overriding :
Limited Overriding
And here is an example that takes a more fine grained approach and only allows overriding of the Authorization and Indexes contexts but nothing else :
Comments
The first line in both of these examples are Apache comments .
Comments start with the “ # ” symbol .
This is common to many configuration files and scripting languages .
I ’ll have plenty of comments in my examples to help explain what things do .
However , they are not required , and it 's really just personal preference on how much you want to comment .
Comments are not required .
The second line is the AllowOverride directive itself .
This is the usual syntax of an Apache Directive .
First there is the Directive name “ AllowOverride ” followed by a space separated list of values .
Although this syntax looks rather loose ; always be careful .
Sometimes even a single error in your httpd.conf or .htaccess file will result in a temporary meltdown of the server , and users will see 500 - Internal Server Error pages .
For that reason alone , it 's good practice to always make a backup of your httpd.conf and .htaccess files before you make a change or addition .
This way , if anything goes wrong with a modification , you will have nothing to worry about , because you can revert to your previous working version .
I will also encourage you to make small changes at a time and verify that the changes work in increments as opposed to making a number of changes at once .
This way , if you make an error , it will be much easier to track down what may have caused it .
If you are ever confused on the syntax of any directive , immediately go to the Apache Directive listing and review the “ Syntax ” they have listed in the table for each individual directive .
I will do my best to try and explain it here ( I am trying to teach ) but my explanation can never be as good as the formal technical documentation itself .
Never be afraid of the documentation , it is your most reliable and trustworthy reference .
I ’ll try to make things more interesting here ( woohoo ! ) , but in the end , I ’m just putting a different spin on those docs .
Checking if .htaccess is Enabled :
It 's quite possible , in fact it 's extremely likely , that your hosting company does not give you access to the httpd .
conf file .
So how do you know if .htaccess support is enabled or not ?
Do n’t worry , .htaccess is a very common and useful feature that most companies will have enabled , or will enable if you ask politely .
The best thing to do would be to just check with your hosting company .
If it 's not explicitly listed anywhere in your hosting plan , then shoot their support an email .
This is a relatively common question so they mostly likely already have a response ready for you .
They will likely be willing to enable the service or at least give a reason why they may not allow it .
In any event , you can always give it a shot and see if a simple .htaccess file works !
Included in this tutorial ’s sample download are two ways which you can check to see if .htaccess support is enabled .
The two folders are “ is_htaccess_enabled ” and “ is_htaccess_enabled_2 ” .
Give them a shot , I ’ll explain what each one is doing here .
is_htaccess_enabled
This test case is very simple .
It uses a directive to make Apache look first for the “ indexgood.html ” file before “ index.html . ”
If .htaccess support is enabled , when you point your browser to the folder , Apache will load the .htaccess file and know that it should display the “ indexgood.html ” page containing a green message saying Congratulations !
If .htaccess support is not enabled then Apache will , by default , ignore the .htaccess file and immediately look for an index.html file .
DirectoryIndex
The Directory Index directive takes a space separated list of potential filenames .
When Apache is given a URL of a directory , and not a direct page ( for example http://www.example.com and not http://www.example.com/index.html)
Apache will use this list of files to search for the proper page to load .
Apache will look for the files using the values in the list from left to right .
The first file that Apache sees exists will be the file that it loads and displays to the client .
Using the above .htaccess file , here is an example of the good ( enabled ) and bad ( disabled ) cases :
is_htaccess_enabled_2
As I said earlier , a syntax error in your .htaccess file will cause the server to hiccup .
You can use this to your advantage to test if your server has .htaccess support enabled !
Here is an example of an .htaccess file that is intended to blow up .
It 's pretty clear that “ AHHHHHHH ” is not a valid Apache directive .
This will cause an error if Apache tries to read the .htaccess file !
So , if you get back a page yelling “ Internal Server Error ” then your server is looking for .htaccess files !
If you actually see the contents of the index . html file , then it is likely that they have been disabled .
Here again are the good and bad cases :
AccessFileName
Finally , it is still possible that .htaccess support is still enabled , just with unique settings .
Systems administrators can change the name of the .htaccess file just like we changed the name of the default file Apache looks for .
This is possible by using the AccessFileName directive in the global configuration file .
Again , the best thing to do in that case would be to contact your hosting company for more information .
Consequences of .htaccess files :
Before I get into some of the cool things you can do with .htaccess files , I have to tell you what you ’re getting into .
As I mentioned previously you ’re allowing overriding server settings for a directory and all of its subdirectories .
Always keep in mind that you ’re affecting all of the subdirectories as well as the current directory .
Also , when enabled the server will take a potential performance hit .
The reason is because , every server request , if .htaccess support is enabled , when Apache goes to fetch the requested file for the client , it has to look for a .htaccess file in every single directory leading up to wherever the file is stored .
This means a number of things .
First because Apache always looks for the .htaccess files on every request , any changes to the file will immediately take effect .
Apache does not cache them , and it will immediately see your changes on the next request .
However , this also means that Apache is going to have to do some extra work for every request .
For example , if a user requests /www/ supercool/test/index.html , then your server would check for the following .htaccess files :
These potential file accesses ( potential because the files may not exist ) and their execution ( if they did exist ) will take time .
Again , my experience is that it 's unnoticeable and it does n’t outweigh the benefits and flexibility that .htaccess files provide developers .
However , if this does concern you , as long as you have access to the httpd .
conf file then you can always put your directives there .
By setting AllowOverride to “ None ” Apache will not look for those .htaccess files .
If you really want to , you can put the directives you wanted to put in your /www/supercool/test /.htaccess file directly in httpd .
conf like so :
The disadvantage with this approach is that you will have to restart the Apache server on every change so that it reloads the new configuration .
In the end it comes down to personal preference or whatever your host allows .
I prefer using .htaccess files because I have the flexibility to place them where I want , and their effects are live immediately without requiring a server reset .
Starting Simple - Directory Listing - Indexes :
Directory Listings
Before getting into any of the complex features , let 's start with something simple , but useful , so that you can gain a feel for working with .htaccess files .
Directory Listings are so common that you ’ve probably come across them numerous times browsing the web .
When a user requests a directory , Apache first looks for the default file .
Typically , it will be named “ index.html ” or “ index.php ” or something similar .
When it does n’t find one of these files , it falls back on the mod_autoindex module to display a listing of the files and folders in that directory .
Sometimes this is enabled , sometimes disabled , and sometimes you want to make customizations .
Well , with .htaccess you can easily manipulate these listings !
By default Directory listings are enabled .
Here is an example scenario .
Suppose you have a bunch of media files that you 're storing on your web server , and you want to hide them from the public and search engines so that no one can steal these files .
That 's very easy to do !
Simply create a .htaccess file in the directory that you want to hide and add the following directive :
Options Directive
Breaking this down we are using the Options directive .
This directive can take a number of values ( mentioned previously ) .
If you provide the values with a + or - like I did with - Indexes , then this will inherit the Options that were enabled in higher directories and the global configuration !
If you do n’t provide a + or - then the list that you provide will become the only options enabled for that directory and its subdirectories .
No other options will be enabled .
Because you may not know which Options were enabled previously , you will most likely use the + or - syntax unless you are absolutely sure you only want certain Options .
Now , with that directive in your .htaccess file , when you point your browser to that directory you will no longer be able to see the files .
Here is the before and after :
Forge Ahead - Basic Authentication
Okay , maybe totally disabling the Directory Index is not what you want .
It 's more likely that you want to keep the Indexes but only allow certain people access .
That is where Basic Authentication can be very useful .
This is the most common type of Authentication on the web .
When the user tries to access the page they will see the familiar Username / Password dialog .
Only a user with the proper credentials will be able to access the contents .
For basic authentication there are just two steps .
Setup a file that stores usernames and password ( encrypted ) .
Add a few lines to .htaccess to use that file .
Traditionally web developers have named the file that store the usernames and passwords “ .htpasswd ” .
This is because the command line tool that ships with Apache that generates the proper encrypted username / password pair is actually called htpasswd !
If you feel comfortable at the command line you can use the htpasswd tool , however there are plenty of online tools which will generate the output just as easily .
I created a sample .htpasswd file for a user “ joe ” with password “ cool ” .
I threw those values into the linked online tool and it produced :
Your output might be different , that is okay .
The passwords are hashed with a random salt to make them a bit more unique and secure .
Once your username and password combination has been added to the .htpasswd file , then you should add the following lines to your file :
Those commands are well documented .
The only real challenge is that you have to properly set the path to the .htpasswd file that you just generated .
This is a full absolute path from the absolute root of the server .
Also , because the .htpasswd file path is absolute , it 's good practice to put it in a directory outside the directory where Apache serves webpages to the public .
That way malicious users wo n’t be able to easily gain access to the raw listing of users / passwords stored in the .htpasswd .
Once it 's all set up , when someone attempts to access the page they will receive the following dialog :
Basic Authentication is nice and easy , but it 's not a total solution .
Passwords are sent over the wire , Base 64 Encoded , in plain text .
If you want more secure authentication you should couple Basic Authentication with https , a more secure protocol .
That is a topic for another time .
Headers
The core protocol of the web is the Hypertext Transfer Protocol ( HTTP ) .
If you really want to understand what the rest of the Apache directives deal with , you should have some knowledge of the protocol .
I ’m only going to su pplya very quick summary here .
I ’ll also make an effort to explain what the more complex directives are doing , but it will make more sense if you understand HTTP Headers .
The quick summary is that HTTP is stateless .
With every request ( from the browser ) and every response ( from the Web Server like Apache ) there are two sections .
A section of Header information , then an optional section containing the data itself , if there is any data .
Request header information often specifies the file they are requesting from the server ( index.html ) , any state information they should provide ( such as cookie data ) , and the mime types it 's willing to accept back from the server ( text / html or even gzip encoded content ) .
Response header information often specifies generic server information ( Apache , PHP , Perl versions etc. ) , the content encoding , length , mime / type , and more .
There are a plethora of HTTP headers to specify even more details like Cache Control , Redirects , and Status Codes .
Ever get a 404 ?
That was a result of requesting a file the server could n’t find , and thus it sent back a 404 Status Code in its Response .
What does this have to do with .htaccess ?
Well , you can use Apache directives to overwrite ( set ) or add new headers ( add ) which are sent back to the client in the Response ’s Header section .
Also , as you will see in later tutorials , more advanced functionality such as URL Rewriting deals with the incoming headers .
Let 's start simple , we 'll add a header to the Response and see what happens :
Requesting a file in the same directory as this .htaccess file shows the extra header :
You probably thought it was peculiar that I prefixed the custom header with “ X - ” .
This is actually a common convention that developers use to denote that the header is a non-standard header .
This makes it really easy to realize that this header is custom .
This convention is briefly mentioned here .
On a more comical note , some people have had a bit of fun with headers .
This site points out some rather unusual headers found all over the web .
However , I really want to show you how to create Headers so that you can use them as a debugging technique .
Just the other day , I ran a test to check to see if certain modules were enabled on a web - server .
I wrote the following check :
When I made my next request with my browser and checked the Response Headers , it showed that neither of the modules were turned on !
I contacted my hosting company , and they agreed to enable gzip compression !
There is a difference between Header set and Header add .
With add , the Header will always get added to the Response .
Even if it happens to show up multiple times in the response .
This is most often what you would want for custom headers .
You would use set when you want to override the value of one of the default headers that Apache returns .
An example would be overriding the mime / type specified by the Content - Type header for a certain file .
Apache would set the internal value and then use that when it prints out the default header .
There will be no duplicates , and thus no possibility for interpreting an error or confusion by the client .
( In case you were wondering , the HTTP specification states that , in the case of duplicates , the client should always use the last value specified for that duplicate header . )
Conclusion :
I ’ve gone over some basic Apache directives in quite a bit of detail .
I wanted to get the fundamental details out of the way so that the next tutorial may discuss cooler things .
My next article will focus on some of the more useful features you can enable with .htaccess .
These topics will include :
GZip encoding of content for both Apache 1.3 and Apache 2
A through description of mod_rewrite and plenty of examples that are dissected and explained in detail .
Follow us on Twitter , or subscribe to the NETTUTS RSS Feed for more daily web development tuts and articles .
And do n't forget , if you 're struggling to follow this , another option is to try the .htaccess Builder utility available on Envato Market .
1916 : Claude Elwood Shannon , the father of information theory and the man who coined the term bit , is born .
Shannon was educated at the University of Michigan and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and spent most of his career working for Bell Labs .
Shannon ’s 1938 master ’s thesis , A Symbolic Analysis of Relay and Switching Circuits , used Boolean algebra to establish the theoretical basis of modern digital circuits .
The paper came out of Shannon ’s insight that the binary nature of Boolean logic was analogous to the ones and zeros used by digital circuits .
His paper was widely cited , laying the foundations for modern information theory .
It has been called “ one of the most significant master ’s theses of the 20th century . ”
Not bad for a 22 - year - old kid from a small town in Michigan .
That paper includes the first known use of the term bit to refer to a “ binary digit . ”
Later wags would expand the terminology to include byte ( usually an 8 - digit binary number ) and even nybble ( half a byte , or 4 binary digits ) .
Shannon ’s later work , capped by the landmark 1948 A Mathematical Theory of Communication , more fully fleshed out communications theory , defining key concepts and predicting the upper limits of communications rates over telephone lines as well as more modern optical and wireless transmissions .
His framework and terminology remain standard to this date .
Shannon ’s interests were eclectic and included cryptography ( on which he briefly collaborated with Alan Turing during World War II ) , data and signal processing , and Mendelian genetics .
He was an avid tinkerer , creating devices such as a chess - playing machine , a chairlift to carry his three children 600 feet from his house to the lakeside , rocket - powered flying saucers , a Rubik ’s - cube–solving machine and juggling machines .
He also built an electromechanical “ mouse ” that could navigate arbitrary mazes , learning the correct path out as it went .
The device has been called one of the first learning machines ever built .
A gadget he kept on his desk , called the “ Ultimate Machine , ” consisted of nothing but a box with a switch on it .
When the switch was flipped on , the lid of the box opened and a mechanical hand emerged to flip the switch off , after which it retreated back into the box .
The idea was inspired by Marvin Minsky , and perhaps also Arthur C. Clarke .
Shannon was sometimes known to ride a unicycle down the halls of Bell Labs — while juggling .
Shannon ’s theories were n’t limited to the abstract :
He also used mathematics to get an edge in gambling and the stock market , using a principle developed by another mathematician — the Kelly criterion .
Together with MIT mathematician Edward O. Thorp , Shannon traveled to Las Vegas , making a killing at the blackjack tables ( and at least once using a “ wearable ” computer he developed to help compute the odds ) .
Later ,
Thorp would use these theories to found a hedge fund , Princeton - Newport Partners , making him one of the first successful “ quants ” on Wall Street .
Shannon died in 2001 .
Sources : Wikipedia , Encyclopedia Britannica , MIT , Bell Labs , NYU
Photo : Claude Shannon invented a clever electromechanical mouse , which he called Theseus .
It was one of the earliest attempts to build a machine that could learn and one of the first experiments in artificial intelligence .
Courtesy Bell Labs
See Also :
April 30 , 1897 : J.J. Thomson Announces the Electron … Sort Of
April 30 , 1945 : New Generation U - Boat Too Little , Too Late
March 25 , 1916 : Ishi Dies , a World Ends
Sept. 15 , 1916 : All Disquiet on the Western Front
Sorry to put things in hyperbolic terms , but I had to get some attention .
The young leaders in the movement are temporarily freaking out .
And they are doing it for the exact same reasons we did when we were young activists .
Guys , you tell me right or wrong , any of you that know me know not to tell me I 'm wrong to my face because you know you have a fight coming .
But I ai n't here to fight this time .
So put down the chairs .
I ain't gonna hurt you this time , I promise .
See there 's just a couple of things .
Many of you young leaders got brought into the movement when we were at a hight point .
We were unified around Ron Paul , we were all pulling in the same direction .
Kids , it took us 30 years to reach that point .
It 's not always this love - fest .
In fact it 's not usually this love fest .
In fact it 's practically never like this .
In fact , it 's never happened before .
Ever . Ask any O.G. in the movement .
It 's really never been better than this .
If you think there is acrimony in the movement now , you should have just seen us back in the day .
Children , we could n't agree upon where to have lunch .
You wonder why they called us " paleoconservatives " back in the day ?
It was n't ideology .
We used clubs to beat each other senseless .
Kids , this is the bad news .
You want to be an activist ?
I mean you truly want to be an activist ?
Can we talk you out of it ?
Because you stand to loose everything and get mocked by the people you love .
You want money ?
This is n't the place to get it .
You want acclaim or love without sacrifice ?
Run kittens .
Run a mile and do n't look back .
If you desire punishment for about 5 or 10 years and if you can take it and you can look back and see who is still standing and holding your hand , then kittens , you know what it is like to be an activist .
For our mission is to run and not be tired .
No big deal right ?
How far do we have to run ?
However far it takes .
This is something I 'm gonna tell you young people .
Some of us elders have been running for so long it 's all we remember .
So if we every actually get there , you are going to have to slap us across the face and say " you can stop running now pop , we 're home " .
You might have to tie us down with ropes .
Hey , what I see is you kids are so hard on each other and yourselves .
Hey man , all we had to deal with was a trans - generational enemy of almost unlimited power .
This is pretty small stuff compared to what you have to deal with .
So I 'm gonna share with you one of our ultimate secret weapons .
Truth is I wanted to share this with you for a long time but you had to grow up a bit .
Our ultimate weapon is love and understanding .
Our nuclear option is forgiveness .
Never underestimate yourself , your power and never underestimate the power of forgiveness .
- Oyate miyelo .
The Chinese Ministry of Industry and IT 's announcement that all PCs sold in China must include government - approved filtering software is a profoundly worrying development for online privacy and free speech in that country .
While the application , " Green Dam Youth Escort " , claims to only block pornographic sites , the access to a home computer such filtering software requires means that it could also have the power to conduct all sorts of other surveillance and control — far more than China 's current monitoring and blocking systems at the ISP level permits .
On present day operating systems , government - controlled software that are granted such admin rights would be able to collect IM and email conversations , install keyloggers , relay microphone and webcam recordings .
It could prevent or detect the use of web proxies ( the primary method of Chinese citizens seeking an uncensored Internet ) , and scan for privacy - protecting software like Tor and PGP .
Business users of Chinese PCs will be vulnerable to state - sponsored corporate espionage .
Foreign users of computers in China will be unable to guarantee the security of their communications .
Are these realistic threats ?
Absolutely : indeed , we 've already seen what many suspect is the Chinese government 's use of software in this way .
A localised Chinese version of Skype included backdoors that passed on private IM conversations to third - parties .
Tibetan dissidents have struggled with keylogging spyware that is uniquely targetted to this political group .
But until now , such software has relied on duping its users as to its function or on the poor security of their operating systems .
" Green Dam Youth Escort " will allow the Chinese state an automatic foothold on every Chinese PC , installing their own code remotely through automatic upgrades .
PC distributors have already reacted negatively to the announcement , not least because of its unrealistic deadline of July 1st .
Dell has said that it will only consider installing the software if its only purpose is to block pornographic content from children , and only if it can be disabled .
These companies need to continue the pushback , not just for reasons or practicality , or for privacy and surveillance , but in defence of their users ' right to manage their own property .
Other software companies , like the anti-virus companies , can assist by detecting and removing such programs in just the same way as they defeat other malware that undermines user control ( if they do not , they risk having criminal non-government malware use the Chinese program as method to conceal their own intentions , as happened with the Sony Rootkit ) .
Finally , Western governments need to understand that their own plans to infect computers with such software — under the proposed Loppsi 2 law in France , or the Federal Trojan project in Germany , or via the FBI 's current domestic spyware projects — needs detailed scrutiny and firm judicial controls in place .
The modern PC is as private and personal a locale as a citizen 's home .
Any state that claims to respect human rights and civil liberties should respect that privacy .
Insurrection : Day 2
The great Polish journalist Ryszard Kapuscinski witnessed and wrote about dozens of revolutions in the course of his life .
He has , perhaps , seen more revolutions than anyone in the history of the world .
He knew , while he lived , revolutions better than anyone .
In his book Shah of Shahs , about the Iranian revolution in 1979 , he describes the beginning of the end for the Shah Reza Pahlavi .
Now the most important moment , the moment that will determine the fate of the country , the Shah , and the revolution , is the moment when one policeman walks from his post toward one man on the edge of the crowd , raises his voice , and orders the man to go home .
The policeman and the man on the edge of the crowd are ordinary , anonymous people , but their meeting has historic significance .
They are both adults , they have both lived through certain events , they have both their individual experiences .
The policeman ’s experience :
If I shout at someone and raise my truncheon , he will first go numb with terror and then take to his heels .
The experience of the man at the edge of the crowd :
At the sight of an approaching policeman I am seized by fear and start running .
On the basis of these experiences we can elaborate a scenario :
The policeman shouts , the man runs , others take flight , the square empties .
But this time everything turns out differently .
The policeman shouts , but the man does n’t run .
He just stands there , looking at the policeman .
It ’s a cautious look , still tinged with fear , but at the same time tough and insolent .
So that ’s the way it is !
The man on the edge of the crowd is looking insolently at uniformed authority .
He does n’t budge .
He glances around and sees and sees the same look on other faces .
Like his , their faces are watchful , still a bit fearful , but already firm and unrelenting .
Nobody runs though the policeman has gone on shouting ; at last he stops .
There is a moment of silence .
We do n’t know whether the policeman and the man on the edge of the crowd already realize what has happened .
The man has stopped being afraid – and this is precisely the beginning of the revolution .
Here it starts .
Until now , whenever these two men approached each other , a third figure instantly intervened between them .
That third figure was fear .
Fear was the policeman ’s ally and the man in the crowd ’s foe .
Fear interposed its rules and decided everything .
Now the two men find themselves alone , facing each other , and fear has disappeared into thin air .
Until now their relationship was charged with emotion , a mixture of aggression , scorn , rage , terror .
But now that fear has retreated , this perverse , hateful union has suddnely broken up ; something has been extinguished .
The two men have now grown mutually indifferent , useless to each other ; they can now go their own ways .
Accordingly , the policeman turns around and begins to walk heavily back toward his post , while the man on the edge of the crowd stands there looking at his vanishing enemy .
-
Now take a look at this video uploaded from the city of Isfahan .
A ferocious - looking unit of armed riot police officers is shown running away in terror from civilian demonstrators .
-
Reza Shoja reports for The Media Line .
Car horn protests could be heard throughout the city , as could chants of " Bye bye dictator " , " Ahmadi Nejad is the biggest liar in Iran , " and " The president is committing a crime and the supreme leader is supporting him " .
-
Listen to the chants on Tehran 's rooftops in the middle of the night .
-
Roger Cohen in the New York Times :
I ’ve argued for engagement with Iran and I still believe in it , although , in the name of the millions defrauded , President Obama ’s outreach must now await a decent interval .
I ’ve also argued that , although repressive , the Islamic Republic offers significant margins of freedom by regional standards .
I erred in underestimating the brutality and cynicism of a regime that understands the uses of ruthlessness .
-
Defrauded opposition candidate Mir Hussein Mousavi belongs to the establishment .
The regime is coming apart and turning on itself .
Even clerics are turning against the “ Supreme Guide ” Ali Khamenei .
Grand Ayatollah Sanei in Iran has declared Ahmadinejad 's presidency illegitimate and cooperating with his government against Islam .
There are strong rumors that his house and office are surrounded by the police and his website is filtered .
He had previously issued a fatwa , against rigging of the elections in any form or shape , calling it a mortal sin .
-
Kevin Sullivan at RealClearWorld :
What 's emerging here could be interesting .
Iran hawks prefer to label the Iranian police state as simply " The Mullahs , " but the legitimate clerics in this dispute are the ones standing with Mir-Hossein Mousavi against ONE Mullah and his secular police apparatus .
If the election has been rigged in such a fashion , then what you are in fact seeing is the dropping of religious pretense in the " Islamic " Republic of Iran .
This is a secular police state in action .
Iranian poet Sheema Kalbasi agrees with Sullivan 's analysis :
Today is the day that the Islamic Republic officially transformed from a theocracy supported by Pasdaran to a Junta supported by a handful of clerics .
-
Meanwhile , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is sounding like Baghdad Bob again today .
The situation in the country is in a very good condition .
Iran is the most stable country in the world , and there ’s the rule of law in this country , and all the people are equal before the law .
-
According to a Twitter post from inside Iran , the army announced it will not use force against Iranians , only foreigners .
The army is made up of conscripts .
The Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps and Basij Militia , though , are separate armed forces loyal to the regime .
I do n’t like relying on Twitter feeds .
Rumors are bound to get posted this way .
But things are moving so fast .
You can follow Twitter feeds yourself here here and here .
( Thanks to David Hazony at Commentary for the pointer . )
David also points to a YouTube channel where dozens of videos have been uploaded .
-
A reader comments at niacINsight :
“ I am in Tehran .
Its 3:40 in the morning .
I ’ve connected with you [ by hacking past the government filter ] .
It ’s a big mess here .
People are yelling from their houses – ‘ death to the dictator . ’
They are setting up a military government .
No one dares to go out .
No one has seen Mousavi today .
Rumor has it that they have arrested him .
I do n’t have an email but I will contact you again .
Help us . ”
-
This is n’t encouraging :
According to our private phone conversations with people in Tehran , hundreds of parents have gathered by a police station in Yousef Abad , now known as Seyyed Jamal Aldin Asad Abadi , with their hands raised to the sky saying “ Obama , please help us , they are killing our young children . ”
-
The United States will not help .
Senator Joe Lieberman , though , at least thinks we should say something .
[ T] hrough intimidation , violence , manipulation , and outright fraud , the Iranian regime has once again made a mockery of democracy , and confirmed its repressive and dictatorial character .
We as Americans have a responsibility to stand in solidarity with people when they are denied their rights by repressive regimes .
When elections are stolen , our government should protest .
When peaceful demonstrators are beaten and silenced , we have a duty to raise our voices on their behalf .
We must tell the Iranian people that we are on their side .
For this reason , I would hope that President Obama and members of both parties in Congress will speak out , loudly and clearly , about what is happening in Iran right now , and unambiguously express their solidarity with the brave Iranians who went to the polls in the hope of change and who are now looking to the outside world for strength and support .
-
Policemen are n’t massacring civilians in the streets .
At least not yet .
The police are restrained .
Who can say if their hearts even warm to policing right now ?
Take a look at the video below .
Riot police officers ride into a crowd on motorcycles .
The demonstrators set one of the bikes on fire , then help a wounded policeman to safety .
I would n’t be surprised to see some defections in the ranks of the police .
But what about Hezbollah , the Revolutionary Guard , and the Basij Militia ?
It will take something extraordinary to get them to back down .
-
Ardeshir Arian :
There are widespread reports of police and security forces , around Tehran and other big cities where there have been demonstrations , who are not Iranian and either speak Persian with a very pronounced Arab accent or speak no Persian at all .
I 've read reports for a couple of years now that the regime hires Arabs as mercenaries from outside the country because it can't even pay enough Iranians willing to suppress their countrymen .
Arian adds :
Reports are circulating that Venezuela has sent anti-riot troops to Tehran to help Ahmadinejad , joining Hezbollah members from Palestine and Lebanon who are employed by the Islamic government as anti-riot police — the reason such forces are being brought in is that some of the Iranian police are unwilling to hit people as ordered and some are even joining the protesters .
Maybe .
It 's hard to separate fact from rumor right now .
-
The regime may well yet survive , at least for a while .
I would n’t bet against it just yet .
Barry Rubin nails the bottom line if it does :
The only logical explanation for why the regime did this is that Ahmadinejad 's opponents got so many votes that it frightened the regime .
It also shows that the regime is wedded to Ahmadinejad and his approach .
Is a regime that just committed itself irrevocably to the most extreme faction , most radical ideology , and most repressive control over the country going to compromise with the West on nuclear weapons or anything else ?
Of course not , like Gamal Abdel Nasser in the 1960s , Syria 's rulers in the 1970s , and Iraq 's Saddam Hussein in the 1980s ( and many examples elsewhere in the world ) it is going to use foreign adventurism and mobilizing hatred against the West and Israel to consolidate its hold on the country .
-
And finally , see my own piece just published in Commentary Magazine about the Islamic Republic regime in Iran : An Enemy of the World .
Over the next couple of days I 'll be posting regular updates and analysis at the Commentary Magazine blog .
-
Stay tuned for another long dispatch from Iraq after the weekend .
And if anyone feels like hitting my tip jar today , I promise not to get mad .
Posted by Michael J. Totten at June 14 , 2009 12:58 PM
See original for pics and additional hyperlinks :
http://www.opednews.com/articles/Pardon-Our-Dust-or-Why-t-by-Michael-Green-090417-989.html
Pardon Our Dust , or , Why the World Trade Center Dust Matters by Michael Green ( posted April 20 , 2009 at opednews.com )
John R. Moffett , the distinguished neuroscientist and managing editor of OPEDNEWS , has brought his considerable prestige to bear on the issue of whether the Twin Towers and WTC7 were destroyed by controlled demolition using the incendiary and sometimes explosive thermite as a key component .
Unfortunately , he has done so with either malicious incompetence , or worse , a cynical deliberate determination to distort , conceal , and suppress the findings of a recently published scientific article , " Active Thermitic Material Discovered in Dust from the 9/11 World Trade Center Catastrophe , " that dispositively proves the presence of unignited explosives in the WTC dust .
Neither motivation on Dr. Moffett 's part obviously recommends him for his post at OPEDNEWS .
I will first address Dr. Moffett 's smear http://www.opednews.com/articles/Was-it-Nanotech-Thermite--by-John-R-Moffett-090415-784.html, which was promoted to OPEDNEWS headline status on 4/15/2009 , then the importance of the thermitic dust .
If you think that 911 is n't your issue , you should pay close attention .
The evidence that first brought me around to considering 911 as a USG covert operation was the National Aeronautics and Science Administration 's ( NASA 's ) publication of a thermal survey taken September 16 , 2001 , that showed ground temperature hot spots of 1,100 and 1,400 degrees Fahrenheit .
Such temperatures are far too high to be produced by an open - air hydrocarbon fire except in very short bursts , but certainly not as an enduring after - effect .
Students of 911 have collected a vast array of evidence that temperatures at the WTC were generated far in excess of what normal hydrocarbon fires could produce .
The evidence includes eyewitness testimony of molten iron or steel weeks after the event , videos of orange molten metal pouring from the South Tower minutes before its destruction , and microspheres of once - molten iron in the dust examined by the United States Geological Survey forensics team ( without further comment or analysis ! ) .
The importance of iron microspheres is simple .
Iron melts around 2,800 Fahrenheit , which is about twice the highest temperature that an open - air fire could produce .
A microsphere can only be produced by first melting iron , then dispersing the melted iron by some energetic means ( like explosion ) into an aerosol whose particles , influenced by the surface tension of the molten metal , form spheres as the smallest surface area required to contain any specified volume of matter .
Once again , as with the NASA thermal survey , an intense source of energy other than the WTC fires is required to melt iron or steel , as even the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) admitted in its reports .
The science is pretty simple ; only its political consequences are complicated , and troubling .
Thermite is simply a combination of aluminum and iron oxide , both in powdered form .
When heated to a certain temperature , the highly reactive aluminum steals the oxygen atoms from the iron oxide .
This chemical reaction releases intense heat in excess of 4,500 degrees Fahrenheit , hot enough to cut through steel , and produces molten iron as its reaction product .
The first scientist to investigate thermite as a key component of the WTC demolitions was Steven E. Jones , who was then in 2005 a tenured professor of physics at Brigham Young University with a specialization in muon - catalyzed fusion .
Jones was subsequently forced to resign because of his 911 research , but he continued his research independently .
Alas for Jones and the group of same - minded scientists who were persuaded by the evidence that thermite was involved , the thought that should have come first came considerably later : " No incendiary or explosive is likely to combust completely in an environment of massive collapse and disruption such as 911 , so if we are right , there ought to be both residue of and unexploded samples of thermite in the WTC dust .
We need to look at the dust . "
Jones first made a request for the dust in an online paper in the fall of 2006 and examined his first sample in June 2007 .
Better late than never .
Jones obtained five samples of the dust from concerned citizens who had collected it on or shortly after 911 .
Four of these people signed affidavits regarding the provenance of the dust .
The fifth was unwilling to do so , and though his sample contained the same materials as the others , it was not included in the specimens examined for the article .
One of the samples was collected ten minutes after the collapse of the first Tower , so was not possibly contaminated by the collapse of WTC7 later that afternoon , let alone the even later steel - cutting operations .
In another instance , Jones personally traveled to California to obtain in the presence of other scientists a second sample from a woman who had provided a sample by mail , thus assuring that no switch had occurred between mailing and receipt .
The provenance of the dust is not in doubt and can if necessary be compared with dust samples collected by official agencies that refused to analyze their contents .
All of the dust samples contained an abundance of iron - rich microspheres as well as a collection of tiny chips that were red on one side , gray on the other .
These red - gray chips were put in a Differential Scanning Calorimeter ( DSC ) , a device that slowly heats the chips and measures how much energy the chips emit or absorb at a given temperature .
The chips all ignited at 425 degrees Centigrade ( +/- 10 degrees ) and produced microspheres of molten iron , which is the reaction product of a thermitic reaction .
2Al + Fe2O3 → Al2O3 + 2Fe ( molten iron )
Just to make things clear , iron melts at 2,800 Fahrenheit , about 1538 oC , so the red - gray chips – as the paper itself makes abundantly clear – generated intense temperatures and are a manufactured incendiary ( with explosive potential ) .
To confirm this finding , the authors measured the energy density of the red - gray chips – the amount of energy generated per gram of material – and compared it to the energy density of a variety of explosives and incendiaries , including conventional thermite .
The energy density of the red - gray chips exceeds that of standard explosives like HMX and TNT .
The authors state :
It is striking that some of the red / gray chips release more energy in kJ /g than does ordinary thermite , as shown in the blue bar graphs above .
[ Their Figure 30 ]
That the energy density of the red - gray chips exceeded the energy density of conventional thermite was especially striking because only the red side of the chip contained the thermitic materials ; the gray material was essentially inert and did not contribute to the energy density , but diminished it .
This finding was one amongst many results that lead the authors to conclude that the red - gray chips probably contained nano - thermite , a kind of " super " thermite with ultra - fine particles of aluminum and iron - oxide .
The authors then subjected the iron - rich microspherical residue of the red - gray chips to X - ray energy dispersive spectroscopy ( XEDS ) to compare it with the profile of microspherical residue from known thermite combustions and found them to be virtually identical .
Additionally , both were virtually identical to the XEDS of microspheres found in the WTC dust itself , as reported in a previous paper , Jones SE , Farrer J , Jenkins GS , et al .
" Extremely high temperatures during the World Trade Center destruction . "
J 9/11 Studies 2008 ; 19 : 1 -11 .
http://www.journalof911studies.com/articles/WTCHighTemp2
As the principal author , chemist Niels H. Harrit , remarked in a 10 - minute appearance on Danish television , the paper is merely the keystone in an already well - constructed arch of evidence that the Towers and WTC7 were taken down by controlled demolition .
Unfortunately , Dr. Moffett has only pretended to review even the findings in this paper .
Not a single one of the facts that I have presented in this review of the " Active Thermitic Material " paper was presented in his review , and there are many more compelling findings that support the same conclusion with which this popular essay will not burden the reader .
Instead , Dr. Moffett has actively suppressed them and maligned them by comparing them to the wildly speculative and false claims of Judy Wood in both his title , " Was it Nanotech - Thermite or Phasers that took down the WTC ? " and his conclusions .
Ms. Wood has tried to peddle an entirely speculative and contrary - to - evidence fantasy of high - energy beams , phasers , destroying the Towers .
I am going to focus on the central deceit of Dr. Moffett 's article .
Dr. Moffett dismisses the notion of thermite as absurd and writes , " Before I get into details about why this work is so poorly done , and why the interpretations of the researchers are so suspect , it is important to state that the thermite argument was put forward by these same researchers years ago , and the idea was fully debunked years ago . "
See for example here : http://www.911myths.com/WTCTHERM.pdf
A central point of the paper referenced by Moffett is that the presence of ingredients of thermite ( e.g. , aluminum and iron oxide ) is easily explained by , for example , the aluminum cladding on the Towers and the presence of rust ( iron oxide ) .
Dr. Moffett 's article elaborates on this simple theme :
It is no small coincidence that the major components that the researchers detected in the red and gray chips include iron , aluminum , oxygen , silica , and carbon , since these relate to the primary building materials that the WTC was constructed from .
The girders were steel , which rusts to iron oxide , the façade was aluminum , and the floors were concrete .
The traces of calcium and sulfur could easily be from wallboard ( calcium sulfate ) , as the authors themselves conclude .
...
X -ray dispersive spectroscopy can tell you what elements are in a sample , but not what molecules those elements are incorporated into .
Any sample of dust from the WTC collapse would contain similar amounts of these elements because those are the primary elements that made up the steel superstructure , concrete flooring , aluminum facade and other building materials ( not to mention the aluminum fuselage of the aircraft ) .
Thus , Dr. Moffett represents the nine authors of the paper as bumbling idiots who confuse the presence of elements of thermite in the debris with evidence for thermite itself .
Yet , on p.13 the authors state :
" The existence of elemental aluminum and iron oxide [ in the red portion of the red - gray chips ] leads to the obvious hypothesis that the material may contain thermite .
However , before concluding that the red material found in the WTC dust is thermitic , further testing would be required .
For example , how does the material behave when heated in a sensitive calorimeter ?
If the material does not react vigorously it may be argued that although ingredients of thermite are present , the material may not really be thermitic . "
Because the authors understood the issue , they performed the relevant tests that Dr. Moffett suppressed .
Instead , Moffett distorted and trivialized the complex case they made with the following aside :
" The researchers also showed that the chips could be ignited , and that they burned at a lower temperature than normal thermite .
This is of course not surprising since metals such as aluminum do burn if they are complexed with oxidizing agents , and are heated enough . "
But of course what the researchers did was to show not merely that the chips could be ignited at a lower temperature than a known nano - composite thermite , but also that the chips were fiercely exothermic , generated iron microspheres with the XEDS of thermite , and released more energy per gram than known samples of conventional thermite possibly could .
Thus , curiously , for some reason , the estimable Dr. Moffett writes as though there were one and only one kind of thermite , even though the paper he pretends to review emphasizes that there are many kinds , including thermitic materials researched by the military for both incendiary and explosive purposes , and it provides citations from mainstream journals to support this claim .
Instead , Moffett writes , " It is also important to note that thermite is not explosive , and it is difficult to ignite . "
I hope that willful ignorance or deliberate deceit will not become a standard at OPEDNEWS .
Could n't the Rubble Make the Thermite ?
Let us return to Dr. Moffett 's favorite article that " fully debunked " thermite as the key incendiary / explosive in the destruction of the World Trade Center .
Remarkably , that article ultimately attributed the destruction of the Towers to thermite , but claimed that the thermite was manufactured on site by the crash , the fire that melted the aluminum from the planes , and various elements of lime , gypsum , water , and rust from the materials of the buildings with which the aluminum combined to produce intense thermitic reactions that destroyed the Towers .
The author , Frank Greening , Ph.D. , also speculated that the building materials had kept the ground fires burning for months after the collapses because hot aluminum combined with high pH water -- made high pH by the aluminum grouting !
– to produce combustible hydrogen .
The author did this without any direct evidence that such was the case .
Fascinating !
An essay I wrote on the Kennedy assassination lays out the general strategy and tactic taken by the USG assets and agents assigned to the media cover - up of major domestic covert operations .
Instead of following the evidence and pursuing its obvious implications , the agents -- and the voluntarily self - deceived -- ignore or distort the natural implications of the evidence and in its place present an entirely speculative account of what the evidence " conceivably " might mean that is consistent with the official story .
Crucially , the import of any piece of evidence is usually isolated from the rich body of other evidence so that the " conceivable " interpretation may seem plausible .
The defenders of the official story then demand that the " conspiracy theorists " refute their speculation , usually when there is no means of doing so .
In the case of 911 , Dr. Moffett 's intellectual compatriot , Frank Greening , offers up a witches brew in which :
" The molten aluminum [ that Greening hypothesizes from airliners melted by fire ] re-ignites some of the smoldering fires and rapidly burns through other combustible materials that survived the initial conflagration .
Molten aluminum also falls onto fractured concrete , gypsum and rusted steel surfaces inducing violent thermite explosions , dispersing globules of molten metal and igniting new fires . "
Steven Jones already rebutted the witches brew “ hypothesis , ” by directly combining molten aluminum alternately with crushed gypsum , wet and dry concrete , and rusted steel .
See pp. 8 - 13 of his paper , “ Why , Indeed , did the World Trade Center Buildings Completely Collapse ? ” at the Journal of 911 Studies site , www.journalof911studies.com.
Jones states therein :
" Nor were violent reactions observed when we dropped molten aluminum onto crushed gypsum and concrete ( wet or dry ) and rusty steel .
[ Jones , 2006 ; available at http://www.scholarsfor911truth.org/ExptAlMelt.doc]
These experiments lend no support whatever to the notion [ see Greening , 2006 ] that molten aluminum in the WTC Towers could have destroyed the enormous steel columns in the cores of the buildings , even if those columns were rusty and somehow subjected to direct contact with liquid aluminum . "
In those same pages Jones also puts to rest Greening ’s hope – echoing both FEMA and NIST reports on 911 -- that the orange molten metal pouring from the 81st floor of the South Tower might be the melted aluminum from the airliner rather than molten iron from the thermite reaction .
This complex rebuttal should be read in Jones 's original paper .
Greening ’s “ witches brew ” production of thermite is a non-starter for other obvious reasons .
As noted , two of the red / gray chip samples generated more energy per gram than the theoretical limit for conventional thermite , and did so from the red layer alone .
Further details of Greening ’s fascinating speculation need not concern us for another very simple reason : the red / gray chips are patently cutting - edge manufactured materials .
Random blends of building materials cannot form uniform chips of red / gray layers with precisely identical composition .
Red layers for each of the four samples had XEDS spectra that were identical to each other and contained the ingredients of thermite ; so were the XEDS spectra of each of the gray layers identical to each other , and were inert materials .
Such identical composition is not consistent with a variety of random mixtures scattered to the winds by the buildings ' collapses .
Direct inspection of the red / gray chips , as well as their microstructure , reveals a solid compact gray layer to which the highly granular thermitic red layer adheres .
A nanometer is one billionth of a meter , about 4 hundred millionths of an inch ( 1 nanometer = 3.93700787 × 10 - 8 inch ) .
Magnification of the red layer reveals highly engineered plate - like aluminum particles 40 nm in thickness ( 40 billionths of a meters ) mixed in a solidified matrix with remarkably uniform iron - rich rhomboid particles .
( The aluminum particle in the image below looks like a flying saucer . )
The highly uniform nano - metric particle sizes are found in engineered explosives , but not in normal building materials .
The dense uniform mixture of nano - sized particles is what allows the product to ignite below the temperature of even commercial nano - thermite , and to generate the intense energy output per gram that exceeds the theoretical limits for optimally prepared conventional thermite .
The pictures , especially combined with the nano - thermite performance of the red / gray chips , should persuade any reasonable reader that chips present in all the dust samples are manufactured and engineered .
Thus , I suggest that the only witches brew you need to be aware of is the calculated disinformation that replaces the evidence and its face value with a supposedly " conceivable " interpretation of a portion of the evidence -- that must also blind you to much of the actual evidence -- in order to maintain your devotion to a fictitious Official Story of 911 .
Why The Dust Matters
I will be brief here from necessity .
If the Towers and Building 7 were destroyed by controlled demolition , then these vastly complicated acts were coordinated through the security apparatus of the World Trade Center in conjunction with high - ranking members of the U.S. military , especially the Air Force , whose cooperation was required to assure that the commercial airplanes hit their targets , and with the media whose job it was to disseminate the fiction of Osama bin Laden and Al Qaeda from the mouths of the intelligence agencies that coordinated this grand act of political theater .
The cover -up was managed by control of the crime scene and subsequent " investigations " , destruction of the evidence , and was anticipated through a variety of legislation and executive orders that are well known to 911 researchers .
The USG , in cooperation with elements of private industry and finance capital , brought us 911 .
The 911 Commission , like the Warren Commission before it , remains a cruel hoax to euthanize critical public thinking .
Not all of the actors who served the cover - up were aware of their roles , but they were ultimately set into motion by those who were .
Behind , and parallel to , the visible and overt political power structure lies the fundamental source of political power and action in the United States .
It is known well only to those who participate regularly in it , and to a small number of persons , who for one reason or another have stumbled into it , have refused to look aside , and have pursued it to its bottom .
I do n't wish to dramatize the " invisible government " but these are the persons who control domestic covert action to effect profound changes in political power and political climate in extra-legal ways and who also own and control much of Congress .
The motivation and sense of entitlement to do so is an old story , and keeping within the bounds of U.S. history there is John Jay , who would become the first Chief Justice of the United States , who said in arguing against popular suffrage , '' The people who own the country ought to govern it . ''
Covert action is one amongst many means that allow those who own this country to rule it without ostensibly violating the spirit of democracy .
These persons are united in keeping their deeds secret from the vast number of Americans even when they strongly disagree amongst themselves about the wisdom of a particular covert action like 911 .
Providing the details for this political perspective would take us too far afield , but it is this perspective that is entailed by the thermitic dust in the World Trade Center , one that would mobilize the American people could they only grasp it and comes to terms with it .
That is what people like Steven Jones , Niels Harrit , Jim Hoffman , Kevin Ryan , David Ray Griffin , Richard Gage & friends are trying to promulgate , and people like Dr. Moffett are trying to suppress .
The " Thermitic Dust " paper is a scientific paper produced by scientists using their expertise to illuminate the mechanism of 911 as a covert operation .
It presents an extraordinary piece of 911 evidence that allows no wiggle room , that cannot be explained away in any other fashion .
Underscoring the evidentiary significance of the thermitic dust does nothing to scant the larger geopolitical picture nor the abundance of non-scientific evidence that others have laboriously , and often very courageously , assembled .
As Michael Ruppert emphasized , the world is running out of irreplaceable oil .
Others have noted that United States capitalism has been in a long arc of decline since the Vietnam war , and has declined more rapidly in the wake of decisions to deindustrialize and to allow " finance capital " -- parasitic practices that produce fictitious profits at the expense of the real economy -- to become an ever greater part of the U.S. economy .
The ruling class of the United States responded to threats to the U.S. dollar and U.S. global hegemony by generating a pretext for war in the Middle East in an attempt to shore up both the dollar and the hegemony by obtaining a stranglehold on the oil in that area that constitutes roughly 60 % of the world 's known reserves .
To the rulers of the United States , the sacrifice of 3,000 civilians means nothing more than a form of involuntary conscription that they feel fully entitled to impose .
The " endless war on terror " was a pronouncement by the neocons and their allies of their confidence that military might sufficed to intervene against " terrorism " wherever they felt seizure of scarce resources and geopolitical gain were to be found .
The need to defend ourselves against an existential enemy of the rulers ' own creation served as the pretext to build a domestic police state for use against its own citizens should they mobilize against the rulers ' preferred allocation of resources when oil and other scarcities could no longer be profitably found to preserve the standard of living to which the people of the United States , and the advanced western democracies generally , had become accustomed .
The importance of the thermitic dust is complementary to all the other evidence assembled by others .
A short non-exhaustive list of such evidence includes 1 ) the world - wide insider puts that used foreknowledge of 911 to make investments to rake in small fortunes ; 2 ) the many ignored and suppressed warnings derailed from the top of the USG intelligence chain of command ; 3 ) the well - planned and well - concealed War Games running simultaneously with the 911 operation to prevent NORAD from intercepting the airliners and -- only if necessary -- to provide an excuse why no interception occurred ;
4 ) Dick Cheney 's " the order still stands " command not to shoot down the airliner that was approaching the Pentagon , that was suppressed by the 911 Commission ; 5 ) the stories of the brave whistleblowers , including Coleen Rowley , Indira Singh , Robert Wright , and Sibel Edmonds all of whom have been sidelined and marginalized into political insignificance ; 6 ) the background of Mohammed Atta & friends ( from Daniel Hopsicker ) that reveals them as well trained and protected USG intelligence operatives , not Islamic terrorists ; 7 ) the cover - up conspiracy too vast even to adumbrate .
I should say in closing that many if not most of even the very good 911 researchers do not understand the nature of this power nor the forces of psychological resistance to reaching an understanding of it .
For example , David Ray Griffin has urged Congress to investigate 911 anew in light of this dramatic evidence , in my view apparently having failed to learn the palpable lesson from his own book , The 911 Commission Report : Omissions and Distortions , i.e. , that key members Congress were actively complicit in the cover - up and that the others knew their proper role to be to stand aside in mute silence .
Similarly , in his Danish TV interview , Niels Harrit said that now that this paper has revealed not merely the smoking gun , but the " loaded gun , " i.e. , the unignited thermite , that he expects the authorities to start an investigation and bring the criminals to justice .
I have no such expectations .
Between the hard facts of the matter and organized political actions stand both the self - deceived guardians of the psychological status quo and the deliberate agents of the invisible government .
Would that the truth were simple , plain , and self - evident .
Instead , we face the problem articulated by my friend Vincent Salandria , the father of the first generation of the John F. Kennedy researchers , in a 1971 address .
Referring to the JFK assassination , Salandria argued that when a major covert action takes place , the truth about it is revealed :
" ... at differing levels of certainty to diverse people and at different times .
In this way , they [ the plotters ] could avert a concerted counter thrust to their illegitimate seizure of power .
Democratic forces could not unite against the new illegitimate governmental apparatus because of timing .
The insights of what had occurred dawned in the minds of the decent citizens at different times and with different degrees of clarity . "
( Vincent Salandria , False Mystery , p. 103 )
Salandria believes that often in the Kennedy case , " The new rulers carefully and selectively orchestrated revelations of their bloody work , so as to gain therefrom the deference to which they felt they were entitled by their ascendancy to absolute power . "
For 911 , a possible example of an orchestrated revelation would be the NASA thermal survey showing ground temperatures days and weeks after 911 that were inconsistent with a normal hydrocarbon fire , boasting of their sins rather than confessing them .
I do n't waste much time wondering whether there was such intent behind the NASA survey , or whether the bureaucracy unwittingly produced this early revelatory finding .
The NASA survey failed to produce a collective epiphany because of how slowly information spreads , how ill - equipped most people are to use it , and because even those best equipped to understand it also know the vagaries of research and look for further evidence to confirm or disconfirm it , as have the authors of " Active Thermitic Material . "
Sly boast or bureacratic release , the effect is the same .
Only now , the facts that matter politically are in , and if I expect the mainstream media to do everything in its power to ignore and distort the findings of unignited thermitic material in the WTC dust – and I do – I was still a little surprised to find the Managing Editor of OPEDNEWS doing the same thing .
Perhaps I should not have been .
Mr Wadiya says two storerooms were completely burned out
By Heather Sharp
BBC News , Gaza City
One of the building 's corners stands on a precariously buckled concrete pillar .
But the small assembly line swishes on in the middle of the vast room , spitting out blue - wrapped ice lollies .
Al - Wadiya group , Gaza 's largest food manufacturer , suffered extensive damage during Israel 's 22 - day military operation in January .
But six months later , recycled scrap metal covers a gaping hole , and the factory is making ice - cream again .
Just .
Before the conflict , Chairman Yaser al - Wadiya employed 276 people to make 127 food products .
Now 45 employees produce only four items .
Al - Wadiya ice - cream factory struggles to get back to business
In pictures
" They damaged everything , " he says , flicking through an album of pictures of charred vehicles and pointing out a heap of rubble that was once a biscuit factory .
Recovery has been " very difficult , " he says , because of the Israeli blockade , which includes a virtual ban on all exports , and on imports of raw and construction materials .
Israel imposed the restrictions in an attempt to end rocket attacks on Israel and weaken Hamas , which seized control of the Strip in 2007 .
Israeli authorities say building materials can be used to make rockets , and to build the tunnels through which weapons and other goods are smuggled into Gaza from Egypt .
GAZA UNDER BLOCKADE : June 2009 40 % unemployed 750,000 receive Unrwa food aid No petrol or diesel since Nov 2008 ( except UN )
Half required cooking gas allowed Recently blocked items : light bulbs , candles , matches , books , musical instruments , crayons , clothing , shoes , mattresses , sheets , blankets , tea , coffee , chocolate , nuts Virtually no building materials allowed in Source : Unrwa and World Bank
Guide : Gaza under blockade Scant movement on Gaza blockade Gaza hospital bears heavy strain Mr Wadiya has bought some materials and machinery sold off from other damaged businesses , and imported much of the rest at inflated prices through the tunnels .
He paid $ 65 each for bags of cement that cost $ 5 before the blockade , he says .
" We will fix whatever we can , " says Mr Wadiya , the third generation in the family business .
" We are not going anywhere , this is our land . "
Even before the conflict , the blockade had devastated Gaza 's industrial sector .
By June 2008 , all but 90 of Gaza 's 3,900 industrial enterprises had ground to a halt , laying off 97 % of their 35,000 staff , according to the Palestinian Trade Center , although things improved slightly in the six - month Israel - Hamas truce that followed .
In an air - conditioned office in Gaza City , Amr Hamad has just returned from giving his latest international visitor , Norway 's foreign minister , a tour of Gaza 's ruined industrial zone .
The Palestinian Federation of Industries , which he heads , says many of the 324 businesses damaged in the Israeli operation were those that were still functioning .
He says the Israeli troops ' destruction of economic infrastructure was " very much deliberate " .
Mr Wadiya , for example , has photographs of caterpillar tracks amid the ruins of the biscuit factory , which he believes the Israelis finished off with bulldozers after hitting it from the air .
The UN's top humanitarian official , John Holmes , has accused Israel of the " systematic levelling " of Gaza 's industrial area , where the al - Wadiya factory is located .
The site is close to the border with Israel , so a desirable rocket launching zone for Palestinian militants , but Mr Wadiya says his factory was surrounded by a 3 m security fence .
The Israeli military says it " did not specifically target industrial premises " .
They were damaged , it says , either because they were being used by Hamas , or because " there was a specific military need to do so " .
The damage was " proportional " , the military says , and due to Palestinian militants ' use of civilian buildings for cover .
Both Israel and Hamas deny allegations that they violated international humanitarian law during the conflict .
Mr Hamad cites the case of al - Badr flour mill , Gaza 's largest , the only one that was operating at the time and the only place in the Strip that can store large volumes of grain .
Mr Hamada says new machinery would cost $ 1.5 m
Pigeons now fly in and out of a mess of charred machinery , open to the sky where a huge section is missing from the top two floors .
Manager Mahmoud Hamada says it was hit from both sides by F16s and helicopters on 16 January , following telephone warnings that the building would be targeted , but he insists there were no Hamas fighters in the area .
At the time of publication , the Israel military had not responded to questions about why either the flour mill or the al - Wadiya factories were attacked .
There were no casualties from the strikes , but his 35 - year - old nephew , a doctor and father of five , plunged four floors to his death while trying to clear debris after the attack .
Mr Hamada says he needs 60 tonnes of iron , 200 of cement and some $ 1.5 m worth of machinery to rebuild .
But none of it is available .
He says , politically , he is neutral and simply cares about " how to bring bread for the people of Gaza " .
A large section of the top two floors of the al - Badr mill was completely destroyed
This is typical , says Amr Hamad , of much of Gaza 's business community - who he says tend to be either politically unaffiliated , or supporters of the West Bank - based Palestinian Authority rather than the more militant Hamas .
" These people are very keen on good relations with Israel , because for them , peace means money , " he says .
He says the business community is losing influence in Gaza , as it is replaced by black marketeers who run the tunnels , on which Hamas is widely thought to levy taxes .
An Israeli government official recently admitted to the BBC that the blockade , which is currently under review , may inadvertently benefit Hamas - but pointed out that easing it might be taken as a victory for the Islamic movement .
Mr Hamad is concerned that if things do not change soon , Gaza 's industrial sector will be beyond recovery , leaving isolation , aid - dependency and unemployment that he believes would be " dangerous " : " I have grown up to know other people - Jewish , Muslim and Christians .
The coming generations do n't mix with Western people .
They will not be able to accept others unless they mix with them . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
about this card
I ’m in San Francisco writing a script for a Canadian TV adaption of Breaking Bad .
The story is set in Alberta .
The lead character gets cancer , receives free government healthcare , makes a full recovery and lots of nice friends .
I really tried to put a rabbit into the story but it kept touching balloon animals inappropriately .
Rabbits .
They 're so wrong . ,
‘ COLONELS IN MIRRORED SUNGLASSES ’….
I can appreciate why Karl Rove is upset about recent revelations about Bush administration torture policies .
After all , who wants their friends and colleagues to end up looking like war criminals ?
Rove has a specific job to do : make Bush and his team look better , while trying to destroy President Obama and his team .
The latest evidence puts Rove in a tougher position .
Poor guy .
But that hardly excuses the kind of foolish rhetoric Rove is throwing around .
Last night , on Fox News ( where else ? ) , for example , Rove said the administration ’s recent disclosures about torture are “ very dangerous . ”
Rove insisted , “ What they ’ve essentially said is if we have policy disagreements with our predecessors … .
[ W ] e ’re going to turn ourselves into the moral equivalent of a Latin American country run by colonels in mirrored sunglasses and what we ’re gonna do is prosecute systematically the previous administration , or threaten prosecutions against the previous administration , based on policy differences .
Is that what we ’ve come to in this country ? ”
You see , in Rove World , the way to avoid becoming a banana republic is to have a chief executive who ignores the rule of law .
Then , the chief executive is replaced , and his / her successor must ensure there are no consequences for those who ignored the rule of law in the recent past .
No matter how serious alleged crimes , no matter how compelling the evidence , no matter the consequences , if a president believes those who came before him / her broke the law , he / she must not prosecute , or even investigate .
If he / she disagrees , the president would be acting like a Latin American colonel in mirrored sunglasses .
I sometimes wonder if Rove can even hear the words coming out of his mouth .
The evidence that he did so in part to generate false evidence for the Iraq war is accumulating :
Then - Vice President Dick Cheney , defending the invasion of Iraq , asserted in 2004 that detainees interrogated at the Guantanamo Bay prison camp had revealed that Iraq had trained al Qaida operatives in chemical and biological warfare , an assertion that was n't true .
Cheney 's 2004 comments to the now - defunct Rocky Mountain News were largely overlooked at the time .
However , they appear to substantiate recent reports that interrogators at Guantanamo and other prison camps were ordered to find evidence of alleged cooperation between al Qaida and the late Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein despite CIA reports that there were only sporadic , insignificant contacts between the militant Islamic group and the secular Iraqi dictatorship .
The head of the Criminal Investigation Task Force at Guantanamo from 2002 - 2005 confirmed to McClatchy that in late 2002 and early 2003 , intelligence officials were tasked to find , among other things , Iraq -al Qaida ties , which were a central pillar of the Bush administration 's case for its March 2003 invasion of Iraq .
" I'm aware of the fact that in late 2002 , early 2003 , that ( the alleged al Qaida - Iraq link ) was an interest on the intelligence side , " said retired Army Lt. Col.
Brittain Mallow , a former military criminal investigator .
" That was something they were tasked to look at . "
I do n't quite know why I 'm on a flight to Athens , except that it seems like the right thing to do .
I 'm flying out on a last minute whim to hang around outside a conference which may , or may not , be happening and to which I 've not been invited .
None of you has .
You wo n't have read about it .
You wo n't have seen a guest list , you wo n't see photographs of it .
It is n't happening .
It does n't exist .
I 'm flying out to Athens for no reason at all .
To have a holiday I do n't deserve and can't really afford .
Maybe catch a little sunstroke , grab some food poisoning , and come home .
Pointless .
Unless , of course , the rumours are true .
Unless , as a handful of people are saying , this weekend is Bilderberg .
The yearly alignment of the distant stars that shape our destiny .
A long weekend at a luxury hotel , where the world 's elite get to shake hands , clink glasses , fine - tune their global agenda and squabble over who gets the best sun loungers .
I 'm guessing that Henry Kissinger brings his own , has it helicoptered in and guarded 24/7 by a CIA special ops team .
If it 's happening at all , Kissinger will be here .
David Rockefeller will be here .
Presidents of banks , and chairmen of boards .
The Ben Bernankes and Condoleezza Rices of this world .
Heads of oil companies , media magnates , the Queen of the Netherlands and Peter Mandelson .
Probably Ben Bernanke , possibly David Cameron .
Politicians and financiers from all five corners of the globe ( do n't let them tell you there are four ) .
And me .
I arrived last night , under cover of darkness .
I told the cab driver to stop 50 metres from the hotel .
He asked why .
I could n't tell him that it was so I could case the entrance for FBI lenses .
I simply muttered that I could n't explain .
His eyes lit up .
" Aha !
I see !
I know ! "
What did he know ?
And who is that following us ?
A man in a BMW .
Definite spook .
Get a grip .
The driver drops me on a dark corner of the Athenian Riviera , pats me on the shoulder and says : " You want to smoke some dope ? " I decline .
I need my senses sharp .
I scurry into the hotel , glancing into parked cars , looking for vans with mirrored windows .
There are n't any .
At reception they seem to have lost my booking ( the tentacles of Bilderberg reach far ! ) , but eventually I get checked in , go upstairs , unpack , have a shower , go downstairs , step outside , look across the street and realise I 've scurried into the wrong hotel .
This is who Bilderberg are up against .
An embarrassing hour later , I set out again from the right hotel , determined to find the location where Bilderberg is said to be happening .
Get some early photos , maybe see Hillary Clinton arrive .
Although I 'll settle for Ken Clarke .
It 's getting late .
Joggers are out .
FBI ?
Secret service ?
Almost certainly .
I trudge on determinedly .
After about half an hour I realise I turned the wrong way out of my hotel and I am walking up a deserted coastline towards Athens .
I go back to bed .
Another untroubled night for Bilderberg .
At breakfast , a heavy - set man with hairy forearms sits opposite me and fiddles with his mobile phone .
Definite spook .
He eats a hard - boiled egg and watches me struggling with my Coco Pops .
My first discovery of the day is to find out what happens to Coco Pops when they 're left to sit for a decade in a Greek presentation dish .
They turn to gravel .
The spook leaves before me .
He got what he came for : a photo of me , sneaked on his mobile and wired already to Quantico in Virginia .
And a hard - boiled egg .
Outside , it 's a beautiful day , the air smells of sun and seashells , and there is no sign of a global cabal meeting anywhere near .
I have a wander .
From my meagre , third - hand , internet forum sources , I think I know the hotel where Bilderberg is happening : the Astir Palace resort .
Further from my hotel than it looked on Google maps .
Note to self : always check the scale on the zoom .
A dozen promontories and dusty dead - ends later , and I 'm ready to give up .
It 's too hot .
I do n't have a sunhat .
The world is going to hell and Vouliagmeni is full of litter .
What is it with the Greeks and bins ?
Do they not see them ?
Do they not believe they exist ?
Hidden in plain sight … it 's the Bilderberg way .
It 's too hot .
I need some water .
Bilderberg 's nemesis : journalist Jim Tucker .
Photograph : Charlie Skelton
And then , on the pavement ahead , there he was .
I recognised him from the videos .
The braces , the loose shirt , the grizzle .
The tattered leather briefcase , packed with dark secrets .
It was the doyen of Bilderberg hunters himself , Jim Tucker .
I addressed him .
" Excuse me ... Mr Tucker ? "
" Let 's go into my hotel and talk . "
Tucker is a man in a hurry .
He 's not getting any younger , and his old enemy Bilderberg is getting stronger .
" Hot enough for you ? " I venture .
" Too hot for a fatboy , " he growls .
The exchange makes me feel like a resistance fighter exchanging codewords .
Assured of my credentials , Tucker gestures me into his hotel lobby .
I can't believe my luck .
Suddenly I 'm not alone , I 'm not hallucinating .
Bilderberg is here .
Where you find Jim Tucker , you know Bilderberg is n't far away .
He 's a herring gull , telling me there are whales beneath .
Tucker lights a non-filter cigarette , lays his hat upon the table , and settles back into the lobby sofa to talk ...
Charlie Skelton will be filing regular updates from Athens until he is arrested by shadowy figures in dark glasses
Fotos ineditas de los beatles en sus comienzos
RIAA makes mistake , drops suit against computer - less person
RIAA group member Universal Music Group has been forced to drop a case against a client they were charging with copyright infringement , simply because the alleged client did not have a computer to begin with .
The client was charged after his IP address was tracked by MediaSentry , a firm that specializes in tracking down clients that illegally download or access copyrighted material on the Internet .
However , the RIAA has admitted that their evidence had been faulty to begin with .
MediaSentry has been known to give out “ false positives “ , because of their seemingly overdependence on IP addresses alone to track their clients .
By John Sudworth
BBC News , Seoul
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Yangyang International is an airport looking for a reason to exist .
Built on South Korea 's east coast just seven years ago , you wo n't find any delays or long queues here .
In fact , you wo n't find any passengers at all .
The initial vision could not have been more different .
Up to three million people a year were meant to throng the gleaming floors of the departure and arrival halls , built at a cost of almost $ 400 m ( £ 260 m ) .
But last year an average of just 26 passengers a day came through the doors , vastly outnumbered by the 146 airport staff on hand to serve them .
In November the last commercial flight took off , and the terminal became what the Korean national press has dubbed a " ghost airport " , an impressive monument to overestimated demand .
But it is not an isolated example .
Empty spaces
In fact , if there was to be an award for the world 's quietest international airports , South Korea would surely be one of the favourites .
Politicians , in order to gain votes , promise their constituents an airport
Choi In- wook
Korean Citizens Action Network
At the other end of the country from Yangyang , way down in the south - west , is the even newer Muan International Airport .
It opened less than two years ago , and although a handful of flights do at least land there , the terminal is struggling .
Built amidst the surrounding onion fields , it looks an unlikely spot for a thriving airport , and the scene inside is , once again , one of empty check - in desks and empty spaces .
Figures for last year show passenger levels at less than 3 % of capacity .
" It might be better if it was used a bit more , " said one passenger I spoke to , part of a group of Korean tourists preparing to catch one of only two flights leaving that day .
" But having said that , " she added , " it is nice to come to an airport that is n't busy for a change . "
Vanishing demand
As elsewhere , the project was meant to be a boost for the local economy , bringing in visitors , and connecting the local economy with the wider world .
But the region 's farmers and fishermen may now wonder if it was a worthwhile investment .
South Korea has a total of 14 regional airports .
Figures show that 11 of them lost money last year .
What should have been the 15th , another new east - coast airport , already more than 80 % complete , has been suspended because of lack of demand .
And there is currently an ongoing debate about the wisdom of the plans to build yet one more , somewhere near the southern port city of Busan .
One reason for the lack of demand for air travel may be the simultaneous development of a high - speed rail link that now whisks travellers from one end of the country to the other in less than three hours , as well as the construction of a network of new motorways .
' Political logic ' Local airports have been built by " political rather than market logic " , according to one newspaper .
The Korean Citizens ' Action Network , an organisation that monitors government spending , claims that hundreds of millions of dollars have been wasted on terminals and runways that simply are not needed .
Yanyang airport was built at a cost of almost $ 400 m
" Politicians , in order to gain votes , promise their constituents an airport , " said spokesman Choi In - wook .
" Rather than checking the need thoroughly , the feasibility studies can be distorted to support the projects , and as a result there is an oversupply of airports in this country . "
Could not the case be made , though , that some of today 's under - used airports may turn out to have a long - term future ?
" Maybe , " he said .
" If they honestly forecast that there would be large , initial losses for a long - term strategic benefit , then fair enough .
But from the beginning the feasibility reports are inaccurate , so no one knows the true prospects . "
Both the government and the Korea Airports Corporation , the body that manages the regional airports , refused the BBC 's request for an interview .
There are those , like the staff at Yangyang airport , who do indeed believe that they may still find a profitable future for their terminal .
But it is the views of the passengers that really matter - and for now , they are voting with their feet .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Sources have told The Escapist that once - mighty studio 3D Realms will be closing its doors .
Though 3D Realms has yet to provide a reason for the closure , it 's not too hard to guess that it has something to do with Duke Nukem Forever 's turbulent development history .
The game was originally announced in late April of 1997 , then spent over twelve years in development hell .
Despite George Broussard 's claims that the title had " hit a major milestone " last month , there had n't been even the barest hint of a demo build .
If your answer to the question , " So , you 've been working on this game for twelve years ... got anything playable to show ? " is " No , not really ... " then it'd be understandably difficult to convince people to keep funding a project .
As for right now , the fate of gaming 's most famous vaporware is undetermined .
It 's possible that there could be a sudden savior to swoop in and save the infamous title and studio from the brink .
It 's possible that 3D Realms might be able to just slap something together and hope for the best , but none of that is really likely .
The Escapist has contacted 3D Realms for a statement and is awaiting a response .
UPDATE : Deep Silver and Apogee Software have issued the following statement : " Deep Silver and Apogee Software are not affected by the situation at 3D Realms .
Development on the Duke Nukem Trilogy is continuing as planned . "
The US Department of Homeland Security is working on a torch - like " light - sabre " weapon , designed to leave aliens ( illegal ones , that is ) stumbling and puking helplessly .
S&T Snapshots , an inhouse journal of the DHS Science and Technology arm , reports that the S&T Directorate 's Small Business Innovation Research ( SBIR ) office has a contract with Intelligent Optical Systems , a small Californian company .
Bob Lieberman and Vladimir Rubtsov , leading lights of Intelligent Optical , are developing the regurge - rapier tech for DHS .
" There are often confrontations at border crossings with suspected illegal aliens or drug runners , " Lieberman told S&T Snapshots .
" You do n't want to hurt or kill them , just take them into custody .
With this , " he said - apparently with a smile , no doubt a rather sinister one .
" They do n't need to know English to comply . "
The plan is that riot - boffins from Pennsylvania State University 's Institute of Nonlethal Defense Technology , will try the vomit - dazzle beam out on volunteers this autumn .
Hopefully they 'll do it on a tiled floor , or put down some plastic sheet or something .
" There 's one wavelength that gets everybody , " chortled Lieberman , worryingly .
" Vlad calls it the evil color . "
Good old Vlad .
What a card .
S&T Snapshots fed - scribes write that : " The light could be used to make a bad guy turn away or shut his eyes , giving authorities enough time to tackle the suspect and apply the cuffs ... "
Provided the lawmen did n't slip in the pools of vomit , anyway - or wander into any , erm , projectiles .
It 's no picnic in the DHS , clearly .
At the moment the sick - sabre module is a bit on the tubby side , at four inches thick and over a foot long .
Lieberman and Rubtsov hope to get it down to Mag - lite torch / truncheon * dimensions soon - though there is also talk of a " wide - angle " bazooka - sized device , capable of " immobilising a mob " .
This latter option sounds almost too awful to contemplate : hundreds of hapless would - be migrants floundering in a self - generated chunky lake .
This type of heavy chunder - cannon ordnance is also under investigation by the US armed forces , as it happens .
They want to mount it on a flying robot , naturally .
Still , fearful as the disco hurl - gun may be , its effects could be marginally less unpleasant than being clubbed , shot , or electrified into submission .
And it could be relatively easy to circumvent , too .
If , as S&T Snapshots suggests , the chunder - cutlass " could be in the hands of thousands of policemen , border agents , and National Guardsmen " by 2010 , we might see big uptake of mirrorshades among the huddled masses . ®
* You did n't think plods carried those things just to light stuff up , did you ?
April 19 , 2009 — Patrick Zimmerman
Possessed : Just Mad About Hoarding
Possessed is a documentary made by the young British filmmaker Martin Hampton .
The short film is a shocking depiction of people whose lives have been scarred by obsessive hoarding .
Possessed enters the complicated worlds of four hoarders , people with everyday experiences that have become dominated by their relationships to possessions ; mobile phones , books , food containers and pieces of paper have taken over the lives of these “ collectors . ”
The film shows the four hoarders talking about their behavior and how it has affected their lives .
It raises the question of to what extent hoarding is a revolt against the material recklessness of consumerism , and to what degree it ’s an obsessive symptom of mental illness .
When does collecting turn into hoarding , and why do possessions exert such an influence on our lives ?
Even if you ca n’t relate to hoarding , you ’ll still be fascinated and moved by the plight of Mr. Hampton ’s subjects .
They are in different stages of both awareness and desperation , but all four of them are so straightforward and sincere that you ca n’t help but feel for them .
Possessed : Just Mad About Hoarding
( Best Viewed Full - Screen )
Please Share
This :
Robin of Locksley , known as the most skilled archer of the land , has just returned to England after fighting in the Holy Crusades , where King Richard the Lionheart is also fighting .
Robin finds that much of what he knew of England has gone to ruin , including his longtime family home having been taken away , all at the hands of the evil Prince John , Richard 's brother who has assumed the throne in Richard 's absence .
Neurotic
John is basically being controlled by the equally evil Sheriff of Rottingham , everything they do to fatten their own coffers at the expense of the commoners and peasants .
As such , Robin recruits a band of merry men to help him battle Prince John and the Sheriff , they , who include : Blinkin , his blind longtime servant ; Ahchoo , the misguided son of Asneeze , the man who helped him escape from prison while fighting in the Crusades ; Little John , who seems to think that being called Little is only coincidental to the fact of he being a hulking man ; and Little John 's friend , ... Written by Huggo
What 's new in Ubuntu / Kubuntu 9.04 RC ?
There is also good news for Wacom tablet users , as these devices will be automatically recognized and enabled .
However , the configuration for button mapping is n't supported at the moment ( it can be set only manually if the user adds an fdi file in / etc / ha / fdi/ policy ) .
The kernel packages were updated to version 2.6.28-11.14 , based on Linux kernel 2.6.28.9 .
On the other hand , Kubuntu 9.04 RC ( Jaunty Jackalope ) is built on top of the KDE 4.2.2 desktop environment .
See you again on April 23rd for the final release of the Ubuntu 9.04 ( Jaunty Jackalope ) when we will showcase , once again , all its new features !
Ubuntu 9.04 , or , should I say , " The Jackalope , " will be the tenth release of the Ubuntu operating system .
Here 's the release schedule for Jaunty Jackalope :
November 22 , 2008 - Alpha 1 release
December 19 , 2008 - Alpha 2 release
January 16 , 2009 - Alpha 3 release
February 5 , 2009 - Alpha 4 release
February 26 , 2009 - Alpha 5 release
March 12 , 2009 - Alpha 6 release
March 26 , 2009 - Beta release
April 16 , 2009 - Release Candidate
April 23 , 2009 - Final release of Ubuntu 9.04
[via
There is also good news forusers , as these devices will be automatically recognized and enabled .
However , the configuration for button mapping is n't supported at the moment ( it can be set only manually if the user adds an fdi file in / etc / ha / fdi/ policy ) .
The kernel packages were updated to version 2.6.28-11.14 , based on On the other hand , Kubuntu 9.04 RC ( Jaunty Jackalope ) is built on top of thedesktop environment .
See you again on April 23rd for the final release of the Ubuntu 9.04 ( Jaunty Jackalope ) when we will showcase , once again , all its new features !
Ubuntu 9.04 , or , should I say , " The Jackalope , " will be the tenth release of the Ubuntu operating system .
Here 's the release schedule for Jaunty Jackalope : April 23 , 2009 - Final release of Ubuntu 9.04[via softpedia.com
The Release Candidate version of the upcoming Ubuntu 9.04 ( codename Jaunty Jackalope ) was uploaded a few minutes ago on the official mirrors .
As usual , we 've downloaded a copy of it in order to keep you up to date with the latest changes in the Ubuntu 9.04 development .
Well , not much has changed since the Beta release , only various software updates and many bugfixes .
We also decided not to publish any more screenshots , as nothing has changed on the artwork part , and you already know from previous screenshot tours how Ubuntu 9.04 will look .
This Release Candidate has the brand newdesktop environment , which brings lots of fixes and a few improvements .
About Us
The National Center for Home Food Preservation is your source for current research - based recommendations for most methods of home food preservation .
The Center was established with funding from the Cooperative State Research , Education and Extension Service , U.S. Department of Agriculture ( CSREES - USDA ) to address food safety concerns for those who practice and teach home food preservation and processing methods .
Read More
We offer you free lesson plans for teaching youth how to preserve at home in Put it Up !
We ’ve updated the curriculum with new illustrations and other minor improvements , which are now available to download and print from the Put It Up ! curriculum page .
There you can also access the new teaching tools : legal - size “ posters ” with step - by - step checklists .
What 's New
Preserve
It & Serve It : A Children 's Guide to Canning , Freezing , Drying , Pickling and Preparing Snacks with preserved Foods .
This 47 - page book teaches the basics of preserving with boiling water canning , freezing , refrigerating , quick pickling and drying .
Step - by - step methods are illustrated and several child - friendly recipes are provided for using each of the preserved foods .
Activities are intended to be carried out with adult supervision and help .
Preserved foods include canned applesauce , canned strawberry jam , refrigerator or canned pickles , frozen berries , and dried fruit , tomato slices and applesauce rolled leather .
Available for sale at the UGA Extension Publication Store .
Seasonal Hot Topics
Freezing is a great way to preserve the freshness of summertime produce .
Using the right packaging materials and methods makes a difference in the quality of your frozen foods .
Pickled products are very popular meal and snack additions .
You can pickle vegetables as well as fruits , and make relishes and salsas that fall into this category .
Be sure if you canning any of these , you use tested recipes to be safe with the process method and times recommended .
There are many different methods available for canning tomatoes and tomato products .
The processes are meant to be used with the preparation procedures described with each one .
There is not just one process for canning all tomato products .
Recorded Webinar Available
Having trouble watching this video ?
Use VLC Media Player to view it .
So Easy To Preserve
The University of Georgia Cooperative Extension has now published a 6th edition of its popular book , So Easy To Preserve .
The book is new as of September 2014 .
Chapters include Preserving Food , Canning , Pickled Products , Sweet Spreads and Syrups , Freezing and Drying .
Ordering information is available on the So Easy to Preserve website .
Our self - paced , online course for those wanting to learn more about home canning and preservation is temporarily unavailable while it is converted to another platform .
This may take several months ; we are sorry for the inconvenience .
The same information can be learned by reading through Guides 1 through 4 of the USDA Complete Guide to Home Canning , or this section of our website : How Do I .... Can
Hosted by The University of Georgia | College of Family and Consumer Sciences
Edge magazine has sent out an amazing bonus to current subscribers – a specially - commissioned pixel art poster crammed with videogame references .
The artist was Gary “ armyoftrolls ” Lucken .
And boy does he do great work .
I ’ve just spent my lunchtime creating a “ grid reference ” version , so we can solve the mysteries together .
Download link appears below .
The poster jpeg is a bit “ low res ” – but if you download it , then zoom in ( using an image viewer ) you should be able to identify most of the characters / machines / levels in the picture ..
Here ’s a few , to get you started …
N - 17 = Link from Legend of Zelda
E - 16 = Player ’s army from Syndicate
] - 06 = Undead from Ghosts n Goblins
[ - 24 = Bub n Bob from Bubble Symphony / Bubble Bobble
Please add your finds ( including grid references ) in the comments !
Original story found @ Offworld .
UPDATE : If you feel like giving this a bit of “ Digg - loving ” or Reddit - loving that would be great .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Email
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
President Barack Obama ’s nominee to fill a Supreme Court vacancy has yet another tie to Connecticut .
She sided against a student in the infamous “ douche bag ” case , and that has upset some free - speech advocates .
Judge Sonia Sotomayor sat on a panel that ruled against an appeal in Doninger v. Niehoff .
The case was argued on March 4 , 2008 and decided on May 29 , 2008 .
Avery Doninger was disqualified from running for school government at Lewis S. Mills High School in Burlington after she posted something on her blog , referring to the superintendent and other officials as " douche bags " because they canceled a battle of the bands she had helped to organize .
The case went to court and in March 2008 , Sotomayor was on a panel that heard Doninger ’s mother ’s appeal alleging her daughter ’s free speech and other rights were violated .
Her mother wanted to prevent the school from barring her daughter from running .
Sotomayor joined two other judges from the 2nd Circuit in ruling that the student ’s off - campus blog remarks created a “ foreseeable risk of substantial disruption ” at the student ’s high school and that the teenager was not entitled to a preliminary injunction reversing a disciplinary action against her , Education Week reports .
In their opinion , the judges said they were “ sympathetic " to her disappointment at being disqualified from running for Senior Class Secretary and acknowledged her belief that in this case , “ the punishment did not fit the crime . ”
However , the judges decided they were not called upon to determine if school officials acted wisely .
“ As the Supreme Court cautioned years ago , “ [t ] he system of public education that has evolved in this Nation relies necessarily upon the discretion and judgment of school administrators and school board members , ” and we are not authorized to intervene absent “ violations of specific constitutional guarantees . ”
The ruling in this case has come under heavy criticism from some civil libertarians .
Some say this case presents a solid rationale for rejecting Judge Sonia Sotomayor of New York ’s Second Circuit Court of Appeals to fill the seat of retiring Justice David Souter .
“ The continual expansion of the authority of school officials over student speech teaches a foul lesson to these future citizens , ” Jonathan Turley , a law professor at George Washington University , told the New Britain Herald .
“ I would prefer some obnoxious speech [ rather ] than teaching students that they must please government officials if they want special benefits or opportunities . ”
Almost two years after the Doninger case , the state legislature tackled a bill dealing with the overarching issue of free speech for students .
Watch the video here .
KABUL , Afghanistan 
The new American commander in Afghanistan said he would sharply restrict the use of airstrikes here , in an effort to reduce the civilian deaths that he said were undermining the American - led mission .
In interviews over the past few days , the commander , Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal , said the use of airstrikes during firefights would in most cases be allowed only to prevent American and other coalition troops from being overrun .
Even in the cases of active firefights with Taliban forces , he said , airstrikes will be limited if the combat is taking place in populated areas  the very circumstances in which most Afghan civilian deaths have occurred .
The restrictions will be especially tight in attacking houses and compounds where insurgents are believed to have taken cover .
“ Air power contains the seeds of our own destruction if we do not use it responsibly , ” General McChrystal told a group of his senior officers during a video conference last week .
“ We can lose this fight . ”
As Israel continues to proclaim its readiness to launch a military attack on Iran should American diplomacy fail to stop Tehran ’s drive for nuclear capabilities , an increasing number of analysts and some political leaders are publicly questioning Jerusalem ’s confident portrayal of its chance for military success .
Image by Liz Lynch Cordesman : Former McCain adviser co-authored report .
Their concerns , based on sober analyses of Israel ’s known capacities and the scope of the challenge it would face , are crystallized in a recent 114 - page paper by Anthony Cordesman and Abdullah Toukan , senior scholars at Washington ’s Center for Strategic & International Studies .
They have produced what is regarded as the most detailed public study thus far of the challenges Israel would face .
Their conclusion : Chances of a strong success — defined by how much of Iran ’s uranium enrichment program is destroyed or the number of years the attack delays Iran ’s acquisition of material sufficient to build a nuclear bomb — seem dubious , while the risks of the undertaking and its harsh military and destabilizing geopolitical consequences seem overwhelming .
“ The number of aircraft required , refueling along the way and getting to the targets without being detected or intercepted , would be complex and high risk , and would lack any assurances that the overall mission will have a high success rate , ” the authors write of Israel ’s military prospect .
Cordesman — a former national security adviser to Republican Senator John McCain of Arizona — is considered among the leading analysts on the Middle East and American military and strategic policy .
Toukan was an adviser to the late King Hussein of Jordan .
In Israel , growing fear of a nuclear Iran , stoked by escalating rhetoric in Tehran and Jerusalem , has moved half of all Israelis to support an immediate Israeli strike against Iran , without waiting for the United States to complete its attempt at diplomatic engagement , according to a recent poll by Tel Aviv University ’s Center for Iranian Studies .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , a longtime proponent of a viable Israeli military option against Iran , has been a prime figure in both reflecting and reinforcing his constituents ’ eagerness to act .
As recently as May 26 , in a meeting with members of his Likud Party , Netanyahu said , referring to Iran , “ My job is first and foremost to ensure the future of the state of Israel … the leadership ’s job is to eliminate the danger .
Who will eliminate it ?
It is us or no one . ”
Cordesman and Toukan wade deep into the weeds of how this would be done .
They warn that limited aerial resources would force Israel to limit itself to attacks on just three key sites among Iran ’s numerous nuclear development centers .
And the bombings themselves would require a demanding and repeated pinpoint accuracy to penetrate thick reinforced concrete and deep underground facilities protected by substantial Iranian air defenses .
Their March 14 study notes that these defenses may include a deadly , ultra - sophisticated Russian anti-aircraft system that could down 20 % to 30 % of Israel ’s attack aircraft — “ a loss Israel would hardly accept in paying . ”
They note reports that Russia has secretly supplied Iran with this system , the SA - 12 Gladiator / Giant .
Also , even a successful Israeli attack on these three sites could prove futile , they warn , if Iran maintains secret facilities for uranium enrichment , as some suspect .
Meanwhile , in the event of an attack , Iran and its Shi’ite allies in neighboring countries would launch retaliatory attacks against Israel , American military forces in Iraq , and Western interests regionwide , Cordesman and Toukan suggest .
They predict that these attacks would include ballistic missiles — including some with chemical , biological and radiological warheads — targeting “ Tel - Aviv , Israeli military and civilian centers and Israeli suspected nuclear weapons sites . ”
Israel ’s air defenses would not be adequate to counter the tens of thousands of missiles likely , they add .
Also , contrary to Israeli claims of tacit Arab support for an Israeli strike against Iran , “ Arab countries will not condone any attack on Iran under the pretext that Iran poses an existential threat to Israel , whilst Israel has some 200 to 300 nuclear weapons , ” they write .
An Israeli attack , therefore , “ will also harm for a very long period of time relations between the U.S. and its close regional allies , ” they claim .
Such a heavy military and strategic price , weighed against the real possibility that an Israeli strike will not significantly set back Iran ’s nuclear abilities , make an Israeli attack unlikely , many who have examined the issue say .
Indeed , as he neared the end of his time in office last year , Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert argued — in contradiction to the public stance he took during his tenure — that Israel had “ lost its sense of proportion ” when claiming that it could deal militarily with Iran ’s nuclear threat .
“ Let ’s be more modest , and act within the bounds of our realistic capabilities , ” Olmert said .
His successor has had no hint of such second thoughts .
Underlying Netanyahu ’s cost / benefit assessment is his view that Iran ’s leaders are “ a messianic apocalyptic cult ” who will not be deterred by Israel ’s own nuclear weapons capability .
“ When the wide - eyed believer gets hold of the reins of power and the weapons of mass death , then the entire world should start worrying , and that is what is happening in Iran , ” he told the Atlantic ’s Jeffrey Goldberg in May .
In contrast , Cordesman and Toukan present an Iran that is a rational , if hostile , state , with concrete geopolitical rationales , justified or not , for its perceptions of its nuclear needs .
These include “ unfriendly neighbors surrounding them , including nuclear tipped Pakistan ” just to Iran ’s east ; the “ grave threat to its security ” that Iran sees in America ’s occupation of Iraq immediately to its west and the presence of the U.S. Fifth Fleet in the Persian Gulf waters lapping its south .
This is seen in the context of what was , until recently , America ’s declared policy of “ regime change , ” they note .
Finally , say Cordesman and Toukan , Iran ’s fear of “ Israeli intentions to destabilize Iran and attack its nuclear facilities , ” drive it to develop its capabilities all the more .
Michael Eisenstadt , director of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy ’s Military and Security Studies Program , said that in the short term , an Israeli attack could create a delay in Iran ’s nuclear program .
But he warned of the Israeli school of thought that is based on the 1981 attack on Iraq ’s nuclear reactor , an attack that , it turned out , put an end to Iraq ’s nuclear aspirations .
Eisenstadt , who co-authored a June 2008 monograph on this issue with Patrick Clawson , explained that an Israeli operation could not be a one - time strike : “ Once you attack once , you are committed to a long - term policy of prevention that will go on for years . ”
He also cautioned that if Iran obtains a bomb despite Israel ’s harsh warnings , or even after an Israeli attack , it will have a negative impact on Israel ’s future military deterrence .
Reuel Marc Gerecht of the neoconservative - oriented Foundation for the Defense of Democracies , on the other hand , believes there is no difference between bombing Iran ’s nuclear sites and the operations Israel took against similar facilities in Iraq and in Syria .
In both cases , he argues , Israel had no assurance that the airstrikes would put an end to the country ’s nuclear aspirations , but it still went ahead and launched an attack .
No one has been stronger in rejecting this view than Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak .
“ There is no comparison , ” he told the Israeli daily Haaretz in late May .
“ In the Iraqi case , there was one target that existed and was working , and a surgical strike eliminated it ….
Here we are up against something far more complex , sophisticated and extensive .
The Iranians do n’t play backgammon , they play chess , and in fact they invented the game . ”
Tellingly , Barak sought to play down the idea promoted by other Israeli leaders , including Netanyahu , that Iran ’s overriding motivation in its nuclear drive was an apocalyptic fixation on Israel .
“ The Iranian nation is a collection of people held together by an identity that includes the perception of being an empire from the dawn of history , ” he said .
“ Part of their nuclear pretensions have nothing to do with Israel , but with their place in the world and the Orient . ”
Voicing a faith in the deterrent capability of Israel ’s own nuclear arsenal against Iran that is rarely heard from Israeli leaders , he said , “ There is no one who will dare try to destroy Israel . ”
Barak ’s sharp warning could be seen as an attempt to bridge the current radical disconnect between Israeli public opinion and emergent expert assessments .
In a review of Cordesman and Toukan ’s study , Haaretz military correspondent Reuven Pedatzur warned , “ It is time to stop waving around the scarecrow of an existential threat and refrain from making belligerent statements . ”
Israel ’s confident declarations about its ability to reach and attack Iran and “ empty promises ” about its ability to repel a downpour of missile retaliation “ not only do not help bolster Israel ’s power of deterrence , but actually undermine the process of building it and making it credible in Iranian eyes , ” he said .
Instead , Israel must prepare for the coming day of a hostile Iran ’s nuclear capability .
“ The key , of course , is deterrence .
Only a clear and credible signal to the Iranians , indicating the terrible price they will pay for attempting a nuclear strike against Israel , will prevent them from using their missiles . ”
Contact Nathan Guttman at guttman@forward.com .
Contact Larry Cohler - Esses at cohleresses@forward.com .
VR ( Virtual Reality ) やAR ( Augmented Reality : 拡張現実感。強化現実感や複合現実感といった言い方もある)を題材に、創意工夫と冗談技術と「作ってみた」精神の発表会「コンピュータビジョン・拡張現実感に関する普通じゃない勉強会2.0」が、20日(土)に明治大学生田校舎にて開催された。オープニング&スペシャルトークセッション「R2:Real×Reality」を中心に、9つのテーマセッションと4つのテクニカルセッションが行なわれる、丸一日に及ぶ規模の大きな発表会である。目の付け所が非常に個性的で、技術力などに感心させられると同時に、趣味丸出し(笑)のプレゼンも多く、なかなか笑える内容となった。オープニング&スペシャルトークセッション「R2:Real×Reality」を中心にその模様をお届けする。
● 「コンピュータビジョン・拡張現実感に関する普通じゃない勉強会」とは?
同勉強会の幹事を務めるのは、主にC言語でのプログラミングを主軸に、拡張現実感や音声認識、画像処理など、さまざまなテーマを工学系大学生や高専生などをメインターゲットに情報発信しているサイト「工学ナビ」を運営する、独立行政法人科学技術振興機構のERATO(戦略的創造研究推進事業)・五十嵐デザインインタフェースプロジェクト研究員の橋本直(はしもと・すなお)氏。同分野においては、「3Dキャラクターが現実世界に誕生!
ARToolKit拡張現実感プログラミング入門」(アスキー・メディアワークス)の著者として知られる人物だ。橋本氏は、この勉強会を、「プロ・アマ問わずに、みんなで楽しくネタ発表や技術談義を行なえる場を作ろう!」として、昨年夏に第1回を開催した。ARの学術的なポジションにいる研究者や専門家と、実際に自分の手で作って動画サイトに投稿している趣味の領域のアマチュアたちを結びつけようという試みである。
今回のテーマは 、「 VR→AR→?R」。2007年頃からARToolKitを使用したアマチュアのAR関連作品が、動画サイトなどに多数が投稿されて人気を博したのだが、単純にマーカの上にCGを表示させるだけのスタイルはほぼ出尽くした感じで、飽きつつあるという状況。そろそろその次をということから、発表者に自分なりの「?R」をプレゼンしてもらい、みんなで次を探そう・作ろうというわけである。テーマセッションでは、この「?」に何らかのアルファベットを入れた形で、実際に作成したり開発中だったりする機器やプログラム、またはコンセプトなど9つが発表された。また今回は、テクニカルセッションが設けられた点も新しく、これは、これからARをやってみたいという人たちのために、実践的な技術ノウハウを披露するというもので、4つの発表があった。テーマセッションにしろテクニカルセッションにしろ、どの発表者も「なければ自分で作ってしまおう」という、得意分野はそれぞれ異なるが技術と知識を持ったハッカー魂あふれる人たちばかりで、取材していて実に面白かった。
ちなみに、今回も当初は比較的小さめの部屋で、数十人規模の参加者を想定していたそうだが(第1回は50人弱)、あれよあれよという間に参加者が増え、最終的には200名強に。第2校舎の5階にある2005号室という、プレゼン用スクリーンが2つある、非常に大きな講義室が利用された。
● オープニング&スペシャルトークセッショ ン
まずは、オープニング&スペシャルトークセッションの「R2:Real×Reality」からスタート。オーガナイザを橋本氏と、大学で助教を勤めた経験もあり、現在は橋本氏の同僚である福地健太郎氏が担当してスタートした。次の?Rを発表してもらう前に、まずはリアル(現実) とは何か?
リアリティ( 現実感 ) とは何か?
ということを確認しておこうということである。そこで登壇したのが、事前には伏せられていた、スペシャルゲストの2人。慶應義塾大学大学院メディアデザイン研究科教授の稲見昌彦氏と、メディア・アーティストの八谷和彦氏だ。
稲見氏は 、SFアニメ「攻殻機動隊」に出てくる技術の1つである、「熱光学迷彩」の研究者として紹介されることが多い人物。実際には、劇中の熱光学迷彩とは異なり、AR技術の一種であり、ある特定の角度から見た場合に限って背後の景色が透けているように見せることもできるというもの。とはいえ、記者も以前に取材させてもらった経験があるのだが、本当に透き通ったように見える(劇中のように、ほぼ完全に透明というのはさすがに無理で、半透明というぐらい)。本来は、車内のウィンドウ以外の部分などに、その技術を使用して外部の映像をウィンドウ越しに見える実視域と寸分のズレもなく投影し、まるでクルマのドアやダッシュボードなどが透き通ったかのようにし、死角をなくして安全性を高めるという使用などを想定。こうしたARに関するシステム全般を研究しているほか、触覚インターフェイスや感覚ハックなど、五感に関わる新しいユーザーインターフェイスを研究していることで国内外に知られている。
も う1人のゲストの八谷和彦氏は、メールソフトとして一時代を築いた「ポストペット」の開発者として知られる人物だ。現在、同ソフト関連のソフトウェア開発とディレクションを行なう企業「ペットワークス」の代表であると同時に、メディア・アーティスト、デバイス・アーティストとして活躍中だ。作品としては、「視聴覚交換マシン」やジェットエンジン付きスケートボード「エアボード」など。宮崎駿監督作品の「風の谷のナウシカ」に出てくる個人用の飛行システム「メーヴェ」の実機を作ろうというプロジェクト「オープンスカイ」なども手がけている。
スペシャルトークは、まずは稲見氏の特別講義からスタート。蛇足かも知れないが、まず簡単にVRとARの違いを説明しておくと、VRは完全にCGで表現された、仮想現実(感)を示す。それに対し、ARは現実を拡張するということから、実視映像にCGを加えて、よりその場の状況を把握しやすくするといった形だ。例えば、目標とする物体や建物までの距離や方位、施設内や地下など直視できない場所の人や物体の位置やデータなどを表示したり、肉眼では見られない各種電磁波、磁場、音場などをCGで表現したりといった具合である。マンガ「ドラゴンボール」の中で、サイヤ人が使用しているヘッドマウントディスプレイの「スカウター」もAR機器の一種としてよく例に出されるし、近年だとSFアニメ「電脳コイル」の「電脳メガネ」もAR機器として有名である。何はともあれ、肉眼では把握しにくいものを、各種センサーでとらえ、それを数値やCGで実視映像に重ね合わせて表示することで、周囲の状況や目標物の情報などをよりわかりやすくする技術のことを、ARと呼んでいるわけだ。広い意味ではVR技術の一種であるが、近年、CGオンリーのVRはどこまでいっても現実には近づけないという限界や、用途が限定されてきている実情があり、現実をより便利にできる利便性の高いARにシフトしてきている。
特別講義は、お笑いタレントの爆笑問題の2人が、稲見教授を訪れたテレビ番組の1シーンからスタート。さらに、AR(VRのでもある)の元祖といわれるヘッドマウントディスプレイ型の3次元ディスプレイシステム「
See-Through HMD 」( 1968年製)とそれを開発した米ユタ大のイヴァン・サザーランド氏が紹介され、続いて稲見氏自身が最初に開発した1998年製の初代「 Head-Mounted Projector 」 ( HMP ) から最新 の「 HMP-V」( 慶應大学館研究室)
まで、次々と紹介されていく。ちなみに、初代HMPは重さが5kgもあったそうだ。また、ARという言葉は、10年ぐらい前、世紀の変わり目の頃から使われ出したということである。
そのあと、稲見氏がまず話し出したのは、ARのマスコミでの紹介において、「拡張現実」と表現されることが多いが、それには違和感を覚えるということ。拡張現実感と、「感」をつけることが正しいとした。なぜなら、リアルとは物理世界のことであり、リアリティとは我々が感じている現実のことだからである。よって、ARはあくまでも我々の脳が感じて初めて認識できる、拡張された現実感であると指摘した。ただ、リアルに表現したからといって、必ずしも人がリアルに感じるわけではないという話も。つまり、ウソの表現の方が、人はリアリティを感じるというわけだ。
講義が終わったあとは、ウソの表現にリアリティを感じるという、「本物よりも本物らしい」という話からまずはスタート。今度は八谷氏がマイクを持ち、ポストペットのリアルさは、単純に3DCGだからというものではなく、メールの到達速度など、そのほかの要素に寄るところが大きいという話や、幽霊は現実の存在ではないのに(実際にいる・いないは別として)、リアリティ(現実感)だけはなぜかあるといった話がなされた(八谷氏は幽霊、UFOは信じないとのこと)。八谷氏は、リアリティは脳の中で作られているものだから、それがリアルに存在するかどうかは関係ないという。ちなみに、リアル・メーヴェの開発に関しては、先に劇中でのメーヴェの飛行シーンを多くの人が観ていて既に空を飛ぶリアリティを感じているので、逆にそこからリアルを作ればいいという逆の発想から作っているそうである。
また、 「人魚の窓」という作品を作った経験から、そこに本当にいるのに我々には見えていないだけ、というものを扱うのが、ARで一番面白いスタイルなのではないかとも語った。人魚の窓は、一見すると何も映らない窓のようなモニタ(実際には映像が流されているのだが、ノイズを利用して人間の目には見えないようにしている)なのだが、間接的にもう1枚の鑑に映してみると、窓の中に17歳の女の子が演じた人魚が見えるという具合。八谷氏自身はかわいらしいイメージで作ったそうだが、本気で怖がられる(肉眼で見えないのに、鏡に反射させた時だけ女の子が現れ、しかも目が合うというのが、かなりリアリティのある幽霊っぽい)のが欠点、としていた。そのほか、2人1組で利用する視覚交換マシンも紹介された。視覚と聴覚が相手のものに入れ替わってしまうというもので、「キスすると面白いんです。自分の顔が迫ってきますので(笑)」。このキスはアンケートによると、体験していない人には想像できないほど結構感動的らしい。ちなみに、男女間で利用すれば、キス以上の行為(笑)でもちゃんと使えるように作っているそうである。
続いては、稲見氏の作品に戻って、触覚系インターフェイスが紹介された。グラスの中で、水の下に沈んでいる油の表面を触ってみるデバイスや、メスの先端にセンサーを備えさせることで、黄身を一切傷つけずにゆでたまごの白身だけを切り開いたりするデバイスも。さらに、会場中にアブないと衝撃を与えたのが、大阪大学の研究者など4名で共同研究している「平衡感覚のAR」という実験。ここで使われたシステムは、まず被験者の両耳の後ろの辺りにそれぞれ電気パッドをくっつけ、電気を流すというもの。この位置に流すと、人は重力感覚が狂って、歩いていると電気が流れている側に身体がフラフラと傾いていってしまうのである。まさに「人間コントローラー」とでもいうべき、驚異の感覚ハック系デバイスである。記者は以前、別の媒体でこれらの取材経験があるのだが、平衡感覚のARに関しては悪用されると非常に怖いという気持ちを抱いた。会場も、ブラックなゆえに笑ってしまうという雰囲気。まさに鉄人28号ではないが、「技術は使う人次第」というわけだ。
ちなみに八谷氏は、聴覚や重力感覚は意外と簡単にハックできるという。かつて行なわれた「ガンダム展」において、たまたま稲見氏の人間コントローラーと同じ原理のシステムを「サイコ・コミュニケーター」と称して、2人1組で体験してもらったそうである。1人の目の動きをとらえ、もう1人を左右に操るというもので、2人の間にサイコミュが働いていると思えるような仕組みである。八谷氏は「フラナガン・エージェンシー」のニュータイプテクノロジーラボ、通称NTTラボ(笑)の研究者という設定で、その通りに刺繍を施した白衣を着て(笑)、ジオン公国内で民間人からニュータイプを選抜する試験を行なっているという見立てで来場者に体験してもらったそうだ。
その後、福地氏が非常に感動したという、ARToolKitを利用した、ハンドガン型の距離センサーのAR映像が紹介された。停滞感があったが、まだまだARToolKitを利用したAR映像は作れるとして、福地氏だけでなく、稲見氏も製作者の指名手配(笑)をかけたほどだそうで、実は稲見氏の知り合いということだったらしい。それから、ARデバイスと映像を作るためのソフトやハードの一覧も紹介された。解説書なども揃ってきており、初心者でも参入しやすい状況になってきているそうである。そのリストを下記にまとめておくので、興味を持った人は、ぜひ挑戦してみてほしい。
【ソフトウェア系 】
OpenCV:画像処理ライブラリ
ARToolKit、ARTag:マーカ方式AR
PTAM :マーカレスAR
Processing : メディアアート開発環境
Bullet : 物理エンジン
【ハードウェア系 】
Arduino 、Gainer : 初心者でも簡単に扱えるマイコン
● シークレットゲストが登場 ! 「 電脳メガネ」の……
また、事前登録の際に実施された参加者アンケートも発表され、学生が大半を占めるかと思われたら、意外と社会人も多く、福地氏は「俺もやってていいんだ(笑)」と元気づけられたという。そして、面白かったアンケートが、「『電脳コイル』の世界が実現するまでにあと何年?」というもの。『電脳コイル』とは、2007年5月から12月までNHK教育テレビにて全26話が放送された作品だ。第13回アニメーション神戸賞「個人賞」に始まり、東京国際アニメフェア2008
第7回東京アニメアワード「テレビ部門優秀賞」、平成19年度第11回文化庁メディア芸術祭「アニメーション部門優秀賞」、第47回日本SF大会第39回星雲賞「メディア部門」、第29回日本SF大賞などを受賞した、非常に評価の高い作品である。2020年代の子供たちの日常生活を描いており、SFでありながら現在と変わらない雰囲気が好評を得た理由のようだ。子供たちの必須アイテム「電脳メガネ」(今のニンテンドーDSやPSPなどが目じゃないぐらい、持っていないと話にならないぐらい大流行している)
がARデバイス(正確にはウェアラブルコンピュータ)ということで、アンケートでピックアップされたようだ。アンケートは「10年後」がダントツに多い結果となっている。
そして福地氏が突然、 「この数値を見て、磯監督、どう思われますか?」と最前列の予約席に座っていた人物にマイクを向けると、なんとそこには「電脳メガネ」の原作者兼監督の磯光雄氏の姿が!
記者ですら事前に知らされていなかったシークレットの中のシークレットゲストだったため、会場も最初は冗談かと思っていたほど。しかし、本人とわかって拍手喝采となった。電脳メガネが出回ったのは、主人公の小学校6年生の少女・小此木優子(ヤサコ)が生まれた2014年だという。ちなみに、劇中の時代は正確には2026年というわけである。電脳メガネ発売まで、あと10年もない。任天堂やSCEが、DSやPSPの後継の次々世代型携帯(ウェアラブル)ゲーム機として発売するのはありなのではないかと思うのだが、いかがだろうか。
なお、磯監督によれば、作品で語られていない設定がやたらと細かくまとめられているそうで、もともとは国土交通省が走行中の自動車の車種などのデータを通信で取得することなどを目的に開発したシステムが、インフラとして整備されているということで、電脳メガネはそれを足がかりにしているらしい。国家プロジェクトにぶら下がる形で安価に提供しているのだそうだ。磯監督は、「今はそんなシステムはないので、ぜひ皆さんにがんばってもらって、2014年に誰かが『できました』とぜひ持ってきてもらって(笑)。信じていますので、がんばってください」とした。ちなみに磯監督は、実際に実現するまでに何年かかるかというところは、「2014年なので、あと5年じゃないですか(笑)。待ってますんで」とコメント。そこで時間となり、スペシャルトークセッションは惜しまれつつも終了となった。
● テーマセッション は9つ、テクニカルセッションは4つのプレゼンを実施
スペシャルトークセッション終了で1回休憩を挟み、続いてはテーマセッションがスタート。この日は、テーマとテクニカルの両セッションと合わせて14のプレゼンが行なわれたが、1つ1つの詳細なフォローはスペース的に厳しいため、中でも面白かった2点をまず紹介させていただく。残りの12のプレゼンについては、概要紹介にとどめさせていただいた。発表者自身やプロジェクトのホームページがある場合は、そちらへのリンクも張ったので、興味のある方はぜひ訪ねてみてほしい。テーマセッションとテクニカルセッションのタイトルは以下の通り。カッコ内は発表者名だ。
【テーマセッション 】
・ WIMPAR :実世界でGUI を使いたい( aimino氏 )
・ SR:2次元に入ってみ た( chakki氏 )
・ AR:全周囲裸眼立体ディスプレイを用いた2Dループゲームの提案(吉田匠氏)
・ PR:拡張現実戦争－見えざる星の海、東京へ(akio0911氏)
・ JR:モバイルデバイスを空間にしてしまおう(niryuu氏 )
・XR : AR Cooking 素材の組み合わせは∞ ( 無限大 ) ?( 大江貴志氏 )
・πR:盛り上がるディスプレイ「photoelasticTouch」(佐藤俊樹氏、福地健太郎氏)
・S/N- R ToolKit: ARを用いた身体感覚改造レッスン－いつか出会う「あっち」の世界の嫁のために－(津坂真有さん)
・ ∀R:生と死を超えるリアリティ(宮下芳明氏)
【テクニカルセッション】
・ SpaceNavigator をGLUT に( まお氏 )
・多数のセンサ、クリエーターと技術者を結ぶオープンソースプロジェクトKAKEHASHI(ksasao氏)
・touchBox : マルチタッチできる箱を作ってみた( arc@dmz )
・ OpenCVをさらに簡単にするライブラリ～車輪の再発明に終止符なるか～(橋本直氏)
● 最も会場を沸かしたのは 「 πR:盛り上がるディスプレイ『photoelasticTouch』」
それでは、最も面白かった発表から紹介しよう。とにかく会場が沸きまくったのが、佐藤俊樹氏と、スペシャルトークセッションでモデレータを務めた福地氏による7番目のプレゼン「πR:盛り上がるディスプレイ『photoelasticTouch(フォトエラスティックタッチ)』」だ。その発表までに、人類の宿願(?)ということで、どうにかして2次元世界に入り込みたいという思いを結晶させた技術が2点ほど紹介されたのだが、福地氏曰く「志が低い!」。自身の発表はその逆で、2次元の住人を3次元世界に引っ張り出そうという偉大な(笑)コンセプトだ。
それをどう実現するかというと、東急ハンズなどで売られている透明ゲルを利用した柔らかなインターフェイスが重要となる。これにより、平面的で硬い(モニタ上の)映像を柔らかく立体的にするのである。原理としては、ゲル状なので、触れば当然形状が変化し、下のモニタからの光も影響を受ける。通常ならゲルを透過してきた光は、カメラの前に偏向フィルタを設けることでシャットアウトが可能。ただし、形状が変化した部分を通り抜けてきた光はフィルタを透過するので、それをカメラでとらえることで、変形した領域の様子から、位置、形状、触った強さ、押した方向などがわかるというわけである。
ポイントは、マーカレスで認識可能なのでモニタの映像を妨げないし、素材そのままなのでどのような形状にも加工が容易という点だが、やはり最大の魅力(?)は、その柔らかさで、人肌に近く、触って気持ちいいということだろう(笑)。モニタ上の2次元の嫁(笑)の映像上に、体型に合わせたゲルで作成したphotoelasticTouchを貼り付けることで、見事3次元世界に引っ張り出すことに成功というわけだ。なお、フォトエ「ロ」スティックタッチ(笑)ではないので、間違いないように、と佐藤氏。
ちなみに後半は、 「 ご家庭での調理の仕方」として、ゼラチンを使用した透明ゲルの作成法を披露。エプロンをつけた福地氏が、キューピー3分間クッキングのテーマとともに後を引き継ぎ、レシピを公開、実際に調理して見せた。レシピは、粉ゼラチン15g、熱湯180cc、水適量、サラダ油少々。粉ゼラチンを水でふやかしておき、熱湯を注いでよく混ぜる。ダマにならないようにするのが注意点だ。そして型に薄く油を引き、溶かしたゼラチンを嫁の体型の型(それを作るのがまた大変そうだが)に流し込めば、インターフェイスの完成!
● まずはイメージから !
「 PR:拡張現実戦争－見えざる星の海、東京へ」
4番目に発表された「PR:拡張現実戦争－見えざる星の海、東京へ」も、なかなか会場を沸かせていた。また、プレゼンを行なったakio0911氏は、この日のベストドレッサー賞(?)ともいうべきコスプレスタイルで登場。黒のフードを頭からすっぽり被り、表情はほとんどうかがえないという、見事な「謎の人物」ぶりだ。それにより、某6部構成(後半の4～6作目が先に作られた)のハリウッドの大作SF映画の熱烈なファンということが即刻発覚した。ちなみに、なんでまたコスプレまでしてきたかというと、まずはイメージが大事だからだそうである。
akio0911氏は 、Hacker's Cafeというグループに所属するのだが、今回はそこで開発が進められているARを利用したコンテンツが紹介された。都内全域を仮想的な銀河連邦に見立てた、「拡張現実版宇宙戦争ゲーム」である。根底に、「街中で宇宙戦争をしたい!
都庁や東京タワーなどを破壊したい!」という熱い(?)思いがあるようで、イメージとしては、秋葉原や新宿など23区の上空を宇宙戦艦や戦闘機などが飛び、都庁や東京タワーなどを破壊する様子をARで表現するという。また、本作はあくまでも同人のARソーシャル(ネットワーク)ゲームであり、技術的・設定的な整合性は捨てて、「面白ければいいじゃない!!」という心意気で制作していくとした。ユーザー端末として、iphone 3G Sが使用され、ゲームルールは1ゲーム24時間で、ゲーム終了時のポイントで競う仕組みである。街中のデジタルサイネージなども考えられており、参加ユーザー以外でも戦況を確認できるようなWebサイトやブログなども用意するという。部屋に引きこもりがちな現在のネットゲームとは異なり、外に出て楽しめる仕組みも面白いのではないだろうか。
● そのほ か7 つのテーマセッション
続いては、残り7つのテーマセッションの概要を紹介。まずは、aimino氏の「 WIMPAR:実世界でGUIを使いたい」からだ。こちらは実世界のさまざまな物を、PC上のファイルのように扱うことを目的としているコンセプトである。今回製作されたデモでは、PCの画面上でLEDの発光・消灯、発色の種類の変更を、ドラッグ&ドロップなどを駆使して披露して見せた。まだまだ途上のコンセプトという。WIMPARとは、WIMP( Window Icon Menu Pointing Deviceを指す言葉 ) にARをつけたということだ。
続いてのchakki氏の 「 SR:2次元に入ってみた」は、人が2次元世界に入るというコンセプト。chakki氏曰く「人類の悲願」(笑)というユーザーインターフェイスおよび物理エンジン系の技術が紹介された。要は、モニタ上の物体や人などを、直接触るかのごとく操作できる仕組みというわけだ。デモでは、某電脳歌姫を画面内の手が押したり持ち上げたりする様子を披露。CGの女の子をいいようにできる(笑)というわけだ。SRのSは、「二次( 元│現 ) 実」という意味の「 Second」と、視覚にシースルー表示をした場合にあたかも実際に触っているような感覚で操作できるという意味で「See-through」からも取られているそうである。
3番目は、吉田匠氏による「AR:全周囲裸眼立体ディスプレイを用いた2Dループゲームの提案」。ARはAnti Realityの略で、反現実(感)。現実から、立体感、色、時間、音など、「現実(感)を構成する要素」を取り除いたらどうなるかというもので、現実(感)の対義語の非現実(感)とはまた異なる。現実＋α＝拡張現実なら、現実－α＝反現実と考えられ、現実≒バーチャルとすれば、バーチャル－α≒反現実とした。吉田氏の所属する研究室では、稲見氏も開発に関わっている全周囲裸眼立体ディスプレイ「TWISTER 」(円筒形をしており、視聴者は中央に立って周囲を囲まれる形で映像を見る)が設置されている。それを利用することでまずバーチャル環境とし、そこから立体感をなくし、「人類の悲願」(笑)である2次元への没入を可能としたというわけだ。この環境で製作した横スクロールシューティングゲームなどが披露され、自分が撃ったビームが流れ弾となって後方から来て撃墜される様子など、ゲームとして面白いのか面白くないのか微妙だが、場内の笑いを誘う画面が披露された。
5番目は、デバイス製作系で、niryuu氏の「JR:モバイルデバイスを空間にしてしまおう」。JRとはJointed Reality の略( ネーミングから入ったそうだ ) 。
「デバイスの中と外の両方の空間を拡張する」というコンセプトだ。端末の外はAR、中はJRとし、端末の外と中をつなぐということだが、記者的にはちょっと難しかった。具体的なハードとしては、裏側もタッチパネルになっていて、指で画面を隠さずに操作できるモバイルデバイスを披露。以前からアイディアがあったところ、実際に同じコンセプトの「nanotouch」というデバイスを知ったこと、混雑する通勤電車の中で新聞を小さく折りたたんで読んでいるオジサンを見たことに触発されて、紙のような感覚で利用できるモバイルデバイスを目指したそうである。残念ながらぶ厚くなってしまい、紙のような感覚は出せなかったことは反省点、としている。
6番目は、大江貴志氏 の「 AR Cooking 素材の組み合わせは∞( 無限大 ) ?」。複数のマーカを組み合わせると、1つのオブジェクトが完成するというもので、その完成するオブジェクトをAR的に表現する仕組みだ。また、マーカの組み合わせ方によって、完成するオブジェクトが変化するという仕組みも有する。今回は料理を題材にしており、3つのメイン食材と1つの調味料の計4つのマーカを組み合わせ、「調理する」とオブジェクトとして料理が完成する内容とした。料理と素材の関連性を利用者の介入により直感的に示せるので、未来のおままごとセットのような、幼児向け情操教育用の教材として利用できるのではないか、という話であった。なお、XRとはeXpanded Realityの略で、「経験を拡大し、伝承するメディア」ということである。
8番目は、紅一点の津坂真有さんによる「S/N-R ToolKit:ARを用いた身体感覚改造レッスン－いつか出会う『あっち』の世界の嫁のために－」。直接的な(笑)タイトルだが、その目的のためには身体感覚の改造と仮想空間をダイレクトに受け入れることが必要である、とするコンセプトだ。要は、修練に次ぐ修練を重ねることで、数字やアルファベットなどの文字列で十分2次元の嫁をダイレクトに感じられるようになるという、実体験に基づいた話である。津坂さんは、身体ハック系メディア・アーティストおよびパフォーマーであることから、少々特殊な内容の舞台のため、猛練習を重ねてある一線を越えてこの境地に到達した経験があるのだそうだ。なお、「ダイレクトに受け入れる」というのは、文字列から嫁をイメージするというレベルより一歩進んだ(?)形で、脳内変換なしで文字列をそのままに感じ取るというものだそうだ。S/N-Rとは、Signal Noise Reality ( シグナル・ノイズ・リアリティ ) の略である。
テーマセッションのトリは、会場となった明治大学の理工学部情報科学科(ディジタルコンテンツ学)で研究室を構える准教授の宮下芳明氏。ハンカチ必須の「∀R:生と死を超えるリアリティ」と題した発表が行なわれた。宮下氏は幽霊もUFOも宗教も神も信じず、死生観もテキトウだそうで、唯一全知全能の神がいるとすれば、それは某ナンバー1検索サイト(笑)という人物(それは半分冗談で、正しくは情報科学技術こそが全能と考えているそうだ ) 。
そんな宮下氏はおばあさんを数年前に亡くしており、それが考え方を改めるきっかけになったという。おばあさんは、買い物に出てお店へ向かう途中で急逝してしまったそうだ。宮下氏は、某「ストリートビュー」でそのルートをたどり、もしかしたらお婆さんが写っているのではと期待したが、それは叶わず、初めてGoogleが自分の思いに応えてくれなかった経験をしたのだそうだ。そうしたことがきっかけで宮下氏は、ARは現実世界に幽霊を作る技術ととらえるようになる。ただ、一般にいわれる幽霊ではない形で、誰でも本当に亡くなった人に会えるように情報科学的・技術的に「この世の拡張」をしたいとしている。なお、∀とは「すべてを含む」という意味で、この世とあの世をすべて包含した世界ということだ。
● 4つのテクニカルセッション
まずはまお氏 の「 SpaceNavigatorをGLUTに」。日本でもトップクラスと自称するユーザーインターフェイスコレクター(マウスだけで300種類)のまお氏が、3DナビゲーションデバイスのSpaceNavigatorを、Windows環境下での3DCG処理のプログラミングインターフェイスのOpenGLに準拠したC言語のライブラリであるGLUT( OpenGL Utility Toolkit ) で使うためのプログラム面での改造方法を披露した。
続くksasao氏 の 「 多数のセンサ、クリエーターと技術者を結ぶオープンソースプロジェクトKAKEHASHI 」は、「 PR:拡張現実戦争－見えざる星の海、東京へ」のakio0911氏と同じHacker's Cafeのメンバーで、以前のゲームの「電脳スターラリー」では、AR部分(ハードウェア)を担当した。ヤサコの誕生年の2014年までに、処理速度、記憶媒体容量、通信速度の3点で電脳メガネのスペックを満たせるとしたが、「電脳スターラリー」で苦労したのがデザイン面の問題、つまりクリエーターがいないこと。そこで、クリエーター(デザイナー)と技術者(ハッカー)とのお互いの得意分野をつなぐ仕組みとして、「オープンソースプロジェクトKAKEHASHI」が考え出されたというわけだ。利用イメージは、クリエーターの場合、まず使いたいデバイスを買ってくる、次に対応するKAKEHASHI用プラグインをダウンロードする、いつもの使い慣れたツールでKAKEHASHIを利用するという具合。KAKEHASHIサーバは、デバイスつなぎ放題を管理し、高速なレスポンス、面倒な処理を隠蔽するという。現在、ベータ版が開発されており、7月1日にアップデート予定としている。
次の「 touchBox :マルチタッチできる箱を作ってみた」は、arc@dmz氏のプレゼン。いわゆる、複数カ所を触って操作できるようなマルチタッチディスプレイを、できるだけ小型化してみるというプロジェクト。ノートPC、赤外光を利用するためのアクリル製スクリーン、赤外光検知用Webカメラ、そしてプロジェクタと鏡という構成になっている。タッチしたカ所を検出する仕組みは、赤外光をアクリルパネル内で全反射させ、指の置かれたところだけ反射率が変わって散乱が起きる現象を利用している。また、時間が余ったことから、「ネットタンサー」や「ルンバ」などの小型ロボットを1～複数台制御するプロジェクトのプレゼンも急遽実施。JavaとProcessing上で動作する開発実行環境「Matereal」の紹介とプログラムの解説であった。ARToolKitも利用することから、テーマセッション向きであるとし、Actuated Reality、略してARとしている。
オオトリは、同勉強会の幹事である橋本氏の「OpenCVをさらに簡単にするライブラリ～車輪の再発明に終止符なるか～」。ライブラリの開発において、同じ用途・目的なのに、どうしても自分の道具は自分で作りたいという傾向から、公開/非公開問わずライブラリが乱立してしまっているのが現状である。それをなくし、極力既にあるものを有効活用できるように、またしやすくすることを掲げたプレゼンである。OpenCVはコンピュータビジョンのライブラリとしてスタンダードになったと考えられ、車輪の再発明は終わったかに見えるが、橋本氏にいわせれば、使いづらい部分もあるという。特に画像処理未経験の人にとっては、OpenCVは敷居が高いそうだ。そこで、そうした問題点を解消し、初心者でもOpenCVを使えるよう、ラッパー「ExImage Library 」(仮)を作ったということである。ちなみに、どのぐらいの初心者をターゲットにしているかというと、「構造体の配列を使ったことがあるけど、ポインタはちょっとね」というレベル。自分が当てはまるという人は、今後、公開されることになると思われるので、橋本氏の工学ナビをチェックしてみてほしい。
以上、一見すると学術的な雰囲気だが、プレゼンの4分の1から3分の1ぐらいが、2次元の嫁に会いに行くかこっちに来させるかという内容であるという今回の発表内容。マジメなものもあるけど、ズッコケそうなコンセプトを大まじめ(?)に研究して披露しているというものも多く、実に楽しい勉強会であった。ぜひ登壇したみなさんには、発表された内容を実際に完成させていただきたい。第3回に関しては未確認だが、年1回ぐらいのペースで開催されるのではないかと思われるので、また来年の初夏から夏にかけてを期待しよう。
Announcing the Moblin v2.0 beta for Netbooks and Nettops
From : " Sousou , Imad " < imad.sousou-AT-intel.com >
To : " dev- AT- moblin.org " < dev- AT-moblin.org >
Subject : Announcing the Moblin v2.0 beta for Netbooks and Nettops Date : Tue , 19 May 2009 09:54:23 - 0600 Message -ID : <E1A1564674E5754FB00AB9AC949D5E32605CAC175 F@rrsmsx501.amr.corp.intel.com >
Cc : " lwn-AT-lwn.net " < lwn- AT-lwn.net >
Archive - link : Article , Thread
The Moblin steering committee is happy to release the Moblin v2.0 beta for Netbooks and Nettops for developer testing .
With this release , developers can begin to experience and work with the source code of the visually rich , interactive user interface designed for Intel Atom based Netbooks .
The Moblin v2.0 user experience has been designed from the ground up to provide unique ways to engage with the internet , aggregate your social networking activity , and enjoy your media content .
The new user experience and core applications were developed using the Clutter animation framework , leveraging heavily from GL and the physics engine .
Experience it for yourself .
Download < http://moblin.org/downloads> the Moblin v2.0 Netbook beta images and take it for a test drive < http://moblin.org/documentation/test-drive-moblin>.
View the user experience video < http://moblin.org/documentation/moblin-netbook-intro>, take a look at the screen shots < http://moblin.org/documentation/moblin-netbook-intro>, or download the preliminary user guide < http://moblin.org/documentation/moblin-netbook-intro>.
We would like to invite and encourage all developers to test the beta .
We feel the code has reached a level where both developers and enthusiasts can play with it .
While fine tuning , bug fixing , and polishing is ongoing , so is performance improvement , all of which you should start seeing rolled into the weekly builds .
We encourage anyone to test it and provide feedback to us through bugzilla < https://bugzilla.moblin.org> or on the developer mailing list < http://moblin.org/community/mailing-lists>.
Only with your feedback can we further enhance the user experience .
Moblin v2.0 Beta Feature Summary * New , visually rich user experience , optimized for Netbook and Nettops , building on the latest open source graphics technology , such as Clutter , DRI2 , and KMS .
The user experience is provided mainly through the toolbar and panels , available at the top of the screen .
*
The m_zone , acting as the ' home screen ' panel .
It provides instant access to your synchronized calendar , tasks , appointments , recently used files , and real - time updates from your friends on social networking sites .
* Aggregation of your social networking content .
This provides you with the ability to see your social networking activities on one screen , easily interact with your friends , and update your status and site information .
Twitter and Last.fm are the currently supported social networking sites , with more to come . * A web browser optimized for the Moblin 2.0 Netbook user interface .
Based on the latest Mozilla browser technology revised into a Clutter shell , the browser gives you access to the whole internet , as well as advanced features , such as video embedding and the latest Flash plug - in , while integrating seamlessly into the user interface .
* A ' Zoomable ' media player .
This player brings your media collection to life as you zoom from viewing all media down to focusing on an individual picture , movie , or audio track .
The media player can detect and index media on external USB devices , as well as UPnP devices on your network .
*
A user interface for connection management and an updated connection manager ( ConnMan ) . * And , of course , support for Linux desktop applications .
Moblin is built using GNOME Mobile Technologies and supports existing Linux desktop applications .
From here on out , we will focus on performance , bug fixing , fine tuning , and polishing .
We post beta builds weekly in the download area .
Moblin images should work on Intel based Netbooks and Nettops , we 've been testing with the following platforms : Acer Aspire * One , Asus eeePC * 901 , 1000H , Dell Mini 9 , MSI Wind , Lenovo S10 , Samsung NC10 , HP Mini 1010 and 1120NR ( wired networking only for now ) Imad Sousou Director , Intel Open Source Technology Center
Ald. Lane Wants Cool Parking
Thingy ,
Too
By Prescott Carlson in News on May 22 , 2009 4:20 PM
While many in the city expressed outrage when it was discovered an aide to 44th Ward Alderman Tom Tunney was using a homemade placard to park his Lincoln wherever he pleased , one Alderman thought , " You know , that 's not such a bad idea . "
Ald. Lona Lane ( 18th ) has floated out a measure that all 50 of the city 's aldermen should get a special " sign or sticker " identifying their vehicles .
Lane says this is needed so they can attend meetings of " block clubs " on permit - only streets -- avoiding the awkwardness of asking the host for a visitor pass -- and also so aldermen can check out police or fire scenes unfettered :
Lane said the sign would also be valuable when she tries to help family members get information about emergencies such as car wrecks .
" A lot of times , police and the fire department wo n't tell them what 's going on .
They just say , ' Get back , get back . ' "
We can see Manny Flores now , cruising around in his car with police scanner in hand , at the ready to rush to an emergency scene to relay information back to victims ' families .
It will also help aldermen get around firetrucks when perhaps they 've had a few too many .
Lane insists the sign / sticker could not be used to dodge parking meter tickets , telling the Trib , " I do n't want to get beat up on this .
I do n't have any parking meters in my ward .
This is not for parking meters at all . "
Of course not !
The city 's parking enforcement workers will gleefully issue meter violations to an alderman 's car without fear of retribution .
Nintendo Sneaker
Can you play Nintendo games in your sneaker ?
Play on the go !
[ image ]
DANIEL PERSON
Bozeman Daily Chronicle
April 27 , 2009
Whether a resolution debated on the House floor Wednesday was a call for secession or an affirmation of the U.S. Constitution depended on who was doing the talking at any given moment .
[ efoods ]
House Resolution 3 , sponsored by Rep. Michael More , R - Gallatin Gateway , was a sweeping statement on state rights .
“ For those of you who would like the abbreviated version , here it is :
The right to govern is derived from the consent of the governed .
That is what this resolution is all about , ” More said .
Among other things , the resolution states that “ any acts of Congress that abridge protected individual freedoms are not law and are void ” and “ every state has a right to ignore or reject all unwarranted assumptions of power by other entities within its boundaries . ”
Knowing the charges were coming , More said the resolution was not about seceding from the union , only an affirmation of the rights granted by the Constitution .
Read entire article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The governing body of the Internet is getting a new CEO .
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ( ICANN ) , said that Rod Beckstrom will replace outgoing CEO Paul Twomey , who announced his plans to step down in March .
Beckstrom formerly served as director of the U.S. National Cybersecurity Center , a post he held until March of this year .
The plumes of gas and ice shooting from the south pole of the Saturnian moon Enceladus contain sodium salts , which is the best evidence so far that the satellite harbors a liquid water ocean .
NASA 's Cassini probe observed the salts in Saturn 's outermost ring , which is believed to be composed of material ejected from Enceladus .
That news , published Wednesday in Nature , is sure to excite life - hunters hoping to find extraterrestrial microbes within our solar system .
" Those salty grains provide our current best smoking ( or steaming ) gun pointing to present - day liquid water near the surface of Enceladus , " space scientist John Spencer of the Southwest Research Institute , who was not involved with the research , wrote in an essay accompanying the findings .
Since 2005 , when Cassini spotted plumes jetting out from Enceladus , the moon has become one of the hottest topics in solar - system science .
In 2008 , water vapor was discovered in the plumes , and Enceladus joined Mars and Jupiter ’s moon Europa as the likeliest places to find liquid water — and therefore life as we know it — outside Earth .
Though the planet is covered with ice and too far from the sun to derive much warmth , the gravitational field in the Saturnian system is believed to warm the moon by a frictional process called tidal heating , possibly allowing it to maintain a deep liquid water reservoir .
But the presence of the hypothesized subsurface ocean is n't as simple to confirm as it sounds .
A second study in Nature Wednesday that looked at the same plumes from ground based telescopes found no evidence of sodium vapor .
That rules out the possibility that the plumes are just near - surface ocean water blasted out into space , complicating our understanding of the moon 's internal dynamics .
" I 'm still a little skeptical , " said astronomer Nick Schneider of the University of Colorado , Boulder , lead author of the second study .
" There are other ways to explain the results . "
Taking both papers together , we now know that an intermediate step is necessary to explain the plume , if liquid water is indeed present under the tiny planet 's icy glaze .
Scientists had hoped that water from a deep ocean was simply making its way up through cracks in the ice towards the surface , where it was erupted into space .
" That scenario is out according to both of our results , " Schneider said .
Explaining both results requires some sort of distillation process that would give you pure vapor and then some salt pieces that are carried along during eruptions .
" Our picture of its subsurface must now be expanded to include the possibility of misty ice caverns floored with pools and channels of salty water , " Spencer wrote .
" What else may lurk in those salty pools , if they exist , remains to be seen . "
There are other explanations of Enceladus ' behavior .
For example , Susan Kieffer of the University of Illinois said the simplest explanation of the planet 's internal structure does n't require water at all .
The presence of clathrates , ice - like lattice structures that can trap gases , could just as easily explain what we see on the moon .
" We proposed that the crust of Enceladus was composed of two layers :
One , a surface layer of ice with carbon dioxide , and two , starting at no more than 3 kilometers , a mixture of icy clathrates that overlaid the core , " Kieffer said .
" Gas is released from the clathrates by the earthquakes associated with the tectonic activity at the south pole .
In that way , we were able to account quantitiatvely for the gases observed in the plume . "
Support among scientists for the ocean hypothesis has gathered a lot of steam from the range of Cassini observations .
Fortunately , we might be able to settle the disputes with further observations .
Cassini will be flying by the moon at least four more times by mid-2010 , and could make as many as 12 fly - bys before 2015 , if NASA extends its mission .
Unfortunately , NASA has no current plans to send a probe crashing through the ice anytime soon .
Enceladus lost out in the most recent round of mission planning to the Jovian moon , Europa , to be NASA 's marquee outer planet mission .
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and book site for The History of Our Future ; Wired Science on Facebook .
In lieu of the new Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movie hitting theaters this weekend , I decided to go back in time ( much like our fair shelled quartet in their third film , even ) to relive the good old days of Playmates Turtle Toys !
Yeah , well , there is a bit of a stipulation here : I did n’t cover any of the regular most popular figures , so nothing you see in the photo above .
Yes , Mikey , Don , Raph , and Leo were all over the place and relatively easy to come by , so we all owned those figures .
Instead , I focused on the far more bizarre and obscure of the playthings released anywhere from 1988 till about 1991 .
Oh , and lest I forget my manners , many of these images came from a very cool site dedicated to preserving our collective love for all things Turtle Toys , the now defunct ninjaturtles.com .
So , let ’s all relive our younger years when life was simpler and the TMNT boys were all over the place with 20 of the oddest collectibles .
Take a trip into the Nostalgia Sewer with us …
TMNT Battle Outfits
Apparently , just slapping on cheap knee and elbow pads made every kid think he or she was a ninja turtle .
Imagination aside , this is how kids got their asses kicked .
TMNT Star Trek Engineer Michaelangelo
I honestly had no idea Star Trek commissioned the turtle gang to commandeer the Enterprise ?
And I thought Voyager was lame .
Shell Shifter
What honestly are a group of mutated and super - strong turtles going up against that they need to be ridiculously enhanced by a massive robot exoskeleton ?
Halfcourt the Giraffe
So throughout the creation of the toys , it became pretty obvious early on that just making turtles , boring - ass Foot Clan , and like two other characters was going to get pretty dull .
So , they mutated every conceivable animal on the planet .
Oh , and this one plays basketball really well .
Of course .
Jolly Turtle Tubboat
Really .
Turtles , who already live in storm drains and sewers need a seaworthy bathtub to get around ?
Really .
Genghis Frog
Long before Battle Toads was friend to the Ninja Turtles , Genghis Frog .
And , according to his toy , here ’s how it all went down : ‘ Genghis Frog , once a humble , naive tadpole , was accidentally mutated , then intentionally tricked by the evil Shredder to join his cohorts in horror .
Once exposed to the sinister , wicked ways of Shredder , Genghis soon realized that the Turtles were his true friends . ‘
We ’ve all learned something here .
Farmer Michelangelo
This has got to be the least threatening Ninja I have ever seen .
And then he goes at you with his pitchfork .
Ninja style .
Mummy Raphael
Somehow , for inexplicable reasons , Hollywood Classic Movie Monsters decided to merge with the TMNT franchise .
This mummy Raph is but one of six or so of the creatures including Dracula , Frankenstein , and The Creature .
I have to admit , though bizarre , this is pretty sweet .
The Party Tube
Is n’t having turtles milling about in an inner tube much akin to a bird with a hang glider ?
Ray Fillet
This , right here , is all kinds of messed up : ‘ You smell something fishy ?
That ’s because you just picked up Ray Fillet , the coolest sea creature to ever leap from the deep .
Spawned from a marine biologist and a manta ray , Ray Fillet emerged from a toxic sewer pipe only to discover himself super - strong and super - slimy . ’
Ooze Flusher
If it was the ooze that made every single one of these run-of - the - mill animals become fighting heroes in the first place , how is this a ‘ trap ’ ?
Panda Khan
Boy , these Playmate geniuses sure took advantage of their 8th - grade history classes .
Genghis Frog and now Panda Khan , what ’s next , Kublai Koala ?
Foot Ski
The flag says ‘ Leech Patrol ’ and the little grippers in from have six mutated snakes and it ’s coming after the Turtles .
I ’d either run or laugh .
Or run and laugh .
Scumbug
He used to be an exterminator , now , thanks to a bath in that ever - present ooze , he ’s working for Shredder and gathering bugs to his own personal army .
Good for him .
Muta-Bus
Not only a completely nondescript school bus ( good Lord ) that says , ‘ Mutant Hight ’ on the side , but also a stage for the band , ‘ Turtle Town ’ .
Because the Turtles have all that extra time to form a band , what with all those other malformed animals roaming around .
Antrax
All of this is just silly : ‘ When Krang , on his annual scouting trip for Turtle tearing talent , spotted this top crop choice !
Krang was impressed with Antrax ’s skill with the ante- up axe and the beat ’em back bat .
Krang offered Antrax money , power – even cable TV ( with all the channels , of course ) .
Antrax accepted and became Krang ’s own judge , jury and Turtle executioner . ’
Needlenose
It ’s a giant mosquito that the Turtles fly on .
That is all .
Yep , ended the sentence in a preposition , got a problem with that ?
Slap Shot Leo
Ya know , I can fully understand when Casey Jones uses his myriad sporting equipment to thwart crime ; it is after all , his forte .
But when the Turtles do it , it ’s just sad .
Ace Duck
Someone better have been fired after this fiasco : ‘ Hungry for duck brain , Krang ordered Shredder to beam an Earthbound duck to Dimension X ( there ’s a shortage of ducks in Dimension X ) .
While transmuting the duck , famous test pilot , Ace Conrad , accidentally flew into the energy beam .
The emerging plane was suddenly piloted by none other than Ace Duck , the aero- dynamic adventurer with a big bill . ’
Sand Storm
The fact that this nut - job is a Camel notwithstanding , here ’s his weaponry and attack description : ‘ Loaded down with his wonderful weapons , like the swami slicin ’ sword and magic lamp pistol , this crazy carvin ’ camel is a cut above the rest .
He ’s a sewer sultan and desert dude who ’s quick at the hip with lightnin ’ fast twists and turns . ’
—-( VIDEO ) Episode 10 —-
Filed under : July 14 , 2009 , 5:59 pmFiled under : video
It does n’t hurt when she walks all over him .
Find more at : highmaintenanceimaginarygirlfriend.com
Formats available : Quicktime ( .mov )
the kss
Filed under : July 11 , 2009 , 1:22 amFiled under : diary i hve no idea how i’m gonna explain this black eye to karen when she commes to pickme up .
C( Ass ) hit me when I toild him to take his handoff of skylar ..
Hee was so jealous ( deserrves it , the cheater ) to find just me nd skylar closing ddown thje el torito .
my sister and hker frienjds had left hours ago affter amy threwa fit bedcause i was salsadncing wit skylaar oh , skylar taught me the salsa !
amy nd skylar will NOTT be facebok friends .
catty !@!
evidntly not enugh me to go rround .
heh kidding .
my sistr likes skylar tthoughbut she just about fell out of her chair whn skylar first arrived .
shhe thought i made her up !!!!!!!!!
wtf???????
i tol skylar therule when shegot to el torito :
We shalll not speak of Karen tonight for she does not exist .
heymaybe that ’s why karen hasnt shown up yyet .
she does n’t exist !!!!!!
heh kidding .
where is she ??
i’m sooo drunk .
bet my eye hurts olny i dont know it yet .
skylar felt so bad about C( Ass ) hitting wait a sec. did skylar kiss me ??
Twisted Sister
Filed under : July 10 , 2009 , 6:29 pmFiled under : diary I go over to my sister Hillary ’s place to whine and mope .
She knows from this blog about my trouble with Karen .
But when I get there , Hillary insists that we go out for drinks instead of wallow .
She drags me to El Torito for happy hour , and on the way , makes me promise that for tonight we pretend awful slutty Karen does not exist .
We ’ll go to the bar , have fun , and be available to possibility .
I should have known Hillary was up to something .
We get to El Torito , and guess who else “ just happens ” to be there , but Hillary ’s female coworkers , including Amy , the girl Hillary insists is perfect for me .
Awkward !
You may not realize this , but I do n’t do well with this much estrogen .
Women kind of terrify me , frankly .
So I excused myself to go to the bathroom , where I ’m sitting right now in the stall trying to figure out what to do .
I know what the old Joel would have done : Run back to Karen …
But , at least for tonight , that Joel does n’t exist either .
I ’m not gonna take it .
ANYMOOOOOORE .
( Oh , but I ’m definitely calling Skylar to join us .
I need backup . )
Yes , whore , I killed your fern
Filed under : July 1 , 2009 , 10:23 pmFiled under : diary “ Yes , Karen , I forgot to water your fern while you were ‘ at Rejuvenations ’ .
Yes , agreed , it ’s unforgivable , but it ’s not as bad as LYING to you about it .
So I confess , that fern in the bedroom is new .
I bought it , and tried to pass it off as YOUR fern .
But it ’s not . ”
“ Boy it feels good not to lie .
Care to try it , Karen ?
Care to confess anything ?
No ? ” Needless to say , I lasted maybe twenty minutes back at the apartment listening to Karen lecture me about fern maintenance before I had to get out of there .
It hurts to even see Karen right now .
“ Oh , and where am I going , Karen ?
Well , since I ’m not going to the zoo , let ’s just say I ’m going to the zoo . ”
Boy , I wish I ’d said that .
Instead , I told her I ’m going over to my Sister ’s .
Thank God my Sister hates Karen , or else Karen would have tried to tag along .
Since I do n’t want it to be a lie , I am going to see my Sister .
But I wonder … if Skylar wants to join us ( please , be busy ( C) ass ) .
Dr. Raleigh , You ’re Fired
Filed under : June 24 , 2009 , 4:56 pmFiled under : diary “ Do no harm . ”
Is n’t that the doctor mantra or something ?
Apparently , Dr. Raleigh left class that day to go punch patients in the face with a roll of quarters .
I go to him in pain and confusion , hoping for … at least some understanding about Karen ’s infidelity .
Yet all of his questions seem to blame ME .
Then he asks if Skylar was a catalyst .
Was I afraid of what Skylar would think of Karen , should they meet face to face ?
When I point out that Karen and Skylar DID meet face to face in the Borders Bookstore , he goes off the deep end , and tells me that ’s not possible .
Like Skylar would lie and make the whole thing up .
Right .
But that was n’t the worst of it .
Next he tells me that Karen is in the other room , and invites her into our session to force a confrontation in his office .
I fired him on the spot , reminded him of doctor / client privilege , and got Karen and myself out of there as fast as possible .
On the drive home , Karen asks what that was all about .
I tell her that Dr. Raleigh is a con-man trying to create a new need for his services , when the truth was that we were cured .
Karen ’s never looked happier .
Close call
Filed under : June 10 , 2009 , 6:20 pmFiled under : diary Skylar just called :
The jig was almost up .
She had followed Karen and her paramour into Borders Books to get more dirt , but lost them in the Cookbooks section .
Then –wham !
She ran into Karen face to face turning the corner into Art History .
Thankfully , Karen did n’t seem to recognize Skylar at all .
Whew !
My memory of Karen being in the room when Skylar delivered us a pizza was just my mind playing tricks on me .
After that Skylar got some juicy intel : Karen ’s paramour is named “ Dave ” .
Funny , that ’s my NEMESIS Estoye ’s first name .
Karen and Dave ’s purchase ?
The Kama Sutra .
I think I need to talk to Dr. Raleigh .
Operation Truthiness
Filed under : June 9 , 2009 , 10:09 pmFiled under : diary Today , Skylar and I staked out an old stomping ground that I ’ve vowed never to step foot in again : The Coral Tree Cafe .
It ’s the place where my NEMESIS , “ Estoye ” and I used to meet up for lunch almost daily back when we were friends .
It ’s where we both first saw Annette :
The girl that I fell in love with 5 years ago ( before Karen ) .
The girl Estoye stole from me before I got up the courage to talk to her .
The girl Estoye went and married .
I have n’t been within a mile of the Coral Tree Cafe since .
How can I go back ?
Estoye and Annette practically live there , they love it so much .
Karen knows my hatred of the Coral Tree Cafe .
So of course it ’s where she would go for an illicit rendezvous , yes ?
Yes , indeed .
Skylar and I sat across the street at the Hamburger Hamlet , and I watched Karen with another man , eating lunch .
At first I thought I might lose my mind .
But then Skylar took my hand , and told me it was going to be okay .
And you know what ?
It was okay .
Oh , and as if it was n’t bad enough seeing Karen with another man , I had to watch Estoye and Annette canoodling at the table next to Karen .
Funny , I never realized before how much Karen and Annette resemble each other .
It was difficult communicating to Skylar which girl was Karen , and which was Annette , but we got it straightened out .
After lunch , Skylar tailed Karen and her paramour to find out more .
I await the news .
Skylar ’s bombshell
Filed under : June 5 , 2009 , 5:55 pmFiled under : diary Wow .
I just told Skylar about my fear of Karen having an affair .
And Skylar confided to me that ( C ) ass , too , had been unfaithful .
She told me how hard it is to move past it , how she and ( C ) asshole work on it everyday .
Sometimes , she wishes she did n’t discover the lie .
I asked her why she stayed with Ass …
And she did n’t have an answer .
She tells me that if I ’m sure I want to know Karen ’s secret , she ’ll be my spy for me .
Assuming Karen does n’t recognize her .
We ’ll find out tomorrow , when Operation Truthiness goes into effect .
1 The Death Road ( Bolivia )
The North Yungas Road , also known as The Death Road , is a 61 to 69 km road leading from La Paz to Coroico ( Bolivia ’s capital , to the Amazon region ) in the Yungas region of Bolivia .
It is legendary for its extreme danger : in 1995 the Inter - American Development Bank christened it as the “ world ’s most dangerous road .
” One estimate is that 200-300 travelers were killed yearly along the road .
The road includes crosses marking many of the spots where such vehicles have fallen .
At the end of 2006 , after 20 years of construction , a new road ( a by - pass ) from La Paz to Coroico was opened to public .
This new route features modern construction ( bridges , drainage , etc. ) , multiple lanes , pavement , guardrails and many other elements that make it considerably safer than the original route .
As a result , the original North Yungas Road is currently much less used by traffic , although an increasing number of adventure travelers bike it for the thrills .
2 Guoliang Tunnel Road ( China )
The road in Taihang mountains was built by local villagers : it took five years to finish the 1,200 metre long tunnel which is about 5 meters high and 4 meters wide .
Some of the villagers died in accidents during construction ; undaunted , the others continued .
On May 1 , 1977 , the tunnel was opened to traffic .
It is located in the Taihang Mountains , in the Hunan Province of China .
3 Ruta 5 : Arica to Iquique Road ( Chile )
The road from Arica to Iquique is renowned for being dangerous ; you drive past very deep valleys and wind your way through , spotting ever so often tell - tale vehicle skeletons at the bottom .
The few times you can see cars and buses passing by , they were doing so at such a speed that you may think they are either tempting fate very foolishly or perhaps they are just ghosts whizzing past .
The mono-hued and isolated scenery is well capable of endowing you with the capacity to have such visions , so concentrating and avoiding the use of any form of hallucinatory substance is essential here .
4 Siberian Road to Yakutsk ( Russia )
The Russian Federal Highway connects Moscow to Yakutsk , where the coldest temperature ever recorded outside Antarctica was recorded .
Yakutsk is also the largest city built on continuous permafrost .
Most houses are built on concrete piles because of the frozen ground .
What does all this have to do with being one of the world ’s most dangerous roads ?
Well , during the winter , which is approximately ten months long , driving in and out of Yakutsk is subject to heavy snow , ice , and reduced visibility .
However , winter road conditions are a picnic compared to trying to navigate the Russian Federal Highway on July and August .
Though many Siberian residents will tell you the highway is not paved to keep the Germans out ( a tired World War II era joke ) , the truth is because of the permafrost there is no asphalt , creating a mud induced traffic jam every time the summer rains swing Yakutsk ’s way .
Near thousand car traffic jams are not unheard of and during these back ups and travelers might pass the time while stuck in Siberian traffic by looting , beating , and kidnapping other travelers .
Siberian mud pirates .
5 Sichuan - Tibet Highway ( China )
In China , the number of deaths caused by car accidents has nearly doubled in the past 20 years , climbing from 3.9 to 7.6 per 100,000 of the population between 1985 and 2005 .
The Sichuan - Tibet Highway , a high - elevation road between Chengdu and Tibet where landslides and rock avalanches are common , is undoubtedly part of the problem .
The 2,412 km long Sichuan - Tibet Highway starts from Chengdu of Sichuan on the east and ends at Lhasa of Tibet on the west .
The road stretches into Lhasa passing Ya’an , Garze and Chamdo .
Sichuan - Tibet highway traverses 14 high mountains which average 4,000 - 5000 m , spans dozens of famous rivers ( Dadu River , Jinsha River , Lantsang River , Nujiang ) , crosses primeval forest and numerous dangerous sections .
It has spectacular views along the line , with unique ethnic customs .
6 James Dalton Highway ( Alaska )
The James Dalton Highway is a 414 - mile gravel road .
It heads straight north from the Livengood turnoff of the Elliott Highway , through arctic tundra to the farthest north reaches of Alaska .
Alyeska built the 360 - mile haul road , now known as the Dalton Highway , from the Yukon River to Prudhoe Bay , for $ 150 million to supply the oil facilities on the North Slope .
The pipeline bridge across the 1,875 mile Yukon River is the only span across that river in Alaska .
But this is not a road for the faint of heart , or those with a brand - new vehicle !
It is still the main supply route for the Prudhoe Bay oilfields , and you will be sharing the road with large tractor - trailers .
Windshields and headlights are easy targets of flying rocks .
Most rental companies will not allow you to drive their cars on the Dalton .
Trucks speeding along the slippery gravel track kick up thick clouds of dust or mud , reducing visibility to absolute zero ; potholes take a heavy toll on cars and services , gas , and repairs are practically nonexistent .
Do n’t even consider driving the Dalton unless you have 4 - wheel drive , a CB radio , extra fuel , food , tires , and a trunk filled with supplies .
7 Patiopoulo - Perdikaki Road ( Greece )
This is a narrow busy dirt track that stretches from Patiopoulo to Perdikaki in Greece .
This road is a steep climb or decent , it is dangerous because it has huge pot holes and very little grip for the vehicles that travel on it .
It is a narrow road with a sheer drop on either side of its slope with no guard rails or an prevention to stop a vehicle from going over .
Many people die on his road every year , it is used by pedestrians , livestock and trucks , buses and cars .
A very dangerous road that has gravel for grip in most places and there are no lines to determine where the edge is , this is especially dangerous at night , most of the accidents happen at night on this road .
8 Trollstigen ( Norway )
Trollstigen ( The Troll Ladder ) is a mountain road in Rauma , Norway , part of Norwegian National Road 63 connecting Åndalsnes in Rauma and Valldal in Norddal .
A popular tourist attraction due to its steep incline of 9 % and eleven hairpin bends up a steep mountain side , the road up is narrow with many sharp bends , and although it has been widened in recent years , vehicles over 12.4 meters long are prohibited from driving the road .
At the top there is large parking place which allows visitors to leave their cars and walk for about ten minutes to a viewing balcony which overlooks the road with its bends and the Stigfossen waterfall .
Stigfossen is a beautiful waterfall which falls 320 meters down the mountain side .
9 The A682 Road ( England )
The A682 between junction 13 of the M65 and Long Preston is the worst road in England as it has claimed almost 100 fatalities over the last ten years .
The 14 mile single lane A682 between junction 13 of the M65 near Nelson , Lancs , and Long Preston in North Yorkshire , had 22 serious accidents in the past three years – two of them fatal .
Experts say it has an average of 0.5 deaths per 10 miles annually .
It is a favorite for motorcyclists , especially early on a Sunday morning .
10 Stelvio Pass Road Trollstigen ( Italy )
The highest paved mountain pass in the Eastern Alps –and the second highest in the Alps , after the Col de l’Iseran ( 2770 m ) – , the Stelvio Pass Roadconnects the Valtellina with the upper Adige valley and Merano .
It is located in the Italian Alps , near Bormio and Sulden , 75 km from Bolzano , close to Swiss border .
While it might not be as risky as other deadly routes , it ’s certainly breathtaking .
The tour books advise that the toughest and most spectacular climbing is from the Prato side , Bormio side approach is more tame .
With 48 hairpins , this road is regarded as one of the finest continuous hairpin routes in the Alps .
( Photo by Emiliano De Angeli and mcs )
March 5th , 2008
I have issues and everyone knows it .
It ’s really only a question of degree .
While waiting to collect two friends for lunch yesterday , I was standing by one of their desks and noticed it was not aligned with the wall .
“ Rich , why is your desk crooked ? ”
“ I do n’t know .
Does it bother you ? ”
“ Yeah .
I know .
It should n’t .
But fix it . ”
And so he lifted the 200 pound desk and righted it because he knows if he does n’t , I will whine and complain and then no one ’s getting to lunch on time .
According to the National Institute of Mental Health , OCD ( Obsessive Compulsive Disorder ) is an anxiety disorder :
characterized by recurrent , unwanted thoughts ( obsessions ) and / or repetitive behaviors ( compulsions ) .
Repetitive behaviors such as handwashing , counting , checking , or cleaning are often performed with the hope of preventing obsessive thoughts or making them go away .
Performing these so - called “ rituals , ” however , provides only temporary relief , and not performing them markedly increases anxiety .
I ’m pretty sure I do n’t qualify clinically , but I have my fair share of odd behaviors that might put me in the ballpark .
Here ’s my list of things that some might consider obsessive , irrational or just plain stupid .
Is there an NIMH definition for stupid ?
Let ’s begin .
1 . While driving , I ’m troubled if I ’m delayed by anything that puts my car under a bridge , however briefly .
I do n’t like to sit under an overpass because I think the bridge will fall and crush me .
2 . I ’ve never pressed the mileage reset button in my car .
When I bought it new 7 years ago , there were only 16 miles on the odometer .
I have never pressed the button that resets it to zero .
I ca n’t do it .
I do n’t know why .
I just can’t .
3 . If it ’s raining and I pull into my garage , I have to keep my wipers going until all the rain is cleared .
I ca n’t let one or two streams of water crawl down the windshield .
No drips allowed .
4 . If I turn off a two - way lamp that has only a single - wattage bulb in it , I have to turn it to the OFF position , not the second position because I ’m afraid juice will continue to flow and somehow that will start a fire .
5 . I must align picture frames wherever I find them crooked .
I ’ve realigned pictures in my colleagues ’ offices , in other people ’s houses , and just recently , in a restaurant .
Does that embarrass me ?
Yes , but I do it anyway and I feel better .
6 . I wo n’t take a shopping cart at a store if it has papers or coupon flyers in it .
I wo n’t pull them out .
I ’ll pick another cart .
7 . I never let a microwave run down to zero on the timer .
I have to catch it to within 10 seconds of finishing and manually shut it off .
I love catching it at the one second mark .
It makes me feel like I beat it in a race .
Shake your head if you will , but I would bet some of you have weirder things on your lists .
Do you have any rituals ?
Anything you always have to do ( or ca n’t do ) , yet ca n’t explain ?
Please share .
The only thing that keeps me afloat is knowing there are people worse off than me .
— –
John Glenn Gets Slugged ( 2 images )
On October 25 , 1989 Senator John Glenn , D - Ohio was taping a television interview following a tree - planting ceremony at the Smithsonian Institution .
Suddenly , a well - dressed man walked up and punched the Senator square on the jaw .
The assailant , Michael John Breen , 31 , was promptly arrested after being detained by a stunned Glenn .
Breen later told authorities that in recent months he had dreams revealing future events , and that he only hit Glenn to gain attention for his revelations .
Among these revelations was a vision of a massive earthquake in California which the government knew about but refused to warn residents of .
An affidavit filed in U.S. District Court said Breen told officials that he was " guided " by God to try to alert Vice President Quayle about the coming events during a visit to the Capitol .
According to police reports , Mr. Breen was charged with assaulting a member of Congress , a felony , and was held for psychiatric evaluation .
His lawyer , Barry Stiller , declined to discuss the case but described his client as '' just a very nice young man who I think is a little confused . ''
Glenn ’s only response , “ I have n't been hit like that in 30 years . ”
Having a household of six , I found that grocery shopping costs were adding up and I was running out of meal planning ideas .
I recently found these top 10 pantry items were essential in my meal planning and I could stretch my menu ideas further and they made it easier on my budget .
I ’ve listed them here , so next time your at the store remember : by adding these pantry staples to your grocery list you can save money and stretch your food budget .
Produce : Onions , Celery and Carrot
These produce items will last long properly stored in a cold refrigerator .
Carrots and Celery can last a month in the refrigerator .
Buying unpeeled carrots will save you money .
* Tip # 1 Celery can be brought back to life by placing in cold water with a little bit of white vinegar .
* Tip # 2
Never store your onions near your fruit .
Onions give off a gas that rippens fruit quickly .
Chicken
Buying a chicken from a wholesaler in large quantities can save you money .
The key is to separate the chicken when you get home into usable portions .
Bag it in a freezer bag and thaw as you need it .
Chicken should always defrost overnight in your refrigerator .
* Tip # 1 : Boneless , skinless breasts are convenient but they cost more than other parts .
Consider buying chicken that is not skinless to save money .
Trim the fat yourself .
* Tip # 2 : Need cubed chicken for a recipe ?
If you cut meat frozen , it ’s safer and easier slicing .
Frozen Vegetables
Do n’t worry that you ’re losing nutrients by cooking frozen , rather than fresh vegetables .
They ’re just as good and usually as flavorful .
The difference is that frozen vegetables are cheaper than their fresh counterparts and they ’re convenient .
Store brand is cheaper than name brand and you ca n’t tell the difference in the taste .
Tip #1 : Broccoli is one vegtable that does not freeze well .
You can buy fresh whole broccoli on sale , just check the grocery store ads .
Block Cheese
Now this is one of my favorite pantry items .
My daughter loves cheese and there is so much you can do with it .
Grilled Cheese Sandwiches , Quesadillas , Tacos , Cheese and Crackers , Spaghetti , Casseroles and more .
Shred cheese yourself to save money .
Buying the pre-shredded cheeses maybe convenient , but if you ’re willing to shred as you go , you ’ll get twice the cheese for your money .
Buying block chedder and Parmesan are the most versatile in cheeses .
Tip #1 : Buy placing the cheese in the freezer 15 minutes before you shred , the cheese will shred easier and wo n’t make a clumpy mess .
Beef , Chicken , Vegatable Broth , Stock
Broths are made from bones and meat off a carcass .
Stocks are made from roasting bones .
Both are great for making recipes go further and they add flavor to things like soups .
My grandmother always mafe her own broths , stocks and gravies from scratch and they taste so much better .
Ground Beef
Buying the 20 % lean ground beef is perfect for most recipes and is more affordable than many of the lower fat meats .
If you buy in bulk like the family paks you are making a huge savings in your food budget .
When I get home , I section the meat into usable one - pound segments and freeze in an airtight freezer bag .
If I know I ’ll be making a meal that may require more , I ’ll freeze an extra 1/ 2 pound in one freezer bag .
Always thaw your meat overnight in the refrigerator .
Rice
Rice like pasta is another way to bulk up your recipe .
Many times I will be low on meat or chicken and add rice or pasta to make my serving portion larger .
Rice will last much longer if stored in an airtight container .
Unsalted Butter
Now this is a first for me .
I was always buying salted butter , never thinking wait a minute I can add salt later to my dish and in a quantity that I wanted and a much healthier quantity .
Canned Tomatoes
Canned tomatoes last longer and are cheaper than fresh tomatoes .
There is absolutely nothing wrong with canned tomatoes .
Eggs
The last pantry essential is eggs .
Eggs are always on sale at the grocery store .
Just remember to check for cracks before you put them in your cart .
Eggs make a perfect meal and if you do n’t feel like cooking a big meal for dinner , eggs are not just for breakfast .
Eggs will last a long time in your refrigerator .
BT can help you to make sense of overwhelming problems by breaking them down into smaller parts .
This makes it easier to see how they are connected and how they affect you .
These parts are :
A Situation - a problem , event or difficult situation .
From this can follow :
- a problem , event or difficult situation .
From this can follow : Thoughts
Emotions
Physical feelings
Actions
Each of these areas can affect the others .
How you think about a problem can affect how you feel physically and emotionally .
All these areas of life can connect like this :
What happens in one of these areas can affect all the others .
There are helpful and unhelpful ways of reacting to most situations , depending on how you think about it .
The way you think can be helpful - or unhelpful .
An example : The Situation
You 've had a bad day , feel fed up , so go out shopping .
As you walk down the road , someone you know walks by and , apparently , ignores you .
This starts a cascade of :
Unhelpful Helpful
Thoughts :
He / she ignored me - they do n't like me He / she looks a bit wrapped up in themselves - I wonder if there 's something wrong ?
Emotional :
Feelings Low , sad and rejected Concerned for the other person , positive Physical : Stomach cramps , low energy , feel sick None - feel comfortable Action :
Go home and avoid them Get in touch to make sure they 're OK
The same situation has led to two very different results , depending on how you thought about the situation .
How you think has affected how you felt and what you did .
In the example in the left hand column , you 've jumped to a conclusion without very much evidence for it - and this matters , because it 's led to :
having a number of uncomfortable feelings
behaving in a way that makes you feel worse .
If you go home feeling depressed , you 'll probably brood on what has happened and feel worse .
If you get in touch with the other person , there 's a good chance you 'll feel better about yourself .
If you avoid the other person , you wo n't be able to correct any misunderstandings about what they think of you - and you will probably feel worse .
This ' vicious circle ' can make you feel worse .
It can even create new situations that make you feel worse .
You can start to believe quite unrealistic ( and unpleasant ) things about yourself .
This happens because , when we are distressed , we are more likely to jump to conclusions and to interpret things in extreme and unhelpful ways .
CBT can help you to break this vicious circle of altered thinking , feelings and behaviour .
When you see the parts of the sequence clearly , you can change them - and so change the way you feel .
CBT aims to get you to a point where you can ' do it yourself ' , and work out your own ways of tackling these problems .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The eldest son of North Korea 's leader Kim Jong - il appears to have confirmed reports his younger brother has been designated the country 's next leader .
Kim Jong-nam , when asked by Japanese broadcaster NTV about whether Kim Jong - un would succeed his father , said : " I think so .
I hear this news by media " .
Kim Jong -nam , who denied reports he had defected , said he could not remember the last time he spoke to his father .
South Korean media last week said Kim Jong - un had been designated to succeed .
In the interview , which NTV said was conducted in Macau , Kim Jong - nam , 37 , said in English : " The appointment of a successor is totally my father 's decision .
" He makes his decisions so he does n't need to talk to me or talk to another person . "
Questioned about whether he had been notified by the North Korean government about succession plans , Kim Jong - nam hesitated before saying : " Very sensitive question .
I cannot answer . "
See Kim Jong - il 's family tree
He said rumours last week that he had defected from North Korea in the wake of his father 's decision were " a totally fake story " .
Kim Jong - nam is a regular visitor to Macau and has spoken to journalists there before .
Rumours and speculation South Korean media reported last week that South Korea 's spy agency had briefed legislators on the succession .
North Korean officials were reportedly told to support Kim Jong - un after the North 's 25 May nuclear test , the reports said .
There has been much speculation over who would follow Mr Kim , who is thought to have suffered a stroke last year .
Little is known about Kim Jong - il 's youngest son , who is thought to have been born in 1983 or early 1984 .
He was apparently educated in Switzerland , but there is no confirmed photograph of him as an adult .
As rumours about succession have circulated before , analysts are wary of predicting the next leader .
The last succession was settled 20 years before the death of the Great Leader Kim Il - sung in 1994 , and publicly announced at a party congress in 1980 .
Return to top
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Talk about a “ stress test , ” said Kathleen Pender in the San Francisco Chronicle .
With the Obama administration ’s announcement that it will release some results of its financial stress tests on the largest 19 U.S. banks , Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner finds himself in a “ no - win situation . ”
He can hardly backtrack now , but if he reveals meaningful information , depositors and investors will surely flee the unhealthiest banks .
So what if they do ?
said Paul LaMonica in CNNmoney.com .
“ It ’s not the job of the Treasury or FDIC to prevent investors from selling off shares of banks that have poor fundamentals . ”
The Treasury has to accept that there are good banks — maybe Goldman Sachs and Wells Fargo — and bad banks , and it ’s better if we all know which are which .
“ Uncle Sam does n’t recommend stocks , ” said Scott Reeves in Minyanville , so what business does it have giving a “ de facto ” thumbs - up or thumbs - down to individual banks ?
An implicit “ nay ” would mean “ curtains for a weaker bank . ”
Precisely , said Massimo Calabresi in Time .
The banks are balking at selling their toxic assets at today ’s market prices , despite Obama ’s appeals and our “ massive subsidies . ”
The stress tests could be the “ weapon ” Team Obama needs to make banks “ clean up their acts , ” and balance sheets .
Potent symbol
The word hijab comes from the Arabic for veil and is used to describe the headscarves worn by Muslim women .
These scarves , regarded by many Muslims as a symbol of both religion and womanhood , come in a myriad of styles and colours .
The type most commonly worn in the West is a square scarf that covers the head and neck but leaves the face clear .
London 's Olympic Park could become a " wasteland " after the 2012 Games unless better legacy plans are put in place to counter the removal of temporary stadiums , one of the Government 's chief design advisers was reported as saying today .
Paul Finch , chairman of Cabe 's 2012 panel , the review group tasked with overseeing the architecture and urban design of the London Olympics , warned the 500 - acre site could consist of " huge gaping holes " once the temporary stadiums are removed .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" The big concern is that it will be a bit like the Millennium Dome , surrounded by huge areas of wasteland with literally nothing there , " he was quoted as saying in Building Design , a newspaper for architects .
" This is something that is being worked on now , but if you look at the Olympic site and consider what the map will look like a couple of months after the games , once all the temporary facilities have been taken out , there are going to be an awful lot of great big gaps in the site - this is really the big challenge now . "
Temporary venues include the 12,000 - seater basketball arena and part of the 100,000 square metre International Broadcast Centre / Main Press Centre ( IBC / MPC ) .
His comments came after Cabe refused to support the proposed designs for the IBC / MPC put forward by the Olympic Delivery Authority ( ODA ) .
Cabe said there were serious concerns over the quality of architecture , which it described as " extremely weak . "
The design for the IBC showed a " paucity of imagination , " it said , which could even blight the Olympic legacy , while more work was needed to improve the " large monolithic block " of the MPC .
" Unless there is a fundamental rethink , then people could be forgiven for wondering why sheds have been removed from the Lower Lea Valley in the name of high quality urban regeneration , only to be reinstated at a much larger scale , " it said in a statement .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
The ODA , which is responsible for construction of the venues , said in a statement : " Work on the external appearance of the buildings is ongoing and we look forward to discussing this further with Cabe and other partners . "
The IBC / MPC was initially intended as a vibrant media - style centre following the Games , but has now been earmarked as a business park .
( CNN ) -- President Obama and former Vice President Dick Cheney offered competing views on how to keep America safe in back - to - back speeches Thursday .
President Obama says he is trying to clean up " a mess " left behind by the Bush administration .
Obama said his administration is trying to clean up " a mess " left behind by the Bush administration .
He defended his plan to close the Guantanamo Bay detention center in Cuba , his ban on torture , the release of Bush - era interrogation memos and his objection to the release of prisoner photos .
Cheney stood up for the Bush administration 's security record , arguing that Obama has weakened the country 's ability to combat al Qaeda and other extremists .
He defended the use of enhanced interrogation techniques as a success that changed thousands of lives .
He called the release of the Bush - era memos a reckless distraction and belittled Obama 's decision to close Guantanamo " with little deliberation and no plan . "
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid 's spokesman wrote off Cheney 's address as something more beneficial to Democrats than Republicans .
" He is such a wildly unpopular figure trying to defend such discredited policies that Democrats would like to be able to find a way to pay him to give more of these kinds of speeches , " Jim Manley said .
In the past two months , the former vice president has become a frequent critic of the new administration in numerous national media interviews .
But House Minority Leader John Boehner said Cheney 's voice boosts his party 's cause .
" Listen , Dick Cheney has been around this town for the last 35 years -- 40 years .
He knows how this town works , and frankly , he 's very knowledgeable when it comes to the strategies that the administration took with regard to dealing with this terrorist threat .
And having him out there , outlining those strategies and why we 're engaged in this , I think , is helpful to the debate , " Boehner said .
Republicans were quick to side with Cheney on Obama 's plan to close Guantanamo , with Rep. Lamar Smith charging that the president should " put Americans ' safety ahead of an image problem he himself created by making a campaign promise to close Gitmo . "
" The administration asserts that transferring terrorists from a detention facility on an isolated island to a prison inside the U.S. will make Americans safer .
The administration 's claims are completely contrary to common sense .
By the president 's logic , we should close all other jails and prisons , too , " Smith , R - Texas , said in a statement .
Obama 's plans to close the detention center have been met with opposition from both sides of the aisle in Congress .
Following in the steps of House Democrats , Senate Democrats on Tuesday rejected the administration 's request for $ 80 million to close the facility .
They instead asked that Obama first submit a plan spelling out what the administration will do with the prisoners when it closes the prison .
Both chambers of Congress also passed similar measures that would prevent the detainees from being transferred to the United States .
Obama on Thursday pledged not to release any Guantanamo Bay detainees who threaten the United States .
He also pointed out that no one has ever escaped from a federal " supermax " prison .
Rep . Doug Lamborn , R - Colorado , whose district houses a supermax prison , adamantly does not want detainees brought to that prison .
" The president did not say where people would go who were convicted under military tribunals or who are to be released by courts or who are in the ' too dangerous to release ' category , so his plan today really has a lot of gaps in it , " he said .
And Michael Steele , the chairman of the Republican National Committee , said it would be " dangerous , naive and a threat to America 's national security " to put detainees on U.S. soil .
But Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin said he thinks the U.S. can safely house terror detainees .
Watch Durbin 's suggestions on how to handle the detainees »
" The president is right in saying Guantanamo is more than a detention facility .
It 's become a symbol .
And sadly , it 's become an organizing tool around the world for terrorism .
The sooner that we bring Guantanamo to a close , the better , " he said .
Rep . Mike Pence , chairman of the House Republican Conference , accused the president of continuing to " to bow to world opinion " when it comes to Guantanamo .
" Let me say emphatically : Mr. President , public safety comes before public relations .
The American people do n't want to know how closing Guantanamo Bay will make us more popular , they want to know how closing Guantanamo Bay will make us safer , " he said .
House Republican Whip Eric Cantor said closing the prison is " too complex an issue to rush to resolution . "
" At the end of the day , when it comes to terrorism , no detail is too small , and we must have only one priority : the safety and security of the American people , " he said .
Democratic Sen. Patrick Leahy , chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee , said " political rhetoric has entirely drowned out reason and reality " in the debate over where to put the detainees .
" Our criminal justice system handles extremely dangerous criminals , and more than a few terrorists , and it does so safely and effectively .
We try very dangerous people in our courts and hold very dangerous people in our jails in Vermont and throughout the country .
We have the best justice system in the world , " he said .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi praised Obama 's address as " a sensible , balanced approach to the treatment of detainees and to the handling of state secrets . "
One decision that pleased some conservatives was Obama 's move to restart former President Bush 's military commissions .
Former Navy lawyer Charles Swift , who won a landmark Supreme Court ruling that knocked down the Bush administration 's system of military commissions , said U.S. laws already cover the " vast majority " of cases the Obama administration will face .
" The previous administration sought ways around the law , " he said .
" This president seeks to follow the law and keep us safe , and he believes in the long haul -- as do I -- that following the law and following our values in conjunction with holding terrorists is absolutely essential to both winning the war and being safe . "
Swift said Cheney 's defense of waterboarding " mystifies me . "
" I want to ascribe to people the best of motives , and I presume that the former vice president believes for whatever reason that force is the only thing that works , " he said .
" Unfortunately , that goes against all of the evidence . "
As far as former President Bush 's thoughts on the dueling speeches , he did n't watch them .
A source close to Bush said the former president was traveling at the time , en route to New Mexico , where he is the keynote speaker Thursday night at a fundraising dinner for a scholarship program for students at Artesia High School .
All About Barack Obama • Dick Cheney • Guantanamo Bay
Rosemary oil is known for its numerous therapeutic properties and health benefits , as well as for its pleasant fresh herbal aroma .
The oil is extracted from the leaves of Rosemary ( Rosmarinus Officinalis ) , a herb from the mint family Lamiaceae .
It is a close relative of sage , lavender , Lemon Balm , peppermint and basil .
Dry and fresh leaves of Rosemary are used as a culinary spice , especially in the Mediterranean cuisine , and they perfectly complement a great variety of foods ( including various types of meat and vegetables ) .
Rosemary plant has very beautiful light blue flowers which can be observed in their full bloom every spring .
Probably , this beautiful blue color of the flowers gave an idea to Ancient Romans to name the plant “ Sea Dew ” ( the Latin Rosemarinus ) .
The plant originates from Asia , but in our times it is cultivated in Yugoslavia , France and Tunisia .
A great deal of modern medicines , medicinal preparations , hair care , skin care and beauty products contain rosemary essential oil .
This natural oil is rich in such chemical components as camphor , bornyl acetate , cineol , linalol , thujone , pinene , verbenon , alpha - terpineol , borneol , beta - caryophyllene , a number of antioxidants ( rosemarinic acid , caffeic acid , carnosic acid , etc. ) and other useful compounds .
Rosemary containing products are considered great sources of calcium , iron and Vitamin B6 .
The plant is used in modern medicine for its stimulant , antidepressant , nervine , hypertensive , tonic , diuretic , carminative , cholagogue , analgesic and other therapeutic properties .
Rosemary plant is known as a “ brain herb ” since it is an effective stimulant for mental activity and can be effectively used by the students during their exams to increase the abilities to focus and study more efficiently .
Rosemary oil can be used to treat nervous breakdown , depression , memory loss , mental fatigue , etc .
Besides , rosemary baths are recommended for those , who suffer from arthritis , rheumatism , headaches , muscle pains and other related problems .
Also , rosemary has positive effects on the hair follicles and scalp , so it can stimulate hair re-growth .
Regular rubbing 2 - 3 drops of this oil into your scalp can refresh and moisturize the skin .
A mixture of rosemary , basil and tea tree oils can assist in combating dandruff problem .
Moreover , this medicinal plant can be used to treat eczema , acne and dermatitis .
Disinfectant properties of rosemary oil are used as a part of small cut treatment and mouth care program .
The oil has positive effects on respiratory system and can be used to treat such problems as asthma , bronchitis , whopping cough and so on .
Rosemary products can help to get rid of intestinal infections , dyspepsia , eating colitis , stomach cramps , flatulence and other related ailments .
In addition , rosemary can help to lower menstruation pains , improve blood circulation , strengthen the vessels and even stimulate weight loss .
In aromatherapy , rosemary essential oil can be combined with lavender , eucalyptus , mint , bergamot , lemon and other oils .
Everyone who is considering using rosemary essential oil should remember that this oil is a very powerful stimulant and neurotoxin .
That is why those people who suffer from epilepsy , high fever and other health problems , should avoid it .
Besides , the oil can cause allergic reactions .
an overdose can lead to such unwanted side effects as muscle spasms , nervous twitches or vomiting .
Rosemary essential oil should never be consumed internally .
According to the experts , pregnant and breastfeeding women should avoid using rosemary essential oil since it can have negative effects on fetus and even cause miscarriage .
Please , consult your health care practitioner before using herbal products containing Rosemary .
Hi !
My name is Carla and I am a 5th year medical student at HYMS .
I am interested in alternative medicine and I have done months researching the topic of herbal medicine .
Besides , I like interviewing people and learning more about their experiences with one or another type of herbal treatments .
I am willing to contribute to this site with my knowledge , and I would be happy to help you out to the best of my ability with any specific questions or problems related to alternative medicine .
Phorm is considering paying users to encourage them to take part in its behavioural advertising system .
Last night , at its second townhall - style meeting , Kent Ertugrul the company 's chief executive , said Phorm might try subsidising broadband or offer funds to charities to encourage surfers to choose to use Phorm .
Phorm is a behavioral advertising system which uses deep - packet inspection technology to decide which adverts to surface to surfers .
Most display ads are based on the content of the page .
While the Guardian cancelled plans to work with Phorm , Virgin and Talk Talk have also signed onto the scheme , but only BT has run a trial , which ended in December .
Aside from BT , Ertugrul said Phorm was also in talks with many other large internet service providers ( ISPs ) .
Ertugrul would not discuss the results of the BT trial , or say how many people chose to opt out of the system , which is called WebWise .
Paying users could be one way to ensure enough people choose to use the system , if targeted advertising is n't enough to draw them in .
One controversy surrounding the Phorm system is whether people will be required to opt out of it by their ISPs , or if it will use an opt in model .
But Ertugrul said such decisions were up to ISPs and not even that important , so long as consumers are clearly told about the choice they were making .
VATICAN CITY – Pope Benedict has entered the world of social networking sites and smartphones with a Vatican portal that includes Facebook and iPhone applications .
The Pope2 You website was launched Thursday and allows Facebook users to send virtual postcards with photos of Benedict and excerpts from his messages .
An application for iPhone and iPod Touch gives surfers video and audio news on the Pope 's travels and speeches , as well as on Catholic events worldwide .
The new portal is the latest update in the Vatican 's efforts to broaden the Pope 's audience and reach out to young people .
Earlier this year , Benedict got his own YouTube channel , which is now also linked to the portal .
While wary of the potential pitfalls of new media , the 82 - year - old Benedict has also encouraged young Catholics to use the Internet to spread the church 's message .
On Wednesday he told pilgrims gathered for his weekly audience that young people should use the Internet to build a better world through bonds of friendship and solidarity , adding that the digital world can help make the Gospel known .
For Rev. Paolo Padrini , a technologically savvy Italian priest who led the Pope2 You project , giving Benedict a presence on the world 's largest online social network was in keeping with the church 's centuries - old communications strategy .
" The walls of our churches are painted by the greatest artists of all time , " Padrini said .
" This means that the church has always invested in the culture of each period , using the best instruments available to communicate with people . "
Padrini , 36 , works in the small of village of Stazzano in northern Italy and routinely chats online with his 2,500 parishioners .
He was also behind another Vatican foray on the web : iBreviary , an application that brought the book of daily prayers used by priests onto iPhones .
Padrini said the new project aimed to put the focus on the church by creating a Facebook application rather than a personal profile for Benedict like those made for stars and world political leaders , including U.S. President Barack Obama .
" The Pope is not a Hollywood star who signs autographs , " Padrini told The Associated Press in a telephone interview Friday .
`` We do n't follow a concept of leadership ; the Pope has always made it clear that he is a servant of the church . "
Some top clergymen do have profiles on Facebook , including Crescenzio Cardinal Sepe , the archbishop of Naples .
The Pope2 You portal is run by the Vatican 's Pontifical Council for Social Communications and is available in English , French , German , Italian and Spanish .
It was launched ahead of the church 's World Communications Day on Sunday .
Padrini did n't know if the Pope had been informed of the website , but said the initiative was consistent with the message the pontiff had prepared for World Communications Day .
Addressing the " digital generation , " Benedict praises new media for helping people keep in touch and creating new friendships and communities worldwide .
But he also warns that social networking can become ``obsessive , " isolating individuals from real - life interaction .
" It would be sad if our desire to sustain and develop online friendships were to be at the cost of our availability to engage with our families , our neighbours and those we meet in the daily reality of our places of work , education and recreation , " Benedict says in the message .
– – –
http://pope2you.net
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
www.vatican.va
Read more about :
For all you nerdlingers who need to brag about fuel economy around the water cooler , soon you 'll be able to buy a factory - built 125 MPG XR3 diesel - electric hybrid straight out of the box .
The XR3 plug - in hybrid has been around since about 2006 as a kit vehicle , requiring the DIYer to do all the wrenching , assembling the T - shaped chassis , installing the lithium - ion batteries , the 23 HP diesel , the electric motor , suspension , body , etc .
Think of the XR3 as a super simplified Chevy Volt , it has a 40 mile all - electric range , but the diesel engine and electric motor are completely decoupled and the driver controls selection of drive system instead of a computer .
Now , according to company owner Robert Q. Riley ( which totally sounds like a made up name ) the vehicle is going to be available with most of the work completed direct from the factory .
The complete details are n't available yet , but some degree of assembly is slated to take place at the companies Cleveland manufacturing facility , we 're assuming everything will be assembled except the installation of the diesel and electric motor , in order to avoid costly Federal certification .
XR3 Plug - In Hybrid Heads for Production
In June , 2008 , Robert Q. Riley introduced the 125 - mpg XR3 plug - in hybrid , a stylish three - wheeled " personal transit vehicle " ( PTV ) that home craftsmen could build from plans .
Now the design is headed for production , which was the goal Riley had in mind all along .
If he 's successful , it could establish an entirely new category of vehicles and change the landscape of personal mobility .
Riley 's design approach is simple .
Try walking a block and then try pushing your car a block and you 'll quickly understand where all the energy goes .
In reality , most of a car 's energy goes to getting itself around town and you come along for free .
So when your car goes out for a drive , you simply " hop the freight - train " and ride for nothing .
If we could get rid of the massive hardware overhead we 'd slash personal mobility energy and greenhouse emissions to the bone .
Mass reduction is the fundamental idea behind Riley 's super - fuel - economy design philosophy .
Reducing vehicle mass facilitates many other alternative technologies , but the core idea is to move less mass around the city .
It 's a concept that has driven his alternative car designs over the last 30 years , it 's the core idea in his book , " Alternative Cars in the 21st Century " ( SAE 1993 and 2004 ) , and it 's the philosophy that drove the design of the XR3 .
In urban driving , roughly 80 percent of a car 's energy is directly related to mass .
Overweight mobility machines take much more energy than lean machines .
And according to Riley , " with enough market penetration , super - efficient personal transit vehicles like the XR3 could forever put an end to imported oil , and do it with affordable technology that already exists . "
The XR3 plug - in hybrid combines low mass with simplified state - of - the - art technology to achieve 125 mpg while cruising on its 23 hp diesel engine , and up to 40 miles range while running only on its Li-Ion battery pack .
It 's an all - wheel - drive , ground - connected parallel hybrid , which means there 's no mechanical transmission between the two power systems .
Instead , it relies on the ground to provide the connection .
When the two systems are used in series , with half the miles driven on battery power and half on diesel power , average fuel economy shoots past 200 mpge . *
For local trips of up to 40 miles , the XR3 can run on battery power alone and never burn a drop of fuel .
The choice of operating mode – diesel - only , battery - electric - only , or hybrid - is operator selectable by flipping a pair of switches .
And there 's not a single computer in the power system .
According to Riley , " we needed a simple way to integrate two very different power systems , and I wanted to avoid computer controls and costly transmissions that are common to today 's hybrids .
So I designed a $ 10 throttle integrator mechanism .
But I spent several sleepless nights pondering whether it was too simple to actually work .
Amazingly , it works better than my wildest dreams ! "
Power system integration is handled by a simple electromechanical ' throttle integrator ' ; one of the many features for which patents are pending .
In the hybrid mode , the throttle integrator is designed to blend the two power systems in a way that uses the electric propulsion motor as a " supercharger " for the burst acceleration needed to safely merge into freeway traffic - and do it by simply pressing down on the accelerator pedal .
" It 's a very simple and reliable system , and it works beautifully , " said Riley .
Construction Plans for DIYers
With the release of XR3 construction plans , skilled individuals can create their own XR3 using the basic shop tools normally found in a home workshop .
These inventive early - adopters often include their own customized touch by using different engines and new styling elements .
Riley 's plans also introduced high - level 3D CAD to the average home craftsman , where they can zoom , pan , and rotate parts and assemblies in 3D on any home PC .
High - tech construction - plans are available from his website ( www.rqriley.com).
As the XR3 moves toward mass production , complete knockdown kits will become available prior to the release of fully - manufactured turnkey vehicles .
The original construction plans could ultimately morph into something more along the lines of an assembly manual .
So the existing plans could become a collector 's item over the long term .
Customizable Performance
In addition to its light weight and superb handling , another innovation made possible by avoiding on - board mechanical power - system connections and computers is the ability to quickly and easily reconfigure the chassis for different markets .
It can accept far more powerful engines .
Even a 100 hp engine , small by automotive standards , will result in lightening - fast acceleration and a plug - in hybrid vehicle that can also drive efficiently and economically on battery power alone .
Or the electric power train can simply be left off .
By sticking with the small 0.9L engine and eliminating the electric power system , production costs can be cut nearly in half without reducing its 125 - mpg fuel economy .
Or the combustion power train can be left off and extra batteries can be installed in its place to produce a battery - electric vehicle with a range of up to 100 miles .
The modular design provides almost unlimited power train choices .
And the simplified hybrid power system allows for significant changes without having to reprogram a computer to account for the differences in power characteristics .
Manufacturing
The manufacturing entity , XR3 Motors LLC , has prototype facilities located on the outskirts of Cleveland .
Under the leadership of veteran racecar builder and manufacturing expert , Phillip A. Lane , XR3 Motors has been forming alliances and pulling in new talent since the decision to move ahead was made late in 2008 .
In contrast to Riley 's low - key manner , Lane has an infectious enthusiasm that 's almost impossible to resist .
Even if you arrive tired and wishing you were somewhere else , you 'll leave a meeting with Lane full of energy and feeling as though you 've just witnessed the genesis of something big .
Lane has years of experience with alternative fuels such as bio-diesel and ethanol , and he pioneered environmentally sustainable methods and materials in his vintage restoration and racecar fabrication business .
He is now parlaying his eco-friendly background into XR3 manufacturing .
Lane , for example , is responsible for the company 's focus on corrosion prevention technologies to prevent the maintenance problems typical of conventional vehicles in regions like the Northeastern U.S .
Through Lane 's networking and life - long associations in the region , the prototype is now headed to one of Ohio's top automotive research universities where power train analysis and optimization will be carried out .
Although the vehicle is fundamentally a diesel - electric hybrid , another Ohio university is slated to install an advanced fuel cell in a pre-production prototype for testing and evaluation .
Noise , vibration , and harshness ( NVH ) engineering , as well as a new technology that cancels out noise by using artificially generated sounds , are on the agenda .
It seems counter - intuitive , but vehicle noise can be significantly reduced by adding artificially generated sounds tuned to the vehicle 's natural sounds .
So why would an Arizona - based vehicle designer decide to locate manufacturing facilities in Cleveland ?
" The region has a strong and underutilized manufacturing base that is ideally suited for this type of venture " , said Riley .
" It was actually the seat of the automotive industry when it began in the early 1900s .
The White Steamer , the Baker Electric , and Alexander Winton 's record - making Winton Bullet racers , all came from Cleveland and surrounding regions , " he continued .
" With its industrial and workforce assets it has the potential to become a big player in sustainable mobility , renewable energy , and advanced manufacturing . "
XR3 Motors is attracting a powerful team of advisors , designers , and directors .
" We are fortunate to have Ron Will on our team , " Riley said .
Ron Will was formerly Manager of Product Planning & Design at Subaru of America and is perhaps most well known for developing the Subaru Outback .
According to Riley , " I asked Ron to join our team because of his extensive automotive experience and his forward thinking views on alternative vehicle design .
Ron also designed the high - performance three - wheel Turbo Phantom back in the 1980s , and so he understands three - wheel vehicle design , " Riley explained .
One of his first tasks will be to design a new front clip for the large - engine high - performance model .
He will also design a motorcycle based on the XR3's electric power train , which is a self - contained unit that bolts to the rear of the XR3 's tunnel - frame .
When you consider that the XR3's electric power module can deliver over 500 foot - pounds of torque to the single rear wheel , it is easy to get a sense of the performance of a motorcycle built around the system .
Riley also has a remarkable track - record of his own .
He is responsible for a long line of alternative car designs dating back to the mid-1970s , including three and four wheelers of electric , hybrid , and conventional power systems .
He is also the author of " Alternative Cars in the 21st Century " ( SAE 1993 , and 2004 ) , a book that anticipated today 's push for new transportation solutions more than a decade in advance .
Riley literally " wrote the book " on where we are today .
Conservation and sustainability have been key considerations throughout the XR3's design .
Many of the vehicle 's cut - and - weld components will be switched to aluminum castings or stampings .
The company is working with a number of vendors on advanced materials and processes .
A new type of recycled aluminum that costs one - third the price of new aluminum is slated for several structures that make up the chassis .
Advanced foam - core composites are used throughout the body , both for strength and reduced weight .
Design Philosophy
To understand the XR3's blend of motorcycle and automotive styling elements , it helps to understand Riley 's mindset on marketing and low - energy - demand vehicles .
Everyone knows that driving little econobox cars would help save fuel .
But those are not the kinds of vehicles that consumers want to own .
No one wants to drive a dorky little car - even if it costs less - in order to save the planet or help ease the transfer of wealth to the folks who own all the oil .
So we end up stuck on the horns of a dilemma – spend lots of money on advanced technology vehicles or continue to buy oil for as long as we can pay for it .
According to Riley 's vision , " one way around this dilemma is to design a new type of vehicle – a ' personal transit vehicle ' , for example - that people do want to own .
The XR3's styling and layout is intended to differentiate it from a conventional automobile and give it a personality captures the imagination of consumers .
If we are successful , we 'll end up promoting the idea that families need one type of super - efficient vehicle for those everyday , single - or double - occupant trips to work and to the market , and another type ( the big vehicle ) for family outings and long - distance trips , " he continued .
If you carry out the numbers , dependence on foreign oil could be ended through nothing more than vehicle packaging and personality , plus a little help from advanced technology and alternative fuels .
Vehicles that demand less energy make alternative fuels more feasible .
For example , natural gas vehicles that are refueled at home become more practical when the storage tanks do not have to match the energy content of an SUV 's tank - full of gasoline .
Fuel cells become more practical and less costly when energy demand is reduced .
Domestically - produced biofuels become more feasible when less fuel is needed to do the same amount of driving .
Consider that the XR3's small three - gallon tank carries enough fuel for nearly 400 miles of driving .
Safety
But is a small , lightweight vehicle safe ?
In terms of raw physics , when a big thing runs into a little thing the little thing receives the biggest blow .
But several studies have shown that mass is not necessarily a safety feature .
Over the past three decades , cars have become much lighter and safety has significantly increased .
And today , many SUVs have a poorer safety record than smaller and lighter vehicles .
The big difference is " design . "
It 's important to design for occupant protection , which in the industry is called " crash survival . "
And the vehicle has to stay upright in an out - of - control situation , which is a safety shortfall of high - profile vehicles .
The XR3 has a rollover threshold of 1.2g , which is about the same as a conventional compact car .
SUVs typically have a rollover threshold on the order of 0.8g to 1.2g .
In layman 's terms , that means most four - wheeled SUVs are more likely to roll over than the three - wheeled XR3 .
In terms of occupant protection , the XR3's canopy is equipped with a steel roll cage .
The rear wall of the cabin serves as a foam - filled composite roll bar , and the sides along the occupant zone are filled with crushable foam for side intrusion protection .
Rear impacts are taken by the exposed rear tire , and frontal impacts are taken by the foam - filled nose .
The occupant zone is entirely open and free of the nearby structures that tend to cause injury in conventional cars .
And the centrally - mounted steering column is designed to yield at the connection near the front wall of the cabin while still providing steering control .
In other words , there is no steering column in front of the driver .
The actual steering column is located over the tunnel in the center of the cabin .
And , of course , seat belts are essential .
Much attention has been given to design - for - safety features in the XR3 .
End to Oil Dependence
We will not wake up one Tuesday to find that the earth 's oil tank has been pumped dry .
But even if we wanted to remain dependent on petroleum , at some point it has to come to an end .
It 's really about economic health .
And the real economic impact of oil is partially hidden because it does not show up in the price of motor fuel .
When military , environmental , and health costs are combined with the economic impact of the transfer of wealth to oil - rich regions , the real price of petroleum ends up double or triple the price of the oil itself .
Riley became interested in alternative vehicle design while sitting in a half - mile - long line waiting to buy gasoline during the ' 73 - ' 74 oil crisis .
He has been developing prototype vehicles since then .
In an upcoming episode in Discovery Channel 's Next World series entitled " Radical Vehicles " , Riley makes the statement : " Imagine a world in which petroleum is irrelevant .
Imagine how unhooked we would be from political difficulties in certain areas of the world if petroleum was just irrelevant . "
* mpge = miles per gallon equivalent .
In order to compare electrical energy to diesel or gasoline energy , an equivalency factor must be assumed for the electrical energy .
Once the onboard efficiencies are accounted for , it has been assumed that wall - plug electrical energy costs about 25 to 35 percent of the cost of diesel or gasoline energy .
But this will vary between different regions and the source - fuels used to produce the electrical energy .
Small internet service providers are challenging a ruling that gave Bell Canada Inc. the green light to selectively slow down internet speeds for some of their customers .
Canada 's internet regulator , the Canada Radio - television and Telecommunications Commission , did n't fully understand the technology involved and made errors in the November 2008 judgment , said an application filed with the commission Thursday by Canadian Association of Internet Providers ( CAIP ) , along with the Consumers ' Association of Canada and a number of other groups .
The groups listed on the application are : The Consumers ’ Association of Canada .
Canada Without Poverty .
Canadian Association of Internet Providers .
Acanac Inc .
Accelerated Connections Inc .
Cybersurf Corp .
Eagle.ca .
Execulink Telecom Inc .
Managed Network Systems Inc .
Skyway West Business Internet Services ,
Start Communications , TekSavvy Solutions Inc .
Vianet Internet Solutions .
Yak Communications Inc .
The application asks the commission to review its decision .
Bell 's " throttling " targets internet traffic generated by peer - to - peer ( P2P ) file sharing applications used by its own customers and by customers of the smaller ISPs .
Bell is required to rent network access to smaller ISPs at regulated rates because the networks were built decades ago at taxpayer expense .
Bell said throttling is necessary to prevent network congestion .
In November 2008 , the Canada Radio - television and Telecommunications Commission ruled that Bell 's throttling is not discriminatory , as the practice is also applied to Bell 's own internet customers .
The decision came in response to a complaint filed in April 2008 by CAIP , which represents about 50 companies .
The ruling did not address the larger issue of whether throttling should be allowed or whether ISPs should avoid favouring some users or some applications over others , an issue referred to as net neutrality .
In response to the new application , Bell said in a statement Thursday that it has only just received the submission and is reviewing it .
The company added that the CRTC made " the right decision " in November , and noted that the commission already has another proceeding underway to examine more fully issues around network management .
That proceeding , announced by the commission on the day it released the original ruling , includes a hearing on July 6 .
Decision hurts consumers , say small ISPs
The groups involved in the new CRTC application allege the November decision was flawed and interferes with the companies ' ability to distinguish themselves from Bell and therefore compete effectively .
" They 're being forced to becoming mini Bells and removing choice , " said Rocky Gaudrault , CEO of TekSavvy Solutions Inc. , one of the companies listed on the new application .
" Consumers no longer have an option . "
That concern is the reason the Consumers ' Association of Canada , which was n't involved in the April 2008 application , is involved in this one , Gaudrault added .
John Lawford , a lawyer representing the Consumers ' Association of Canada and Canada Without Poverty on the application , said the groups believe that if ISPs are allowed to control content sent over the internet , the price of internet service will rise .
In addition , the groups have privacy concerns about deep - packet inspection , the technique used by Bell to identify peer - to - peer file sharing so it can be slowed down compared to other applications .
The fact that the CRTC is holding public proceedings to gather more information about internet traffic management practices shows that it did n't have all the facts when it made its earlier decision , the application argues .
" If they did not have sufficient facts in front of them … they should n't have rendered the decision , " said Tom Copeland , chairman of CAIP .
Ruling could sway outcome of public hearings
The fact that the CRTC made that decision will also influence and narrow the scope of the public proceedings , the applicants argue .
" A lot of us are pretty convinced that the outcome of this new public proceeding has already been decided .
It 's going to be based on the CAIP decision . "
That ruling has since been used by other internet service providers to support their own throttling , Gaudrault said .
" It 's almost become an accepted practice . "
Meanwhile , he added , Bell has revealed that it is installing hardware solutions such as switches to deal with its network capacity crunch .
" So there indeed were and are alternate means to dealing with capacity other than throttling , " he said .
That shows the CRTC erred in deciding that throttling was necessary , he argued .
" At the end of the day , it 's about investment in infrastructure . "
Gears of War. Unreal Engine .
Journalists commonly use these two phrases to quickly encapsulate the history of Epic Games , a highly successful video game developer based in Cary , North Carolina .
And why not ?
The Gears of War franchise has sold gazillions of copies , and the Unreal Engine commonly powers blockbuster titles like BioShock .
Both successes have made the gaming industry look up and take notice .
But to stop with those platitudes is to ignore a much deeper and richer past .
Epic Games , founded by Tim Sweeney in 1991 , has a much bigger gaming footprint than most people realize .
When I hear " Epic , " I think back to a time in the early 1990s when I was deeply involved in my local computer bulletin board system ( BBS ) scene .
BBSes were early dial - up online services that provided message boards , primitive online games , and numerous free files to download .
At that time , Epic MegaGames -- as Sweeney 's company was then called -- published some of the world 's most popular and successful shareware games .
Games like Jill of the Jungle , Jazz Jackrabbit , Epic Pinball , and others could be found in nearly every BBS file section across the U.S .
And the game that started it all for Sweeney was ZZT .
Released in 1991 , ZZT is a text - based action / adventure / puzzle shareware title with a built - in game editor and scripting language .
Think LittleBigPlanet in text .
Sweeney 's experiences with ZZT led directly to Epic 's success with Unreal Engine , which inseparably integrates game engine and editor much in the same way ZZT did .
Sweeney -- now CEO and technical director of Epic -- is probably a genius , and he 's definitely a geek .
But he 's not a geek in your standard " never leave the basement " sense .
Although soft - spoken , Sweeney is quietly confident , and he possesses a keen business instinct that is rare in an analytical genius of his caliber .
That instinct for business led him ( and Epic ) directly where they are today .
Earlier this year , I met with Sweeney to discuss his personal history over lunch .
With so much press coverage overlooking Epic 's early days , he was happy to oblige .
During our one and a half hour conversation , we talked in earnest about Sweeney 's early programming days , the story behind ZZT , the origins of Epic , the '90s shareware business , and even a bit about the future as well :
The Early Years
Where did you grow up , and where were you born ?
Tim Sweeney : I grew up in Maryland in a little town called Potomac .
It 's where my parents live .
My father started out working for the government .
He worked for the Defense Mapping Agency creating maps from satellite imagery long before that was commonplace .
Do you mind if I ask you when you were born ?
TS : 1970 .
That makes me 38 now .
Scary .
That 's really old .
For a long time -- this shows how old Epic is -- I was a really young guy running a game company .
That was kind of unusual .
The funny thing , though , is you see that happening throughout the whole industry .
People really started getting into game development in a big way in the early - mid 1990s , so the industry 's grown that much older .
Everybody 's growing up together .
TS : Yeah .
Back then , your typical developer was in his twenties ; now , he 's in his thirties .
Most developers have a family -- wife and kids -- so the industry 's really changed a lot .
What was the first computer you ever used ?
TS : I started out with an Apple II .
Which was a good computer to learn with because it had absolutely no hardware accelerated graphics or anything like that .
It was just a little 6502 processor , so you had to do absolutely everything yourself .
Of course , you learned things the hard way , and you basically learned about computer science rather than " how to use a Commodore 64 light - blinking flashing effect . "
Did you program assembly on that , or did you just stick to BASIC ?
TS : I started out with BASIC and then I learned machine language .
I did n't know assemblers existed at that point , so I just learned the hex op codes and typed them into the little debugger manually .
I 'd write some fairly complicated assembly programs , manually assembled .
That was a crazy time .
A lot of game developers actually started out that way .
When I was out at Richard Garriott 's new start - up , which is now NCSoft Austin , he had an Apple II sitting out , so we 're like , " Oh wow ! " I sat down , and I could still type the crazy assembly codes into it .
Yeah .
That was my first computer as well -- an Apple II +.
It was already pretty old when I got it , but I learned how to program BASIC on it .
TS : The great thing about that computer -- I just bought one about a year ago to go back and use it .
The thing that strikes me is the first thing that starts up when you boot it .
You 're in a programming language .
Try to find a programming language in Windows .
Your computer 's a million times faster , but you can't do a damn thing with it .
What was the first video game or computer game you remember playing ?
TS : I used to play the early arcade games .
You know , there 's Pac - Man , Defender ... there 's this one I was addicted to for a while , Space Firebird .
It was this little Galaxian - style game with a bunch of things flying around .
I was never really a serious gamer that way , but I 'd go to the arcades a lot and play them .
I guess when I was about eight or nine , the Atari 2600 came out , and it was a really sucky game machine .
It was obvious even at the time that it was sucky relative to what the arcades could do .
It was disappointing .
After that , I got the Apple II , and I really missed out on all of the game consoles after that .
I missed out on the early Nintendo and Sega Genesis .
I ended up basically being a generation ahead of CliffyB -- you know , the guys who got into computers and did gaming the computer route rather than going into the game consoles .
You end up with a very different perspective that way .
Sounds like it .
So you started programming on the Apple II .
Did you move on from there to a PC ?
TS : I got a PC in 1989 .
The Apple II is a great machine , but the problem was that , by the late 1980s , there was really no market around it anymore .
There were n't games being actively developed , all of the bulletin board systems and developer forums had moved on to IBM - based development .
I moved , kinda begrudgingly , ' cause it was a pretty complicated and messy machine at the time , you know , with DOS and early Windows .
I got that in 1989 ; I started writing random little programs for it .
I 'd written maybe several hundred programs for the Apple , including maybe fifty little games .
Some of them were pretty extensive , but I 'd never released anything until ZZT , which I started in 1990 and then released in early 1991 sometime .
Zeeshan Zafar
BBC Urdu , Islamabad
Farman Ali : happy to be back at work
Men who have fled the fighting in the Swat valley between the Pakistani military and the Taliban have little to cheer them .
They have left their homes , lost their jobs and gone though the ordeal of becoming displaced people in their own country
But some have found freedom to pursue their profession only after arriving in camps set up to provide people fleeing the fighting food and shelter .
These people are the barbers who were banned from shaving off people 's beards by the Taliban .
There are about seven barbers in Rangmala , a camp for displaced people which is a couple of kilometres from Malakand Top .
Although they want to go back home once the Taliban have gone they are relishing the chance to work without being threatened .
Shaukat Ali came to the camp from Mingora .
I am one of the few people in the camp that can earn some money
Shukat Ali , a barber
On Sunday he shaved his first client for eight months .
He says that there were about 100 barber shops in Mingora and they all were ordered by the Taliban to immediately stop shaving off beards as it was un -Islamic .
Since that order , the barbers stopped shaving off beards and only trim hair .
" I am really pleased that I shaved someone 's beard off .
I am really lucky because I am one of the few people in the camp that can earn some money , " Shaukat Ali says .
Another barber , Farman Ali , used to have a shop but now he is happy just to have a chair in the open .
" The Taliban threatened to attack the barber shops and their houses if they kept shaving customers ' beards .
Before the Taliban came along with their restrictions I used to do 15 to 20 shaves a day so as soon as they took over I saw my income plummet , " says Farman Ali .
He said that almost all the barbers have moved out of Mingora and that although he can work in freedom in the camp and earns 100 rupees a day there , he is longing to return home and work there .
One man from Mingora said that he was having his first shave by a barber for a year .
" I used to shave at home but the luxury of having one 's beard shaved by a barber is completely different . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
At the DUI Defense and Criminal Defense law firm of John W. Callahan , Ltd. , we take pride in the fact that we treat every client as if they are our only client .
The personal attention and 24 hour availability for our clients to contact us reflects our deep , personal commitment to giving our clients the best fight to beat their case .
Are you stressed about being arrested by the police or has a family member been arrested for a DUI or charged with a criminal sex crime ?
Challenges that other lawyers may consider too intimidating to overcome are something we welcome .
We have overcome impossible odds before in winning felony jury trials on sex cases and we are ready to do it again ; from felony sex charges to misdemeanor DUI .
Over and over again , we obtain successful results for our clients in DUI charges and criminal matters due to the hard work and attention to detail that each case requires .
It is this attention to detail that enables us to beat cases that other lawyers found unbeatable .
From the moment you meet with us about your DUI arrest , criminal drug charge or felony sex investigation , we look at the details of every report and we will subpoena records to try to minimize damage and ease your burden .
We offer free consultations so if you have been arrested or if you are being investigated for a criminal offense , call us at 1-877-335-6697 to speak with an experienced criminal defense trial attorney each of whom have between 15 - 20 years of experience handling criminal matters .
You can also e-mail us us or use our contact form on this page to get a quick reply .
DUI Charge - Drug Charges - Sex Crime Investigation
If you or a family member has been charged with a crime such as driving under the influence of alcohol , a drug charge or sex investigation relating to alleged improper contact or illegal pornography , you need answers fast .
We pride ourselves on answering calls anytime during the week and on weekends as the need arises .
When you need help , call us right away !
We will talk with you about your case on the phone and the initial office consultation is free so it is important to get experienced criminal defense advice right away .
Over the course of the past 20 years , we have made a point of rising above difficult challenges and beating criminal charges for our clients .
Along the way , we have gained a wide range of accolades , experiences and accomplishments , including yearly client satisfaction awards as well as numerous satisfied clients who shower us with five star reviews on an almost weekly basis .
From this family photo in St Louis ...
A couple from the United States got a shock when they learned their family photo was being used , unauthorised , on an advertising poster in Prague .
Danielle and Jeff Smith used the photo as their Christmas card , and also posted it on an internet blog .
A friend travelling in the Czech capital alerted them when he spotted the Smiths smiling at him , life - size , from a poster in a supermarket .
The owner of the shop has promised to remove the image .
... to a supermarket advertising poster in Prague
" It 's a life - size picture in a grocery store window in Prague - my Christmas card photo ! " said a startled Ms Smith , 36 , who lives in a suburb of St Louis .
Mario Bertuccio , whose Grazie shop specialises in Italian food imports , said that he thought the image had been computer - generated .
He used it to advertise his shop 's grocery delivery service .
When told that it showed a real family , he took steps to remove it .
" We 'll be happy to write an e-mail with our apology , " said Mr Bertuccio , adding that if the family had lived locally , he would have offered them a bottle of wine .
The Smiths and the photographer who took the picture , Gina Kelly , say that no permission was sought or given for the photograph to be used .
They said they would add a watermark to any family photos they post in the future .
WASHINGTON --
In another sign of Democratic unease with President Barack Obama 's plans to close the Guantanamo Bay prison , the Senate Wednesday evening approved 92 - 3 a Republican amendment requiring the administration to provide Congress with a " threat assessment " of each detainee , describing the likelihood the inmate would rejoin a terrorist group if released and what efforts Al Qaeda might make to recruit him .
The overwhelming vote came despite an impassioned speech by Sen. Dick Durbin ( D. , Ill. ) , the second - ranking Democrat , ...
SACRAMENTO -- A Sacramento man is facing a three - year prison term for stealing Lance Armstrong 's bicycle while the seven - time Tour de France winner was competing in California .
Sacramento County court documents show 40 - year - old Lee Crider is scheduled to be sentenced Monday for burglary and theft .
He pleaded no contest June 1 to stealing Armstrong 's time trial bike and two other bikes from a trailer after the Sacramento prologue to the Tour of California in February .
Another man , 33 - year - old Dung Hoang Le of Elk Grove , pleaded no contest June 1 to receiving stolen property .
He has been sentenced to 90 days in jail , to be served on the sheriff 's work project , and three years ' probation .
A police report says he bought Armstrong 's $ 10,000 bike , a Trek Livestrong 1274 , from Crider for $ 200 .
He later turned it in to police .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
BEIJING ( AP )  China 's Defense Ministry is demanding that the U.S. Navy end surveillance missions off China 's southern coast following a weekend confrontation between an American vessel and Chinese ships .
In its first public comment on the issue , the ministry has repeated earlier Chinese statements that the unarmed U.S. ship was operating illegally inside China 's exclusive economic zone .
MORE : Bad parallels seen in Chinese naval clash Ministry spokesman Huang Xueping said in a statement faxed Thursday to reporters that , " The Chinese side 's carrying out of routine enforcement and safeguarding measures within its exclusive economic zone was entirely appropriate and legal . "
Huang said : " We demand the United States respect our legal interests and security concerns , and take effective measures to prevent a recurrence of such incidents . "
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Where do your emotions come from ?
Some people are under the assumption that your emotions come from your thoughts .
That would be wrong .
It is a bit more involved than that .
It ’s not just what we think about , or put our attention on that determines our emotions .
Contrary to some current self - help philosophy , your emotions do n’t come just from your thoughts .
Ever listen to a comedian tell a tragic story in a funny way ?
Comedians can talk about their relationship breakups , economic collapse , and war , in a way that makes us laugh about it .
They get us to think about tragedies and laugh with joyful emotions about them .
There is obviously something more than thoughts or subject matter to creating emotions .
Something in their point of view affects the emotions we create .
In other moments , we can think about a relationship break up , economic challenges , and that same war , and it is not funny at all .
We quickly feel sadness , anger , injustice , and despair .
If we believe that it is just our thoughts or what we put our attention on that create emotions , then we ’ve accepted a simple answer and given up on the truth .
Understanding Emotions
Let ’s begin with the obvious that people often overlook .
You create your emotions .
I say this is overlooked because people often say or think things like , “ He makes me angry , ” “ That is sad , ” or “ She makes me happy . ”
Listen to this type of talk , and it sounds like other people and circumstances are creating your emotions .
There is no mention of you being responsible for any part of the process .
Believing these kinds of thoughts or comments causes us to overlook our role in creating emotions .
If someone is angry and scolds us we might feel fear or guilt .
Fear and guilt are our reactions to them and their expression of anger .
If they were making us feel emotions , we ’d feel their anger .
We do n’t .
We feel the emotions we create as a reaction to them .
For the most part we generate our emotions , and then we feel them .
There are emotions that we can feel that are not created by us , but this is a small percentage and best dealt with later .
How we create the emotions we feel requires a bit more introspection to understand .
Point of View has affects our Emotions
Having a thought in the mind is not enough to create an emotion .
We also have to consider the point of view used to observe the thought .
A comedian has a perspective of humor about tragic events that can makes us laugh when we see it from their perspective .
A politician will talk about the same situation of war or conflict with a point of view that invokes a feeling of patriotism or righteousness .
A person in a victim point of view can view the same material and fill him or her self with sadness .
The point of view that you perceive events or your thoughts from affects the emotions you create .
It ’s not just what you are thinking about , it is the point of view you think about it from that has an impact .
Depending on your point of view you will make different interpretations and believe different assumptions .
Believing these interpretations and assumptions form beliefs , or activate existing beliefs .
These related beliefs also have an impact on which emotions you create and how strong they are .
Where do emotions get their power ?
Emotions can be a powerful form of energy , or power .
That energy , or power , has to come from somewhere .
The force that powers your emotions is faith .
Faith is a type of personal power that turns a thought into a belief .
A thought has no power , but a belief has the power of your faith .
Everyone has faith and exercises their power of faith in some way or another .
Some people put their faith in a religious or spiritual understanding of God .
Atheists put their faith in the belief that there is n’t a God .
Some people put a lot of faith in scientific evidence .
The power to believe in something is a power that everyone has .
When you invest faith in a thought it becomes empowered and can generate emotions .
The more faith you put into an idea or thought , the more emotions you create .
If you have only a little faith in a thought or interpretation , then your emotions , or emotional reactions will be mild .
When you retract your investment of faith from a belief it returns to being just a thought and you no longer have an emotional reaction to it .
As I said earlier , not all emotions we feel require that we have a certain point of view , or faith in an idea , , , just most of them .
There are emotions that we can feel that come from our natural response to experience .
A real physical threat can cause us to feel genuine fight or flight fear .
Perceiving something beautiful like a symphony , nature , or a sunset , can cause us to respond with genuine love and gratitude .
Natural emotional responses to experiences are some of the other sources of emotions we feel .
Where do Emotions Come From ?
Thoughts are n’t enough to create emotions .
We can have some thoughts pass through our mind and find them funny at times .
Later , when we are looking at things from a different point of view , we feel differently about the same thing .
The most embarrassing moment in high school is the worst nightmare of our lives that week .
From the larger perspective of time , twenty years later , it becomes a source of joyful laughter .
The history of the event is the same after 20 years .
However , our perspective has changed over that time , and therefore so does our emotions .
The quality of the emotion in terms of pleasure , or pain , that you create depends greatly on your point of view .
The intensity of the emotions you create in that moment will depend on how much faith you have invested in the beliefs and assumptions supporting that thought .
Faith in certain beliefs is the source of power behind your emotions .
Recover your faith from the beliefs you have around a thought , and you can change the emotions you feel .
Emotions stemming from our thoughts are a product of our point of view , underlying beliefs , and how much power we ’ve put into them in the form of faith .
If you are attempting to change your emotional state by changing only your thoughts , you are not going to have much success .
Attempting to change emotions without changing your point of view , underlying assumptions , or investment of faith is likely to fail .
That would be like building a chair with one leg and expecting it to support you .
If you intend to change your emotional state , emotional reactions , and develop more happiness in your life , you will have to develop skills in changing point of view and recovering your faith from your false beliefs .
Exercises for learning both of these skills are included in the Self Mastery Courses .
New Diablo 3 media released today brings about the return of the Fallen , the lowly red devils from previous Diablo titles .
Three new screen shots and a video showing the red devil like “ fallen ” from the first two Diablo games .
These small cowardly demonic imps are common in the world and come in several varieties varieties .
Imps , Shamans , Lunatics and Overseers .
The Lunatics are the bloated oversized fallen and Overseers can usually been seen driving their smaller brethren into battle with leaping and frenzied growling .
Sometimes they ’ll use slobbering hounds as guard creatures .
SAN JOSE , Costa Rica ( Reuters ) - Costa Rica ’s Health Ministry said a 53 - year - old man died on Saturday infected with the new H1N1 flu strain , the fourth country to report a death of someone ill with the virus that has sickened more than 4,200 people around the world .
The man also had diabetes and asthma , Maria Trejos , a spokeswoman for the Health Ministry , told Reuters .
Doctors at the Health Ministry said they would have to wait for autopsy results to determine if the death was from the flu or complications caused by his other health problems .
“ His case was confirmed by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , ” Trejos said , adding the Central American country now had eight confirmed cases of the swine flu strain , including the man who died .
The flu strain , which combines swine , human and bird elements , has killed 48 people in Mexico , two in the United States and one in Canada .
The Costa Rican man had not traveled recently to Mexico but the country ’s main daily newspaper , La Nacion , reported he was a musician who came into contact with crowds .
He was treated with anti-viral medicine after being hospitalized with severe flu - like symptoms more than a week ago but the medicine was not able to save his life , Daniel Salas , another Health Ministry spokesman said .
The seven other people sick with the flu - three children and four adults -- were treated successfully , La Nacion reported .
In Mexico , health officials said diabetes was associated with many of the victims , as were cardiovascular problems such as angina and high blood pressure .
Those conditions can raise the risk of death from seasonal influenza , which kills 250,000 to 500,000 people every year globally and 36,000 in the United States alone .
Network speed overview with netpipe and graphviz
So , you think that your network is slow .
But , how would you test that ?
You can feel that speed between different hosts is different , but what you need some data to find problem .
Here is my take on this ...
First , select subset of machines to test network speed on and install netpipe - tcp .
Then run NPtcp on target machines and NPtcp -h hostname -u 1048576 -o /tmp/hostname.np on machine from which you are testing bandwidth .
Several iterations later , you will have a bunch of *.np files which are ready for analysis .
You can do it by hand , but this handy perl script will convert *.np files into graphviz 's dot file .
Which looks like this :
GraphViz will make it 's auto - layout magic and just looking at picture you will immediately notice that there are 100 M bit /s link somewhere in - between machines ...
Pictures can really replace thousands of words ...
Advertisements
Today on his radio show Glenn Beck backed away from the tea party protests , by claiming that he did n’t promote the tea parties , he just went to one .
He then blamed CNBC ’s Rick Santelli for founding the movement .
Here is the audio of Beck courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Beck claims that he was hammered by listeners for going to a tax party , and does n’t understand how he was driving them ?
In the eight days before the protests , Beck did 5 in show promos , 1 segment on his Fox News show , and 3 commercials for the gathering in Texas , that he hosted .
He was n’t sitting on the sidelines covering it .
He was on stage talking to crowd , and emceeing the event .
Maybe Beck has multiple personality disorder ?
Radio Glenn
Beck was just attending the protest .
Television Glenn Beck was the promoter .
Radio Glenn must have had no idea what TV Glenn was doing .
This is more evidence of how quickly the right wing is trying to bury yesterday ’s low turnout .
Beck ’s erroneous remarks give me a chance to clear something up .
The tea party concept did not start with Rick Santelli .
They began with the Ron Paul campaign in 2007 , but since mainstream Republicans have nothing but contempt for Dr. Paul , who is one of the few Republicans with any integrity , they reinvented history and gave the credit to Santelli .
Yesterday , the Campaign for Liberty welcomed the GOP into “ their movement . ”
The problem is that they did n’t join Rep .
Paul ’s movement .
They hijacked it .
The post that Beck was criticizing that he claimed did n’t have a byline is by Brandon Friedman and is running on the Huffington Post .
I know this because it says so in the byline .
Beck is upset because in his piece Friedman associated the views of Beck and Michele Malkin with militia members .
Republicans wanted this to be seen as a mainstream movement , not a kooky get together .
They consider Ron Paul and his supporters kooks which is why they were never mentioned .
Since their gatherings yesterday did come off looking like lonely fringe conventions , Beck feels compelled to back away and blame Santelli , who did n’t even attend a tea party , because he said that he had to work , which makes me wonder if those who did show up had jobs , or are they living off the same government money that they were protesting against ?
The Republican Party has no soul , so it tried to steal one , but in the end the protests lacked sincerity and a point .
In this way , they mirrored the current empty state of the GOP .
To quote George Elliot : “ That quiet mutual gaze of a trusting husband and wife is like the first moment of rest or refuge from a great weariness or a great danger . ”
Locking eyes with a loved one triggers a powerful hormonal response , in particular the release of the hormone oxytocin .
The more oxytocin absorbed by receptors in your brain , the more trusting , attached , and calm you ’ll feel .
Have no trusting partner with whom to share that “ quiet mutual gaze ” ?
Not to worry : a new study led by biologist Miho Nagasawa at Azabu University in Japan has found that much of the same benefit can be gained from your pet dog .
Yes , dogs have been found to increase their owners ’ oxytocin levels much in the same way that close human companions do .
Nagasawa and his colleagues measured urinary oxytocin concentrations from 55 owners ( male and female ) just before and twenty minutes after interacting with their dogs .
The owners were divided into two groups : those whose dogs gazed at them frequently and extensively ( ~150 seconds per gaze ) during the half - hour interaction , and those whose dogs made less eye contact ( < 50 seconds ) .
In a control experiment , the owners were forbidden to look at their dogs while interacting with them .
Owners who made extended eye contact with their dogs had significantly higher oxytocin levels in their urine after the experiment than beforehand .
Owners who only made brief eye contact with their dog during the interaction did n’t have much of an oxytocin surge .
Nor did any of the owners when they were n’t allowed to make eye contact with their pets .
Duration of ownership and the gender of the owner and dog were ruled out as significant factors .
Oxytocin , conclude the researchers , works just as well for inter-species bonding as it does human bonding .
A mutual gaze triggers semiautomatic attachment behavior , and it ’s not limited to lovers and babies .
The owner perceives an emotion in the animal ’s gaze and anthropomorphically interprets it as mutual attachment .
When the eye lock is extended and nonthreatening , we ’re hardwired to reciprocate in kind ( which , as I detail in BLONDES , is why it works so well for lovers ) .
Oxytocin facilitates this bonding effect — and the owner feels emotionally closer and satisfied by the pet in the same way he or she might in a human relationship .
Do dogs get the same oxytocin rush from gazing at their human companion ?
It ’s unclear .
While humans gaze at their pets to fill their hearts and souls , our pets might gaze back to fill their stomachs or to establish dominance .
But I ’m not completely cynical .
I have a precious Siamese cat who has been my companion since I was a teenager .
She has chronic renal failure now .
One of her eyes is a milky gray , the result of a cataract and luxated lens that the vet does n’t want to fix .
She rests on my lap as I write .
Once in a while she picks up her head and gazes at me with her one blue eye , and I know she loves me too .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Iranian riot police and militiamen appear to have put a halt to protests in the capital , after days of clashes over a disputed presidential election .
Residents say the city is quiet , though opposition supporters have called for a day of mourning for those killed during the protests .
One of the three defeated candidates , Mohsen Rezai , a conservative , has now withdrawn his complaint about the poll .
Barack Obama has condemned the " unjust " violence used against protesters .
The Iranian authorities have accused Britain and the US of trying to destabilise the country , something they have denied .
IRAN UNREST
12 June Presidential election saw incumbent Mahmoud Ahmadinejad re-elected with 63 % of vote Main challenger Mir Hossein Mousavi called for result to be annulled on grounds of electoral fraud Street protests saw at least 17 people killed and foreign media restricted
Q&A : Election aftermath How Iran is ruled
Who 's who in Iran Iranian foreign minister Manouchehr Mottaki said Iran was " reviewing " whether to downgrade relations with the UK , the semi-official news agency Isna reported .
The UK moved to expel two Iranian diplomats in response to Tehran 's decision to order two UK diplomats to leave Iran following allegations UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown called " absolutely without foundation " .
Meanwhile , reports say four Iranian footballers who appeared to show solidarity with the protesters have been punished with bans .
The pro-government Iran Daily newspaper said four of the six players who wore green wristbands during a World Cup qualifier against South Korea in Seoul had been retired from the national team .
Street clashes
In the 12 days since the 12 June election , which saw incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad returned with 63 % of the vote , opposition supporters have repeatedly clashed with police on the streets of Tehran .
Mohsen Rezai , a former leader of the Revolutionary Guards , said he had withdrawn his complaints about the vote in the interests of Iran 's national security .
" I see it as my responsibility to encourage myself and others to control the current situation , " Mr Rezai was quoted as saying in a letter to the Guardian Council .
He had previously claimed to have won more votes than the official tally , which placed him third in the poll .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Amid ongoing restrictions on media , Western media outlets reported that 25 journalists and other staff at a newspaper owned by Mir Hossein Mousavi , the main challenger to President Ahmadinejad , had been arrested .
AFP quoted one of the Kalemeh Sabz 's editors saying that five women staff members had been released .
The paper , launched in the run-up to the election , has already been shut down by authorities .
On Tuesday , President Obama used his starkest language yet to strongly condemn Iran 's clamping down on election protests .
He said he respected Iran 's sovereignty and it was " patently false " of Iran to say the West was fomenting the unrest .
Earlier on Tuesday , the opposition was told by Iran 's Guardian Council , the legislative body for elections , that the presidential election result would not be annulled .
Guardian Council spokesman Abbas Ali Kadkhoda 'i said there had been " no major fraud or breach in the election " .
But Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei later agreed to extend by five days the amount of time allowed to examine complaints of electoral fraud .
The remaining two candidates have called for the elections to be re-run , amid claims of vote tampering .
Flags were burnt outside the British embassy in Iran Opposition candidate Mehdi Karroubi has urged Iranians to mourn for dead protesters on Thursday .
His call echoed an earlier one from cleric Grand Ayatollah Hossein Ali Montazeri for three days of national mourning for those killed in the street protests .
On Friday , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei banned protests , prompting street violence in which at least 10 people died .
Severe reporting restrictions placed on the BBC and other foreign media in Iran mean protest reports cannot be verified independently as correspondents are unable to move around the city freely or cover unauthorised gatherings .
Are you in Iran ?
What do you think of the current situation ?
Are you taking part in the demonstrations ?
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The first meeting of the TC Lispers group was a big success , IMO .
I was figuring on an attendance near 20 .
My estimate is that it was really right around 40 .
That left us a little cramped in the meeting room at the Cafe , but we managed .
We also lost the room before the presentation portion of the meeting was completely done , so there was n’t much time for mingling .
Actually , there was apparently a patio where people mingled afterward .
I did n’t see this and took off too early .
Mea culpa .
The presentation at this first meeting was on NST ( not an abbreviation or acronym , but a sound effect / unsst / ) which is a testing framework for Common Lisp .
John Maraist did the presentation .
He was a lively presenter , definitely had a good grasp on some dark corners of Lisp ( like exactly what ’s involved in the underbelly of MOP ) .
Being a Haskell hacker though , he had some strange opinion that Lisp would be better if only it had strong typing .
Well , what can you do ?
I mean , it ’s not like he kicks puppies , I suppose .
8 ^ )
It was great to see so many Lispers at so many levels there .
About six or seven folks worked at Honeywell at some point in the past .
Apparently , Honeywell had lots of Lisp development at one point .
Who knew ?
About six or seven folks ( overlapping a bit with the previous group ) currently work at SIFT .
There were some University students , a University teacher , some Ruby folks who wanted to see what Lisp was all about , some Lisp hobbyists , some independent consultants , some folks who can get Lisp in under the radar in their jobs , and on and on .
The next meeting is going to be 6 pm on Tuesday , July 14th at the Common Roots cafe on 26th and Lyndale in Minneapolis .
The topic is not quite set yet , but it seems like it might be a series of short talks on introductory aspects of Lisp .
There ’s much discussion going on on the mailing list about finding a bigger venue for August and onward .
There ’s much discussion about exact topics for next month ’s meeting .
If you ’re able to make it to the Twin Cities on a Tuesday evening , mark your calendars and come on out .
( assert ( > = tclispers - meeting +fun + ) )
LONDON , June 26 ( Reuters ) - Former U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said on Friday that inflation poses a major threat to long - term economic recovery and its threat must be confronted .
“ Excess capacity is temporarily suppressing global prices .
But I see inflation as the greater future challenge , ” he wrote in London ’s Financial Times .
“ If political pressures prevent central banks from reining in their inflated balance sheets in a timely manner , statistical analysis suggests the emergence of inflation by 2012 .
“ Earlier if markets anticipate a prolonged period of elevated money supply . ”
His comments come after the Fed said on Thursday it would stick to its programme of buying government and mortgage debt and that it saw signs that the deep U.S. recession was easing .
It also said it expected inflation to remain subdued for some time .
Greenspan said the need for governments to finance large fiscal deficits over the next few years could lead to political pressure on central banks to print money to buy much of the new debt .
Meanwhile , government spending commitments over the next decade were “ staggering . ”
“ Historically , the U.S. , to limit the likelihood of destructive inflation , relied on a large buffer between the level of federal debt and rough measures of total borrowing capacity , ” he said .
“ Current debt issuance projections will surely place America precariously close to that notional borrowing ceiling . ”
He said inflation fears may soon be factored into longer - term U.S. government bond yields or interest rates .
“ The U.S. is faced with the choice of either paring back its budget deficits and monetary base as soon as the current risks of deflation dissipate , or setting the stage for a potential upsurge in inflation . ”
Apart from the inflation risk , Greenspan said another potential danger in current U.S. fiscal policy was the funding of the economy through public sector debt .
“ For the best chance for worldwide economic growth we must continue to rely on private market forces to allocate capital and other resources , ” he wrote .
“ The alternative of political allocation of resources has been tried ; and it failed . ” ( Reporting by Michael Holden ; Editing by Gary Hill )
( CNN ) --
A teenager is being held on 19 counts of animal cruelty linked to a month - long killing spree of pet cats in the Miami area , police said .
Tyler Hayes Weinman , 18 , was charged with 19 counts of animal cruelty in Miami , Florida , on Monday .
Tyler Hayes Weinman , 18 , also is charged with 19 counts of improper disposal of dead animals and four counts of burglary , police said .
Weinman lives in Cutler Bay and has lived with his parents in Palmetto Bay , the two towns where police said 19 cats were mutilated and killed .
Pet owners and police began discovering disfigured cats May 13 .
One pet owner , Donna Gleason , said her family cat , Tommy , was " partially skinned " and left dead in her yard .
Police said 34 cats have been found dead in the towns , but only 19 mutilated cats could be linked to a serial killer .
Police confirmed that some of the cats were killed by dogs , said Maj. Julie Miller of Cutler Bay police .
Weinman , who works odd jobs but spends most of his time at home and unemployed , had been a person of interest for several weeks , Miller said .
He was arrested Saturday .
Watch the teen suspect 's first court appearance »
The police are looking into whether any people Weinman associates with might have been accomplices in the killings .
Weinman 's sealed juvenile record includes two prior offenses , Miller said .
He could face a maximum of 158 years in state prison if convicted on all counts , said Terry Shavez , spokeswoman for the state attorney 's office .
The mayor of Cutler Bay referred to the string of feline attacks as a " plague in South Miami - Dade . "
" The cruelty of these crimes were horrific for the animal victims , but there were many human victims as well , " Mayor Paul Vrooman said .
" Let 's not forget the children and the families who found their pets mutilated .
These awful scenes inflicted a human toll . "
All About Animal Cruelty • Miami • Crime
Young Americans Losing Their Religion
New research finds number who say they have no church has risen sharply .
May 6 , 2009  --
New research shows young Americans are dramatically less likely to go to church -- or to participate in any form of organized religion -- than their parents and grandparents .
" It 's a huge change , " says Harvard University professor Robert Putnam , who conducted the research .
Historically , the percentage of Americans who said they had no religious affiliation ( pollsters refer to this group as the " nones " ) has been very small -- hovering between 5 percent and 10 percent .
However , Putnam says the percentage of " nones " has now skyrocketed to between 30 percent and 40 percent among younger Americans .
Putnam calls this a " stunning development . "
He gave reporters a first glimpse of his data Tuesday at a conference on religion organized by the Pew Forum on Faith in Public Life .
The research will be included in a forthcoming book , called " American Grace . "
This trend started in the 1990s and continues through today .
It includes people in both Generation X and Y .
While these young " nones " may not belong to a church , they are not necessarily atheists .
" Many of them are people who would otherwise be in church , " Putnam said .
" They have the same attitidues and values as people who are in church , but they grew up in a period in which being religious meant being politically conservative , especially on social issues . "
Putnam says that in the past two decades , many young people began to view organized religion as a source of " intolerance and rigidity and doctrinaire political views , " and therefore stopped going to church .
This movement away from organized religion , says Putnam , may have enormous consequences for American culture and politics for years to come .
" That is the future of America , " he says .
" Their views and their habits religiously are going to persist and have a huge effect on the future . "
This data is likely to reinvigorate an already heated debate about whether America is , or will continue to be , a " Christian nation . "
A recent Newsweek cover article , entitled " The End of Christian America " provoked responses from religious thinkers all over the spectrum .
Research Finds Churchgoers More Likely to Vote
Putnam , author of the book " Bowling Alone , " which tracked the decline in civic and community engagement in America ( exemplified by the diminution of bowling leagues ) , fears the reduction in religiosity could have widespread negative impacts .
His research shows that people who go to church are much more likely to vote , volunteer and give to charity .
However , he says , it 's possible that the current spike in young people opting out of organized religion could also prove to be an opportunity for some .
" America historically has been a very inventive and even entrepreneurial place in terms of religion , " he says .
" We 're all the time inventing new religions and reinventing religions that we have .
It 's partly because we have a free market in religion .
That is , we do n't have a state church . "
Given that today 's young " nones " probably would be in church if they did n't associate religion with far - right political views , he says , new faith groups may evolve to serve them .
" Jesus said , ' Be fishers of men , ' " says Putnam , " and there 's this pool with a lot of fish in it and no fishermen right now . "
In the end , he says , this " stunning " trend of young people becoming less religious could lead to America 's next great burst of religious innovation .
College student Jeffrey Beaumont returns to his idyllic hometown of Lumberton to manage his father 's hardware store while his father is hospitalized .
Walking though a grassy meadow near the family home , Jeffrey finds a severed human ear .
After an initial investigation , lead police Detective John Williams advises Jeffrey not to speak to anyone about the case as they investigate further .
Detective Williams also tells Jeffrey that he cannot divulge any information about what the police know .
Detective Williams ' high school aged daughter , Sandy Williams , tells Jeffrey what she knows about the case from overhearing her father 's private conversations on the matter : that it has to do with a nightclub singer named Dorothy Vallens , who lives in an older apartment building near the Beaumont home .
His curiosity getting the better of him , Jeffrey , with Sandy 's help , decides to find out more about the woman at the center of the case by breaking into Dorothy 's apartment while he knows she 's at work .
.. Written by Huggo
( CNN ) -- Lawmakers voted in favor of same - sex marriage in New Hampshire and Maine on Wednesday , leaving Rhode Island as the only other New England state without legislation in favor of the issue .
Maine Gov. John Baldacci signed a bill Wednesday legalizing same - sex marriage .
Maine Gov. John Baldacci signed his state 's same - sex marriage bill less than an hour after the legislature approved it .
" I have come to believe that this is a question of fairness and of equal protection under the law , and that a civil union is not equal to civil marriage , " Baldacci , a Democrat , said in a statement released as he signed the bill .
But he raised the possibility that the citizens of the state would overturn the law , saying : " Just as the Maine Constitution demands that all people are treated equally under the law , it also guarantees that the ultimate political power in the state belongs to the people . "
It was not immediately clear whether New Hampshire Gov. John Lynch , a Democrat who has questioned the need for such legislation , would sign the bill passed Wednesday by the legislature in his state .
Lynch said last week he did not think the law is necessary because the state already recognizes civil unions .
If he does sign , his state will join New England neighbors Maine , Vermont , Connecticut and Massachusetts , which all have laws approving same - sex marriages .
That would leave Rhode Island , which has same - sex marriage bills pending in its general assembly .
Iowa is the only other state that allows same - sex marriages , after the Iowa state Supreme Court ruled unanimously on April 3 that it is illegal to discriminate against same - sex couples by denying them the right to marry .
The first gay marriages in the state took place April 27 .
California 's state Supreme Court issued a similar ruling in May 2008 , after which some 18,000 gay and lesbian couples got married there .
But California voters in November approved Proposition 8 , which amended the state constitution to ban gay marriage .
See which states allow same - sex unions »
The state 's high court heard arguments earlier this year about whether Proposition 8 was itself constitutional , but it has not yet issued a verdict .
New York Gov. David Paterson introduced legislation in April to make same - sex marriage legal in his state .
A similar bill died in the state Senate in 2007 .
The District of Columbia voted Tuesday to recognize same - sex marriages performed elsewhere , but does not itself give marriage licenses to gay or lesbian couples .
In New Hampshire , the House voted 178 - 167 in favor of the legislation Wednesday after the Senate approved an amended version of the House 's original bill last week .
The amended version distinguishes between civil and religious marriage .
It allows each religion to decide whether to acknowledge same - sex marriage , but extends the option of civil marriage to any two individuals .
Meanwhile , the Human Rights Campaign , a gay and lesbian rights organization , praised Maine 's new law .
" This law is simply about making sure that loving , committed couples , and their families , receive equal rights and responsibilities .
This is a step that will strengthen Maine families , " Human Rights Campaign President Joe Solmonese said in a written statement .
A slim majority of Americans are against legal recognition for same - sex marriage , CNN polling found last month .
Fifty - four percent of adults questioned in an April 23 - 26 nationwide CNN / Opinion Research Corporation poll said marriages between gay or lesbian couples should not be recognized as valid , while 44 percent said they should be considered legal .
But there was a huge gap between the opinions of younger and older people , with younger people far more likely to approve of gay marriage .
Nearly 6 in 10 people ages 18 to 34 said same - sex marriages should be legal .
Just over 4 in 10 people ages 35 to 49 agreed .
Numbers were similar for 50 - to 64 - year olds , while only 24 percent of people 65 and older agreed .
The survey 's sampling error was plus or minus 3 percentage points .
All About Maine • Same - Sex Marriage
Eli Lilly CEO
John Lechleiter waded into the debate over a public health - insurance plan , saying today that such an option would create a " slippery slope " toward a day when all or most Americans would have government coverage .
Leichleiter argued , much as the health - insurance industry has , that a public plan would have a huge advantage over private insurers , which do n't have the " resources of the Treasury or the power of law to set reimbursement rates . "
In a speech before the U.S. Chamber of Commerce ( see his prepared remarks ) , he also said many employers would stop covering their workforces and send them to the public plan .
So what does this have to do with pharmaceuticals ?
Leichleiter argued that the negative outcomes with a public plan would stifle innovation in the drug industry , because the government monopoly would reduce the number of choices that patients have .
And without people making choices , drug makers would n't have the ability to gauge the real value of their products .
" We need to be able to put our innovations to the test among doctors and patients , " he said .
" This means that doctors and patients need to keep the ability to choose , in an informed way , from all of the available alternatives . "
( Private health insurers , of course , also steer patients toward one drug or the other by giving them different co-pays . )
He also argued against government negotiating with the drug industry on prices in the Medicare drug benefit -- a fear that drug makers likely have about a public plan as well .
" Market based pricing , " he said , allows the drug industry to get a " real - world assessment of the value we 're delivering . "
Advocates of government negotiation on prices believe that the government could wring lower prices out of the drug industry than insurers could .
For more of Leichleiter 's counterarguments , see his op - ed piece in this morning 's WSJ .
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) --
The employees were transfixed .
Standing on the mid-Manhattan trading floor of Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities in late 2007 , a half - dozen staffers stared up at the ceiling - mounted TV as CNBC aired a report on the mysterious Palm Beach death of a hedge fund manager who had been leading a double life .
The police , it appeared , were even considering the possibility that he had been murdered .
" Bernie , " someone casually asked as Madoff happened to walk by , " have you heard of this guy ? "
Madoff glanced at the screen , blanched , and exploded : " Why the fuck would I be interested in some shit like that ? "
The employees recoiled .
" I never saw him react like that before , " says a Madoff trader who witnessed the outburst .
" It obviously hit a nerve . "
Such a loss of control was highly out of character for the boss .
But the traders did n't know at the time that Madoff had an extraordinarily elaborate second life going on just two floors below them , one that was building toward an epic , and inevitable , explosion .
It took a special pass to get into the " back office " on 17 , where Madoff was conducting his $ 65 billion Ponzi scheme .
And even if a person could get in , there was n't much to see : an antiquated IBM computer server kept in a locked room , piles of trading statements , and a staff of about 20 paper pushers and clerks .
In retrospect , of course , there were clues , as a Fortune investigation has discovered .
The IBM server , for instance , an AS / 400 that dated from the 1980s , was so old that some data had to be keyed in by hand , yet Madoff refused to replace it .
The �machine -- which has been autopsied by the government -- was the nerve center of the fraud .
The thousands of pages of statements printed out from it showed trades that were never made .
Then there was the man who ran the floor , Frank DiPascali , Madoff 's chief deputy on 17 .
He was a 33 - year veteran of the firm , with a rough Queens accent and a high - school education , but nobody was quite sure what he did or what his title was .
" He was like a ninja , " says a former trader in the legitimate operation upstairs .
" Everyone knew he was a big deal , but he was like a shadow . "
There were other mysteries , as we shall see .
But even after it detonated five months ago in a fireworks display of betrayal and recrimination , Madoff 's scheme -- possibly the biggest investment fraud in the nation 's history -- has remained among the hardest to penetrate .
Most commonly , white - collar cases begin with a quiet , behind - the - scenes investigation , followed by a series of deals with junior employees , who are squeezed by prosecutors to cough up details about their superiors .
Step by step , the prosecutors move up .
Finally comes the denouement : the ringmaster hauled into court in handcuffs .
But with Madoff every aspect of that traditional narrative has been inverted .
The case began with his flabbergasting confession , which set off the investigation .
Madoff claimed he committed his crimes all by himself , but because they spanned decades and continents , a fog of suspicion immediately engulfed Madoff family members who worked at the firm , as well as employees and business associates .
Now that fog may be about to lift .
Fortune has learned that Frank DiPascali is trying to negotiate a plea deal with federal prosecutors in which , in exchange for a reduced sentence , he would divulge his encyclopedic knowledge of Madoff 's scheme .
And unlike his boss , DiPascali is willing to name names .
According to a person familiar with the matter , DiPascali has no evidence that other Madoff family members were participants in the fraud .
However , he is prepared to testify that he manipulated phony returns on behalf of some key Madoff investors , including Frank Avellino , who used to run a so - called feeder fund , Jeffry Picower , whose foundation had to close as a result of Madoff - related losses , and others .
If , for example , one of these special customers had large gains on other investments , he would tell DiPascali , who would fabricate a loss to reduce the tax bill .
If true , that would mean these investors knew their returns were fishy .
( Lawyers for Avellino and Picower declined to comment .
Marc Mukasey , DiPascali 's attorney , says , " We expect and encourage a thorough investigation . " )
The emergence of this potential star witness may well stand assumptions about the case on their heads :
Some people widely assumed by the public to have been involved in the fraud may not have been , and a small group of Madoff investors who appeared to be innocent victims may not have been entirely innocent after all .
But then , few things about the life of Bernie Madoff turn out to be as they seem .
A business dynasty
Before it all went to pieces , Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities appeared to be a charmed firm run by a tight clan .
People believed in Bernie .
Nasdaq made him its chairman ; the SEC appointed him to industry panels ; Congress invited him to testify .
New York Senator Charles Schumer stopped by the office in the run-up to the Iraq war and gave a rousing talk on the trading floor .
Everywhere you looked , there were signs that Madoff -- and by extension his firm -- had special status .
Bernie was even able to arrange with his friends the Wilpons , owners of the New York Mets , for staffers to play charity softball games on the field at Shea Stadium .
If Bernie was the center of the firm 's solar system , the nearest planet was his brother Peter , the head of compliance and de facto chief operating officer for the Madoffs ' original , legitimate trading business .
They were a savvy pair with a long - established dynamic .
" They were the ultimate good cop / bad cop duo , " says Christopher Keith , a former chief technology officer of the New York Stock Exchange who worked for the Madoffs on a side project ( and who acknowledges that he clashed with them ) .
Peter was the hands - on brother , the one immersed in detail , and most of all , the designated tough guy .
" Peter was like five miles of bad road , " Keith says .
Bernie 's role was to glide in at the end and make peace , says Keith , who compares him to the biblical Solomon : " He was the type of person who was sort of above the fray -- the wise man . "
Peter , now 63 , was tethered to his BlackBerry .
A lawyer by training , he was the driving force behind the firm 's technology innovations .
Though he could n't write code , he could discuss software algorithms with surprising facility .
Bernie did n't have a BlackBerry .
He did n't even use e-mail -- he could barely turn his computer on .
His PC was configured essentially just to give him financial news , says Nader Ibrahim , who used to work on the technology help desk at Madoff 's firm .
" It was set up in a manner that the computer never shut off , " Ibrahim explains .
" So the format on the screens , how his windows were set up , and everything like that would just come up the same way .
If he were to touch the stock menu and something [ unexpected ] came up in front of his system , he would get all flustered and call us . "
Bernie and Peter were the first generation of the dynasty .
The second was dominated by another set of brothers , Bernie 's sons , Mark and Andy , now 45 and 43 .
Andy was the more cerebral one , with a better understanding of complex technological issues .
But many viewed him as haughty and unapproachable , though those who know him say a kind person is concealed behind the reserved exterior .
Andy survived a bout of lymphoma a few years ago ( he is now in remission ) , and when he returned to the office , he ceased working on the firm 's original trading operation and focused on other projects , such as the Madoffs ' foray into energy trading , a business neither the company nor Bernie was involved in .
Mark was in charge of the main trading business at the time the firm collapsed .
If he did n't have his younger brother 's intellect , he had the people skills that marked him as heir to the Madoff throne .
A frat boy , he was easygoing and low - key , occasionally driving his Vespa to work from his SoHo apartment .
In his younger days , he would accompany his fellow traders to the topless bar Scores .
There was no question that the Madoffs were the firm 's royal family .
Mark and Andy worked among their colleagues on the trading floor , but they sat on a raised platform , a few feet above everybody else .
And even star employees knew that they could rise only so high .
Still , for the most part people loved working for the Madoffs -- a surprising number stayed for decades .
Bernie 's wife , Ruth , was effervescent and gracious .
She wrote lovely personal notes to employees .
Bernie himself could be charming , even compassionate .
In 2002 a rookie trader was seriously injured when he got hit by a car while training for the New York City marathon .
" I passed out and woke up in the emergency room , " the trader remembers .
When he came to , he says , " I looked to one side of my bed , and my mom and dad were there .
On the other side was Bernie . "
But Bernie was moody , and he could make people uncomfortable .
At times he would stare wordlessly into space .
One former trader remembers being at a holiday party when he noticed that Madoff was glaring at him from across the room .
And glaring .
And glaring .
" You in trouble ? " the trader 's fianc�e whispered to him when she noticed the boss 's icy gaze .
Uncomfortable , the couple left early ; they never got an explanation .
And Madoff could be less than sensitive .
One day a female trader remarked to a colleague that she'd had a nightmare about being raped , not realizing that the boss was listening behind her .
Bernie piped in : " That 's not a nightmare , that 's a fantasy . "
Bernie had his quirks , and to a startling extent they colored the firm -- quite literally when it came to the d�cor .
Virtually every piece of furniture , equipment , or decoration was black or gray .
That extended even to the pushpins in employees ' cubicles .
" Bernie had the manufacturer just send boxes of black ones , " says Bob McMahon , a former employee .
Madoff was even more obsessed , if that 's possible , with cleanliness .
Even while he was responsible for billions of dollars , it was not uncommon to see him dusting his office or the two - foot sculpture of a screw behind his desk .
One staffer recalls getting off the elevator to find Madoff , clad in one of his innumerable tailored suits , on his hands and knees in the lobby , straightening the rugs so that they were aligned perfectly .
That was Madoff 's third fixation .
Everything needed to be symmetrical and in straight lines .
When Madoff was in the office , all window blinds had to be aligned at the same height , all computer screens had to be arrayed at the same angle and position , and on and on .
So insistent was he on perfect alignment that , more than once , he dropped his trousers in the office -- startling female employees -- to ensure that the line of his shirt buttons was precisely vertical .
More than one writer has pointed out how odd it was that Madoff , a seeker of the parallel and the perpendicular , should have chosen to house his firm in the Lipstick Building , designed by Philip Johnson and John Burgee in the form of an ellipse .
The Madoff firm had 2 - 1/ 2 floors in that building .
The trading floor was on 19 , and the software programmers worked on 18 .
Employees in those parts of the firm knew there was a different , lucrative business on half of the 17th floor , but they did n't know exactly what it did .
" We were all aware of this hedge fund that had had great returns for 20 years , " recalls one trader .
" We knew it was statistically impossible [ to have the steady gains for which Madoff became famous ] .
As a collective , we always kind of wondered :
How the hell does he do it ?
Every person was curious .
But that 's where it stopped .
You 'd stop yourself from wondering .
You 'd say , There could n't be anything bad .
The Madoffs had such a name -- and such an aura . "
Mom , Dad and the SEC
Peter Madoff , a trustee of the Lower East Side Tenement Museum , wrote a line on that institution 's website about his family 's roots : " My grandparents ran a Turkish bath in the area that served as a focal point for many new immigrants of different nationalities . "
Census and marriage records show that the Madoff grandparents came to the U.S. from Poland , Romania , and Austria between 1900 and 1905 .
Bernie , when he rode through the area many decades later , would occasionally point out places where his family had lived or worked .
But though he embraced the family 's gritty immigrant success story , he avoided talking about his own parents and his more suburban upbringing .
Bernie and Peter Madoff were raised in Laurelton , a middle - class area of Queens .
Located beyond the end of the subway line on the border of Long Island 's Nassau County , Laurelton felt more like a village in those days than a part of New York City .
Families would run into each other at the local Chinese restaurant , the ice - cream parlor , and the Laurelton Jewish Center .
The Madoffs -- the parents , Ralph and Sylvia ; the boys , Bernie and Peter ; and their older sister , Sondra -- lived in a modest three - bedroom brick house with a detached garage on 228th Street , a broad , tree - lined street with a grassy median .
Little is known about the career of Ralph Madoff , and no member of the extended Madoff clan would discuss the family .
Ralph gave his occupation as " credit " on his marriage license , and one of Bernie 's high school classmates , Ed Heiberger , recalls that he " was either a stockbroker or a customer 's man " ( the latter is the equivalent of a client or account representative ) .
Years later he would work for his son Bernie 's firm .
" Ralph looked like a truck driver , " adds Joe Kavanau , an old friend of Bernie's .
" Kind of a rough - and - tumble kind of guy -- not the kind of guy you screw with . "
Ralph Madoff wrangled with the government on one occasion .
Along with three people , he owed a tax debt of $ 13,245.28 ( about $ 100,000 in today 's dollars ) that caused the IRS to place a lien on the Madoff home .
The taxes were assessed in 1956 , but the lien was not paid off until 1965 after the house was sold , suggesting that Ralph was either fighting the tax bill or unable to pay it .
Like Ralph , Sylvia had a run-in with the government .
In August 1963 , the Securities and Exchange Commission announced it was instituting proceedings to determine whether 48 broker - dealers , including " Sylvia R. Madoff [ doing business as ] Gibraltar Securities , " had " failed to file reports of their financial condition ... and if so , whether their registrations should be revoked . "
Then , in January 1964 , the SEC dismissed administrative proceedings against a number of the firms , including Madoff's , in what appeared to be a deal :
No penalties if you promise to stay out of business .
What 's mysterious is that Bernie Madoff 's childhood friends do n't recall his mother 's being involved in stocks or bonds .
For a woman to head her own securities firm in the early ' 60s was unusual .
And given that the company 's address was listed as the Madoff home in Laurelton , Bernie 's friends would seem likely to have noticed the business .
Yet they did n't and it 's impossible to know why not .
One could speculate that Ralph , his name tarnished by federal tax troubles , decided to put his wife 's name on the application to open a stock brokerage .
Either way , one of Bernie Madoff 's parents was involved in securities -- and got into trouble for it .
And according to his friend Joe Kavanau , who attended law school with Madoff ( before both dropped out ) , Madoff knew he was going to go into that line of work from a young age .
" Bernie , " he says , " was always going to have this business . "
' Cash on hand $ 200 '
Perhaps that explains why most people 's memories of the young Bernie Madoff concern his extracurricular activities rather than anything having to do with academics .
Most of them , for example , recall his side business of installing sprinkler systems , which he launched as a teenager .
" He was a very aggressive kind of kid that wanted to get ahead in life , " says his high school classmate Heiberger .
" He was a regular guy who was always hustling . "
Madoff achieved little distinction at Far Rockaway High School .
He was a lifeguard and made the swim team , specializing in the butterfly .
But even in this , he did n't excel enough to compete in individual races on a regular basis , according to the team 's co-captain , Fletcher Eberle .
Instead , Madoff swam in the team relays .
The only other activity that Madoff cited in his senior yearbook entry was " locker guard . "
This , according to classmates , was a variation on the role of hall monitor .
During a more innocent time , the mid-1950s , when fears of student misbehavior centered on truancy and pranks rather than drug use and shootings , the future Ponzi schemer was deputized by school authorities to prevent horseplay in the locker area .
One constant in high school was Ruth Alpern , Madoff 's sweetheart .
They were a couple , says Jane Kavanau , one of Ruth 's old friends , " from early high school , maybe even from when she was in eighth grade . "
Bernie was smitten by the ebullient , energetic girl who also had an excellent head for numbers .
Every morning he would pick Ruth up at home , and they would ride the train together to high school .
Madoff left home to attend college , passed a lonely semester at the University of Alabama , and then returned , according to two sources , because he was pining for Ruth .
He began commuting to what was then Hofstra College , 10 miles across the city line in Long Island .
His studies seemed almost incidental .
What mattered to him were work and family .
The day before Thanksgiving in 1959 , he married Ruth at the Laurelton Jewish Center .
Two days later he found the time to fill out an SEC application to register his own self - named broker - dealer firm .
He later appended a " financial statement " to the application .
It consisted of seven words : " Assets : Cash on hand $ 200 .
Liabilities None . "
Madoff had n't even graduated -- that came in 1960 -- and he had a tendency to get flustered or tongue - tied around people .
But he did n't lack for determination .
And he had another quality , which Joe Kavanau puts in earthy terms : " I guess the word is ' balls . ' "
The ' under - the - counter market '
Even as Madoff continued his schooling -- he spent a year at Brooklyn Law School -- he plunged into the securities business .
Six months in , he reported a single stock position : 12 shares of a company called Electronics Capital , worth a total of $ 300 .
But by the end of 1961 , his initial $ 200 stake had grown to $ 16,140 , according to his SEC disclosures -- a significant sum in those days for a firm that consisted solely of Bernie and his wife / bookkeeper , operating at first from a shared desk at her father 's accounting firm .
Madoff specialized in over - the - counter stocks , the unglamorous , mostly small - company shares that did n't trade on an exchange .
He was a wholesaler , a person who would buy and sell small - company stocks to brokers whose clients were looking to invest or to exit a position .
" In those days , " Madoff explained in a 2007 panel discussion , " over - the - counter stocks were traded always over the telephone with no automation .
So you would call a broker ; the broker would call up over the telephone any number of dealers like myself , and there were hundreds of dealers around the country that were making these markets . "
This was not the staid institutionalized world of the New York Stock Exchange .
Since they did n't trade on a centralized exchange and there was no technology to provide up - to - date prices , over - the - counter dealers could -- and did -- take all sorts of liberties with their quotes .
" A lot of people started referring to the over - the - counter market as the under - the - counter market , " said Gordon Macklin , the late president of Nasdaq , in the Wall Street history What Goes Up .
Madoff was successful from the beginning , and his capital account began mounting :
By 1967 he was reporting $ 127,517 to the SEC .
In 1969 it had reached $ 555,157 , and in 1973 it was listed as $ 1.1 million .
By this point Madoff had also been quietly managing money for years .
There was no hint of this on his SEC forms .
But beginning sometime in the early 1960s , he had started taking on investors .
It originated with a small nucleus of family and friends , and then spread outward in larger and larger circles .
For example , Carl Shapiro , an apparel executive who had met the young investor and been impressed by him , gave him tens of thousands to invest in the early ' 60s .
Shapiro would stick with him for close to half a century , losing around $ 545 million when Madoff 's scheme collapsed .
Another key figure was Ruth 's father , Saul Alpern .
He not only let his son - in - law share a desk at his accounting firm but also channeled clients and friends to Madoff .
Eventually , according to Michael Bienes , who joined Alpern 's firm in 1968 , Alpern began gathering smaller investors together and creating a fund that invested with Madoff as a single account .
This was among the first of what came to be called feeder funds .
Madoff was adept at subtly cultivating relationships with people like Bienes .
The accountant had represented Madoff in a successful audit in the late 1960s .
Then , little by little , Madoff began drawing him in .
" I got to know him , " Bienes says .
" I once went swimming naked with him .
He invited me to the New York Athletic Club on Central Park South [ where members swam in the nude at the time ] .
He asked me to come and meet him and get a rubdown ...
We did n't discuss anything , really .
I think he wanted to get the feel of me , you know , and bring me into his orbit . "
Bienes evidently won Madoff 's trust , and when Alpern retired in the mid-1970s , his feeder fund was passed to his accounting partners and became known as Avellino & Bienes .
Around this time , Bienes recalls , Madoff invited him to the bar mitzvah of one of his sons .
" It was a lunch , " Bienes recalls , " a buffet lunch .
And I was very impressed because he did n't go over the top .
He was a wealthy guy , you know , but he did it in a very moderate way .
And I remember my partner , Frank Avellino , and myself and Bernie meeting in the middle of the dance floor , and we were saying , ' Thanks for having us , ' and he said , ' Hey , come on -- we 're family , are n't we ? '
And at that moment , he had me .
He had me .
We were family .
Oh , my God !
I was in !
It really took me because he had a presence about him , an aura .
He really captivated you . "
Bienes , who ultimately lost his entire savings to Madoff , still seems dazzled decades later .
( Another part of the appeal , according to Bienes 's lawyer , Mark Raymond , was that Madoff led Avellino & Bienes to believe they were his only investing client .
" I honestly thought we were the one and only , " says Bienes , who says that he and his partner jokingly referred to Madoff as " our boyfriend . " )
In those days Madoff would tell investors he was employing a much different investing strategy from the split - strike conversion approach that would later become synonymous with his fraud .
Madoff explained the early strategy in a 1992 Wall Street Journal article : Before 1982 or so , " Mr. Madoff confirms ... [ investors ' ] money was being used to engage in so - called convertible arbitrage in securities of such companies as Occidental Petroleum Corp. , Limited Stores Inc. and Continental Corp . "
Madoff invested in high - yield issues that were convertible into common stocks while simultaneously short - selling the common stock , the article explained .
Investors then earned " the spread between the higher dividend paid on the convertible securities and the lower dividend on the common stock , plus interest from investing the proceeds of the stock short sale . "
Even as Madoff was planting the first seeds for his future role as a Ponzi schemer , he got a firsthand lesson in fraud :
He was fleeced by one of the great charlatans of the 1960s .
The perpetrator was a con artist with the evocative name of Jack Dick , who was sanctioned by the authorities multiple times and yet regularly managed to launch new schemes .
His largest and most famous operation was known as Black Watch Farms , which sold investments in Angus bulls in the days when tax shelters were the rage .
Dick himself became a wealthy and prominent figure in society .
The New York Times ' Gay Talese chronicled a 1964 bull auction conducted by Dick that was attended by the likes of U.S. Senator Al Gore Sr. and a representative for former President Dwight Eisenhower .
Newspapers described Dick's " opulent " life in a mansion that had formerly belonged to the mother of an owner of the New York Yankees .
Then it all collapsed .
Dick was accused of embezzling $ 3.2 million from Black Watch 's bank but died before the case could be resolved .
Madoff , who had committed $ 85,000 , was one of many left holding the bag .
The press descriptions of Dick 's downfall resonate today .
" He 's one of the most brilliant persons I ever met , " said one victim quoted in a 1971 Wall Street Journal article .
The article noted , " If he has any flaw , one critic says , it 's confidence in his own judgment that is so excessive it borders on a belief in his own infallibility . "
A bonanza in software
Long before Madoff attained infamy as a criminal mastermind , he earned respect as a pioneer in electronic trading .
Yet Madoff apparently was n't satisfied with his place in history and was prone to embellish it on occasion .
Such fibbing may be the moral equivalent of failing to plug the parking meter for your getaway car while you 're inside -- in Madoff 's case , robbing a bank of $ 65 billion .
Still , he felt the need to puff up his credentials .
Consider how he described the creation of Nasdaq .
Launched in 1971 , it was a primitive computer system that displayed stock quotes -- hence the name National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations .
The system simply listed the bids and offers ; it was not until a decade later that it became possible to use Nasdaq to trade stocks .
Said Madoff at a 2007 panel : " In about 1971 computers were showing up and being used .
So we -- meaning my brother and myself -- saw that there was an opportunity to bring automation in the over - the - counter marketplace and create some visibility and transparency in the marketplace .
So we came up with the concept of developing a screen - based trading mechanism where prices would appear on a computer screen .
That was the start of Nasdaq . "
The way Madoff told it , his firm and four others " made a proposal to build a screen - based trading system , which then became Nasdaq .
Then that went through various stages of automation , so that you were able to turn on your computer screen and any brokerage firm in the country would list all the dealers that were willing to trade the security and the prices .
Then that eventually went on to where you could actually trade the security automatically . "
That account is largely correct -- except for Madoff 's role in it .
Says Charles " Dick " Justice , who started with the National Association of Securities Dealers in 1968 and was its chief technology officer for decades ( and knows Madoff ) , " he was n't involved in the founding of Nasdaq at all . "
Asked about a separate Madoff comment that he was " involved in the design of the Nasdaq technology , " Justice says , " No , he was n't . "
According to Justice and others who played roles in early electronic trading , it was only in the late 1970s and early 1980s that Madoff made his mark .
And when he did so , it was n't because his firm created the concept of electronic trading -- it was because the Madoffs were among the first to recognize the value of the idea and designed software that could trade stocks electronically in seconds .
" If you have a brokerage firm that advertises they will get their trade done with you in five seconds , " says one longtime Madoff tech employee , " that 's because our system will get it back to them in two .
That 's the innovation . "
Trading through Madoff was not only fast -- it was cheap .
Actually , " cheap " understates the matter .
Rather than taking a fee for trading stocks , as NYSE specialists did , Madoff paid firms like Charles Schwab and Fidelity a penny or two a share for their orders , a practice known as " payment for order flow . "
In those days , there was a prevailing spread of at least 12.5 � between the price that a " market maker " like Madoff 's firm paid to buy shares and the price at which it would sell the same shares .
Using its own software , Madoff 's firm was adept at hedging the risk that buy - and - sell orders would be out of balance , preserving its profit .
So even if he gave away a penny , Madoff could still make a tidy sum .
The allure for customers was obvious .
And these ultra-cheap , fast electronic trades were among the things that helped discount brokers like Schwab and Fidelity slash commissions and bring stock trading to the masses .
By the early 1990s , Madoff 's firm alone was executing 9 % of the daily trading volume of stocks listed on the New York Stock Exchange .
Madoff 's realm was known as the " third market . "
His firm specialized in trading Big Board shares outside of the exchange .
Such trading had existed for decades , but Madoff 's firm led the charge as it went electronic .
" He was viewed as the leading third - market firm on the Street , " says former Nasdaq president Joseph Hardiman , who became close to Madoff .
" He was very much respected and listened to by his peers . "
His peers did not include the specialists of the New York Stock Exchange .
That group viewed Madoff with disdain .
They likened order payments to kickbacks .
And they were incensed at being placed at a competitive disadvantage by this outsider .
" We are being forced to play full - contact football in tennis whites , " sniffed one specialist to the Wall Street Journal in 1990 .
The anger and condescension still linger today .
" The Madoffs were poaching scallops from my plate , " says one retired NYSE director .
He dismisses Madoff himself as nothing more than a " chiffonnier " -- a ragpicker .
Call it shabby if you want .
Payment for order flow was legal , and Madoff fought to keep it so .
Under pressure from the SEC , the NASD , the securities industry 's self - regulatory body , assembled a panel to study the issue in 1990 .
At the time , payment for order flow was highly controversial , and opposition was intense .
Madoff , who was named chairman of Nasdaq that year , played a key role .
Not only did he serve on the panel , but he also suggested witnesses to interview .
Managing to cast himself as a statesman who just happened to be the most knowledgeable man in the room rather than as an advocate fighting to protect his livelihood , Madoff took the lead in the discussions .
Slowly and subtly , he steered the group to his line of thinking , four members recall .
" He was n't pushy about his view , " says David Ruder , a former SEC chairman and head of the panel .
" He would n't say , ' We 've got to protect my business . ' "
Instead , Madoff would tell the members , " You have just got to understand it . "
During the process , says Ruder , " we got pretty chummy . "
When all was said and done , Madoff prevailed .
The panel endorsed payment for order flow in its 1991 report , concluding that the practice was no different from other inducements offered on Wall Street .
" The report put the NASD imprint on the process , " says Norman Pessin , a committee member who admires Madoff 's political skills .
" It legitimized his business . "
Eventually the SEC followed , giving its own imprimatur to the payments as long as they were disclosed .
For Madoff it was a sweet victory , one that cemented his role as a force in trading .
The years that followed marked the lucrative peak for Madoff 's market - making firm , earning him millions in honest profits .
But beginning in 1997 , the rules governing trading spreads changed .
They were slashed from 12.5 � a share to 6.25 � that year and then dropped to a penny in 2001 .
Madoff 's firm , which had eschewed traditional commissions and made its money on the spread , watched its profit margins evaporate .
Madoff 's market - making operation would never again be the prodigious cash generator it had been .
Indeed , there were times after the turn of the century when it would dip into the red .
A private club
One of the reasons Madoff was able to perpetrate his fraud for so long was his preference for marketing his investment business by word of mouth .
Until the scam 's later years , people heard about it from friends .
It was a private club , one that , famously , became only more desirable because of Madoff 's seeming reluctance to admit new investors .
One of the tacit conditions , as we know now , was an understanding that information about Madoff investments -- including their existence -- was to be held closely .
Most investors complied .
Who would want to anger Madoff and risk losing their privileges ?
Still , despite his best efforts , every so often Madoff 's secret investment business would emerge publicly .
Each time Madoff would spring into action , showing a characteristic mix of reactions .
He would take direct control , responding personally .
And he would employ his self - deprecating charm .
In 1992 , for example , Madoff 's name surfaced in a major SEC investigation involving one of his feeder funds .
Avellino & Bienes was accused of running an unregistered securities operation , issuing $ 441 million of notes that promised returns of 13.5 % to 20 % .
SEC officials feared it was a Ponzi scheme .
They raced into court , won an injunction to shut the firm down -- and discovered that all the investors ' money was safely in the hands of one Bernard L. Madoff .
According to court records , Madoff was able to return all the money to Avellino & Bienes in a matter of eight days .
( The two men ultimately paid a combined $ 350,000 in civil penalties to the SEC . )
Once the money was produced , essentially , the SEC exhaled .
It did n't occur to the agency to investigate Madoff .
Much of the rest of the case was handed over to a court - appointed trustee whose job was to make sure investors were made whole , and to what was then Price Waterhouse , which tried to reconstruct the mostly nonexistent books of Avellino & Bienes .
What 's striking is that Madoff appears to have played the role of model citizen in this case .
Billing records show that Lee Richards , the trustee , and Joel Whitman , who then worked for Price Waterhouse , held multiple phone conversations and at least one meeting with Madoff , who was able to provide investing records when Avellino & Bienes could n't .
They also show Madoff personally handling requests for computer records and the like , the sort of routine queries that in almost any other firm would have been handed off to the chief technology officer or a more junior person .
Madoff 's personal touch seemed to score points .
Whitman testified that Madoff was " forthright " in answering his questions .
( Whitman said he could n't comment for this article unless Richards , his client , granted permission .
Richards did not respond to e-mails and phone calls . )
In May 2001 a more probing spotlight was shone on Madoff , and once again he escaped .
In that month , two articles -- the first in a trade publication called Mar / Hedge , the second in � Barron 's -- raised serious questions about Madoff 's investment operation .
For starters , its very existence was surprising : According to Mar / Hedge , its $ 6 billion to $ 7 billion in assets under management made it the largest or second - largest hedge fund in the world at the time .
Yet it was unknown .
The articles went on to note the improbability of Madoff 's smooth and steady 15 % annual returns .
They wondered why Madoff charged no fees to run his seemingly successful investment operation and instead accepted only minimal trading commissions .
Once again , Madoff got personally involved .
The Mar / Hedge article noted that " Madoff sounds and appears genuinely amused by the interest and attention aimed at [ his ] asset - management strategy , " and he pooh - poohed his own investing success , waving it off as the benefit of a bull market .
Madoff does not appear to have swayed either reporter , and both articles had a skeptical tone .
Barron 's asserted , for example , that " some on the Street have begun speculating that Madoff 's market - making operation subsidizes and smooths his hedge - fund returns . "
Madoff was quoted dismissing that notion as " ridiculous . "
( As it happens , the opposite hypothesis was common among employees of Madoff 's legitimate business .
" We had a sense he was probably paying rent from the asset management , " says a trader who worked for Madoff at the time . )
So what happened when two publications , one of them among the most prominent on the subject of investing in the country , raised questions about Madoff ?
Nothing .
What seemed like clear warnings disappeared into a void of indifference .
Even inside Madoff 's firm , the reaction was a shrug .
" We knew about the Barron 's article , " recalls the trader .
" We went on about our business as if it was another firm that had nothing to do with us . "
As it would later turn out , Madoff 's illegal investment business was indeed subsidizing his legal trading operation .
Among the charges to which Madoff pleaded guilty in March were three counts of money laundering , which involved transferring millions of dollars from Madoff 's fraudulent business through his London operation to his legitimate New York business .
At least $ 250 million was transferred in this manner , according to the charges .
Then came the closest call : The SEC launched an investigation in 2006 .
A whistleblower named Harry Markopolos had spent years trying to persuade the SEC that Madoff was running a Ponzi scheme ( he had been a key source for the Mar / Hedge article ) .
The SEC also examined whether Fairfield Greenwich , a giant feeder fund , was properly disclosing the extent of its reliance on Madoff .
Madoff had always been terrified of the SEC .
" Every time the SEC came into the office , " remembers one longtime employee , " Bernie was a basket case . "
Wherever Madoff was in the world , he would fly back , even for a routine examination .
He peppered employees with questions about their preparedness .
" What 's up ? " he would ask nervously .
" What 's up ?
What 's up ? "
This time Madoff was being asked specifically about his fraudulent investment business .
Once again he prepared -- not only himself but also his customer Fairfield Greenwich .
A phone conversation with representatives of Fairfield Greenwich in December 2005 was taped , transcribed , and made public as part of a Commonwealth of Massachusetts suit charging Fairfield Greenwich with essentially abdicating its responsibility to protect its investors .
The transcript provides a revealing example of Madoff 's thinking and his ability to manipulate .
" Obviously , first of all , this conversation never took place ... okay ? "
Madoff began .
( " Yes , of course , " was the reply from Fairfield Greenwich 's risk manager , though the company has since asserted that it informed the SEC of the conversation at the time . )
Madoff proceeded to spin a strange , fragmentary -- he seemed to interrupt himself every few words -- self - contradictory set of talking points for Fairfield to follow in its SEC interview .
In reality , Fairfield 's Sentry funds had their entire $ 6.6 billion stake invested with Madoff , and he controlled every investing decision ( though , of course , in this case , " investing decision " meant Madoff simply took whatever money was sent his way ) .
But he reminded them of their cover story : " You 've approved the parameters of the strategy , and I 've agreed to follow these . "
Fairfield , he kept repeating , had selected the strategy and a range of stocks , and Madoff 's only role was to control the timing of when these investments were entered into and exited .
" [ W ]e never wanted to be looked at as the investment manager , " he said .
" So in the past , if we 've ever been asked about what our role is with any of these types of funds , it has always been that we are the executing broker for these transactions . "
Having just said that Fairfield had the sole power to choose the investing strategy , Madoff turned around and explained to them that he had changed the " trading directives " several years ago and was only now getting around to informing Fairfield Greenwich that its strategy had changed .
" I 'll send you up the new trading instructions today , " Madoff said blithely .
Madoff was telling Fairfield to deny the obvious : that he was managing their money .
At the same time , he portrayed his firm 's role as something well known to the SEC .
" They 're aware of the fact that we do this , " Madoff said , adding later , " The commission knows how we -- how we operate . "
( An SEC spokesman declined to comment . )
Madoff went on to disparage the SEC investigation as a " fishing expedition , " saying that " these girls " -- the SEC 's lawyers -- might not understand the strategy , and implying that they might not press too hard because SEC lawyers have ambitions to go into lucrative private practice and do n't want to alienate the sorts of firms that might hire them .
" It 's none of their business , " he added .
Madoff , who appeared at times to be reading from a list of bullet points , also advised the Fairfield Greenwich team on the tone they should take .
" You do n't want them to think that you 're concerned about anything ...
You 're best off [ if ] you just be , you know , casual . "
Fairfield has said it told the truth to the SEC .
When it was his turn to be interviewed by the SEC , in May 2006 , Madoff flat - out lied .
When he was asked , for example , " Is it correct , then , that the equities are traded in Europe ? " he responded , " Yes . "
( Madoff often told people he made all sorts of trades in Europe , where it would be harder to verify what he was doing . )
Needless to say , there were no equities being traded in Europe or anywhere else .
Madoff 's lies paid off -- at least , at the time .
The SEC " found no evidence of fraud , " as a staff attorney wrote in a " case closing recommendation " ( this despite the fact that the SEC had previously noted that Madoff 's firm " misled the examination staff " and withheld information ) .
The punishment : Madoff 's firm had to register as an investment adviser .
' Bernie 's world '
Today , the radio announcer intoned solemnly , the New York Mets have lost one of their greatest fans : Roger Madoff .
Bernard Madoff's 32 - year - old nephew , Peter 's son , had died on April 15 , 2006 , from complications related to leukemia .
The announcement , aired on the Mets ' radio station , was an unusual acknowledgement of a fervent Mets fan .
It also reflected the decades - long bond between the team 's owners , the Wilpon family , and the Madoffs .
( The Wilpons also had millions invested with Madoff , and lost the money . )
Roger 's protracted illness shook the entire Madoff family .
It was especially devastating for his sister , Shana , a compliance lawyer at the firm .
Roger and Shana " were like stamp and envelope , " recalls one employee .
" You could n't separate them . "
Peter Madoff was in even worse shape .
Peter had been a frequent visitor to the hospital , bringing bagels for the nurses and newspapers for his son .
A doctor once entered Roger 's hospital room to find Peter tenderly applying ointment to his dying son's feet .
Chauffeured home in his BMW on the Long Island Expressway , Peter would weep quietly in the back seat .
Cancer reached deep into the Madoff family .
Peter had survived a bout of bladder cancer in 2000 , and Bernie 's son Andrew was in treatment for lymphoma .
Another nephew , who also worked at the firm , was preoccupied with his young daughter 's leukemia treatment .
" We should curse the Madoff bloodline , " Roger wrote in a posthumously published book on his struggle with the disease .
As Roger got sicker and sicker , the family channeled most of its philanthropy , which swelled into eight figures , into cancer research .
" I had n't realized the extent of the wealth that existed there , " Roger noted with some surprise in his book .
By then , Bernie Madoff's " investment business " had ballooned .
According to research by Harry Markopolos , it grew from as much as $ 7 billion in 2000 to as much as $ 50 billion by the end of 2005 .
What had started decades before as a small - time recruiting effort by Madoff agents at country clubs had gone global .
Massive international institutions such as Grupo Santander , Fortis Bank , and Union Bancaire Priv�e were all funneling billions -- sometimes through intermediaries -- to Madoff , lured by the call of steady 10 % to 12 % returns .
Even one of the world 's biggest sovereign funds , the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority , ended up sinking tens of millions of dollars into the Ponzi scheme via its investment in one of the big feeder funds .
" Bernie 's world " is the phrase Bob McMahon uses to describe the operations on the 17th floor .
McMahon , a project manager specializing in information technology , was brought in to help rationalize the company 's systems from 2007 to 2008 .
The situation he found was odd , especially for a firm whose legitimate business had been built on software prowess .
Traders had begun grousing about the firm 's proprietary MISS software and the decades - old mainframe it ran on .
The system was designed to trade equities ; reconfiguring it to trade anything new was cumbersome .
But replacing the mainframe was n't so simple , says McMahon .
It would also entail replacing a venerable IBM server , the AS / 400 , which served as the investment business 's main computer backbone .
" Managing the AS / 400 was getting to be a very , very hands - on , manual process , " recalls McMahon .
But " Bernie never wanted to get rid of [ it ] .
That was the books and records of quote ' the company . ' "
There were other idiosyncrasies in Bernie 's world that might have raised suspicions .
Around 2002 he proposed eliminating e-mail throughout his firm but was persuaded not to .
Lots of Wall Street firms were talking about restricting it in the wake of corporate scandals featuring incendiary messages , but Madoff ultimately did the opposite of what you 'd expect .
He allowed e-mail for staffers at his trading business -- the one the SEC regulated -- while abolishing it for the people working in the unregulated investment business on 17 .
Madoff took another step .
He decreed that e-mails would no longer be stored electronically .
First he decided that each of the firm 's e-mails would be printed and then stored in boxes , but he was persuaded by others that such a plan was impractical .
In the end , Madoff ordered that old e-mails be transferred to microfiche , a cumbersome process that costs much more than archiving the records digitally .
Why would Madoff want to increase his archiving costs ?
Perhaps it had to do with the fact that microfiche is orders of magnitude more difficult to search than electronic records .
The 17th floor seemed like a galaxy far removed from the rest of the company .
Most of the people there were a different breed from the overachievers upstairs .
Many had arrived at Madoff 's firm straight out of high school .
" This was the only world they ever knew , " says McMahon .
" It was the old analogy of mushrooms :
You keep them well fed and happy in the dark . "
For weeks at a time , it was a torpid operation .
Employees tended to disappear for long stretches of time -- for lunch , for vacation , for anything .
Then , six to eight times a year , a frenzy would erupt .
Madoff 's purported investing strategy was the " split - strike conversion . "
We 'll spare you the details -- they seem beside the point , given that Madoff did n't actually execute this strategy -- other than to note that he claimed it consisted of a " basket " of 35 or so large - company stocks hedged with stock options .
In theory Madoff 's investing genius consisted of knowing the best time to enter or leave the market .
Ostensibly , every so often Madoff 's team was " buying " or " selling " massive quantities of stocks and options .
Each time that happened , the 17th floor team would spring into action and spend all - nighters churning out trade confirmations for thousands of customers .
Presiding over this process was Frank DiPascali .
Raised in the blue - collar Queens community of Howard Beach , he was a high school graduate who had arrived at Madoff 's firm in 1975 -- and then spent the next three - plus decades there moving through an unusual combination of legitimate jobs ( at various times he was a gofer , a stock trader , and the person who coordinated the firm 's move to new offices in 1987 ) before assuming his ultimate role as the chief lieutenant in Madoff 's investment business .
DiPascali shared his boss 's love of the sea , and like Madoff , he spoke with a distinct New York accent .
In his mouth , the word " three " had no " h . " DiPascali came to work in an incongruously starched version of a slacker 's uniform : pressed jeans , a sweatshirt , and pristine white sneakers or boat shoes .
He could often be found outside the building , smoking a cigarette .
Some customers found DiPascali off - putting .
" I 'd call Madoff and they would put me on with Frank , " recalls Carl Englebardt , a longtime investor .
" Quite frankly , when I was talking to him , I thought I was talking to someone in the Mafia .
He did n't sound very professional to me .
He never inspired a lot of confidence . "
He may not have looked or acted like a financier , but when giant customers like Fairfield Greenwich came in to talk , DiPascali was usually the only Madoff employee in the room with Bernie .
Madoff told the visitors that DiPascali was " primarily responsible " for the investment operation , according to a Fairfield memo .
As the business ballooned to ever more massive proportions in its final years , DiPascali complained of overwork .
He even begged Madoff not to add more customers .
" No more !
No more ! " he was heard pleading on several occasions .
But the boss kept signing them up until the very end .
' I'm a steady and true investor '
The storm broke in 2008 .
The markets began a calamitous and accelerating decline .
With their non-Madoff investments pulverized , more and more customers turned to what they thought was their most solid holding :
They began requesting withdrawals from Madoff 's fund .
For a time , Madoff seemed to defy the worst collapse since the Great Depression .
While double - digit monthly drops suddenly became common , Madoff was somehow eking out a heroic positive return , ostensibly 4.5 % through October .
Madoff 's investors nervously hung on the firm 's every word in e-mails that read now as tragicomedy .
On Sept. 15 , when Lehman Brothers collapsed and Merrill Lynch announced its sale , Fairfield Greenwich executives circulated e-mails describing Frank DiPascali 's reassurances that Madoff was n't using those firms as counterparties and his assertion that Madoff did " not want to sell into weakness . "
On Nov. 4 , another Fairfield executive reported that DiPascali had told him that " they have their buying hats on . "
Madoff appeared to be his smooth old self .
In November he sat down with members of the investment committee for the American Jewish Congress , one of the nation 's oldest Jewish philanthropic organizations .
The group 's president , Richard Gordon , asked how Madoff could be making money in one of the worst markets in history .
" I could explain it to you , Richard , but it 's really complicated , " Madoff replied evenly .
" I 'm a steady and true investor . "
He gently tried to put Gordon on the defensive .
" Are n't you happy with the returns ? "
Madoff asked .
Gordon left the meeting as confused as he had been when he arrived .
But he had no reason to doubt Madoff 's integrity , he says , or to imagine there was a problem .
Madoff , he says , was " extraordinarily avuncular -- calm , direct , and to the point . "
Madoff was keeping up his fa�ade at work .
But at home his desperation had begun to show .
In November and early December , he asked his wife to make two transfers totaling $ 15.5 million from a brokerage account to her personal bank account so that the cash would be at hand .
Madoff had never made such a request before , two sources say .
Ruth has insisted her husband did n't inform her of the fraud until the day before he was arrested .
She maintains , according to one of these sources , that Bernie said he needed the cash to pay customer redemptions .
By this point , $ 15.5 million was a pittance compared with what he needed .
As of early December , investors had demanded the return of some $ 7 billion .
If Madoff truly withdrew his wife 's money for that purpose , he had reached the point where he was rooting around in the sofa cushions for loose change .
The man once famous for rebuffing potential investors was now openly soliciting the ultrawealthy : Ken Langone , the Pritzker family , and others were invited to invest .
And Madoff leaned on some of his most loyal investors for cash infusions .
Carl Shapiro ponied up $ 250 million .
Some of the principals at Fairfield Greenwich added another $ 15 million .
But it just was n't enough .
On Dec. 8 , Madoff 's cool veneer finally cracked .
He berated Jeffrey Tucker of Fairfield Greenwich over that fund 's inability to replenish the money that had been withdrawn from the firm .
He threatened to close Fairfield 's account and warned that there were plenty of other institutions that could take its place .
His traders , Madoff said , were " tired of dealing with these hedge funds . "
There is no better indication of the hold that Madoff exerted over his investors than Tucker 's response .
Tucker , after all , was co-founder of a $ 6.6 billion investor in Madoff 's firm .
In normal circumstances , a client of that magnitude would expect to be coddled .
Instead , Tucker fretted about what he could do to placate Madoff .
" We best talk , " he told colleagues in a worried e-mail that day .
" I think he is sincere . "
Two days later Tucker sent a pleading letter to Madoff .
He apologized for not keeping him better informed .
" Our firm is very dependent on its relationship with your firm , " he continued .
" You are our most important business partner and an immensely respected friend ...
Our mission is to remain in business with you and keep your trust . "
Tucker 's lawyer , Marc Kasowitz , says his client " was deceived by Bernie Madoff just like the SEC and hundreds of other very sophisticated investors . "
Madoff may never have seen the letter , for that was the day his fraud came apart .
That afternoon Madoff drove up to his apartment with his two sons .
There , as the world would soon learn , he apparently confessed his entire crime .
Afterward the sons proceeded to their lawyer 's office , setting in motion the chain of events that led to their father 's arrest .
Madoff himself came downstairs a few minutes after the sons .
According to one person who saw him then , he was as " calm as ever . "
Madoff returned to the office and then joined his wife at the company 's holiday party at a local Mexican restaurant .
According to employees who were present , Madoff seemed his usual self .
But Mark and Andy never showed up .
Tabloid Bernie
As his black Mercedes S550 made its way north from Manhattan 's federal courthouse to his apartment the afternoon after the holiday party -- the day he was arrested -- Bernie Madoff told his driver nothing about why he had been at the judicial complex for hours .
It was n't uncommon for Madoff to be silent , and only later did the driver grasp the meaning of the one observation Madoff did make : " All my life , I 've watched the evening news .
But tonight I sure wo n't be watching . "
Within hours , Bernard Madoff , wise man of Nasdaq , had been transformed into Tabloid Bernie , the $ 65 Billion Villain .
Almost as fast , Madoff 's life collapsed into isolation .
Only two people would visit him and his wife during his three months under house arrest , and neither was a close family member .
Mark and Andy have n't called since Bernie 's arrest .
" They 've had no desire to talk to their parents , " says a person close to the sons .
Dozens of agents from the Federal Bureau of Investigation , the SEC , and the Securities Investor Protection Commission descended on the offices of Madoff 's firm .
The 17th floor was designated a crime scene , and guards were posted .
The staffers who worked on 17 were herded to a small conference room near the coffee machines on the 18th floor , where they sat nervously in what some of them called " office arrest . "
One by one they were taken to be questioned by the FBI .
The company 's computer and e-mail systems were shut down , so dozens of staffers passed the time watching movies , playing cards , and talking .
Several days after the feds had locked down the office and told staffers not to remove anything , Peter instructed several employees to carry four boxes and two shopping bags filled with documents downstairs , where his driver was waiting with his own Ford Explorer ( the company vehicles were now off - limits ) .
The driver was halfway to the offices of Peter 's lawyer when the authorities discovered what was happening .
An agitated federal agent called the driver and told him to turn around immediately .
When the driver arrived back at the Madoff offices with his cargo , a teary Peter told him , " Sorry I got you involved in this . "
Peter was assigned an armed FBI " escort " to accompany him wherever he went on the premises that day and later was told not to return at all .
A lawyer for Peter Madoff , John Wing , calls the incident " a misunderstanding " between Madoff 's office and the FBI over " the removal of his personal files and other personal items . "
Where 's the money ?
The Bernie Madoff who appeared in court in March was a diminished figure , a sad version of the vital , regal person he'd been just a few months before .
Gone was the smirk that some had detected in the videos of him right after his arrest .
From 10 feet away in the jury box , where a handful of reporters were seated , one could detect what looked like turbulent currents under the placid exterior .
Even with his eyes closed , Madoff blinked furiously at moments , his eyebrows spasming above the top of his rimless glasses .
His hands betrayed his tension :
At times he gripped and twisted his pen ; he cracked his knuckles ; he steepled his hands so hard that his fingers trembled .
The impression was of a mighty attempt at control .
And somehow , Madoff managed to preserve a modicum of dignity , even as he pleaded guilty to 11 charges of fraud , theft , money - laundering , and perjury and absorbed the anger directed at him from the audience , where his victims watched .
One of them addressed Madoff directly : " I do n't know whether you had a chance to turn around and look at the victims , " he said angrily .
Madoff hesitated and then wheeled awkwardly in his seat as the judge admonished the victim for speaking to Madoff rather than to the court .
When the judge remanded him to custody that day , Madoff silently pulled his shoulders back and allowed himself to be handcuffed .
The cuffs , which gleamed as if freshly polished , seemed somehow suited to the fastidious elegance of the defendant .
And then Madoff was gone , likely never to take another step on free soil .
He awaits sentencing on June 16 .
And even if he does n't get the maximum 150 years , whatever he does receive will effectively be a life sentence for a 71 - year - old .
The federal investigation proceeds .
Less than a week after Madoff 's plea , the firm 's outside accountant , David Friehling , was charged with criminal fraud for years of signing off on phony statements .
( Friehling 's lawyer , Andrew Lankler , declined to comment . )
The charges did not assert that Friehling knew of the Ponzi scheme .
Friehling now appears to be trying to negotiate a deal with prosecutors .
Investigators continue to try to locate Madoff assets -- a bit more than $ 1 billion has been discovered so far , with specialists now fanning across the world 's offshore locations .
The court - appointed trustee , whose job it is to gather assets , has hired lawyers in the Cayman Islands , Gibraltar , and Luxembourg , with more jurisdictions likely to come .
They 're uncovering $ 50 million here , $ 75 million there .
What is n't going to happen is the miraculous discovery of a giant vault with $ 65 billion in cash .
That 's because that $ 65 billion -- the most widely cited figure for the size of Madoff 's heist -- is a fiction and always was .
It 's a tally of the stated value of all the account statements of every Madoff account holder as of Nov. 30 .
The total includes , in some cases , decades of fabricated returns .
According to experts , the actual amount investors gave to Madoff over the years is probably closer to $ 20 billion .
But even that outlandish sum will never be found ; it was chipped away year after year after year .
That , after all , is the definition of a Ponzi scheme :
Most of the cash put up by new investors went to pay the old ones .
Put another way , if Madoff had still enjoyed access to large sums of cash in December , he would have continued paying his investors .
The collapse of a Ponzi scheme means there is no money left .
In the end , victims will likely collect only a tiny fraction of what they lost -- and some substantial portion of that will come from other Madoff investors who had appeared lucky enough to pull their cash out before the entire edifice crumbled .
This is arguably the most prominent financial crime ever , and the prosecutors -- who declined to be interviewed -- have to be aware that the public 's rage wo n't be placated with the conviction of Bernie Madoff .
So it will likely come as a huge relief to the Madoff family that DiPascali is telling prosecutors they were not participants in the scam .
After all , nobody , apart from Bernie Madoff , is better positioned to describe who took part .
But it 's worth remembering that such a statement represents less than a full exoneration .
One of the most widely made assumptions is that various family members " had to know " what was going on .
Frank DiPascali , of course , is not in a position to say what the family knew or did n't know .
Representatives for all the family members have declared their innocence .
Even if Bernie Madoff never informed his family members of the fraud , there were a number of events that could have -- perhaps should have -- raised their suspicions .
As the people in charge of the legitimate Madoff businesses , Peter , Mark , and Andy knew or should have known , for example , that some $ 250 million had been transferred from the Madoffs ' London office to their business .
That cash , Madoff later admitted , was money laundered from the illegitimate operation to the legitimate one .
( Those funds , it turns out , were crucial .
In court , prosecutor Marc Litt asserted that " at times , his [ legitimate ] firm would 've been unable to operate but for the cash generated by this Ponzi scheme . " )
A lawyer for Mark and Andy Madoff says , " They had no knowledge whatsoever that their father engaged in any fraudulent activities , including allegedly fraudulent transfers of funds through Madoff Securities International in London . "
Whatever happens , Peter , Ruth , and to a lesser extent the other Madoffs have many years of civil litigation to look forward to as various individuals , funds , and government entities try to recover whatever assets they can find .
As for DiPascali , his potential testimony may provide some good news for at least one feeder fund .
According to a person familiar with the matter , DiPascali has no evidence that Fairfield Greenwich 's top brass knew of the scam .
But DiPascali could spell trouble for certain key Madoff customers .
DiPascali , according to this source , admits manipulating the returns of several clients , jiggering them up or down -- phantom gains added or reduced -- to suit their needs .
Says the source : " This is a group of inside investors -- all individuals with very , very high net worths who , hypothetically speaking , received a 20 % markup or 25 % markup or a 15 % loss if they needed it . "
The investors would tell DiPascali , for example , that their other investments had soared and they needed to find some losses to cut their tax bills .
DiPascali would adjust their Madoff results accordingly .
According to this source and a second one familiar with the investigation , these special deals for select Madoff investors have become a central focus for federal prosecutors .
The second source describes the arrangements as " kickbacks " and " bonuses . "
A spokesperson for the U.S. Attorney declined to comment .
But a little - noticed line in a public filing by the prosecutors in March supports at least part of these sources ' account .
The document that formally charged Madoff with his crimes asserted that he " promised certain clients annual returns in varying amounts up to at least approximately 46 percent per year . "
That was quite a boost when most investors were receiving 10 % to 15 % .
It appears to reflect the benefits that accrued to those who helped bring large sums to Madoff .
As for Madoff himself , he has traded a 4,000 - square - foot penthouse for a 76 - square - foot jail cell .
The bespoke charcoal suits have been replaced by an orange jumpsuit .
Even so , one person close to the family says he 's bearing up well in jail .
He 's exercising .
He is reading a lot of books .
" He makes the best of it , " adds this person , who says that Madoff looks surprisingly good these days .
Perhaps that 's because for the first time in decades , Madoff has no secret weighing him down .
That burden has been passed .
To his family members , whose name is eternally blackened whether or not they were involved .
To his former employees , who lost their livelihoods and are now struggling to get new jobs with the taint of his company 's name on their r�sum�s .
And most of all , to his victims , many of whom are struggling to make ends meet .
Madoff left a historic mess .
It 's going to take a long time to clean it up .
Why choose Bravr for your digital marketing needs ?
It ’s not easy to stand out in today ’s competitive landscape .
Growing brands can quickly be swallowed in a sea of competitors , their message mixed into a homogenous mixture of pitches , value propositions , and advertisements .
To avoid becoming just another flavour in the digital melting pot , you need a sound strategy , technical excellence , and a dedicated team .
Bravr is the digital marketing agency of choice for today ’s growing brands because of one thing : results .
Our digital strategies , development projects , and ongoing support have helped brands in the automotive , medical , e-commerce , real estate , travel , and B2B sales industries leapfrog competitors and establish themselves as market leaders .
Whether it ’s millions in revenue , a growing and engaged social audience , or the top of search results , Bravr ’s experts have delivered outstanding results time and time again .
When you choose a marketing partner , consider allying yourself with a digital marketing agency that ’s produced measurable and consistent results for over a decade .
Is Warp Speed Possible ?
We Ask a String Theorist
PopSci talks to futurist Michio Kaku about the ( not necessarily ) impossible physics of Star Trek
First off I ’d just like to say a huge thank you to everyone that read my list of ten anime films you should see before you die – the response has been phenomenal – not just the number of people that read it , but also those that took the time out to get involved in the following discussion at Reddit , Stumbleupon , Twitter as well as here on TMB .
Some people loved my selections , some people thought I was well off the mark , but it was clear that there was no way I was going to be able to avoid putting together another list , this time of TV series and OVAs .
It has been a far harder list to compile .
Not only because of the vast selection to choose from , but also that I knew from the start that I would be leaving out some shows that a lot of people hold very dear .
As such I hope that at least some visitors will read the next paragraph first before scrolling down the list to see what is missing and getting upset .
Just like last time , the aim of the list is not only to present ten examples of the anime medium that showcase the art form at its greatest , but are also accessible to those mature viewers for whom the scene is new or even completely alien .
They are works that I would show to those friends – we all have them – that turn their noses up at anime to prove to them how utterly wrong they are .
To do this they must be not only masterpieces of animation , direction and storytelling , but immediately accessible to any viewer .
As such , I have had to leave out popular fan favourites , slice of life comedies and high school dramas that are aimed to much at the otaku demographic and rely on an understanding of the genre and Japanese pop culture to fully appreciate .
Similarly , for us older fans , I ’ve missed out some series from my childhood that I hold personally very dear – groundbreaking shows like Macross , Speed Racer , Gatchaman , Star Blazers and even the original Gundam – as though I look back at them with with a fond nostalgia for their retro stylings and dramatic storylines , I have to admit they do n’t have the maturity and production values of the best of what was to follow .
Although there is , as always , some exceptions .
Again : they are in no particular order , the term ‘ mature ’ is kind of loose , seeing as at least two are really kids ’ shows , and this is purely personal opinion .
If you disagree , see you in the comments section .
Cowboy Bebop ( 1998 )
TV , 26 episodes
When it first hit Japan at the end of the 90s , Shinichiro Watanabe ’s seminal Cowboy Bebop broke new ground for anime on TV .
An overly stylistic take on the established space opera genre , its the story of a disparate bunch of planet hopping bounty hunters struggling to make a living , and giving Watanabe a chance to shamelessly take influences from all his favourite pop-culture sources – from Star Wars and cyberpunk literature to Hollywood westerns and Quentin Tarantino movies , all set to Yoko Kano ‘s eclectic , vibrant jazz infused soundtrack .
The result was a international hit ; one of the few shows of the period that found itself transmitted not only on US TV but also across most of Europe , spawning a theatrical movie as well , various different DVD realeases , merchandise and giving shameless inspiration to Buffy creator Joss Wheedon to pen cult favorite Firefly .
It ’s easy to criticize Watanabe ’s direction as style over substance at first glance , but in reality it ’s Keiko Nobumoto ’s skillfully crafted scripts that are the reason for the show ’s success .
Throughout the 26 episodes he manages to do the impossible – combine outlandish plots and settings with believable , empathetic characters that the viewer feels a genuine , true attachment to .
For all the choreographed fight scenes , orbital dogfights and John Woo style shootouts , Bebop ’s true heart lies in it ’s dry humour , sexual energy and the gentle , masterful unfurling of it ’s characters ’ back stories .
If I had to pick one episode of one anime to show to a non-believer , it would be Episode 17 of Cowboy Bebop ( Speak Like a Child ) ; a perfect 25 minutes of script writing that starts with gentle comedy and ends in emotional heartbreak .
Watanabe tried to recreate the vibe with his Chanbara - meets - hip hop follow up Samurai Champloo , but the characters and plots were limited by the setting , and although ingenious and riveting throughout , Cowboy Bebop still remains his masterpiece , and one of the most exhilarating , watchable works of anime ever made .
Paranoia Agent ( 2004 )
TV , 13 episodes
The term auteur is often overused by critics – especially in anime circles – but if there ’s one director that truly lives up to the title then it ’s arguably Satoshi Kon .
After completing his masterpiece trio of experimental , reality bending films – Perfect Blue , Tokyo Godfathers and Millennium Actress – Kon found himself wanting a break from the long production cycle of high budget anime features , and with an abundance of new ideas .
Turning to television the result was the Madhouse produced Paranoia Agent ; a dark , deeply twisted story of two cops tracking a mysterious teenage hoodlum dubbed Lil ’ Slugger by the media .
As the two detectives investigate the case , it ’s the lives of his seemingly random assault victims that become the series initial focus , with there seemingly being no truly innocent bystanders .
But just as Kon leads the viewer down one apparent path , he of course pulls his usual reality shifting , mind bending , plot twisting trick with the show ’s surprising climax .
Paranoia
Agent is an unusual , brave and at times challenging example of what anime can achieve , and perhaps what no other art form can , and even just a few years after its first broadcast it seems hard to believe that it was made for television – especially in today ’s recession hit , conservative climate .
Gunslinger Girl ( 2003 )
TV , 13 episodes
It ’s impossible to deny that vast majority of anime and manga rely heavily on established genres , well trodden cliche ’s , recycled storylines and archetypal characters .
Which is why refreshing when a show like Gunslinger Girl comes along to challenge the accepted standards of the medium .
Set in modern day Italy , it follows the activities of the Social Welfare Agency , a shadowy government group that uses abused , brain - washed young girls as trained assassins to eliminate political rivals , and focuses on the relationship between the girls and their older , male handlers .
A story about over - cute , teenage girls turned cybernetic killers is nothing new , but writer Yu Aida ( who also penned the original manga ) turns it into a chilling , scathing deconstruction of anime ’s moral values .
Everything is questioned – the over sexualisation of young girls and their idolizing relationships with older men , the continued , accepted association of children with violence , and the celebration and stylisation of that violence is challenged in the most brutal , disturbing and heart wrenching of manners .
Gunslinger Girl holds a mirror up to anime and it ’s moe obsessed otaku follwers , asking them to look at what they find so titillating and exhilarating as if the blood and consequences were real and in their hands .
It ’s challenging plot and message is backed by strong production values and it ’s gentle European ambiance , making it one of the most important anime productions of the last decade .
Neon Genesis Evangelion ( 1994 )
TV , 26 episodes plus various OVA releases and alternative versions
Few anime franchises have had the lasting impact on anime and wider Japanese pop culture as Gainax ’s Neon Genesis Evangelion .
The story of giant mecha battling strange , powerful creatures it is yet another show that takes standard anime cliches – angst ridden teenage pilots , over the top battle sequences , end - of - the - world scenarios – and uses them to try and tell a different , deeper story .
Focusing largely on the lives of the children that are forced – at times against their will – to defend earth from this unknown , mysterious enemy it moves from being a simple coming of age story to dealing with psychoanalysis , mental illness and the essence of human nature .
Similarly , in amongst the teen drama and city - leveling action sequences Hideaki Anno ’s script plays with Christian and Biblical symbolism to explore philosophical and spiritual concepts as well as questioning the nature of reality itself .
As such it has become one of the most widely discussed and analyzed anime ever produced .
As if the series was n’t complex enough , an OVA – The End of Evangelion – was released that gave an alternate telling of the series ’ climax .
While it ’s philosophical explorations have helped it to stick in Japan ’s collective consciousness , it ’s visual style also played a massive role in revitalising the medium , and on mecha and character design in particular .
Spurning not only many imitators but also a current movie - trilogy retelling , it is still the original TV run that remains compelling and essential viewing .
Ghost in the Shell : Stand Alone Complex ( 2002 )
TV , 26 episodes
Masamune Shirow ’s Ghost in the Shell manga had already been a huge hit in Japan before Mamoru Oshii ’s 1995 film version turned it into a global cult hit , so the idea of it also spawning a TV show must have been circulating at Production IG for years .
It was n’t until 2002 that it finally happened , and as well as allowing the powerhouse studio another chance to mine the property they also took it as an opportunity to appease disgruntled fans that felt Oshii had strayed to far from the source material .
The series recaptures some of the more lighthearted , action driven feel of Shirow ’s manga , but still remains a dark , serious story of hi-tech special forces tackling hackers , terrorists , corrupt government regimes and rogue AIs .
Each episode is densely packed with complex plots that can , at times , be tough to follow , but are backed up by another eclectic , brooding Yoko Kano directed soundtrack and probably the best depiction of Shirow ’s distinctive weapon and technology designs , including the now iconic Tachikoma mechs .
Those that ca n’t commit to the entire 26 episode run can try the Laughing Man compilation film , that edits together key scenes to tell the series ’ over - arching main plotline , but risk missing out on some of the more interesting stand alone episodes .
And for those that get understandably sucked in , there ’s always the second season – Ghost in the Shell : S.A.C. 2nd Gig – which is as equally well crafted , complex and even more politically challenging .
Future Boy Conan ( 1978 )
TV , 26 episodes
A good decade before they turned Studio Ghibli into the internationally renowned animation powerhouse it is now , Hayao Miyazaki and Isao Takahata where making shows for TV , most notably amongst them Future Boy Conan .
After global catastrophes have threatened mankind with extinction , the show tells the story of a man and his 11 year old grandson Conan , the only survivors of a group attempting to flee Earth , but whom became stranded on a remote island after their spaceship crash landed .
Believing themselves to be possibly the only remaining humans , their world is turned upside down when a young girl is washed up on the shore , perused by mysterious military forces .
What ’s fascinating about watching the show now is how obviously and distinctly the 30 year old production feels like a more contemporary Ghibli classic .
All the elements are there .
Despite the obvious low budget and simple animation , the visuals exude the Ghibli magic , with the character and aircraft designs so clearly Miyazaki’s and the pacing and background vista shots so blatantly the product of Takahata ’s storyboarding .
Even more importantly it foretells the pair ’s stunning gift for storytelling , with many of the themes of Ghibli ’s output – environmental destruction , industrialisation , conflict and children facing up to their roles in the world – prototyped here .
It ’s a magical series that somehow manages to feel as much fresh as it does nostalgic , and one that should be shared with the whole family .
Planetes ( 2003 )
TV , 26 episodes
Sunrise ’s Planetes manages to accomplish something that few sci-fi TV shows – animated or otherwise – have : convincingly combine slice - of - life soap opera , humour , a realistic scientific basis and an analysis of global politics in to accessible , polished entertainment .
Set at a time when mankind is first venturing into living permanently in space it shows you the high frontier from the bottom of the social ladder as it follows the lives of the crew of the Toy Box , an ageing debris collection ship – basically the orbital equivalent of a road sweeper .
Their mundane work gains more danger and significance as their orbital world is threatened by downtrodden third world terrorists .
It ’s here – and in it ’s grim portrayal of the very real threat of cancer to those that spend to long in space – that the show as much questions the real importance of as well as celebrates human space exploration , accusing it of not only being politically and economically divisive and a waste of money and resources , but perhaps also biologically unnatural .
It ’s beautifully drawn throughout , with obvious visual nods to NASA , Stanley Kubrick ’s 2001 and classic sci- fi literature , but its Ichirō Ōkouchi ’s always tight script and believably fleshed out characters that are the show ’s winning assets .
While frequently mature and serious , through out it is paced with well handled comedy and subtle romance that makes it a joy to watch .
It ’s this skillful balance and it ’s compelling plot that make Planetes not only perhaps my favourite anime series of all time , but one of the best examples of science fiction that television of any form has produced .
Serial Experiments Lain ( 1998 )
TV , 13 episodes
Set in ‘ present day , present time ’ according to the shows opening , psychological thriller Serial Experiments Lain focuses on Lain Iwakura , a teenage girl living in suburban Japan , and her introduction to the Wired , a global communications network similar to the internet .
At a time when internet use first blossoming amongst young people and online subcultures were first taking , Lain was the first anime series to truly try and capture the emotional and social attachments that are so easily formed to virtual worlds , and how reality can seemed blurred when you divide your them between them and the actual .
But it did n’t end there – Lain went beyond looking at the psychology of internet culture to touch upon themes of philosophy , theology , mental illness , depression and existentialism .
Director Ryutaro Nakamura and writer Chiaki J. Konaka set out to create a show that would deliberately be open to different interpretations , and they certainly succeeded , with Lain being the most vigorously analysed and discussed anime since Neon Genesis Evengelion in both academic and fan circles .
With so much going on thematically it ’s easy to forget the series ’ visual impact ; the angst - ridden character design would influence not just anime but also Japanese and gothic fashion for years afterwards , and the slightly trippy , surrealistic background art questioned the constant quest for realism in animation at the time .
A challenging work at times , but ultimately a rewarding one .
Denno Coil ( 2007 )
TV , 26 Episodes
In many ways Mitsuo Iso ’s Denno Coil covers similar thematic ground to Serial Experiements Lain , but from a refreshingly different perspective .
Centered around a group of Japanese elementary school children , the show is at first glance apparently aimed at that age group , but with closer inspection that ’s about as useful an assessment as dismissing My Neighbour Totoro or Spirited Away as just kids ’ films – and the comparison between Denno Coil and some of Ghibli ’s better crafted output is a wholly deserved and justifiable one .
Set in 2026 , it tells the story of young Yūko Okonogi , who moves with her family to the city of Daikoku , the technological centre of an emerging half - virtual world , created after the introduction of internet - connected augmented reality eyeglasses .
It is n’t merely the age of of it ’s protagonists that gives Denno Coil it ’s fresh perspective compared to Lain however , it ’s also the decade between when the two were written – DC ’s understanding of how networked technology has become so interwoven with our daily lives means that it often succeeds where Lain tried but failed .
One of my strongest beliefs is that good science fiction always makes social commentary on the time in which it was written , and it is here that Denno Coil excels , presenting a world where children are more in touch with technology than their parents , are obsessed with video games and Pokemon style fads , and where peer pressure and owning the latest gadgets can become almost disturbingly important .
Truly a classic series , that exudes subtlety and elegance , and not to be missed .
Mononoke ( 2007 )
TV , 12 episodes
In 2006 Toei released their eleven episode series Ayakashi : Samurai Horror Tales , an anthology of three separate stories based on traditional Japanese myths , and written and produced by three separate teams .
The show was a moderate success , but it was the third and final story about a mysterious traveling medicine seller that caught the fans imagination , largely due to it ’s unique visual style that mimics traditional Ukiyo-e art .
A year later Toei span the character of into his series , and the breathtaking Mononoke was born .
Given an obviously larger budget and 13 episodes to work within , director Kenji Nakamura was able to push his vision to the limit .
The result was one of the most stylish , visually compelling series to emerge from Japan in decades .
His use of traditional colours animated over an exaggerated textured paper effect , and sprinkled with frenetic action and psychedelic sequences all held together by a masterful eye for framing and direction makes every single second of Mononoke a mesmerising joy to behold .
But again it ’s not just a case of style over substance ; Mononoke combines sinister plot lines and minimal , subtle sound effects to create a truly chilling , creepy horror story experience , and an anime series that genuinely feels like no other .
So , what have I missed out ?
Last Exile ?
Flag ?
Patlabor ?
Think I ’ve completely missed the point here , and I should be trying to convert non-anime fans by subjecting them to 12 hours of Lucky Star ?
Hit the comments below and tell me what a fool I am .
Go on , it ’ll be therapeutic .
For both of us .
“ The Zombulator will continue to wreak havoc , ” opined a worried Web site named the Motley Fool a couple of weeks ago , “ as long as we pursue a Zombie Bank policy . ” A few months before , a group of anxious academics wrote in The Irish Times that “ Irish banks must be recapitalized if Ireland is to avoid a Japan - style prolonged recession , retarded by zombie banks . ”
And Mark Gilbert , a Bloomberg News columnist who thinks that “ the zombie banks are demanding to be let back into the financial mall so they can pillage the global markets anew , ” headlined his somewhat alarmist view : “ Fresh Flesh Runs Screaming as Zombie Banks Drool . ”
Blanch not , horror fans ; the etymology of zombie offers understanding .
An 1819 history averred that Zombi is the name for an Angolan diety ; in 1872 , the early student of Americanisms Maximilian Schele de Vere defined the proper noun as “ a phantom or a ghost , not infrequently heard in the Southern States in nurseries and among the servants ” and speculated that “ the word is a Creole corruption of the Spanish sombra . ”
A century later , as the word lost its capital and picked up a final e , The Times of London reported that “ a zombie , as every schoolboy knows , is a person who has been killed and raised from the dead by sinister voodoo priests called bocors . ”
The spooky name was then taken up by bartenders to describe a stupefying rum highball ; at the turn of the millennium , the supposedly strolling stiffs , capable of giving a fright even to vampires , reappeared to denote a series of computers taken over by evil geeks to be used in concert to bombard a target site with choking data .
To current , rampant use : zombie , in reference to a bank with negative assets that survives thanks to government support , reports the O.E.D. lexicographer Jesse Sheidlower , was apparently coined by Edward J. Kane in a 1987 article about the acts of the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation in the journal Contemporary Policy Issues titled “ Dangers of Capital Forbearance : The Case of the F.S.L.I.C. and ‘ Zombie ’ S.&L.’s . ”
The qualifier “ apparently ” is used because quotation marks in a citation often suggest earlier use , and zombie often refers to Japan ’s decision in the ’ 80s to shore up its troubled banks in a way that led to its “ lost decade ” of stagflation .
In 2004 , a review in The Japan Times by Jeff Kingston of a book by Gillian Tett noted that in the 1990s “ Japan ’s zombie companies transformed their lenders into zombie banks , all kept on government life support . ”
Ten days ago , 19 large United States banks bolstered by huge federal infusions reported on the varying results of the stress tests given by the government lender - investor - bailouter ( the Zombulator ? ) to see how they could stand up to recession pressures .
Stress test , an 1890s engineering term , began in the 1960s to be used to describe an electrocardiogram of the heart taken during exercise .
Sheidlower dug up a stunning early application of the way it is used today : “ The American dollar and the world ’s confidence in the American economic system were being subjected to severe stress tests . ”
The reporter : David S. Broder .
The year : 1978 .
The new GHC build system has been now been merged in .
GHC developers can look forward to increases in productivity and faster build times thanks to the new non-recursive make design .
Here are some quick stats :
Lines of build - system code ( including Makefile and Haskell code ) :
old build system : 7793
new build system : 5766 ( about 2000 fewer lines , or a 26 % reduction )
Furthermore , this does n’t count the code for ‘ cabal make ’ , which is still in Cabal but is no longer used by GHC .
Time to validate with - j2 ( the default ; test suite is still single - threaded ) :
old : 28 mins
new : 28 mins
Single and dual - core builds do n’t see much difference .
However , adding more cores starts to demonstrate the improved parallelism : validate with - j4 ( still single - threaded test suite ) :
old : 25.3 mins
new : 24.0 mins
Parallelism in the new build system is a lot better .
It can build libraries in parallel with each other , profiled libraries in parallel with non-profiled libraries , and even libraries in parallel with stage 2 .
There ’s very little explicit ordering in the new build system , we only tell make about dependencies .
Time to do ‘ make ’ when the tree is fully up - to - date :
old : 2 m 41s
new : 4.1s
Time to do ‘ make distclen ’ :
old : 5.7s
new : 1.0s
We also have all - new build - system documentation .
The biggest change you ’ll notice is that the build system now expresses all the dependencies , so whatever you change , you should be able to say ‘ make ’ to bring everything up to date .
Sometimes this can result in more rebuilding than you were expecting , or more than is strictly necessary , but it should save time in the long run as we run
into fewer problems caused by things being inconsistent or out - of - date in the build .
We stretched GNU make to its limits .
On the whole it performed pretty well : even for a build of this size , the time and memory consumed by make itself is negligible .
The most annoying problem we encountered was the need to split the build into phases to work around GNU make ’s lack of support for dependencies between included makefiles .
On the whole I ’m now convinced that non-recursive make is not only useful but practical , provided you stick to some clear idioms in your build - system design .
Penalties for First DUI Offense in Georgia
The Consequences of a First - Time DUI
If you are facing a DUI offense for the first time , there are a few pieces of information that you should know about the road ahead .
Generally , the penalties for drunk driving vary depending on a person 's criminal history and the number of previous DUIs they have .
If you are facing a DUI charge for the first time , you may be subject to the following :
Among the valuable legal services at The Law Offices of Howard J. Weintraub , P.C. , we represent people who have been arrested on drunk driving charges .
Collectively , our skilled legal team has more than 55 years of experience .
With a history of success handling thousands of DUI cases , our firm has a valuable skillset of knowledge and experience that may help you get your DUI charge dismissed , minimize your damages , and restore your driving privileges .
Our Atlanta DUI lawyers are here to help .
Contact our firm today !
Serving Time in a Jail Sentence
A first - time DUI conviction may result in a jail sentence from 24 hours to as much as 12 months .
If your blood alcohol concentration ( BAC ) is shown to be above 0.08 % at the time of the arrest , the law requires a minimum sentence of 24 hours .
However , if your BAC is shown to be below 0.08 % , a jail sentence is not required by law ( though a judge may still issue one ) .
In addition , you may face a probation period of up to 12 months .
Contesting BAC tests is an effective way of fighting to reduce potential jail sentences and other punishments .
Paying Monetary Fines
Georgia law requires that individuals convicted of drunk driving pay a minimum fine of $ 300 , to a maximum of $ 1,000 .
This amount is usually determined by a judge in court .
In addition , you are also expected to pay fees associated with court procedures and other assessments .
A DUI offense can amount to several thousand dollars — fighting these charges effectively with guidance from a DUI attorney in Atlanta may significantly reduce the potential cost of the ordeal .
Required Community Service
Any driver over the age of 21 , and drivers under the age of 21 who test for a BAC of 0.08 % or more , are required to perform a minimum of 55 hours ' community service .
Drivers under the age of 21 who test for a BAC less than 0.08 % are required to perform a minimum of 20 hours .
This is another situation where contesting BAC evidence may protect you against a severe punishment .
Driver 's License Suspension
If you are convicted of DUI , your license will be suspended for a period of 12 months .
This could have serious consequences to your job and severely impact your financial stability .
However , Georgia law allows for individuals to seek a limited driving permit in order to drive to and from a place of employment and other occupational duties .
Keep in mind that this driving permit comes with fees .
When this permit expires ( which is usually after 120 days ) , you may be able to petition for the restoration of your driving privileges .
This includes attending driving school and paying a fee to reinstate your driver 's license .
After an arrest , your license may be suspended by a court conviction or a DDS license suspension hearing .
Ensure your rights are protected in both situations .
Attending DUI School & Clinical Evaluation
Sometimes known as " DUI school , " a DUI Alcohol or Drug Use Risk Reduction Program is another required punishment for a drunk driving conviction .
The course must be completed before you are able to renew your driving privileges and re-obtain a driver 's license .
The cost of attending these programs is approximately $ 250 .
You are also required to undergo an alcohol / drug dependency evaluation .
If this evaluation determines that treatment may be warranted , you will then be required to complete a substance abuse treatment program .
Like other DUI offense punishments , this must be completed before you may fully regain your driving privileges .
DUI " Look - Back " Period
The look - back period determines the severity of some drunk driving punishments , such as license suspension .
If a person has more than one DUI conviction within five years of each other , the license suspension period may be more severe .
If a person has more than one DUI conviction within ten years of each other , determinations of jail time , monetary fines , community service , and other punishments may be more severe .
Do n't feel overwhelmed by the situation you face — get dedicated legal counsel from our DUI defense attorneys in Atlanta .
Schedule a consultation with our firm today !
Library Book Riles Small Wisconsin Town
' Baby Be- Bop ' and Its Gay Teen Angst Too Much for Christian Civil Liberties Union
There are 174,000 books in the West Bend Community Memorial Library , but Robert Braun , 74 , of West Allis , Wis. , just wants to burn one -- " Baby Be- Bop , " by Francesca Lia Block .
" We will have demonstrations if they do n't remove it , " he said .
" It has to be out of the library .
If that does n't happen , I will be out there burning . "
Braun and three fellow members of the Christian Civil Liberties Union have filed a claim against the West Bend Library for stocking " Baby Be - Bop " in its young adult section .
The book , which is about a teen struggling with his homosexuality , is " explicitly vulgar , racial and anti-Christian " and is " inappropriate for the elderly and their minor grandchildren , and degrades the community , " according to the complaint .
Braun said he found the homosexual content particularly offensive .
" They call one character ' faggot ' with every swear word you can think of ... and they use the N - word , " Braun said .
The complaint asks for " damages and demand for relief pursuant to Wisconsin Statute Section 893.80 . "
Specifically , the plaintiffs , only one of whom lives in West Bend , are asking for $ 120,000 , and that West Bend Mayor Kristine Deiss resign and the " racist book be removed and publicly burned or destroyed as a deterrent to repeating this offensive conduct . "
But one person 's vulgar book is another 's " lyrical tale of love , faith and self - acceptance . "
At least that 's how Publisher 's Weekly described " Baby Be-Bop . "
The story centers on an adolescent boy named Dirk , who struggles with the knowledge that he is gay .
" This is a book about the pain that homophobia can inflict on a young person 's life , " said Larry Siems , director of the Freedom to Write Program at New York City - based PEN American Center , which advocates for free expression .
" This is a particular kind of theater to ask the courts to sanction a book burning .
... I think their position is so fundamentally un-American .
This is not a country that burns books .
The plaintiffs in this suit are elderly and they were probably alive in World War II when the Nazis were burning books .
Our country emphatically rejects book burning . "
Not the First Complaint in West Bend
The American Library Association has a voluntary reporting system that records challenges to library books .
So far , there have been 518 actual challenges to library books this year .
That number is up from around 490 last year .
The young adult section , in particular , is becoming a flashpoint in many local libraries , according to Deborah Caldwell - Stone , acting director for Intellectual Freedom at the ALA .
The vast majority of complaints come from parents raising concerns about things like witchcraft in the Harry Potter series or sexual issues in young adult fiction .
Within those complaints , Caldwell - Stone sees what she calls a troubling trend .
" This inclination to treat young adults as 5 - year - olds who are not capable of handling materials that are more sophisticated is a real problem that we are seeing in many communities , " she said .
In West Bend , for example , the demand to burn a book is just the latest action brought against the library in recent months .
In February , a group called West Bend Citizens for Safe Libraries , led by Ginny Maziarka , complained about four books in the young adult section , two focused on coming - of - age gay characters and two others dealing with sex education .
Maziarka said she first learned about sexually explicit teen literature by looking at the library 's Web site .
" I could n't understand why we were recommending books on sex to teens ... and we 're not talking about hickeys ; these are crude and raunchy books . "
Maziarka said she is not in favor of book burning or banning but would like several books , including " Baby Be- Bop , " moved to a separate section in the library and be clearly identified with a warning label indicating the book is " sexually explicit . "
She said her organization has nothing to do with the Christian Civil Liberties Union .
West Bend Library Director Michael
Tyree has been at the 62,000 - square - foot facility for 15 years .
Until recently , his library meetings have been placid affairs , sparsely attended by the public .
But lately , Tyree has had standing - room - only crowds in excess of 300 , all clamoring for a chance to speak .
Meetings are now regularly posted on YouTube , and tensions run high .
" I heard one city council member say we are a porn shop , " Tyree said .
" People go to church now and hear we have a porn pit here ... you know many of these people making the accusations do n't even have library cards . "
Bury It , Rip It Up or Shred It
As the father of twin 16 - year - old boys , Tyree thinks the protestors and the book - burners are missing the point .
" My son , Josh , said , ' Dad , nobody our age reads anymore . "
Tyree said his son wonders why people are so worried about a book that will take three hours to plow through because kids in study hall can get to explicit sex sites in 20 seconds on their phones .
" Reading is not where kids get information about sex acts these days , " Tyree said .
The author at the center of this literary firestorm , Francesca Lia Block , has published dozens of books for young adults and adults .
Block is upset by the calls to publicly burn her book and defends her work .
In an e-mail message , Block said the themes in her books cover " equal rights , self - expression and the healing power of art and love . "
Block added , " I am certainly not anti-Christian in any way and respect true Christianity . "
Braun said the library board has three months to act on his claim , which was confirmed by city officials .
The city of West Bend 's insurance company is looking into the matter .
In an apparent attempt to soften his complaint , Braun did say that fire codes may prevent any actual burning of the book , so he would be satisfied if the library " buried it , ripped it up , or shredded it . "
Our Review
Crunchball 3000 is a fast - paced futuristic sports game that will surely remind you of Amiga classic Speedball 2 .
Take control of a team of 10 players and bash it out on the pitch to try and score more goals than your opponents .
After each match you can spend some money to upgrade your team or save it up for the end - of - season where you can hire star players .
Looks excellent and plays like a dream – my only complaint being it could have done with a few in - game powerups !
Our Rating : 4 / 5
Description
Futuristic violent sports game .
Simple rules : 2 teams of 10 .
Get the ball in the opponents goal .
Play your way up through 4 divisions to become world champions .
32 Teams
320 Players each with their own unique names and abilities
Customize all team colors , names and player names
Train your players , upgrade their equipment , transfer players and even give them performance enhancing drugs at the risk of a fine
Inspired by the classic amiga game " Speedball 2 : Brutal Deluxe "
Instructions
Re-definable via options menu
p – Pause
Player 1 Controls
WASD – Movement
G – Throw ball
H – Pass to highlighted player
J – Change formation
Player 2 Controls
Arrows – Movement
NUM 1 – Throw ball
NUM 2 – Pass to highlighted player
NUM 3 – Change formation
Thanks for playing !
Now check out Thanks for playing !
Now check out Guild of Dungeoneering , a game I 'm making where you build the dungeon instead of controlling the hero !
\o/
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) -- Swindlers , con men , and thieves could siphon off as much as $ 50 billion of the government 's planned stimulus package as the money begins flooding the economy in coming months , according to David Williams , who runs Deloitte Financial Services Advisory and counsels clients on fraud prevention .
Williams predicted that about $ 500 billion of the total $ 787 billion stimulus would be channeled into the traditional procurement network for government contracts , while the rest will be spent directly by the government or outside the corporate network .
" The rule of thumb typically is that of the about $ 500 billion worth of money that 's going to run through the procurement process , somewhere between 5 % and 10 % of that usually finds it way into potential problems , " Williams said .
" That 's sort of the benchmark that I use . "
Companies will face increased pressure to try to stem the tide , and need to be prepared to safeguard data as well as the cash , according to Williams .
Williams said this week that the money flowing from the current stimulus package is particularly vulnerable to fraud because almost all movement of money is now done electronically .
" We 're telling our clients to be very careful and to make sure their firms are resilient in terms of dealing with the potential opportunities for fraud and waste , " Williams said .
That means keeping an eye out for the traditional scams such as billing for services not performed .
But it also means firms must become even more diligent about electronic records and network security .
" It becomes ever more important that firms remain diligent about their data , " Williams said .
Earlier this month , FBI Director Robert Mueller warned the nation to brace for a potential crime wave involving fraud and corruption related to the economic stimulus package .
" These funds are inherently vulnerable to bribery , fraud , conflicts of interest , and collusion .
There is an old adage , that where there is money to be made , fraud is not far behind , like bees to honey , " Mueller said .
See full story .
Earlier this month , Vice President Joe Biden said some stimulus - related scams had already happened and that some mistakes were inevitable .
President Barack Obama said Monday that the White House is trying to make sure the stimulus money is n't being ill - spent .
He said many of the safeguards and transparency measures " so far seem to have worked " but added his administration will have to stay vigilant .
" At a time when everybody is tightening their belts , the last thing the American people want to see is that any of this money is being wasted , " Obama said .
Potential damage
Williams suggested that the fraud and theft losses from the roughly $ 787 billion stimulus package approved earlier this year could reach about $ 50 billion .
Williams said firms would be well advised to beef up monitoring of their transaction systems , and that his firm is helping clients develop software and computer systems to predict and catch fraud before it gets started .
Williams acknowledged that the FBI has geared up its efforts to focus on financial scams .
He said other agencies , including the Department of Justice and industry watchdogs , are also beefing up oversight .
" They are going to spend their time making sure that this money gets to being used in the way it 's supposed to be used , " Williams added .
After 9 - 11 , counterterrorism became the FBI 's top priority , even as the agency grappled with corporate crime such as the Enron and WorldCom scandals , said Mueller , who took the helm of the FBI on Sept.
4 , 2001 , just one week ahead of the terrorist attacks .
The 9 - 11 attacks prompted the FBI and other government agencies to divert resources from financial fraud and other corporate crimes to fighting terrorism , including the transfer of 2,000 agents tracking white - collar crime to counterterrorism , Mueller said .
But now the focus is returning to white - collar crime and fraud in a big way .
" These rules will come right back to haunt companies if they are not careful , " Williams said .
" So firms need to make sure that their organizations are ready to receive funds and protect those funds diligently as the potential for fraud surfaces . "
He said that for the largest companies used to doing contract work with the government a high level of oversight will be business as usual .
" But there will be others where this is unprecedented and they will have to do more to comply , " Williams added .
Meanwhile , Obama said the White House will keep trying to make sure citizens know where the stimulus money is going .
" We 're going to do it continuing to operate in a transparent fashion so that taxpayers know this money is not being wasted on a bunch of boondoggles , " Obama said at the White House on Monday .
Chagall : A Biography by Jackie Wullschlager Knopf , 582 pp. , $ 40.00
1 .
The painter known to the world as Marc Chagall was born Movsha ( Moses ) Shagal on July 7 , 1887 , into a poor family living on the fringes of the Russian Empire .
When he died ninety - eight years later , he was the last surviving member of the School of Paris and a multimillionaire with a flat on the Quai d’Anjou in Paris and a villa in the South of France .
Swept up in the most momentous events of the twentieth century , including two world wars and the Russian Revolution , his long life was punctuated by dislocation , flight , immigration , and exile .
As a young man he managed to arrive in Paris in 1911 , just as the city was becoming aware of Cubism , then on his return to Russia watched the ascendancy of Suprematism , in the work of Malevich and Lissitzky .
He was able smoothly to incorporate stylistic components from both of these crucial developments in twentieth - century art into his own work without becoming identified with either .
He was esteemed by the Surrealists in Paris between the wars but never considered himself a Surrealist , and exhibited alongside exiled European artists in New York in the 1940s without mingling with the émigré community .
In his later years he became internationally famous for his stage sets and costume designs , as well as for his decorative work in stained glass , mural painting , and ceiling decoration .
His life is a gift to a biographer .
His art , though , is another story .
Jackie Wullschlager ’s substantial biography draws on a wealth of unpublished letters still in the possession of his descendants to tell the story of Chagall ’s journey from shtetl to château .
But not for an instant did it convince me that Chagall was a great or even an important artist .
He himself believed that by the time of his final departure from Russia in 1922 his best work was behind him , even though he was to live for another sixty - three years .
But is there really all that much to respect even in the early paintings ?
What , finally , did he contribute to the history of twentieth - century art ?
The more I read about Chagall the artist , the less original his paintings looked , though I must add that the author ’s descriptions of his theater and ballet designs rekindled the admiration I have long felt for his work for the stage .
The opening chapters vividly evoke the world of Chagall ’s boyhood in Vitebsk , which lay within the Pale of Settlement , the area of western Russia to which Catherine …
White Sticky Rice – Kao Niow
by Kasma Loha-unchit
Thai Ingredient Index
See also : Information on Black Sticky Rice and Jasmine Rice
You might enjoy our blog entry on Thong Lo Mangos ( and Sticky Rice )
Sticky Rice – A Special Chewy White Rice
The people of northern and northeastern Thailand prefer to consume a variety of rice called kao niow or , literally , " sticky rice . "
Easily cultivated on the hillsides and high plateaus of these two regions , it requires less water to grow than the wet rice of the central lowlands .
More commonly known as " sweet " or " glutinous " rice among other Asians , it is usually identified by either of these two names on the labels of rice sacks .
Sticky rice is a starchy grain .
If steamed or boiled the same way as regular rice , the grains will break down and become soft and mushy in consistency .
Instead ,
Thai people like to cook it in such a way that the rice grains remain whole and have a firm , chewy texture .
To accomplish this , the rice is soaked for several hours ( 4 hours or more ) until the grains have absorbed enough water to cook .
Then it is drained and steamed dry in a woven bamboo basket without adding any water .
Though the grains remain whole , steamed sticky rice sticks together in a lump .
Northerners and northeasterners eat with their hand , pulling off a bite - size chunk at a time and rolling the rice with the fingers and palm of the right hand roughly to form a ball .
The rice ball is then dipped in a spicy sauce , or picked up together with morsels of accompanying meat , fish or vegetables .
Sticky rice lends itself well to eating by hand .
It is not messy because , if done correctly , the grains stick to each other but not to the fingers or the palm .
Rolling the last bite of rice at the end of a meal usually sops up the remaining juices and grease from fingers and palm and effectively cleans the hand .
In the rural northeast , or the Isahn region – the country 's poorest and most traditional region – a recent song likens the togetherness of villagers to the sticky rice they eat , people " sticking " together and helping each other out in contrast with city folk in the central valley who have lost their ties to family and village .
Sticky rice comes in both short - grain and long - grain varieties .
Thai people prefer the long - grain rice ; the short - grain variety is more commonly used in Chinese and Japanese cooking .
Among the long - grain varieties , some have a delicate , aromatic flavor , and these " high - grade " hybrids are distinguished as " jasmine " sweet or glutinous rice , much like their fragrant cousins in the non-glutinous family .
The starchiness of sticky rice gives it a distinct opaque whiteness different from the more translucent appearance of regular rice grains , but the reverse is true after the rices are cooked .
Soaked and steamed as described , sticky rice becomes translucent , while regular rice turns opaque white when cooked .
Sticky rice is consumed in other parts of Thailand as well , but usually it is sweetened and flavored with coconut milk for sweet snacks or desserts .
( See recipe for Coconut Flavored Sticky Rice with Mangoes . )
It is especially popular during the mango and durian season when tons of the coconut - flavored rice are sold to eat along with these precious fruits .
In mango season during the hottest months of the year – March through May – streetside vendors , neighborhood fruit stands and kanom ( sweet snack ) shops all over the country do a brisk business selling sticky rice along with their precious golden fruits .
Large mounds of glistening grains filling enormous metal bowls may be seen alongside neatly arranged piles of yellow mangoes and odoriferous prickly durians .
These are two of the favorite fruits among
Thai people , and both go well with rich , creamy sticky rice .
When eating Isahn food , steamed sticky rice is a definite must .
Barbecued chicken with Green Papaya Salad ; various lahbs ( intensely spicy minced meat salads ) ; fermented sour sausages called naem ; little round Isahn pork sausages and spicy nahm prik sauces made with fermented shrimp or fish , accompanied by crisp raw vegetables and pungent and aromatic herbs – all are very good when eaten together with chewy sticky rice .
It seems the more you chew , the better everything tastes .
Use your hand as the Isahn people do .
It makes for a truly delightful finger - licking experience .
Cooking White Sticky Rice
To cook sticky rice , Thais use a cone - shaped , woven bamboo basket that looks somewhat like a straw hat .
The basket fits over a tall companion pot with a wide collar to hold it in place .
Depending on how much rice is to be steamed , any round lid that fits above the rice level in the basket can be used as a cover .
A few inches of water in the pot , when heated over a burner , produce the steam which rises and passes through the basket to cook the presoaked rice .
Homes and restaurants in the north and northeast serve cooked sticky rice in small round baskets with covers ( called gkra - dtip ) , which are placed around the dining table .
These baskets come in different sizes ; some hold enough rice for one or two people , while larger ones serve four or more .
The special steaming basket and pot are available from Southeast Asian markets and are essential for the even cooking of larger quantities of sticky rice ( from a few cups to five pounds of rice at a time . )
They are inexpensive , about five dollars apiece , and will last a long , long time , making lots of wonderful batches of delicious sticky rice .
If you are unable to find the special basket , try using a straw or wire - mesh colander placed on a rack over a steamer .
Avoid steaming the rice directly on a steamer rack lined with dampened cloth ( as suggested by some sources ) because the moisture the cloth absorbs is likely to turn the grains touching it into a mushy , gooey mass .
If you are making just a small quantity ( i.e. , less than two cups ) , it would work to steam the rice in a dry bowl placed on a steamer rack .
Do spread the grains out loosely rather than compacting them down on the dish ; this makes it easier for the steam to reach the inner layers and cook all the grains more evenly .
Make sure to soak the rice in plenty of water for several hours , or overnight , before steaming .
Steam about half an hour or until the rice is thoroughly cooked through .
( See recipe for Steamed White Sticky Rice . )
Do n't use the sticky rice cooking method for other sorts of rice .
It wo n't work because non-glutinous rice is a much denser grain and will not absorb water the same way glutinous rice does .
Even if soaked all day , when steamed dry , regular rice will not cook and produce the chewy texture of sticky rice .
Buying Sticky Rice
Sticky rice is usually labelled " glutinous rice " or " sweet rice . "
The following brands are all good : Golden Phoenix , Butterfly , and Sanpatong ( Three Ladies Brand ) .
Our Ingredients Index contains links to many more Thai ingredients .
Copyright 1995 Kasma Loha-unchit in It Rains Fishes .
All rights reserved .
Return to top
2010.07.9/v3.2
SCIM
Dealing in Security
Six ways to die ( 6WTD )
There are six basic ways in which people die , and three sets of essential services which protect them .
Shelter protects from :
1. Too Hot 2 . Too Cold
Supply protects from :
3. Hunger 4 .
Thirst
Safety protects from :
5. Illness 6 . Injury
Good physical infrastructure and social services bring these risks down to acceptable levels .
In a crisis the challenge is to reduce these risks by restoring essential services .
Shelter
Shelter refers not just to the home , but to the essential services like power , cooling , heating and so on that make it habitable year round .
Not all homes have these services , and not all climates requir e them .
Supply
We all need regular food and water to stay alive .
These essential supplies are provided in very different ways in different parts of the world - plumbing versus water carriers , for example .
Safety
Protection from illness and injury is provided by health care , public hea lth , hos pit als , san ita ti on infrastructure , police , security services and the military .
In the developing world , the six risks are increased by a combination of poor physical infrastructure , poverty , and in some areas social instability .
In most crises in the developed world the short term pressures on infrastructure systems do not threaten lives .
However , in more severe times of crisis , or in develo pin g world disa ster s , infrastructure failures can be even more dangerous than the original disaster .
Water and sanitation issues are particularly problema tic .
Simple critical infrastructure maps (
Since no one is blogging around here , and I 'm still working on my book , I will cheat and just post an excerpt from the manuscript .
Not an especially original one , either ; in this section I steal shamelessly from the nice paper that Ted Bunn wrote last year about evolution and entropy ( inspired by an previous paper by Daniel Styer ) .
------------------------------------
Without even addressing the question of how “ life ” should be defined , we can ask what sounds like a subsequent question : does life make thermodynamic sense ?
The answer , before you get too excited , is “ yes . ”
But the opposite has been claimed – not by any respectable scientists , but by creationists looking to discredit Darwinian natural selection as the correct explanation for the evolution of life on Earth .
One of their arguments relies on a misunderstanding of the Second Law , which they read as “ entropy always increases , ” and then interpret as a universal tendency toward decay and disorder in all natural processes .
Whatever life is , it ’s pretty clear that life is complicated and orderly – how , then , can it be reconciled with the natural tendency toward disorder ?
There is , of course , no contradiction whatsoever .
The creationist argument would equally well imply that refrigerators are impossible , so it ’s clearly not correct .
The Second Law does n’t say that entropy always increases .
It says that entropy always increases ( or stays constant ) in a closed system , one that does n’t interact noticeably with the external world .
But it ’s pretty obvious that life is not like that ; living organisms interact very strongly with the external world .
They are the quintessential examples of open systems .
And that is pretty much that ; we can wash our hands of the issue and get on with our lives .
But there ’s a more sophisticated version of the argument , which you could imagine being true – although it still is n’t – and it ’s illuminating ( and fun ) to see exactly how it fails .
The more sophisticated argument is quantitative : sure , living beings are open systems , so in principle they can decrease entropy somewhere as long as it increases somewhere else .
How do you know that the increase in entropy in the outside world is really enough to account for the low entropy of living beings ?
As we mentioned way back in Chapter Two , the Earth and its biosphere are systems that are very far away from thermal equilibrium .
In equilibrium , the temperature is the same everywhere , whereas when we look up we see a very hot Sun in an otherwise very cold sky .
There is plenty of room for entropy to increase , and that ’s exactly what ’s happening .
But it ’s instructive to run the numbers .
The energy budget of the Earth , considered as a single system , is pretty simple .
We get energy from the Sun , via radiation ; we lose the same amount of energy to empty space , also via radiation .
( Not exactly the same ; processes such as nuclear decays also heat up the Earth and leak energy into space , and the rate at which energy is radiated is not strictly constant .
Still , it ’s an excellent approximation . )
But while the amount is the same , there is a big difference in the quality of the energy we get and the energy we give back .
Remember back in the pre-Boltzmann days , entropy was understood as a measurement of the uselessness of a certain amount of energy ; low - entropy forms of energy could be put to useful work , such as powering an engine or grinding flour , while high - entropy forms of energy just sat there .
The energy we get from the Sun is of a low - entropy , useful form , while the energy we radiate back out into space has a much higher entropy .
The temperature of the Sun is about twenty times the average temperature of the Earth .
The temperature of radiation is just the average energy of the photons of which it is made , so the Earth needs to radiate twenty low - energy ( long - wavelength , infrared ) photons for every one high - energy ( short - wavelength , visible ) photon it receives .
It turns out , after a bit of math , that twenty times as many photons directly translates into twenty times the entropy .
The Earth emits the same amount of energy as it receives , but with twenty times higher entropy .
The hard part is figuring out just what we mean when we say that the life forms here on Earth are “ low - entropy . ”
How exactly do we do the coarse - graining ?
It is possible to come up with reasonable answers to that question , but it ’s complicated .
Fortunately , there is a dramatic shortcut we can take .
Consider the entire biomass of the Earth – all of the molecules that are found in living organisms of any type .
We can easily calculate the maximum entropy that collection of molecules could have , if it were in thermal equilibrium ; plugging in the numbers ( the biomass is 10 ^ 15 kilograms , the temperature of the Earth is 255 Kelvin ) , we find that its maximum entropy is 10 ^ 44 .
And we can compare that to the absolute minimum entropy it could have – if it were in an exactly unique state , the entropy would be precisely zero .
So the largest conceivable change in entropy that would be required to take a completely disordered collection of molecules the size of our biomass and turn them into absolutely any configuration at all – including the actual ecosystem we currently have – is 10 ^ 44 .
If the evolution of life is consistent with the Second Law , it must be the case that the Earth has generated more entropy over the course of life ’s evolution by converting high - energy photons into low - energy ones than it has decreased entropy by creating life .
The number 10 ^ 44 is certainly an overly generous estimate – we do n’t have to generate nearly that much entropy , but if we can generate that much , the Second Law is in good shape .
How long does it take to generate that much entropy by converting useful solar energy into useless radiated heat ?
The answer , once again plugging in the temperature of the Sun and so forth , is : about one year .
Every year , if we were really efficient , we could take an undifferentiated mass as large as the entire biosphere and arrange it in a configuration with as small an entropy as we can imagine .
In reality , life has evolved over billions of years , and the total entropy of the “ Sun + Earth ( including life ) + escaping radiation ” system has increased by quite a bit .
So the Second Law is perfectly consistent with life as we know it ; not that you were ever in doubt .
Editor 's note : David MacKay is a professor of physics at the University of Cambridge .
His book , " Sustainable Energy - Without the Hot Air , " is published by UIT Cambridge and is also available in electronic form for free from http://www.withouthotair.com/.
David MacKay says people engage in wishful thinking about energy because they do n't look at the math .
( CNN ) --
We need to introduce simple arithmetic into our discussions of energy .
We need to understand how much energy our chosen lifestyles consume , we need to decide where we want that energy to come from , and we need to get on with building energy systems of sufficient size to match our desired consumption .
Our failure to talk straight about the numbers is allowing people to persist in wishful thinking , inspired by inane sayings such as " every little bit helps . "
Assuming we are serious about getting off fossil fuels , the scale of building required should not be underestimated .
Small actions alone will not deliver a solution .
Let 's express energy consumption and energy production using simple personal units , namely kilowatt - hours .
One kilowatt - hour ( kWh ) is the energy used by leaving a 40 - watt bulb on for 24 hours .
The chemical energy in the food we eat to stay alive amounts to about 3 kWh per day .
Taking one hot bath uses about 5 kWh of heat .
Driving an average European car 100 kilometers ( roughly 62 miles ) uses 80 kWh of fuel .
With a few of these numbers in mind , we can start to evaluate some of the recommendations that people make about energy .
Take , for example , the idea that one of the top 10 things you should do to make a difference to your energy consumption is to unplug your cell - phone charger when you are not using it .
The truth is that leaving a phone charger plugged in uses about 0.01 kWh per day , 1/100th of the power consumed by a lightbulb .
This means that switching the phone charger off for a whole day saves the same energy as is used in driving an average car for one second .
Switching off phone chargers is like bailing the Titanic with a teaspoon .
I 'm not saying you should n't unplug it , but please realize , when you do so , what a tiny fraction it is of your total energy footprint .
In total , the European lifestyle uses 125 kWh per day per person for transport , heating , manufacturing , and electricity .
That 's equivalent to every person having 125 light bulbs switched on all the time .
The average American uses 250 kWh per day : 250 light bulbs .
And most of this energy today comes from fossil fuels .
What are our post - fossil - fuel options ?
Among the energy - saving options , two promising technology switches are the electrification of transportation ( electric vehicles can be about four times as energy - efficient as standard fossil - fuel vehicles ) and the use of electric - powered heat pumps to deliver winter heating and hot water ( heat pumps can be four times as energy - efficient as standard heaters ) .
Among all the energy - supply technologies , the three with the biggest potential today are solar power , wind power and nuclear power .
As a thought - experiment , let 's imagine that technology switches and lifestyle changes manage to halve American energy consumption to 125 kWh per day per person .
How big would the solar , wind and nuclear facilities need to be to supply this halved consumption ?
For simplicity , let 's imagine getting one - third of the energy supply from each .
To supply 42 kWh per day per person from solar power requires roughly 80 square meters per person of solar panels .
To deliver 42 kWh per day per person from wind for everyone in the United States would require wind farms with a total area roughly equal to the area of California , a 200 - fold increase in United States wind power .
To get 42 kWh per day per person from nuclear power would require 525 one - gigawatt nuclear power stations , a roughly five - fold increase over today 's levels .
I hope these numbers convey the scale of action required to put in place a sustainable energy solution .
What about tidal power ?
What about wave power ?
What about geothermal energy , biofuels or hydroelectricity ?
In a short article , I can't discuss all the technology options .
But the sober message about wind and solar applies to all renewables :
All renewables , much as I love them , deliver only a small power per unit area , so if we want renewable facilities to supply power on a scale at all comparable to our consumption , those facilities must be big .
If you do n't want to build 1 million wind turbines , you can drill 1 million geothermal boreholes instead .
Before I close , I would like to say a few words about the idea that " the hydrogen economy " can magically solve our energy problems .
The truth is that , in energy terms , today 's hydrogen - powered vehicles do n't help at all .
Most prototype hydrogen - powered vehicles use more energy than the fossil - fuel vehicles they replace .
The BMW Hydrogen 7 , for example , uses 254 kWh per 100 km , but the average fossil car in Europe uses 80 kWh per 100 km .
In contrast , electric vehicles use far less energy : as little as 20 kWh per 100 km , or even 6 kWh per 100 km .
The problem with hydrogen is that both the creation and the use of hydrogen are energy - inefficient steps .
Adopting hydrogen as a transport fuel would increase our energy demand .
And , as I hope the numbers above have shown , supplying energy to match our demand is not going to be easy .
The public discussion of energy options tends to be emotional , polarized , mistrustful and destructive .
I hope that focusing attention on the numbers may make it possible to develop honest and constructive conversations about energy .
It 's not going to be easy to make a energy plan that adds up , but it is possible .
We need to get building .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David MacKay .
All About Alternative Energy Technology • Electricity Generation • Alternative Fuel Vehicles
( New York ) -
The arrests of 67 men in Riyadh on June 13 , 2009 , reportedly for wearing women 's clothing , violate basic human rights to privacy and freedom of expression , Human Rights Watch said today .
Human Rights
Watch called on Saudi authorities to drop charges against the men , most of them from other countries , and release any they are still holding .
" If the police in Saudi Arabia can arrest people simply because they do n't like their clothes , no one is safe , " said Rasha Moumneh , researcher in the Middle East and North Africa division of Human Rights Watch .
The episode was reported by the Saudi daily Al - Riyadh on June 16 and corroborated by independent sources contacted by Human Rights Watch who asked to remain anonymous out of fear of reprisal .
The newspaper reported that several men outside a private party , held in an east Riyadh neighborhood to celebrate the Philippines ' Independence Day , were arrested for what the police told them was " suspicious behavior " because they were wearing women 's clothing .
The police questioned the men , then raided the party , arresting 67 men in all , including one Yemeni and numerous Filipinos , Al - Riyadh reported .
The police said they found more women 's clothing , cosmetics , and alcohol .
While Saudi law prohibits possession of alcohol , the reports indicated that it was the men's dress that prompted the police to conduct the raid and make the arrests .
Roussel Reyes , the vice consul of the Philippine embassy in Riyadh , told Human Rights
Watch that the men face charges of " imitating women " and possession of alcohol .
The Filipino men were released after their respective work sponsors posted bail .
Human Rights
Watch could not discover the whereabouts of the Yemeni national .
Shari'a law , as interpreted and enforced in Saudi Arabia , remains uncodified ; no written and accessible legal standards exist that criminalize the wearing of women 's clothing by men .
Nevertheless , Saudi judges have in the past imposed sentences , ranging from imprisonment to flogging , on men accused of behaving like women .
In recent years , Saudi authorities have periodically raided parties and gatherings where men allegedly wore women 's clothing .
In March 2005 , over 100 men were arrested for imitating women and sentenced in unfair trials to imprisonment and flogging after police raided a private party held in a rented hall in Jeddah .
In July of that year , all of the men were pardoned and released .
How persons choose to dress and present themselves is integral to their free expression and privacy .
These rights are set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , which reflects customary international law .
Any interference by the state in these rights should be only on the basis of clear and accessible domestic law , and then is only permitted to the most limited extent possible to meet a legitimate aim .
" Arresting and charging people simply because the police decide that their appearance is unacceptable strikes at the heart of human freedom , " said Moumneh .
By Thomas Edgington
BBC News
Only one in three young people are putting funds into a pension Half of UK adults aged between 20 and 60 are not putting aside any funds into a pension , a survey commissioned by the BBC suggests .
The survey of 1,358 people by Gfk NOP indicated the situation was worst among under -30s , with only about one in three or 36 % putting anything into a scheme .
Affordability is the main barrier for young people , with many saying they are instead having to pay off debts .
Among 41 to 60 - year - olds , 45 % are not currently paying into a pension fund .
The report suggested a number of reasons for this , ranging from people who had been made redundant to women who had never joined a pension scheme because of leaving full - time work to have children .
' Too far away ' Tom Wainewright , 25 , an architectural assistant living in east London , said starting a pension was way down his priority list .
Unfortunately the tide has turned and younger people face even more challenges in saving for their retirement
Ed Gardner , pension and insurance firm Metlife " I have n't given a pension any thought , " he said .
" At the moment I 'm just trying to keep down a steady job .
I was made redundant because of the recession and have had to take a pay cut . "
Other young people said they had not started a pension because they did not know how to , or else felt retirement was too far away to be worth planning for .
Despite only 36 % of respondents under 30 having a private pension , half of all those who took part in the survey said they were still confident they would be able to live a comfortable retirement .
Tom Wainewright says he can't afford to think of a pension at present Ed Gardner , chief executive of UK retirement and savings at pension and insurance firm Metlife , said young people were wrong to assume this would inevitably be the case .
He points to the fact that more generous final salary pension schemes are continuing to close to new members , and that instead , younger people will have to rely upon defined contribution pension schemes , which generally provide less of a return .
" Unfortunately the tide has turned and younger people face even more challenges in saving for their retirement , " said Mr Gardner .
' Disillusioned '
Yet with the study saying that 45 % of 41 to 60 - year - olds also do not have a pension , the threat of having to work long into retirement is now a more immediate concern for many people in that age bracket .
We will be doing some kind of work well into our 70s , we accept that 's where we are , because we have n't got the pension provision
Rachel Knowles
That is the situation that Andrew Knowles , 44 , and his wife Rachel , 43 , may face .
Mr Knowles paid into several pension schemes over the years , but having been made redundant in January , and choosing to build his own business , his pension will not allow him to retire at 65 .
His wife trained as a chartered accountant , but having had four daughters , she has not put anything into a pension .
Mr Knowles said he thinks the whole concept of retirement is changing and that people 's working life will gradually wind down in their 70s , rather than just stopping at 65 .
" I think the internet will offer a lot of opportunities for ad - hoc home based working [ for people above working age ] , " he said .
" I 'm disillusioned with the general financial system and pensions are part of that . "
Mrs Knowles added : " We will be doing some kind of work well into our 70s .
" We accept that 's where we are , because we have n't got the pension provision . "
' Nowhere near enough ' According to Mr Gardner , people have to ask themselves how much money they will need to retire at 65 and then expect to live for 25 or 30 more years .
" What you will find is that many people are currently saving nowhere near enough , " he said .
The government is trying to mitigate the impact of a potential pension " time bomb " , through the introduction of Personal Accounts , due to be rolled out in 2012 .
Personal Accounts will be a part of the government 's pension reform programme .
Employees will be automatically enrolled , contributing 4 % of their salary .
The employer will pay 3 % and a further 1 % will come from tax relief .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
VirtualBox …
Since somes days , the web is flooded with news about the new major version of VirtualBox ( 3.0 beta ) .
And until yesterday I did n’t know this software .
VirtualBox is a virtual machine like the famous VMware or VirtualPC ( although VirtualPC seems to be limited to run different Windows versions in Windows ) .
VirtualBox is a virtualization technology for x86 hardware .
What does it mean ?
With VirtualBox , you can run unmodified operating systems ( including all softwares installed on these operating systems ) directly on top of your existing operating system , in a special environment called a virtual machine .
Your physical computer is called the host , while the virtual machine is called the guest .
Ok that ’s enough for the theory .
Wait a minute … why did I decide to test VirtualBox ?
Because all news claimed VirtualBox 3.0 BETA has now an improved … OpenGL support .
More exactly , VirtualBox 3.0 supports OpenGL 2.0 and Direct3D 8 .
Here are the main features of VirtualBox 3.0 :
– Guest SMP with up to 32 virtual CPUs ( VT -x and AMD - V only )
– Windows guests : ability to use Direct3D 8/9 applications / games ( experimental )
– Support for OpenGL 2.0 for Windows , Linux and Solaris guests
To understand what VirtualBox 3.0 brings in OpenGL , I started my experimentations with the previous stable release : VirtualBox 2.2.4 .
My host machine is an AMD X2 3800 + / 2 Gb RAM / GeForce GTX 280 + ForceWare 190.15 / Windows XP SP2 32 - bit .
What I wanted to see is how GPU Caps Viewer works in the virtual machine .
Because in a virtual machine , there is no real hardware and the graphics card is virtualized .
That ’s the important point .
Even if you have the latest Radeon or GeForce monster in the host , a 3D application running in the guest wo n’t see it .
So the first things I did were : 1 / install VirtualBox 2.2.4 on my host ( Windows XP SP2 32 - bit ) 2 / create a virtual hard disk ( 20 Gb – it ’s an image file on host ’s hard disk ) and install on this disk Windows Vista Ultimate 32 - bit 3 / install the Guest Additions ( guest additions provide closer integration between host and guest and improve the interactive performance of guest systems – better mouse integration and above all better graphics card support ) and 4 / fire up GPU Caps Viewer :
wooowww !!…
OpenGL 1.1 !
VirtualBox is stronger than you !
After some searches , I found that the 3D support is disabled by default .
3D acceleration support can be enabled in VirtualBox settings :
GPU Caps Viewer please : Ah … it ’s better .
But in the same time , this is the limitation of VirtualBox 2.x.x :
Did you notice the renderer name Chromium ?
Chromium is the virtual OpenGL renderer of VirtualBox .
Okay now I can download the beta of VirtualBox 3.0 .
The cool thing with VirtualBox is that it installs a fully working virtual network adapter so you can directly surf the web at the first start of the guest .
Once installed , VirtualBox 3.0 found the virtual hard disk created by VirtualBox 2.2.4 :
Before starting GPU Caps Viewer , one has to install also the Guest Additions that come with VirtualBox 3.0 .
This time , GPU Caps Viewer has detected angraphics card with 66 extensions .
Just for the fun , let ’s look at what GPU - Z displays :
Humm … GPU - Z does not like virtual graphics cards !
Okay , all theses tests are cool , but how an OpenGL application works in VirtualBox 3.0 ?
How an OpenGL 2.0 ( with some GLSL shaders ) demo runs ?
I tried to launch GPU Caps Viewer demos but without success .
So I coded a small OpenGL demo with the same 3D engine than GPU Caps Viewer demos .
This demo displays a simple textured mesh torus .
This demo is available in two flavors :
– VBO + Phong GLSL shader
– no VBO + fixed pipeline for texturing / lighting ( OpenGL 1.2 )
Both versions worked fine in VirtualBox 3.0 .
The following screenshots show the VBO + GLSL shader version of the demo :
I was n’t able to see if VBO worked correctly ( there was n’t speed improvement between non-VBO and VBO versions ) but I can tell you that GLSL shaders are ok ( look at the specular highlights ) !
But ouch !
The FPS is very low : 47 .
The same demo running directly on the host gives about 2200 FPS :
Seems as if the virtual graphics card performs some 3D rendering in software mode …
But RivaTuner monitoring ( launched in the host ) showed me that OpenGL acceleration was enabled .
Update ( 2009.06.22 )
There are some huge performance issues in VBO management and currently a better way to render meshes is to use OpenGL display lists ( thanks to Leonid ) .
The demo pack has been updated with a new demo called Mesh - DisplayList - PhongShader.exe .
This new version runs at 60 FPS in the Vista 32 guest .
Why GPU Caps Viewer demos did n’t work ?
I do n’t know .
Maybe a problem with multithreading .
The previous textured mesh torus demo worked correctly in VirtualBox because it has only one thread .
Each GPU Caps Viewer demo runs in its own thread and perhaps there is somewhere , in VirtualBox or in my multithreading code , a problem with OpenGL rendering contexts and threads .
You can download the OpenGL demos here :
[ download#44#image ]
I also quickly tested the Direct3D side of VirtualBox .
I successfully ran one of my old Direct3D 8 demos ( coded in 2002 ) :
And DX9 demos ?
Not really supported ( ) …
Conclusion :
VirtualBox is a nice piece of software and virtualization is a captivating technology because , in a word , virtual machines creators have to recode all hardware aspects of real machines .
This is an incredible task !
And when the virtual machine has to virtualize the graphics system to provide latest OpenGL and Direct3D support this is just insane ( even if , thanks to guest additions , a guest OS has more access to the graphics hardware ) !
Anyway , VirtualBox 3.0 starts to support OpenGL 2.0 applications and it ’s cool .
When the low frame rate problem will be solved , that will allows to code OpenGL applications for a particular host ( in my case Windows XP ) and execute them on other hosts ( Linux for example ) thank to VirtualBox .
And once my multithreading problem will be solved too , I will be able to quickly test my 3D applications in a Vista guest while I code on a XP host .
I ca n’t wait a new VirtualBox update …
Useful links :
Related News
Universal Astrolabe ( 11th century ) *
Photo : Volker Moehrke *
In the Middle Ages , while Europeans were busy warring , plundering , and burning heretics at the stake , Muslim scholars were inventing the most advanced devices of the day .
They refined the scientific method , developed effective cardiac drugs , and built celestial observatories — yet over time their contributions were largely forgotten .
Historian Fuat Sezgin spent 60 years tracking down ancient manuscripts and commissioning craftspeople to reproduce hundreds of instruments , from clocks to syringes .
His replicas on display at the Islamic Science and Technology History Museum in Istanbul remind us that the culture now often associated with an antiscience ideology was once a catalyst for innovation .
" Modern Muslims do not know this great history , " Sezgin says , " so they sometimes have a complex toward modern science . "
His work exposes a geeky heritage to be proud of .
Here are a few of those bright ideas from the so - called Dark Ages .
Universal Astrolabe* ( 11th century ) , pictured above *
What it is :
An instrument for reading the stars
Why it matters : Starting around AD 622 , Muhammad 's followers spread throughout the Middle East and into Central Asia and North Africa .
Astrolabes , which may date back to the Greeks , enabled travelers to determine time and direction from the constellations .
But early users had to tote around a set of customized plates for each latitude .
This all - in - one model , created by an astronomer known as Azarchel , lightened adventurers ' loads .
With it , globe - trotting Muslims could pray daily at the correct hours , facing Mecca , whether they were in Ibiza or Kazakhstan .
Astrolabes ultimately led to the development of astronomical clocks .
Alembic ( 8th century )
What it is :
An apparatus for distilling liquids
Why it matters : Islamic culture forbids the drinking of alcohol , but early Muslim scientists made great advances in distillation , a process they refined to create medicines , perfumes , and essential oils .
The alembic was the first device that could fully separate substances with different volatilities .
A liquid mixture was heated until the component with the lowest boiling point vaporized and rose to meet cool air at the neck .
There it condensed back into liquid form , and the purified fluid dripped into a collection container .
This was the precursor of the pot still , without which — perish the thought — whiskey would not exist .
Torpedo ( 13th century )
What it is :
The first self - propelled projectile for sea warfare .
Why it matters :
The Chinese invented gunpowder , but Hassan al - Rammah got the idea of stuffing it into a metal case and shooting it across water to shock and awe an enemy ship .
In The Book of Fighting on Horseback and With War Engines ( 1280 ) , al - Rammah dubbed it a " self - moving and combustible egg . "
This spiny missile would be filled with saltpeter , flammable liquid , and metal filings .
Once ignited , combustion would propel the torpedo to its target , where it might explode .
Start Previous : How to Mix an Exploding Drink , Rev Up Vintage Speakers , Flirt With Confidence Next : Wired Guide to the Tubiverse , From SimTube to PotTube History 's Greatest Gadgets
World 's First Computer Rebuilt , Rebooted After 2,000 Years
Is Science Dead in the Muslim World ?
Many women with breast cancer continue to take antioxidant supplements despite worries that the pills may interfere with treatment , a new study shows .
The report , published in the July issue of the medical journal Cancer , is the latest to raise concerns about the large number of cancer patients turning to megadoses of vitamin and mineral supplements in hopes of boosting their health .
Some research suggests that high doses of antioxidants , such as vitamins C and E , beta - carotene and selenium , may interfere with radiation and some types of chemotherapy .
Those treatments attack tumor cells by generating free radicals , which vitamin supplements may essentially “ clean up , ” preventing them from attacking the cancer .
Other studies suggest that just like healthy cells , cancer cells thrive in the presence of high doses of antioxidants .
Researchers at the Columbia University Mailman School of Public Health tracked the use of antioxidant supplements among 764 women in the Long Island Breast Cancer Study Project .
Among the 663 women who were receiving chemotherapy , hormone treatment or radiation for breast cancer , 60.5 percent said they were taking antioxidants during breast cancer treatment .
Most of the women ( 70 percent ) said they were taking high doses of the supplements , which was defined as a dose larger than that found in a popular multivitamin .
The study only looked at the prevalence of antioxidant use among women with breast cancer and did n’t measure whether any of the women experienced negative effects as a result .
In addition , the research focused on antioxidants taken in pill form .
Most doctors believe high consumption of fruits and vegetables , which contain vitamins and antioxidant compounds , does n’t pose any additional risk to cancer patients and may be beneficial .
The rate of vitamin use is higher among cancer patients than in the general population .
Last year , researchers at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle reviewed 32 studies conducted between 1999 and 2006 and found that 64 percent to 81 percent of cancer survivors in the studies were taking extra vitamins or minerals beyond multivitamins .
In the general population , only 50 percent of American adults reported taking dietary supplements .
The American Cancer Society has said vitamins and supplement should n’t be used during cancer treatment .
A 2005 report in the medical journal CA cites several studies that show the use of vitamins by cancer patients does n’t help and may even cause harm .
[ The Space Shuttle Atlantis launches from Cape Canaveral today , shown in an infrared digital photo ; image via Getty ]
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - The United States economy continues to deteriorate , even as the latest payroll figures show employers cut far fewer jobs than forecast last month , Mohamed El - Erian , the chief executive of bond giant Pacific Investment Management Co. , said Friday .
“ The equity markets are taking comfort from the reduction in the pace of job losses , ” El - Erian said in an interview .
“ But the spike in the unemployment rate to 9.4 percent , by impacting consumers ’ enthusiasm , will act as a headwind to a sharp recovery , as will the back up in bond yields and the increase in oil prices . ”
The Labor Department ’s non-farm payrolls report on Friday showed U.S. employers cut 345,000 jobs last month , the fewest since September .
However , the unemployment rate of 9.4 percent was the highest since a matching rate in July 1983 .
On Friday , the Dow Jones Industrials average was down 2.12 points , or 0.02 percent , at 8,749.23 .
The Standard & Poor ’s 500 Index was down 3 points , or 0.32 percent , at 939.48 .
At the same time , the bond market also was weaker as the flight to quality trade abated .
The yield on the benchmark 10 - year note , which moves in the opposite direction to the price , reached as high as 3.90 percent after the release of the data , marking the loftiest level in more than six months .
The 30 - year long bond briefly traded over two points lower in price after the data , then retraced losses to trade 23/32 lower for a yield of 4.63 percent from 4.58 percent late on Thursday .
El - Erian said the increase in Treasury yields is not only fueled by investors ’ comfort for riskier securities , but also by the prospects of high issuance on account of large fiscal deficits .
He said the markets are becoming sensitive to the stated intention of the Treasury to increase the average maturity of debt from the most vulnerable levels in 25 years .
“ The economy is not out of the woods , ” El - Erian said .
“ The economic situation is , unfortunately , still deteriorating but at a slower pace . ”
All told , the Labor Department said the unemployment rate in May rose to 9.4 percent , the highest since a matching rate in July 1983 , from 8.9 percent in April .
The Independent has long campaigned to reduce packaging around food .
While the food and drink sector has made real strides , we accept there is a lot more to do .
With landfill sites rapidly running out and the urgent need to combat climate change , there can be no let - up in the campaign to reduce or recycle packaging .
But as the Indy has also recognised , it is not just packaging waste which gets buried .
In fact , our industry and consumers together throw away more food than we do packaging .
And this waste is more damaging , in many ways , to the environment than plastic or paper wrapping of which 60 per cent is now recycled .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The Government 's own Waste and Resource Action Programme ( WRAP ) estimates that growing , producing , transporting and storing the 6.7 million tones of food we then throw away at home is equivalent to 2 per cent of the UK's CO2 emissions .
Food waste in general produces three times as much carbon as packaging waste .
When dumped into landfill sites , still the final destination of the majority of food waste , it also rots and gives off methane .
It 's a gas which is 23 times as damaging in accelerating climate change as the equivalent amount of CO2 .
This all helps explain why WRAP say ending food waste would have the same impact on the UK 's efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions as taking one in five cars off the road .
It is not just , of course , a cost to the environment .
It 's bad for our pockets as well as the planet .
Throwing away food adds over £ 600 a year to the average family budget .
It 's also a largely avoidable cost .
Most food is discarded without ever being used simply because it is stored incorrectly or for too long .
That 's why the debate on packaging can't be isolated from our efforts to cut the mountains of food waste .
Sensible packaging helps protect food from damage and last longer .
It 's no good cutting packaging if the result is more food thrown away .
This requires us to look at packaging on a product - by - product basis to see whether it is necessary or can be reduced or removed .
This is what we are now doing at Morrisons through our Keep It Fresh test and packaging laboratory .
It is research which has already thrown up some fascinating insights .
We have found , for example , that wrapping peppers in plastic has no impact on freshness or quality so we have stopped doing it .
But wrapping cucumbers in recyclable plastic - a target for anti-packaging campaigners - means they last five times as long .
Selling cucumbers without plastic would lead to a slight reduction in packaging .
It would , however , lead to a big increase in cucumbers thrown away both by stores and consumers .
We also know that keeping potatoes loose rather than bagged leads to a 3 per cent increase in waste as exposure to the light encourages green shoots and discolouring .
Selling grapes in trays cuts in - store waste alone by as much as 20 per cent .
This does n't mean we have to stop the drive to reduce packaging .
It does mean we have to distinguish between the packaging which protects food and that which is unnecessary .
Reducing the size of waste food mountains , of course , requires the industry to continue to change the way we operate .
But the responsibility of supermarkets like ours goes beyond what we do ourselves .
We also have to help consumers understand better how to keep and store food so they can reduce waste and their household bills .
That 's why we have launched a ' Great Taste Less Waste ' campaign in our stores .
It includes Best Kept stickers on fresh food which explains the latest advice .
We need to help the two - third of consumers who do n't realise that apples stay fresh for up to 14 days longer if kept in a fridge .
When WRAP estimate that 4.4 million apples are thrown away every day , getting this message across helps both consumers and the environment .
We can do more as well to help consumers plan their shopping wisely so they need to throw less food out and end confusion between ' best by ' and 'use by ' dates .
Half of all consumers admit they throw food away when it reaches ' best by ' date .
But that 's unnecessary .
Food past its 'use by ' date should n't be eaten , but food which has reached its ' best by ' date is safe to eat .
It merely suggests a date when food might begin to lose its quality .
No matter how careful we all are , there is always going to be some waste .
We have to ensure less of it is buried .
In some of our European neighbours , over 20 per cent of energy comes from technology such as anaerobic digestion but just 2 per cent here in the UK .
But to help consumers recycle food waste , we need a better national infrastructure for collection and ensure it is used productively .
None of this means we should let up on the drive to reduce unnecessary packaging .
But we have to ensure that this worthy goal does not accidentally add to the mountains of food waste we still throw away .
* Marc Bolland is chief executive of Morrisons
Howard Dean has a response to Kent Conrad 's belief that health care reform means caving to the Republican minority on the public option :
So this is a compromise that 's designed to deal with problems in the Senate .
But it does n’t deal with problems in America .
And I think it ’s time for the Senate to stop playing politics , do what has to be done .
If the Republicans do n’t want to get on board , and they certainly have never done - look how the Republicans all were against Medicare when we put that in - if the Republicans do n't want to get on board , then we can do this without the Republicans .
We have the votes to do a public health insurance option without a single Republican vote and without the one or two Democrats that have said no , and if that 's what we have to do - we 've got to do the right thing for the American people , not the political thing for the Senate .
" Our expectation is that local departments who tell us they know what the regulations are are indeed following them , " he said .
" If we receive information that a local agency is not in compliance , we will look into that . "
A spokesman for the State Police , which is charged with overseeing the program in Massachusetts , said the department generally follows program rules , conducting regular audits to make sure the weapons have n't gone missing and ensuring the guns are properly registered .
But the spokesman , David Procopio , said the department also trusts local law enforcement agencies to follow the rules on their own .
Federal officials say none of the weapons have been reported stolen or used in a crime .
But Ken MacNevin , spokesman for the US Defense Reutilization & Marketing Service , said the agency still expects the state to strictly adhere to federal regulations .
" You 're in a small town , you 're working with one or two officers , all it would take is one emotionally disturbed person with a deer rifle " to create a violent crisis , said Wellfleet Police Chief Richard P. Rosenthal , whose department received three surplus M - 14s but then shelved them and bought lighter - weight M - 4s for its officers .
" The only thing we would have had is a shotgun . "
" You never know what 's going to happen .
Anything can happen , anywhere , " said Mark Laverdure , the police chief in Clinton , a town on the Wachusett Reservoir in Central Massachusetts that ordered 18 assault rifles from the government earlier this year .
But many of the departments said they were taking advantage of free weaponry in the event they might need it to ward off terrorists or stop a shooting rampage .
" Is this a war zone ? " said Kevin M. Mullins , 25 , who works at a Belmont bookshop .
" For what logical purpose do they need semiautomatic rifles in Belmont ? "
In one suburban town , Belmont , people who live and work there were surprised to learn of the presence of six M - 14s .
And a Globe review of a dozen departments found that most did not notify their community of the acquisitions .
It also found inconsistencies in how the program is monitored , including cases in which communities received more guns than allowed .
Some 82 local police departments in Massachusetts have obtained more than 1,000 weapons over the last 15 years under a federal program that distributes surplus guns from the US military , the Globe reported earlier this month .
Now , new information identifies which communities received the weapons :
They range from small towns like Hamilton , Marblehead , and Wayland to more populous communities like Worcester , Framingham , and Revere .
Police in Wellfleet , a community known for stunning beaches and succulent oysters , scored three military assault rifles .
At Salem State College , where recent police calls have included false fire alarms and a goat roaming the campus , school police got two M - 16s .
In West Springfield , police acquired even more powerful weaponry : two military - issue M - 79 grenade launchers .
According to the Globe review , some departments got more arms than federal regulations allow .
In some cases , the state has not enforced requirements that the arms be put to use within a year or returned to the military .
And the state also failed to renew its contract with the federal government to oversee distribution of the weapons , after its lead coordinator retired three years ago .
Governor Deval Patrick 's administration said it launched a review of the program after the Globe inquiries .
" The Executive Office of Public Safety and Security is reviewing the state 's role in this program to ensure effective and appropriate oversight is being applied , " said Terrel Harris , a spokesman for the agency .
Procopio said a civilian employee has been overseeing the program since the lead coordinator , a State Police lieutenant colonel , retired .
He said the department expects to have a new oversight contract with the federal government signed in the near future .
The US military surplus program has provided 1,068 weapons to police departments in Massachusetts since 1994 , including 486 fully automatic M - 16 machine guns and 564 M - 14 semiautomatic rifles , according to records withheld by State Police but later provided by the Defense Reutilization & Marketing Service .
Most of the M - 16s have been modified to perform like semiautomatic rifles , firing only one bullet at a time , instead of rapidly spraying rounds .
Many local police officials said they ordered the weapons to prepare for a catastrophic event like the shooting rampage at Columbine High School in 1999 , when two teens used automatic weapons to gun down students , and a bank robbery in Los Angeles in 1997 when two robbers with automatic rifles injured 10 police officers in a shootout .
More recently , terrorists armed with automatic weapons and grenades killed 166 people in Mumbai last November .
" We really see this as an essential tool that we have that allows us to respond to that kind of incident , " Bridgewater State College Police Chief David Tillinghast said .
Some police chiefs said the price tag - or lack thereof - also influenced their decisions .
" With budgets the way they are , any time we can get something with no dollar signs attached to it , we have to take a long , hard look at it , " said Wayland Police Chief Robert Irving , whose department ordered three M - 16s in February .
Departments are deploying the weapons in various ways .
Some equipped only specialized SWAT officers with the rifles .
Some issued them to patrol officers who keep them locked in cruisers .
Others keep the weapons locked in stations , ready for distribution in emergencies .
While carrying out the OAM installation as mentioned in my preovious post , the challenge was to automate the installation in a single script .
I have been automating installations of various components since long using the silent install response files .
But this automation was different .
This setup involves carring out various activites from the browser .
Also it involves setup and configuration from browser at different stages in the installation .
This was a real challenge for me .
I stated doing the automation for component level installation .
Component level silent installation was very simple .
We get a response file when we install OAM .
The response files are present under $ isntall_dir/oblix / config .
The name of response file is install_options .
txt .
You will see this response file under every component installation directory .
Automation of browser task for OAM installation involves following steps
1 ) Creating perl script for browser activities .
You have to install OAM manually and record the browser activities in Selenium tool .
From this you have to create perl scripts
2 ) Modifying the perl script for OAM browser task .
You have to modify the script and place the bounce script for OIS and Apache at appropriate location where the browser waits for the services to be bounced .
3 ) Installing selenium perl module and Selenium server on the Linux server where you want to run this perl scriptsFor browser automation , I used Selenium tool .
I will show here the demo of what Selenium can do .
Selenium IDE :
Selenium is a tool for automating the browser activity .
This client version of this tool is available in windows in the form of FireFox addon .
Download Selenium IDE and install in your firefox browser
Once downloaded following below steps to understand how Selenium works .
1 ) Open firefox browser and open google.com
2 ) Tools -> Selenium IDE
3 ) Search for “ Selenium IDE ” or anything else in the google window and navigate to some pages .
I used following test case
Search for “ Selenium IDE ” , click on first link , click on downloads tab on that page , click on documentation tab etc . .
4 ) Once done turn off the record button on your selenium screen .
What ever steps that you have followed in the browser got recorded by selenium .
Now you can click on play icon on Selenium tool and it will navigate exactly as you have done before .
Selenium also takes care of entering the information on a browser if you have entered before .
Example login ID and password can also be recoreded and entered by Selenium when we play the record .
Creating perl script from Selenium :
The great utility of Selenium is that it allows creating a perl script automatically for the sequence that we have recoreded .
This can be used very well for automating the browser activities of OAM .
We can record the sequence and create a perl script .
We can run this perl script in Linux server where we are doing the OAM installation .
For creating perl script of the sequence , you can do Options -> Format -> Perl – Selenium RC .
Note that you can get the perl script after recording the sequence .
The perl script for my recorded sequence looks as below
use strict ; use warnings ; use Time : : HiRes qw( sleep ) ; use Test : : WWW :: Selenium ; use Test :: More " no_plan " ; use Test : : Exception ; my $ sel = Test : : WWW :: Selenium -> new ( host => " localhost " , port => 4444 , browser => " * chrome " , browser_url => " http://change-this-to-the-site-you-are-testing / " ) ; $ sel ->open_ok ( " http://www.google.co.in/ " ) ; $ sel - > type_ok ( " q " , " selenium IDE " ) ; $ sel->click_ok ( " btnG " ) ; $ sel->wait_for_page_to_load_ok ( " 30000 " ) ; $ sel->click_ok ( "//div[\@id='res ']
/ div [ 1]/ol/li[ 1]/h3/a/em " ) ; $ sel->wait_for_page_to_load_ok ( " 30000 " ) ; $ sel->click_ok ( " link=Download " ) ; $ sel->wait_for_page_to_load_ok ( " 30000 " ) ; $ sel->click_ok ( " link=Documentation " ) ; $ sel->wait_for_page_to_load_ok ( " 30000 " ) ; $ sel->click_ok ( "//div[\@id='mainContent ' ] /h3 [ 1 ] /a " ) ; $ sel->wait_for_page_to_load_ok ( " 30000 " ) ;
So like wise for each browser related step in OAM configuration , I created a perl script .
You will end up creating 4 Perl script
Referring to OAM install post
Script 1 – Step 3 ) Setting up Identity System
Script 2 – Step 5 ) Setup Policy Manager
Script 3 – Step 6 ) Installing Oracle Access Manager
Script 4 – Step 7 ) Installing WebGate ( browser part )
You also need to edit the perl script at appropriate place in order to bounce the services for OIS and Apache .
I introduced following commands in respective perl scripts in order to take care of that .
system (‘$ HOME/oam/opt/netpoint/identity/oblix/apps/common/bin/stop_ois_server ’ ) ;
system (‘$ HOME/oam/opt/netpoint/identity/oblix/apps/common/bin/start_ois_server ’ ) ;
system (‘$ HOME /oam / Apache2063/bin/apachectl stop ’ ) ;
system (‘$ HOME /oam / Apache2063/bin/apachectl start ’ ) ;
The next task that remains is , installing selenium perl module on linix server where you want to run this perl script for configuring OAM .
Installing Selenium perl module and Selenium server on Linux :
For installing Selenium perl module and Selenium server on Linux , you need to download Selenium Remote Control
This is a Selenium server setup .
Once downloaded , ftp to linux server and unzip .
You will see following directories
- bash - 3.1 $ cd selenium - remote - control - 1.0 - beta-2
- bash - 3.1 $ ls
selenium - dotnet - client - driver-1.0- beta-2
selenium - java- client - driver - 1.0 - beta-2
selenium - perl- client - driver - 1.0 - beta-2
selenium - php- client - driver - 1.0 - beta-2
selenium - python- client - driver - 1.0 - beta-2
selenium - ruby - client - driver - 1.0 - beta-2
selenium - server -1.0 - beta-2
selenium - perl - client - driver - 1.0 - beta - 2 is the perl module which you want to install .
In order to install perl module locally you can use PREFIX = < path > argument while running Makefile .
PL as shown below .
Here < path > represent path to some local directory where you want install perl module .
perl Makefile .PL PREFIX=/slot/ems3170/oracle/oam/perl/install
When you try to install this perl module you will find that some other perl modules are missing .
It depends on the perl installation that you have on your linux server .
If some dependent perl modules are missing , make sure to download and install the same from cpan.org .
Once the perl module is installed , source the variable PERL5LIB to include all the libraries created by different perl modules .
Example in my case PERL5LIB was as shown below
export PERL5LIB=$HOME/oam/perl/install/lib/5.6.1:$HOME/oam/perl/install/lib/5.8.1:$HOME/oam/perl/install/lib/site_perl/5.6.1:$HOME/oam/perl/install/lib/site_perl/5.8.0:$HOME/oam/perl/install/local/perl5.8/lib/site_perl/5.8.0
Once the perl module is install , you can start the selenium server .
You need JDK 1.6 to start selenium server so verify your jdk version .
- bash - 3.1 $ java - version
java version “ 1.6.0_07 ”
Java( TM ) SE Runtime Environment ( build 1.6.0_07-b06 )
Java HotSpot ( TM ) Server VM ( build 10.0 - b23 , mixed mode )
If your java is at 1.4 level , install 1.6 and then use 1.6 version
Following is command to start selenium server
go to the location where you have unzipped Selenium remote control and go inside selenium - server
- bash - 3.1 $ cd selenium - server - 1.0 - beta-2 /
- bash - 3.1 $ pwd
/slot/ems3170/oracle/oam/perl/selenium-remote-control-1.0-beta-2/selenium-server-1.0-beta-2
- bash - 3.1 $ ls
javadoc selenium - server- sources.jar sslSupport
selenium - server-coreless.jar selenium - server-tests.jar
selenium - server.jar
- bash - 3.1 $ java - jar selenium - server.jar &
The & at the end is important , you need to start the server in the backend , else you wont be able to use that session .
Once selenium server is started , perl module installed and PERL5LIB is sourced correctly then try running the perl script that you created using Selenium IDE before .
You will see that from Linux session a browser will get launched automatically and all the activities in browser will be done automatically .
Finally you can wrap all the installation and configuration steps in a shell script in correct sequence and have OAM installation automated .
Hope this helps !!
References :
Trivia
Comedy Central also produced a version of this show for viewers on CNN International called " The Daily Show with Jon Stewart : Global Edition . "
It was shown every weekend and contained excerpts from the past week 's episodes , giving more focus on global rather than U.S. issues .
The Global Edition ran in the format of headlines , report , celebrity interview .
Stewart taped an exclusive introduction and outro for the Global Edition ( sometimes in front of the audience , other times not ) , and the " moment of Zen " was called " the international moment of Zen . "
See more
, the latest in Electronic Arts ' blockbuster life simulation franchise , has exceeded 1.4 million PC and Mac sales in its first week on shelves , the publisher said today .
According to EA , that figure represents the strongest PC game launch the company has ever had .
The game was developed by theteam out of Electronic Arts ' Redwood Shores headquarters .
Following unsightly public controversies over the use of digital rights management in previous EA titles like Maxis ' , Electronic Arts announced prior to 's release that it would contain only a basic disc check .
"
We feel like this is a good , time - proven solution that makes it easy for you to play the game without DRM methods that feel overly invasive or leave you concerned about authorization server access in the distant future , " the company said in a statement .
Early reaction toseems to be that it is a more significant mechanical evolution of the game than the relatively iterative .
Critical reception to the title has been uniformly positive , with an 87 % average rating on Metacritic .
Though involved on a consultative basis , designer Will Wright , founder of the series ' original developer Maxis , is not thought to have played a significant role in the game 's development , and has now left Electronic Arts for his own Stupid Fun Club think tank .
The pressure to earn a bachelor ’s degree draws young people away from occupational training , particularly occupations that do not require college , Mr. Sennett said , and he cited two other factors .
Outsourcing interrupts employment before a skill is fully developed , and layoffs undermine dedication to a single occupation .
“ People are told they ca n’t get back to work unless they retrain for a new skill , ” he said .
Image With 10 years of welding experience , Keelan Prados was able to pass an employers test and quickly begin a new job .
Credit ... Chris Becker for The New York Times
None of this deterred Keelan Prados from pursuing a career as a welder , one among roughly 200,000 across the nation .
At 28 , he has more than a decade of experience , beginning when he was a teenager , building and repairing oil field equipment in his father ’s shop in Louisiana .
Marriage to a Canadian brought the Pradoses to Maine , near her family .
And before Mr. Prados joined Cianbro , an industrial contractor , he ran his own business , repairing logging equipment out of a welding and machine shop on the grounds of his home in Brewer .
The recession dried up that work , and last December , he answered one of Mr. McGrary ’s ads .
“ I welded a couple of pieces of plate together for them and two pipes , and they were impressed , ” Mr. Prados said .
In less than two weeks , he was at work on Cianbro ’s oil refinery project , earning $ 22 an hour and among the youngest of Mr. McGrary ’s hires , most of whom are in their mid-30s to early 40s .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics does not track how often Mr. Prados ’s experience  applying for a job and quickly being offered it  is repeated in America in the midst of huge and protracted unemployment .
A bureau survey counts the number of job openings and the number of hires , but the data is not broken down by occupation .
The Conference Board , a business organization in New York , comes closer .
In a monthly count of online job openings  listed on Monster.com and more than 1,200 similar Web sites  it breaks the advertised openings into 22 broad occupational categories and compares those with the number of unemployed whose last job , according to the bureau , was in each category .
In only four of the categories  architecture and engineering , the physical sciences , computer and mathematical science , and health care  were the unemployed equal to or fewer than the listed job openings .
There were , in sum , 1.09 million listed openings and only 582,700 unemployed people presumably available to fill them .
The Conference Board ’s hard - to - fill openings include registered nurses , but the shortage is not as great as it was before the recession , particularly in battered states like Michigan and Ohio , said Cheryl Peterson , a director of the American Nurses Association .
“ Until the downturn , it was easy for experienced registered nurses to find employment right in their communities , in whatever positions they wanted , ” Ms. Peterson said .
“ Now it is a little more difficult because the number of job openings has fallen and we have more retired nurses , in need of income , coming back . ”
There are reports of about 3 M ppl out on the streets .
Millions of people marching in absolute silence .
Played Mousavi's song with my piano , leaving all the windows open , and was greeted by calls of " Alaho akbar " !
Those are recent tweets which probably tells you more about the mood than hard facts .
But mood matters .
Al - Jazeera 's official account :
Tens of thousands of Iranian 's have rallied in the country 's capital in defiance of a government ban to protest against the re-election of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , the Iranian president .
In his first public appearance since the elections three days ago , Mir Hossein Mousavi , the defeated presidential candidate , told supporters at the Tehran rally on Monday that he would take part if new elections were called .
" The vote of the people is more important than Mousavi or any other person , " he said .
The demonstrators headed toward the capital 's huge Freedom Square in the largest display of opposition to the election results to date .
" Mousavi we support you !
We will die but retrieve our votes ! " shouted supporters , many wearing the trademark green colour of Mousavi 's election campaign .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
The following review is an excerpt from a new pamphlet , by John Riddell and Adriana Paz , published by Socialist Voice in Canada .
To download the pamphlet , please click HERE
More on Via Campasina .
* * *
Review by John Riddell
La Vía Campesina : Globalization and the Power of Peasants by Annette Aurélie Desmarais .
Fernwood Publishing , 2007 .
May 31 , 2009 --
The neoliberal assault that has driven labour into retreat over the last two decades has also sparked the emergence of a peasants ’ international , La Vía Campesina .
Based in 56 countries across five continents , this alliance has mounted a sustained and spirited defence of peasant cultivation , community and control of food production .
Annette Desmarais ’s book on La Vía Campesina has given us a probing and perceptive account of the world peasant movement ’s origins , outlook and activities .
( ” La Vía Campesina ” means “ Peasant Path ” or “ Peasant Way ” .
See “ Peasants or Farmers ? ” at the end of this article . )
The movement began as a response to globalisation , which Mexican peasant leader Alberto Gomez has defined as “ a global offensive against the countryside … against small producers and family farmers ” whose existence poses a barrier to “ an industrialized countryside ” .
Such coercive industrialisation involves “ delinking ” food production from consumption through the intrusion of agribusiness corporations that usurp different stages of production : provision of inputs , food processing , transportation and marketing , Desmarais says .
Industrial products replace farmer inputs : chemicals in place of manure , hybrid seeds in place of farmers ’ seed stocks .
Many peasants are shackled to corporate production contracts , which , Desmarais notes , now control about 90 % of US poultry farms .
“ Farmers are no longer considered producers of knowledge ” , Desmarais says , but rather as consumers of the marketed wisdom of agribusiness , mere cogs in the gears of corporate industry .
Meanwhile , neoliberal trade policies have destroyed institutions and tariff barriers that provided farmers with market leverage , leaving them isolated victims of profiteering by gigantic worldwide agribusiness concerns .
The entire process recalls capitalism ’s “ de- skilling ” of industrial workers , which replaced independent skilled craftsmen by assembly - line labourers .
The logical end point would be replacement of the family farm with factory - style capitalist estate farming .
But this has not happened .
Peasant survival
Family farming , Desmarais reports , has remained a prominent form of cultivation , in rich and poor countries alike .
She cites data from the US , where farm technology is most advanced .
There , family - owned farms made up 85 % of all units in 1990s , although a significant proportion of them are dependent on wage labour .
There is growing evidence , she says , “ that small farms are more ‘ efficient ’ than large corporate farms ” and are more “ sustainable ” .
Indeed , ” ‘ re - peasantization ’ is going on as the absolute number of peasants grows ” .
Farmers have survived -- but have been subjected to extreme levels of corporate exploitation .
Indeed agribusiness has learned to take maximum advantage of small - scale farmers , who carry the costs and risks of farm production but are robbed of almost all the proceeds .
Added to that is predation by the banks , whose mortgages suck the lifeblood from farms before ultimately destroying them .
Even harsher exploitation is imposed on agricultural workers , concentrated in labour - intensive fruit and vegetable farms .
Desmarais reports National Farmers Union ( NFU ) findings that farmers in Canada earned just 0.3 % return on equity in 1998 , while “ agribusiness corporations earned 5 % , 20 % , 50 % , and even higher rates ” .
Since then , the situation has worsened .
In 2004 , the NFU reports , farmers in Canada could not even cover basic costs from their product sales .
In this context , peasants have both motivation and means for concerted resistance .
The neoliberal era has in fact seen a revival of peasant activism , much of it coordinated by La Vía Campesina .
Desmarais chronicles the dramatic intervention of Vía Campesina contingents in protests at successive World Trade Organization ( WTO ) gatherings .
Among their achievements : “ After having all but disappeared … over the past 25 years , agrarian reform is now back on the agenda . ”
Moreover , Vía Campesina has succeeded in maintaining unity of member organisations in both the richest and poorest countries of the world .
The Vía Campesina website reports member organisations ’ activities in the first four months of 2009 in no less than 17 countries , nine of them in the Global South .
Among these were a series of initiatives on behalf of the farmers and other citizens of Gaza under assault by Israel .
Food sovereignty
The peasants ’ alliance has gone beyond defence of members ’ immediate economic interests .
It advocates the “ right of peoples to define their agricultural and food policy ” , which it terms “ food sovereignty ” .
This program defends the interests of peoples of the Global South under pressure from the world ’s richest states , while providing some key elements of a platform to unite working people and the oppressed both as producers and as consumers of food .
Food sovereignty embraces the principle that food is a basic human right , demands sustainable management of natural resources by those who work the land , and asserts the need for genuine agrarian reform .
In addition to calling for food self - sufficiency and strengthening family farms , La Vía Campesina ’s original call for food sovereignty in 1996 included these points :
Guarantee everyone access to safe , nutritious and culturally appropriate food in sufficient quantity and quality to sustain a healthy life with full human dignity .
Give landless and farming people -- especially women -- ownership and control of the land they work and return territories to indigenous peoples .
Ensure the care and use of natural resources , especially land , water and seeds .
End dependence on chemical inputs , on cash - crop monocultures and intensive , industrialised production .
Oppose WTO , World Bank and International Monetary Fund policies that facilitate the control of multinational corporations over agriculture .
Regulate and tax speculative capital and enforce a strict code of conduct on transnational corporations .
End the use of food as a weapon .
Stop the displacement , forced urbanisation and repression of peasants .
Guarantee peasants and small farmers , and rural women in particular , direct input into formulating agricultural policies at all levels .
The end result of such policies , Desmarais believes , will be to build and strengthen rural communities , which she views as “ sites of diversity , differences , conflicts , and divisions ” among people “ engaged in the same argument ” about “ the common things in their everyday lives ” .
The Vía Campesina model , she states , “ does not entail a rejection of modernity , or of technology and trade ” , but insists that they must be inserted in a model “ based on certain ethics and values in which culture and social justice count for something ” .
La Vía Campesina was born out of collaboration of farmers ’ organisations in several parts of the world , with Canada ’s NFU playing a prominent role .
Nettie Wiebe , based in Saskatchewan , was the only woman member of Vía Campesina ’s initial coordinating committee .
She spearheaded the formation of a Women ’s Commission to develop women ’s participation and leadership , a high priority for Vía Campesina , and led this commission until 2000 .
In 2004 , Vía Campesina recruited an energetic Quebec component , the Union Paysanne , dedicated to “ a human - scale agriculture and vibrant rural communities ” .
Struggle for independence
For 60 years , the world ’s dominant farmers organisation has been the International Federation of Agricultural Producers ( IFAP ) , which functions mainly as a lobbying agency within international institutions such as United Nations affiliates , the World Bank and the WTO .
Desmarais describes IFAP as “ reformist or conformist ” and as “ representing the interests of larger farmers primarily based in the industrialized countries ” .
The NFU has stayed outside IFAP because it “ simply did not represent the interests of smaller farmers ” , Desmarais says .
With the onset of capitalist globalisation , IFAP -- despite internal divisions -- mostly lined up in support of trade measures favourable to agribusiness .
During the process of forming Vía Campesina , there were efforts to involve IFAP , but these broke down over such differences .
“ Dialogue was not possible ” , writes Vía Campesina activist Nico Verhagen .
In Desmarais ’ view , “ the very existence of the Vía Campesina is clear evidence that not all farmers speak with the same voice ” .
Indeed , the Vía Campesina experience confirms that agricultural producers are divided in terms of their relationship to agricultural production .
On the one hand are owners of large - scale operations dependent on exploiting wage labour , and those who identify with this model .
On the other hand are working farmers utilising mostly family labour , who are victims of corporate exploitation .
The fact that the working farmers now speak through their own international organisation is a historic accomplishment , going beyond what non-farm workers presently have at their disposal .
Escaping the NGO embrace
During its formation process , Vía Campesina came into contact with a variety of groups from what is often termed “ civil society ” , that is , non-governmental actors .
The term embraces everything from an indigenous Zapatista community in a Mexican forest to richly funded corporate research institutions .
Quoting Catherine Eschle , Desmarais notes the “ hierarchical and oppressive relations that exist within civil society ” .
Among “ civil society ” groups , it was the NGOs ( non-governmental organisations ) that posed a special challenge for the nascent Vía Campesina .
NGOs exist to channel contributions from governments , corporations , and others to development projects .
They vary widely -- good , bad and ugly -- but mostly tend to reflect the agenda of the state and corporate agencies that provide most of the funds .
“ In general ” , says Desmarais , “ NGOs have different aims , purposes , interests , organizational cultures and structures , and mechanisms for decision making and accountability than peasant organizations ” .
She quotes the stinging comments of James Petras and Henry Veltmeyer , who term NGOs a “ neo- comprador class ” that is “ not based on property ownership or governmental resources but derived from imperial funding and their own capacity to control significant popular groups ” .
NGOs claim to “ speak for those without a voice ” , Desmarais notes .
Unfortunately , “ many NGOs have not been comfortable with what the ‘ formerly voiceless ’ have to say ” and “ have not learned how to keep quiet when appropriate ” .
For example , Wilson Campos , a Costa Rican peasant leader and founding member of Vía Campesina , commented in 1994 : “ We do n’t need all those NGOs … .
We farmers can speak up for ourselves .
Already too many people have been taking advantage of us , without us getting any the wiser for it . ”
It its formative stages , La Vía Campesina endured a concerted effort by an influential NGO , the Paolo Freire Stiftung , to take control -- particularly by defining the alliance ’s purpose in terms of research rather than militant action and promoting an orientation toward large landowners .
The stakes were high , since NGOs represented the main potential funding source .
Desmarais provides a vivid account of the ensuing struggle , which ended in a parting of the ways .
A web of alliances
The sweeping vision of La Vía Campesina includes concepts that link the interests of working farmers to those of all victims of neoliberalism .
Among them :
Food as a human right .
Back in 1974 , a United Nations ’ World Food Conference proclaimed with much fanfare that within 10 years “ no family will fear for its next day ’s bread ” .
Since then , amid evidence that hunger is growing , world bodies have retreated from the 1974 pledge , in part because of US insistence that the right adequate food is merely a “ goal ” or “ aspiration ” .
In 2002 , Desmarais reports , a World Food Summit abandoned any promise of the right to food .
This commitment is central to the Vía Campesina program .
Back in 1974 , a United Nations ’ World Food Conference proclaimed with much fanfare that within 10 years “ no family will fear for its next day ’s bread ” .
Since then , amid evidence that hunger is growing , world bodies have retreated from the 1974 pledge , in part because of US insistence that the right adequate food is merely a “ goal ” or “ aspiration ” .
In 2002 , Desmarais reports , a World Food Summit abandoned any promise of the right to food .
This commitment is central to the Vía Campesina program .
Down with junk food !
Vía Campesina ’s French affiliate won worldwide attention to its concept of malbouffe ( bad grub ) .
Its leader , José Bové , won fame when he was jailed in 1999 for his role in a protest that dismantled a McDonald ’s outlet then under construction in the rural town of Millau .
Malbouffe is “ food from nowhere ” , Bové explains , food that has been stripped of “ taste , health , and cultural and geographical identity … the result of the intensive exploitation of the land to maximize yield and profit ” .
Vía Campesina ’s French affiliate won worldwide attention to its concept of ( bad grub ) .
Its leader , José Bové , won fame when he was jailed in 1999 for his role in a protest that dismantled a McDonald ’s outlet then under construction in the rural town of Millau .
Malbouffe is “ food from nowhere ” , Bové explains , food that has been stripped of “ taste , health , and cultural and geographical identity … the result of the intensive exploitation of the land to maximize yield and profit ” .
Land stewardship .
For Vía Campesina , Desmarais says , agrarian reform means not just land distribution but a transformation of agricultural systems to favour small - farm production and marketing .
“ Land is a good of nature … and cannot be a marketable good that can be obtained in whatever quantity . ”
She quotes João Pedro Stédile , a leader of Brazil ’s landless tenants : “ We want an agrarian practice that transforms farmers into guardians of the land , and a different way of farming that ensures an ecological equilibrium . ”
Some Vía Campesina groups , Desmarais notes , favour taking land off the market “ and practicing the principle of social ownership of the land , whereby families who work the land have usufruct rights ( the right to use the land without ownership ) ” .
This system , which has shown its worth in Cuba , provides a foundation for ecologically sound and sustainable agriculture .
The challenge of government
Annette Desmarais ’s book does not take up how farmers can achieve a government that represents them and responds to their demands .
In this regard , her book reflects the character of Vía Campesina itself , which states that it is politically pluralist and non-aligned .
Yet the great rallies against oppressive trade treaties in which Vía Campesina has participated show us how the question of government can be addressed .
Mass demonstrations like that in Quebec City in 2001 bring together militant farmers , labour activists , ecologists , Indigenous peoples , feminists , human rights advocates -- a wide alliance of social movements .
Over the last decade , such alliances have been able to install popular governments in several Latin American countries , especially Venezuela and Bolivia , which brought to a standstill the plans for a hemispheric “ free trade ” treaty .
The case of Bolivia shows what peasants can achieve on a governmental level .
A militant peasant movement , one of whose leaders was Evo Morales , gave birth to a broad people ’s political instrument , the IPSP by its Spanish acronym .
It now governs the country ( as the MAS , or Movement Toward Socialism ) under Morales ’s presidency .
Victory is by no means complete , but much has been achieved for a peasants ’ agenda close in conception to that of Vía Campesina .
Moreover , drawing on its Indigenous - peasant roots , the Bolivian movement has now adopted a vision for social transformation , which it terms “ communitarian socialism . ”
Annette Desmarais has provided us with a gripping account of Vía Campesina .
Her book can help awaken labour , socialist , feminist , and ecological activists to the importance of farmers as allies and protagonists in the world struggle for social justice .
* * *
` Peasant ' or `farmer ' ?
“ When Vía Campesina was formed in 1993 ” , Annette Desmarais tells us , “ delegates from Great Britain objected that the literal translation [ of its name ] -- ‘ Peasant Road ’ or ‘ Peasant Way ’ -- would be inappropriate not only because of the derogatory connotation attached to the term ‘ peasant ’ but also because peasants did not actually exist in the British countryside . ”
The dictionary distinction between “ peasant ” and “ farmer ” is indeed sharp .
Peasants are defined as small - scale cultivators , who are “ coarse ” , “ boorish ” , “ poor ” and “ uneducated . ”
The dictionaries politely omit another connotation of the term : non-white .
Farmers , by contrast , are defined to include rich entrepreneurs who personally never work the soil .
In the 1993 Vía Campesina debate , many delegates objected to dropping the term “ peasant ” .
Ultimately , a compromise was found : the term Vía Campesina would not be translated into English .
Nettie Wiebe , a leader of Canada ’s National Farmers Union and also of Vía Campesina during its first decade , believes English - speaking farmers must reclaim the term “ peasant ” , pointing to its origin in the French word paysan .
“ If you actually look at what ‘ peasant ’ means , it means ‘ people of the land ’ ” , Wiebe says .
Are we Canadian farmers ‘ people of the land ’ ?
Well , yes , of course .
And it ’s important to take that language back ...
We too are peasants and it ’s the land and our relationship to the land and food production that distinguishes us . ”
According to Desmarais , “ reclaiming the meaning of peasant is perhaps one of the Vía Campesina ’s most important achievements ” .
She quotes Karen Pedersen , NFU women ’s president from 2002 - 2005 , who notes that the term “ farmer ” , too , has now become derogatory , carrying “ the connotation of inefficiency ” and obsoleteness .
“ Well , I am a farmer and I am a peasant ” , Pedersen says .
“ Through my participation in the Vía Campesina I learned that I had much more in common with peasants than I did with some of my agribusiness neighbours … .
Being a peasant stands for the kind of agriculture and rural communities we are striving to build . ”
[ This article first appeared in Socialist Voice ( Canada ) .
John Riddell is a co-editor of Socialist Voice .
Posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with permission . ]
" I imagine one of the reasons people cling to their hates so stubbornly is because they sense ,
once hate is gone ... they will be forced to deal with pain . " -
James Baldwin
- Southern Poverty Law Center Intelligence Center , Hate Map , ( 2008 )
Click on image to enlarge :
The anticipated birth of a child should be a joyful time for parents .
Few expectant parents know that 27 in every 1,000 births involve some type of birth injury .
Birth injuries can result from negligent medical care during pregnancy , during labor or after delivery .
Some of these injuries cause lifetime disabilities .
Caring for a child with a disability is difficult , and dealing with a legal claim can be stressful .
We understand .
Since 1965 , we have successfully represented many medical malpractice victims .
We are the medical malpractice lawyers at Arye , Lustig & Sassower , P.C .
Could your child have suffered birth injuries ?
Find out for sure .
Call us : 212.732.4992 or 800-574-4LAW .
Free consultation .
How We Prepare Your Case
Our attorneys work with medical and nursing experts to examine the events leading up to the injury to determine whether all reasonable and customary care was provided to the mother and child .
Did medical staff fail to identify the risk of premature labor so efforts could be taken to prevent early delivery ?
Did medical staff fail to identify the start of delivery , resulting in the mother being unattended or not being monitored during early labor ?
Did medical staff fail to identify fetal distress , a reduced heartbeat or lack of oxygen going to the baby , causing brain damage ( hypoxia ) and possibly cerebral palsy ?
Did the midwife or doctor make mistakes in extracting the baby , leading to Erb 's palsy / brachial plexus palsy or shoulder dystocia ?
Did the baby suffer brain damage or nerve damage and facial paralysis from improper use of forceps or a vacuum extractor ?
Was the mother given too much Pitocin , causing excessively hard labor and injury to the mother or baby ?
Did medical staff fail to perform a C - section delivery where appropriate ?
No settlement can compensate for an injury to an infant .
However , we know that families dealing with the tragedy of a birth injury will face significant medical expenses .
These children can often benefit from ongoing therapy and rehabilitation services , and may have special educational needs .
All of these needs can be helped with the funds obtained in a medical malpractice case .
The attorneys at Arye , Lustig & Sassower , P.C. , are focused on helping ensure your family has the resources your child needs .
We have obtained millions of dollars in verdicts and settlements for medical malpractice victims .
Contact Our Firm | Get The Answers You Need
If your child suffered a birth injury as a result of an error before birth or in the delivery room , contact Arye , Lustig & Sassower , P.C. , by email , call our Manhattan offices locally at 212.732.4992 or call us toll free at 800- 574-4LAW .
Your first consultation is free of charge .
Also , you will owe no attorney 's fees unless we secure money damages for you .
( CNN ) --
In a news conference Monday in Tehran , Iran 's Foreign Ministry spokesman Hassan Qashqavi made some accusations about western media outlets .
Iran 's Foreign Ministry spokesman Hassan Qashqavi accused Western media outlets of targeting Iran .
Qashqavi accused " everyone working " at the BBC , the Voice of America and CNN of pursuing the " weakening of Iran 's unity " and seeking the " disintegration " of the country all because , he said , of ties to Israel and Zionism .
In addition , Qashqavi specifically claimed that CNN " officially " trains people to " hack government and foreign ministry " Web sites .
He cited a CNN.com story about how protesters used a technique against the Web site of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
" This is the CNN 's schedule .
They officially trained the people to come and hack Iran 's government Web sites .
This is the English text , I can give it to you .
This is a cyber war .
This , with , is n't it a cyber war of the media with an independent government ?
They asked people to use the DOS system to hack our Web sites , " Qashqavi said .
In response , CNN released this statement : " The accusations are completely false .
CNN stands by its comprehensive coverage of the Iranian election and the protests that followed .
CNN has been and will remain committed to continuing its efforts to bring news from Iran to the world in whatever way it can .
The images and events coming in from Iran speak for themselves .
CNN is beholden to no government in its reporting . "
Watch CNN refute Iran 's claim »
Rockstar Games , the world - renowned publishing label of Take - Two Interactive Software , Inc. , is pleased to announce that one of the highest - rated handheld games of all time , Grand Theft Auto : Chinatown Wars , will be making its way to the PSP ® ( PlayStation ®Portable ) handheld entertainment system .
Developed by the award - winning studio Rockstar Leeds , in conjunction with series creator Rockstar North , Grand Theft Auto : Chinatown Wars will be available at retail on UMD ® and digitally from the PlayStation ®Network in North America and Europe this fall .
“ We ’re proud to extend this truly unique handheld Grand Theft Auto experience to PSP and offer a downloadable version of Chinatown Wars for PSP ® go , ” said Sam Houser , Founder of Rockstar Games .
“ Rockstar Leeds has shown incredible talent in creating games that raise the bar in terms of depth and innovation on portables , and with Chinatown Wars we have a rich , fast - paced , and incredibly addictive entry into the series . ”
“ Rockstar ’s work with the GTA series has been an enormous part of the success of PlayStation platforms , ” said Jack Tretton , President and CEO of Sony Computer Entertainment America .
“ We ’re excited to welcome the critically acclaimed Chinatown Wars to the outstanding line - up of great games headed to the PSP platform this fall . ”
Grand Theft Auto : Chinatown
Wars follows the story of Huang Lee , a young Triad who travels to Liberty City after the mysterious death of his father .
Within the game , players will navigate their way through the streets as they uncover the truth behind an epic tale of crime and corruption within the Triad crime syndicate , delivering the unprecedented amount of depth that has become a true trademark of the franchise .
Specifically built for the PSP platform with upscaled widescreen graphics , enhanced lighting and animation ; and including all - new story missions ; this version of Grand Theft Auto : Chinatown Wars will take full advantage of the power of the PSP system .
Paranoia is a Mental Illness ? - The Exaggerated Distrust
Paranoia is a condition in which the patient becomes a prey to premature delusion .
According to Kraeplein , in this disease the cause of delusion is internal , and no hallucination is involved .
Definition of Paranoia
According to the Medical Dictonary , Paranoia is a a psychological condition which has delusions of persecution , jealousy , extreme self indulgence , typically taking a shape of a system internally .
It can be a manifest of chronic personality disorder , drug abuse , or in many severe conditions , a symptom of schizophrenia .
Paranoia is not characterized by any hallucinations , but it often has systematic delusion of grandeur .
Paranoia a lot of times is a symptom of an underlying condition such as paranoid personality disorder , schizophrenia or delusional disorder , etc .
The treatment of Paranoia can include prescribed medicines and some different therapies or a combination of them .
The common feeling experienced by people suffering from Paranoia is that they are being target of persecution by others .
Their feeling ranges between hallucinating ideas of being central figures in situations which are far from realiity .
These ideas have very little connection to them in real life .
Generally speaking , the people who suffer from Paranoid Personality Disorder do not have trust in other people .
They always have a desire or need to become or show high degree of autonomy and self sufficiency .
They try to have a sound control over other people surrounding them .
Rigid , stubborn , always critical , lowest level of collaboration , are some of the traits of people suffering with Paranoid Personality Disorder .
Is paranoia a common illness ?
Due to the lack of proper study and no research on this area before last 20 years , there has been little information around the severity of the paranoid sufferings across the world ( demographics ) .
According to some of the recent Surveys conducted in USA , UK , France , etc , paranoia is widespread and around 18 % - 20 % people across the world have paranoid thoughts .
About 3 % - 5 % people have severe form of paranoia .
Some of the severe cases need hospitalization .
Some of the medications like antipsychotic drugs or atypical drugs can soothe some of the symptoms .
Paranoid people also refuse from taking medicines since they think it can harm them .
Some of the severe cases need to take the help of hospitalization as well .
Who all are there to help ?
One can reach out to the doctor , psychiatrist , public hospital or community health centre for help on Paranoia related cases .
There are different categories of harm for which the person can feel paranoid – viz .
– psychological of emotional , physical and financial .
Diagnosis
There are two levels of difficulty in identifying and diagnosing paranoid behaviour properly .
First is the degree of mistrust related to the range of mental disorders – example it can occur to people with dementia .
Second the person does not want to visit the doctors and hospitals .
They will certainly refuse to be part of any medical settings – feared of harm at the hospital .
Majorly , the general tests to diagnose include physical examination , psychological tests , ruling out other mental illnesses , checking the medical history and symptoms , etc .
Symptoms of Paranoia
The main symptom is permanent delusion .
It should be kept in mind that there is delusion in schizophrenia also but in that case it is not permanent or organized .
In paranoia the symptoms of delusion appear gradually , and the patient is sentimental , suspicious , irritable , introverted , depressed , obstinate , jealous , selfish , unsocial and bitter .
Hence his social and family adjustment is not desirable , and while he has the highest desirable , the effort that he is prepared to expend is correspondingly little .
Here the person does not acknowledge his own failures or faults , and by sometimes accepting certain qualities as belonging to himself , even when imaginary , he develops paranoia .
The " Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders " , fourth edition ( DSM - IV ) , the US manual of the mental health professional ; lists the following symptoms for paranoid personality disorder :
preoccupied with unsupported doubts about friends or associates .
suspicious ; unfounded suspicions ; believes others are plotting against him / her .
perceives attacks on his / her reputation that are not clear to others , and is quick to counterattack .
maintains unfounded suspicions regarding the fidelity of a spouse or significant other
reads negative meanings into innocuous remarks .
reluctant to confide in others due to a fear that information may be used against him / her .
Different types or kinds of Paranoia
Persecutory paranoia -
This is the most prevalent type of paranoia , and in this patient makes himself believe that all those around him are his enemies , bent on harming him or even taking his life .
In this delusion people of an aggressive temperament often turns dangerous killers .
Delusion of Grandeur -
In this patient believes himself to be , a great individual , and according to Bleuler , this delusion of grandeur accompanies a persecutory delusion .
Religious paranoia -
Here the patients suffer from a permanent delusion of a primarily religious nature .
He for example believes , that he is the messenger of God who has been sent to the world to propagate some religion .
Reformatory paranoia -
In this the patient turns to considering himself a great reformer .
He accordingly looks upon all those around him .
As suffering from dangerous disease , and believes that he is their reformer and curator .
Erotic paranoia -
Here the patient often tends to believe that some members of the family of the opposite sex , belonging to an illustrious family , want to marry him .
Such people even write love letters and there by , cause much botheration to other people .
Litigious paranoia -
In this kind the patient takes to feeling meaningless cases against other people and feels that people are linked together to bother him .
Sometimes he , even tries to murder .
Hypochondrical paranoia -
In this kind the patients believes that he is suffering from all kind of ridiculous diseases , and also that some other people are to blame for his suffering .
Cause of Paranoia
1 ) Homosexual fixation : According to Freud , the patient suffering from the disease has repressed his tendency to homosexual love to such an extent that he develops a fixation concerning it .
Freud 's view has been found correct in many cases , but it does not explain each and every case of the disease .
2 ) Feelings of inferiority :
Here the psychologists have found that the main cause of paranoia is a sense of inferiority that may be caused by a variety of condition such as failure , disgust , sense of guilt .
3 ) Emotional complex : Certain psychologist points out emotional complexes , and also believe that they are seen to be present in other mental diseases as also in normal individuals .
4 ) Personality type : Cameron believes a certain type to be more susceptible to this disease , a personality that has sentimentally , jealousy , suspicion , ambition , selfishness and shyness etc .
Patients of paranoia do exhibit these peculiarities of personality but on this basis they cannot be said to belong to definite personality .
5 ) Heredity :
In the opinion of Fisher the main responsibility of paranoia lies fairly and squarely upon heredity , although he does not deny the importance of repression and emotional complexes .
The causes of paranoia are not physical because no patient exhibits any signs of physical deformity and among the causes there are many important " ones , such as defects of personality , sense of inferiority , repression etc .
Medication , Treatment and Cure of Paranoia
The treatment of paranoia is not straight as other illnesses .
This is a disease which is controlled and treated by using behaviour therapy .
It aims at cutting down the sensitivity of critics and work on the social skills .
Since the person suffering is irritable , unwilling and protective about himself , it can be difficult to get the treatment progress .
The idea of behaviour therapy is to break the cycle of suspicion through the use of anxiety management techniques and behaviour changes in certain areas of day to day life .
A cure of paranoia is very difficult and it is essential that treatment should be started immediately the disease comes to be known .
Once it grows on a person there is no curing to it .
The chief method of curing it is the following :
Psychoanalytic method - Compared to other mental diseases , this disease does not respond immediately to psychoanalytic treatment because , being suspicious , the patient does not cooperate with the doctor .
Even then , with due precaution , certain results can be achieved by employing this method .
- Compared to other mental diseases , this disease does not respond immediately to psychoanalytic treatment because , being suspicious , the patient does not cooperate with the doctor .
Even then , with due precaution , certain results can be achieved by employing this method .
Injection of Insulin- some patients also responds to this treatment but this can not be said of all .
Prognosis of Paranoia
Predicting the prognosis of an individual suffering from Paranoia is quite difficult .
Paranoia generally becomes a whole life or lifelong condition if there exists any underlying mental disorder , such as schizophrenia or paranoid personality disorder .
It certainly and sometimes get better with some treatments or remission or with slight changes in medication .
People who have symptoms of paranoia as part of another medical condition may also have a waxing and waning mental course .
Sometimes it is the case that paranoia is caused by the use of a particular drug or medication .
In this case , it is possible that discontinuing that substance may completely reverse the symptoms of paranoia .
Facts about Paranoid Personality Disorder
Paranoid personality is a disorder which is distinguished by extreme doubt , dishonesty and unfriendliness with people .
It causes problem in personal life and close contacts .
Bad experiences in the past and fearful incidents are the root causes of the paranoid personality .
Patient with this disorder must go through psychotherapy .
Get knowledge about this disorder and do not miss therapy sitting .
Yoga and acupuncture methods are useful to control paranoid personality .
Self Help Tips for Paranoia
1. Decide that you will be quite and will not become angry for some part of the day .
2. Perform some breathing exercises and realize the fact that people are there not to harm them .
95 % of the activities of people are done with no intension of harming you .
3 . Think that you are having sure success in your illness and always smile .
The person who is scared and fearful will be needed to replace these thoughts with good thoughts .
4 . There should be no treatment using medications or other treatment mechanisms without proper diagnosis from mental health professional .
5 . Take help and advice from psychologist , psychotherapist , clinical social worker , or psychiatrist .
6 . Medicines are needed in some of the cases and they are must to control the paranoid thoughts which can eventually harm you .
7. Avoid anger and revengeful feelings .
They can cause more harm than benefit .
8 . Adopt new thoughts and hobbies .
9 . Learn new ways of communication .
Paranoid Schizophrenia
Some regular bouts of delusions and hallucinations are typical characteristics of paranoid schizophrenia .
These are the most common phenomenon which makes paranoid schizophrenia most distinct from other schizophrenia .
Auditory hallucinations -
An auditory hallucination is a condition where a person hear the sound generally words , voices , etc. which no one else hears .
These voices are usually unpleasant and pretend to talk to one another or with the sufferer .
Delusions -
In paranoid schizophrenia , delusions are very common .
One of the most regular delusion is that you are being left alone for performing harm to you .
This results in voilent behaviour and aggression out of self defence .
Paranoid personality disorder Diagnosis
The diagnosis of paranoid personality disorder involves testifying against the following set of behaviour .
A match of 4 or more criterion suggests the presence of illness :
1 . One believes that others are exploiting , harming , or plotting against them .
2 . One is doubtful about trusting the loyalty of close friends and pals .
3 . Do not believe and confide in others with of fear of being harmed because of the known / suggested facts .
4 . The person takes some events or remarks as threatening .
5 . They have constant grudges against everyone around because of the ill feelings .
They just cannot tolerate insults , injuries , etc .
6 . They react quickly to situations and attack very quickly .
What are the causes of PPD Paranoid personality disorder ?
There are no known causes of PPD and it is thought to be a combination of biological and psychological factors .
It does have a genetic link since people who have family history of schizophrenia are more likely to suffer from PPD as well .
Can Depression Make you Paranoid ?
Although the real cause of Paranoia is not fully understood , there are strong relation in the symptoms experienced in Psychotic Depression and Paranoia .
The hopelessness and sadness associated with depression is also part of paranoia along with other psychotic symptoms
Where to find help for Paranoia ?
Your doctor
Psychiatrist
Public hospital
Community health centre
Local , Regional or National Mental Health Foundations
I think I have a mild case of paranoia and I am suspicious , but not to all around me .
Those I am suspicious of , I do not harm .
But I am introverted , to most everyone but children .
Any suggestions to help rid myself of these suspicions .
- Tom
About three or four years a go i had a traumatizing incident that has left me with a pretty severe case of paranoia .
Unfortunately , it gets worse everyday .
I tried to go to a counselor but my paranoia came back , and my doctors havent found anything wrong with me .
Some days i have paranoia of the people around me and other days it is a night time paranoia that causes me to turn on lights in fear that someone will appear in the dark and try to attack me .
Also , i have a hard time trusting family in friends , thinking that they will try to harm or kill me .
Although i am getting better with trusting the people around me , my parinoia of death grows worse .
- Shauna
I constantly feel like my job is in jeopordy .
No matter how much reassurance i get , the next day I find some reason why I might get fired .
Also it seems like the other employees are talking bad about me and its almost an obsession with me now .
I try not to make it too noticable but sometimes ill just harp on things until I find out what they were talking about .
The slightest bit of criticism I receive will make me think about nothing else for days .
What can I do to overcome this ?
Anyone else feel this way at all ?
- Toby
I had a traumatic experience 4 years ago and it effected me so deeply that I developed extreme paranoia .
I sought proffessional help and my doctor diagnosed me as bi-polar .
I am currently on medication for paranoia but I the thoughts are not diminishing .
I still believe my husband is having an affair along with plans that he will take my children from me due to my illness .
I can not have a conversation with him without thinking there a hidden , cryptic meanings in all that he says .
I flat out do not trust him and I believe I am justified in my beliefs .
Our relationship has deteriorated dramatically .
We have not been intimate since this happened 4 years ago and obviously his lack of wanting to be with me fuels my paranoia .
I would leave but I fear he will win custody of my children plus I question my ability to live alone .
Is there anything I can do to to manage this way of thinking or will this be a lifelong thing .
I would appreciate any advice you are willing to offer .
- Hilary Terry
i am not sure weather or not if i am but at night i have a fear that when i am sleeping some one will harm me in some way .
so i stay awake all night untill i fall asleep from exaustion - dan
i am in a relationship and i think i may be paranoid since im always suspicious about my boyfriend and making up negative thoughts that he did or does behind my back when there is no rational thing about it .
i also seem to twist words he says and the meanings of it and i get paranoid .
help me !
- Hailey
I think i have a mild case of paranoia as well .
I always feel like my boyfriend of 2 years has some huge secret hes been keeping from me , and that he has cheated on me and just wont tell me , and when i dont know where he is i feel that he is cheating or doing somthing that he wont tell me about later .
I constantly think he is lying even when i have no evidence .
And even if i do have some small peice of evidence that a normal person could easily dismiss , i cannot .
I feel as if i will never trust him and i will never let my gaurd down for one second .
I usualy try to put aside these feelings during the day but i cant always do that and even when i can , they are there at night and i can never sleep .
- sara
A washing machine that cuts water usage by 90 % is due to hit American shores next year .
The Xeros washing machine , which takes its name from the Greek word for “ dry ” , cleans clothes using reusable nylon polymer beads with an inherent polarity that attracts stains .
The beads are added to the wash along with as little as a cup of water and a drop of detergent .
After the water dissolves the stains , the beads , which become absorbent under humid conditions , soak up the water along with the dirt .
The dirt is not just attracted to the surface , but is absorbed into the center of the beads .
The beads are removed automatically within the machine at the end of the load so there ’s no need for the user to worry about separating the beads themselves .
They also do n’t require cleaning and can last for about 100 loads or laundry , or about six months of average family usage .
Since the Xeros does n’t require a rinse or spin cycle the it uses just 2 % of the energy of conventional washing machines , cutting CO2 emissions on top of the water savings .
The energy savings are further enhanced by the fact that the clothes come out nearly dry , meaning no power - hungry clothes dryer is required .
Xeros claims that , taking all these factors into account , its machine achieves a 40 % reduction in carbon emissions over conventional washing and drying .
The technology was developed by researchers at Leeds University who have established a spin - off company called Xeros Ltd to market the technology .
“ We will not make the machines ourselves so are inviting interest from machine manufacturers who would want to partner with us to bring the Xeros system to the market , ” Xeros Ltd CEO , Bill Westwater , told Gizmag .
Westwater went on to say that the company plans to launch the technology in the commercial laundry market first “ with a target date of late 2010 . "
" After we are established in this commercial sector we will certainly be examining how we can compact the technology so that it can fit into consumer homes . ”
MOSCOW , Jan 7 ( Reuters ) - Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin ordered gas export monopoly Gazprom GAZP .MM to halt gas supplies via Ukraine on Wednesday , Russian news agencies reported .
In a meeting with Putin , Gazprom chief executive Alexei Miller proposed halting deliveries of gas to the Russian - Ukraine border because Kiev was siphoning off the fuel , Interfax news agency reported .
Putin agreed to the proposal and said : “ This should be done openly , in the presence of international observers . ” ( Writing by Amie Ferris - Rotman ; Editing by Christian Lowe )
As far as he can tell , Chris in Portland thinks this anonymous text was sent by his downstairs neighbor after a morning of hitting the snooze button one too many times .
“ Needless to say , ” Chris admits , “ this was not the first time I had ignored the alarm clock . ”
What ’s strange , Chris says , is that he has no idea how the neighbor got a hold of his cell phone number .
“ My only thought is that about a month prior to receiving this text , I left my phone number on a post - it on the front door of the building so the UPS delivery guy could get a hold of me .
They must have held onto that number the whole time , just waiting for the absolute breaking point . ”
Creepy … but kind of genius , right ?
related : Recipe for roommate discord
Defeat is sharp rebuke to governor , Legislature Bitter defeat : Voters send strong message to governor , Legislature
A voter marks his ballot in the basement of City Hall in San Francisco on Tuesday , May 19 , 2009 .
A voter marks his ballot in the basement of City Hall in San Francisco on Tuesday , May 19 , 2009 .
Photo : Paul Chinn , The Chronicle Photo : Paul Chinn , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 8 Caption Close Defeat is sharp rebuke to governor , Legislature 1 / 8 Back to Gallery
California voters soundly rejected a package of ballot measures Tuesday that would have reduced the state 's projected budget deficit of $ 21.3 billion to something slightly less overwhelming : $ 15.4 billion .
The defeat of the measures means that Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and the state Legislature will have to consider deeper cuts to education , public safety , and health and human services , officials have said .
Propositions 1A through 1E - which would have changed the state 's budgeting system , ensured money to schools in future years and generated billions of dollars of revenue for the state 's general fund - fell well behind in early returns and never recovered .
The only measure that voters approved was Proposition 1 F , which will freeze salaries of top state officials , including lawmakers and the governor , during tough budget years .
In a written statement Tuesday night , Schwarzenegger said that he believes Californians are simply frustrated with the state 's dysfunctional budget system .
" Now we must move forward from this point to begin to address our fiscal crisis with constructive solutions , " the governor said .
Senate President Pro Tem Darrell Steinberg , D - Sacramento , said voter rejection of the propositions reflects the fact that people are facing difficult economic times and he is prepared to return to the budget negotiating table today .
" We 're going to get right to work ... and finish by June 30 , " before the new fiscal year begins , he said .
" It 's not going to be a long , hot summer . "
Opponents of the measures on Tuesday labeled the package as " flawed proposals . "
" The governor and the Legislature must develop budget solutions that put California on a real path to fiscal stability , " said Lillian Taiz , president of California Faculty Association .
The six ballot measures stemmed from a budget deal Schwarzenegger and legislative leaders brokered in February to close a nearly $ 42 billion budget shortfall through June 2010 .
Budget fixes included $ 17 billion in cuts , more than $ 12 billion in temporary tax increases , reliance on billions of dollars in federal economic stimulus funds - and asking voters to approve ballot measures to generate more revenue for the cash - strapped state .
Despite all that , California 's budget fell deeper into deficit as a result of plummeting revenue and rising costs .
With the ballot measures trailing in polls , Schwarzenegger last week announced the state 's shortfall could grow to $ 21.3 billion this summer if voters reject the measures .
His critics accused Schwarzenegger of using scare tactics on the eve of the special election , but the governor argued that Californians had to know what the consequences would be before they voted .
Three of the propositions - 1C , 1D and 1E - would have had immediate impact on the state 's budget by raising nearly $ 6 billion in the new fiscal year that begins July 1 .
Prop. 1B would have ensured that schools would get more than $ 9 billion beginning in the 2011 - 12 fiscal year , but it would have become valid only if voters also approved Prop.
1A , which Schwarzenegger promoted the most .
Prop. 1A represented the elusive budget reform Schwarzenegger has sought since he was elected more than five years ago .
It would have limited spending and created a rainy - day fund while extending the recently enacted tax increases from two years to four .
The measure 's spending limit was aimed at getting Republican backing for the budget compromise , which included temporarily increasing vehicle license fees and taxes on sales and income .
But even that was n't enough to get the plan through the state Senate , resulting in the addition of Prop.
1 F , the pay freeze .
Last week , while unveiling the grim prospects for the state budget , Schwarzenegger insisted that the ballot measures are not about him but about the future of the Golden State .
" It 's about California 's future and California 's legacy .
It 's not about me or any legislator , " he said Thursday , adding that the combination of the ballot measures ' passage and his budget solutions would put California back on track for a " slow and steady march back to prosperity . "
Schwarzenegger tried to build a broad coalition of proponents of the measures , but he did much of the heavy lifting , helping to raise more than $ 15 million for the " yes " campaign .
The proponents of the measures together raised a total of about $ 29 million .
The opposition , made up mostly of anti-tax groups and some labor unions , raised about $ 5 million .
The complexity of the ballot package created unlikely allies for both sides .
Schwarzenegger was on the same side as the California Teachers Association .
The measures ' opponents included anti-tax groups , unions and advocates for the poor who often are at odds over state budget priorities and policies .
I am not an animal .
I am a cat .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
I ’m convinced that people crave massive amounts of mediocrity .
If given the choice between “ a lot of average ” or “ a little of great ” , they will choose the former every single time .
This explains why “ Two and a Half Men ” is a TV juggernaut and “ 30 Rock ” is barely staying afloat .
Now , do n’t get me wrong .
I ’m not saying people are stupid ( okay maybe I am – just a little bit ) .
People do n’t like utter crap .
If they did , then Hoobastank would still be around .
If it ’s truly heinous then people wo n’t buy it .
But if it ’s just okay and you can get a lot of it for very little money , then people will lap it up like my drunk Uncle Steve laps up Wild Turkey on Christmas ( and he is a raging alcoholic – sorry , Uncle Steve ) .
Is Olive Garden really that good of Italian food ?
( Can I even call it “ Italian food ” ?
Shit , can I even call it “ food ” ? )
Are the never - ending breadsticks and salad really that kick ass ?
No , but people love it because it is n’t totally foul tasting and there is plenty to go around .
It ’s similar with “ Fast and Furious ” .
I ’ll go ahead and ignore the ridiculous story and the stilted acting just to be fair .
Was that the best action movie ever ?
Were the car stunts really that amazing ?
Hell no .
Again it was just good enough and plentiful enough not to be truly offensive .
It does n’t have to be good .
It just has to be barely good .
If it ’s really good people will wonder if you ’re trying to trick them into experiencing something different .
It should be just good enough that you can consume it without thinking about it .
And it ca n’t be too little ; otherwise people will instantly feel cheated .
People always feel cheated if they get too little of anything .
You could give someone a small , steaming bowl of diarrhea mixed with vomit and they ’ll complain , “ What the fuck ?!
Why the small bowl ? ” I ’ll say this :
Whoever first came up with this concept of large quantities of average virtually guarantees success was a genius .
He or she must have had to be aware that whatever they were making was just barely acceptable but then suddenly had the brainstorm , “ If I make more , they will come . ”
And if you think I ’m way off base and this “ success equation ” is ridiculous , just ask yourself this one question :
If I am wrong then why is Nickelback still so fucking popular ?
( Except in Portugal . )
Where the U.S. MSM continue to fail
PLUS : What of the Bush Regime 's justifications for not only negotiating with , but actually working with the ' international terrorist ' regime in Libya ?...
Brad Friedman Byon 5/13/2009 , 1:32 pm PT
Andy Worthington , who largely broke the story of the reported ' suicide ' of Ibn al - Shaykh al - Libi in a Libyan prison , into the English - language press on Sunday ( as we helped that night ) , picked up last night on our followup to the original story , decrying the paucity of coverage of the disturbing report in the U.S. corporate mainstream media .
Al - Libi was , after all , the ' ghost detainee ' who had offered a false link between Iraq and al - Qaeda , used loudly by the Bush Administration before the war as a key justification for it , after being tortured by the CIA and Egypt , where he'd been secretly renditioned from U.S. custody at Guantanamo .
He would later recant his false ' confession , ' explaining that it had come about only after 17 hours of ' mock burial , ' and a session of brutal beatings by his captors which followed it .
Newsweek describes the al - Libi affair today as " one of the biggest intelligence fiascos of the run up to the Iraq War " and " a major embarrassment for the Bush administration . "
Worthington asked why the initial " media silence , " before noting that while U.S. outlets have finally begun to cover the story , one of the better initial reports , from Peter Finn at Washington
Post fails to follow up on the paper 's own previous coverage of ' ghost detainees , ' which included al - Libi , who had disappeared , at some point , from the Bush Administration 's long list of suspected ' terrorists ' captured following 9/11 .
Al - Libi was one of those captives previously reported on by WaPo .
His re-emergence in Libya --- where he was spotted by Human Rights Watch at the Abu Salim prison in late April , in apparent good health , but refused to be interviewed , reportedly saying only " Where were you when I was being tortured in American prisons ? " --- was punctuated , just two weeks later , by the surprising news of his reported ' suicide . '
But where WaPo covered some of the points mentioned in a press release on al - Libi 's death from HRW , they failed to mention any of the other ' ghost detainees ' mentioned in the very same press release , whose whereabouts had been a mystery up until now .
That , even though WaPo had previously reported the ' missing ' status of those same detainees !
Given the disturbing fate of al - Libi --- who , HRW 's Tom Malinowski charges , " was missing because he was such an embarrassment to the Bush administration .
He was Exhibit A in the narrative that tortured confessions contributed to the massive intelligence failure that preceded the Iraq war " --- it 's disappointing that the paper has so far failed to connect dots that could , in this case , help shine a spotlight on growing concerns about some of those other detainees :
A spotlight which may help keep them alive , at this point .
There is certainly good reason to question both the timing , and reported means , of al - Libi 's death , not the least of which is the point made in several media reports , including AP 's , where some have " expressed doubts that al - Libi killed himself , saying al - Libi was a ' true Muslim and Islam prohibits committing suicides . ' "
Yet , as Worthington notes , the Post failed to even mention the current status of the other detainees HRW discovered in the Libyan prison , even as they had similarly been sent there by the CIA following claims of abuse and torture at the hands of the U.S ....
Human Rights
Watch also revealed that , although its researchers had been unable to talk to al - Libi , they did interview four other Libyan prisoners , sent to Libya by the CIA between 2004 to 2006 , who stated that they had been tortured by US forces in detention centers in Afghanistan , and that US forces had also supervised their torture in Pakistan and Thailand .
One of the men , Mohamed Ahmad Mohamed al - Shoroeiya , also known as Hassan Rabi'i , told Human Rights Watch that " in mid-2003 , in a place he believed was Bagram prison in Afghanistan , " he had been subjected to the following abuse : " The interpreters who directed the questions to us did it with beatings and insults .
They used cold water , ice water .
They put us in a tub with cold water .
We were forced [ to go ] for months without clothes .
They brought a doctor at the beginning .
He put my leg in a plaster .
One of the methods of interrogation was to take the plaster off and stand on my leg . "
...
[ T ]he Post failed to follow up on the stories of the other prisoners mentioned in the Human Rights Watch press release , even though , in October 2007 , Craig Whitlock had written a front - page article for the Post , " From CIA Jails , Inmates Fade Into Obscurity , " which included details of the four prisoners .
...
Just as the story of Ibn al - Shaykh al - Libi should shine the most uncomfortable light on former Vice President Dick Cheney 's claims that the CIA 's web of secret prisons and proxy prisons protected America from further deadly attacks ( and not , as it transpired , provided false information obtained through torture to justify an illegal war ) , so the stories of these four men deserve to be heard , to focus much - needed attention on a policy which , with no oversight from either Congress or the judiciary , allowed the Executive branch to indulge its dictatorial fantasies by " disappearing " prisoners anywhere around the world , and , in some cases , returning them to countries like Libya , with its notoriously poor human rights record , even when , as Craig Whitlock noted , at least two of these men " had nothing to do with al - Qaeda . "
Worthington , a journalist , blogger , historian , and the author of The Guantanamo Files : The Stories of the 774 Detainees in America 's Illegal Prison goes on to conclude by pointing out the hypocrisy with which the U.S. , under the Bush Regime , decided to begin not only negotiating with , but actually working as partners with the terrorist regime in Libya ...
And an even bigger story , to which I hope to return in future , involves asking searching questions of both the US and UK governments regarding their role in forcibly returning - or attempting to return - Libyan prisoners from Guantánamo , and Libyan residents in the UK , whose only crime , it appears , is to have been in the wrong place at the wrong time when Colonel Gaddafi , once regarded as a pariah and an international terrorist , became an ally in the " War on Terror , " and those who opposed him were transformed , overnight , from freedom fighters to terrorists .
Do you ever mistakenly use your own power against yourself ?
Instead of focusing your creative energies to fulfill your desires , do you channel those energies into negative thoughts , feelings , and visualizations ?
If so then you ’re succumbing to an abuse of your own power .
Here are some common patterns that involve using your power against yourself as well as suggestions for how to stop yourself and make corrective adjustments .
Complaining
When you complain , you ’re using your power to reinforce and magnify whatever you ’re complaining about .
Why on earth would you want to feed more energy into something you do n’t want ?
The more you complain , the more you ’ll continue to attract and create similar negative circumstances , and the more you ’ll have to complain about .
Once you step onto the treadmill of complaining , it ’s hard to step off again .
How do you feel about people who complain to you about their lives ?
Do you empathize with them ?
Do you feel pity for them ?
What if they keep it up year after year ?
Do n’t you sometimes feel like shaking them and shouting , “ For God ’s sakes would you please stop all the frakkin whining ?
I just ca n’t take it anymore !
Try taking some responsibility for your life .
Quit whining and go do something about your problems .
Stop playing the victim role — it ’s not who you ’re supposed to be . ”
Okay , so maybe you do n’t say that to their face , but deep down that is sometimes how you feel , is n’t it ?
Actually you ’d be lucky if that was how you felt .
A more common reaction is to not even recognize complaining for what it is .
Making negative comments about our own lives has become so ubiquitous that you may not even notice it when it happens .
Complaining has become an acceptable , “ normal ” part of human interaction .
However , the truth is that complaining is an enormously disempowering trap .
Learn to recognize it as a disease , and treat it aggressively when you encounter it , especially if you notice it ’s coming from you .
Have you ever seen a complainer finish complaining ?
Imagine a complainer saying , “ Well , that ’s it !
I finally finished complaining !
I now have nothing left to whine about , so I guess I can go be happy now . ”
Of course they never actually finish .
All they do is run themselves in circles , pouring more energy into the perpetuation of unhappiness .
Instead of complaining , do the opposite .
Talk about what ’s good in your life .
If you have problems to deal with , then talk about possible solutions .
Stay focused on what you want , not on what you do n’t want .
If you ’ve been a complainer for a while , you ’ve probably surrounded yourself with a posse of energy vampires who feed off your negative energy .
If that ’s the case , you ’re going to repel those people when you start shifting to become more positive .
Trust me — they will likely freak out and wo n’t be able to handle it .
Just allow that to happen .
In fact , go make it happen if you can .
If a parting of ways needs to happen , let it happen .
You ’ll be much better off .
When you talk about what ’s good in your life and about solutions and opportunities instead of problems and obstacles , you ’ll attract different people who can handle the new you — people who will play back at you with positive stories of their own .
Then you can encourage the heck out of each other .
These people are typically allergic to complainers , so if you complain a lot , you will naturally repel them , and they ’ll want nothing to do with you .
If you ca n’t seem to make and keep high - caliber , positive friends , is it possible you ’re repelling them by being too whiny ?
You ca n’t hide the way you use your power .
If you empower your weakness instead of embracing your greatness , other people can quickly sense that .
When you encounter a chain complainer , do n’t feed their addiction by rewarding their whining with attention or pity .
Instead , try raising their awareness of what they ’re doing to themselves .
You might say , “ I ’d prefer not to relate to you on the basis of complaining .
That is n’t going to serve either of us .
Can we talk about what ’s good in your life instead ? ”
Then you should probably duck .
People will sometimes freak out when you violate social conventions like this , but you ’ll be doing them a favor in the long run .
They may have to hear it a number of different times from different sources , but at least you ’ll play a part in helping them kick the habit if they ever choose to do so .
Better to shed some truth on their abuse of power than let it go unchecked and perpetuate their denial .
Self - doubt
Doubting yourself or feeling sorry for yourself is another way to abuse your power .
Now you ’re taking your power and using it to weaken yourself .
That ’s like being a god who says , “ Let me be powerless . ”
You ’re a naturally creative being .
It makes no sense to turn your creative energies into self - destruction .
If you doubt yourself , it ’s not because you ’re inherently defective .
It ’s not because you ’re a screw up .
It ’s because you have n’t yet learned how to use your power to create certainty .
Certainty is n’t something you detect .
It ’s not something you ’ll discover through analysis .
Certainty is a feeling that you create for yourself .
Certainty is when you say to the universe , “ Here ’s what I want .
Now let ’s make it so . ”
Self - doubt is when you say to the universe , “ Here ’s what I want .
Or wait … maybe I want this instead .
No… maybe I do n’t want either of those things .
I guess I ’m just not sure . ”
If that sounds really dumb , that ’s because it is dumb .
Stop being so wishy washy .
Stop reciting stupid affirmations like , “ I just do n’t know what to do . ”
Who taught you to do that anyway ?
Someone who was an even more egregious self - doubter ?
“ I do n’t know what to do ” is not an observation .
It ’s an act of creation .
Obviously you wo n’t know what to do if you ’re using your power to perpetuate a state of self - doubt .
Whenever you proclaim that you do n’t know what to do , you ’re creating your own state of perpetual uncertainty .
To move beyond self - doubt , start doing the opposite .
Use your power to create certainty instead of self - doubt .
Begin saying to yourself , “ I know what to do .
I ABSOLUTELY know what to do . ”
Say it like you mean it .
Never say , “ I do n’t know what to do ” to yourself or anyone else .
It only makes you weak .
Plus it ’s just dumb .
If you ca n’t handle , “ I know what to do , ” then start with , “ I ’m now gaining clarity about what to do . ”
Use your power to reorient yourself in the direction of clarity .
Never affirm “ I do n’t know what to do ” unless you really want to create a state of perpetual uncertainty .
It ’s foolish to act like a victim of your own uncertainty when you ’re the one who ’s creating it in the first place .
If you want certainty , you must create it .
You wo n’t find it out there in the world .
The world is waiting on you .
If you abuse your power to create self - doubt , then you ’ll be even more confused when you look to the external world for answers .
All it will do is reflect back what you ’ve created .
Please be warned that if you ever say “ I do n’t know what to do ” in my presence , I will smack you — hard .
Trust me — this will help you gain clarity .
At the very least , it will encourage you to come up with a better idea than being smacked again .
My way ’s not very sportsmanlike , but it can be quite effective .
Seriously , the next time you catch yourself saying , thinking , or believing , “ I do n’t know what to do , ” give yourself a good hard smack across the face .
This will help you connect that whining about your uncertainty is a form of self - abuse .
If you do n’t like smacking yourself in the face , then stop using your power to beat yourself down .
Fezzik , jog his memory .
Cowardice
When you use your power to feed your fears instead of your desires , you succumb to cowardice .
Think of it this way — whatever you feed with your energy will expand .
If you want your fears to grow and expand in your reality , then by all means keep feeding them .
Give them even more of your precious attention .
Think about your fears and worries often .
Hang out with other people who are also good at worrying .
Avoid anyone who faces up to their fears or who ’d nudge you to do the same .
Maybe there ’s a part of you that knows deep down that courage is an essential quality you must develop sooner or later if you ever wish to live as a mature , conscious human being .
Courage can be defined as the willingness to face your fears .
But what happens when you finally face one of your fears ?
The feeling of fear essentially dissolves because now you ’re focused on creating a result other than fear .
You may feel a sense of exhilaration and determination as the fear leaves you .
Another way of defining courage is to say that courage is the willingness to empower your desires instead of your fears .
You generate fear when you send energy to what you do n’t want — by thinking about it , dwelling on it , imagining it , etc .
You generate courage when you send energy to what you do want , in much the same way .
Gradually you feel more and more motivated to take action .
The more you use your power to generate a feeling of courage , the closer you are to making your desires real .
Whenever you catch yourself feeding your fears , stop and remind yourself that this is a serious abuse of your power .
Then reclaim that energy by imagining yourself drawing it back into you .
Finally , use your power correctly by imagining what you really want , and send all that energy into those thoughts , images , and feelings instead .
Spend time hanging out with the bravest people you can find .
When you do so , you ’ll see that they refuse to feed their fears .
They spend much more time feeding their desires .
They ’ve learned how to use their power to create more drive and passion instead of fear - based hesitation .
Arguing
Arguing with other people is another way to abuse your power .
Arguing is trying to make someone else wrong and yourself right at the same time .
This is an easy trap to fall into , but it does n’t serve you .
Making an effort to persuade someone to see things from another perspective is okay .
So is spirited debate .
In those situations you ’re trying to understand the other person ’s point of view and to encourage them to understand yours as well .
There ’s nothing wrong with that at all .
Arguing happens when you take this a step too far , trying to invalidate the other person ’s point of view entirely — to make them wrong for seeing reality as they do .
This is an abuse of power .
The problem with trying to make someone else wrong is that once again you ’re using your power against itself .
Your power is creative , not uncreative .
When you argue with someone , you ’re trying to uncreate their point of view , which ca n’t be done .
You can not invalidate a perspective .
Instead of arguing , think in terms of acceptance and consequences .
First , accept the other person ’s point of view as valid for them .
Then decide what the consequence of that realization will be .
Maybe the consequences are negligible .
Maybe it means the best solution is for you to each go your separate ways .
Or maybe the best outcome is somewhere in between .
Usually we run into a pattern of arguing when we resist the consequences of acceptance .
So we push too hard to force the other person to give in , and that simply does n’t work .
Even if the other person seems to go along , their consent will only be superficial .
As the saying goes , “ A man convinced against his will is of the same opinion still . ”
When you catch yourself arguing , where you ’re trying too hard to make yourself right and the other person wrong , just stop .
Drop the disempowering frame of winning vs. losing .
Then shift yourself into the frame of acceptance and consequences .
Accept the other person ’s point of view completely .
You may be convinced it ’s the wrong way to see things , but it is what it is .
Permit that person the freedom to choose their preferred perspective .
Next , ask yourself what the consequences of accepting the other person ’s point of view will be .
And finally , go ahead and implement those consequences if it ’s necessary for you to do so .
Sometimes when I catch myself getting into an argument with someone and realize just how pointless it is , I will up and quit right in the middle of the argument .
Defending my point of view simply is n’t a good use of my power .
Instead of continuing to fuss over who ’s right and who ’s wrong , I shift over to acceptance and consequences .
Even if I think the person is totally out of sync with reality for believing what they do , I accept that it ’s their choice to hold that perspective .
Then I ask myself , “ Based on this acceptance , what do I need to do about this ? ”
Most of the time it just means dropping the argument and letting it go , in which case the other person will have to decide what they want to do about my loss of interest in continuing to argue .
A week later I probably wo n’t even remember it .
Do n’t pour your time and energy into arguing .
Use your power to create something more positive instead .
Again , participating in a healthy debate is fine , but once you recognize that it ’s degraded into arguing , it ’s time to bow out and move on .
Asking permission
Asking permission is a tricky problem because it can be hard to notice .
Many people do n’t realize they ’re doing it and define such behavior as normal .
When you ask permission to create what you want , you ’re projecting your power onto someone else .
You ’re diminishing your authority as a creative being and thereby weakening yourself .
It ’s fine to negotiate with others to help you get what you want .
But if you desire to creating something new in your reality , do n’t ask permission to want it .
When I was a teenager , sometimes my Mom would question me about my plans as I was about to walk out the door .
Of course as a typical rebellious teen , I did n’t feel I needed anyone ’s permission to live my life as I saw fit .
So when she started questioning me , I would sometimes say , “ Just take note of what I ’m wearing , so you can identify the body later . ”
Then I stepped out the door .
Yes , that ’s a pretty ornery thing to say to one ’s Mom , but it helped me step away from asking permission and to assume more authority ( i.e. authorship ) over my own life .
I realized that just because someone was questioning my behavior did n’t mean I had to justify myself to them .
I could simply implement my decisions and accept the consequences of others ’ reactions .
It ’s amazing how many people yield control of their life ’s direction to someone else .
When you talk to such people , it ’s blatantly obvious that they are n’t in command .
They ’re still responsible for a starship , but they act like lowly ensigns .
Then when the ship crashes , they look for someone to blame .
The sad thing is that many times no one in particular is in command .
They just let themselves get bounced around by the currents of social conditioning .
What about going with the flow ?
That ’s fine if you ’re a water molecule … not so good if you ’re a human being .
Going with the flow only works if you ’re the one generating the flow in the first place .
Use your energy to set a clear course , and then let your actions flow with your intentions .
But do n’t use going with the flow as an excuse to be wimpy , powerless , and irresponsible .
Do n’t ask permission to live your life .
Give yourself full permission to want what you want .
Once again think in terms of acceptance and consequences .
If someone else has an issue with your decisions , let the issues be theirs to worry about .
When you inform people of new decisions you ’ve made , sometimes they ’re going to react negatively .
Get used to it .
Another person ’s resistance does n’t mean that you ’ve made a mistake .
I have little choice but to apply the model of acceptance and consequences because doing any less would be totally impractical for me .
For example , if I tell people my next article will be about productivity , some people will say , “ Yay — I ’ve been hoping you ’d write more about that . ”
And other people will exclaim , “ No , dammit !
Go back to writing about polarity . ”
It does n’t matter what the topic is .
Some people will embrace it ; others will resist it .
If you can see the folly in trying to seek permission from a large and diverse audience where it ’s impossible to get everyone to agree on the simplest things , can you also see the folly in seeking permission from people on an individual basis ?
Do you fall into the trap of asking your spouse or significant other for permission on how YOU should live your life ?
Even if you ’re in a relationship or have a family , do n’t you think you should be free to decide what you ’re going to eat , what career path you ’ll pursue , and what types of people you ’ll hang out with ?
Let the other person think in terms of acceptance and consequences as well .
If they do n’t like what you ’re into , they ’re always free to dump you and move on .
By all means make such decisions carefully and with a reasonable grasp of what the consequences may be .
But at the end of the day , you must make your choices and allow other to make theirs .
Do n’t submit your choices for approval by someone else .
You ’ll end up with a rather disappointing life if you do so .
Asking permission is really just a cop -out anyway .
It ’s nothing but an excuse to hold back .
Suppose you tell me that you really want to quit your unfulfilling job and start your own business , but your wife wo n’t let you .
What am I supposed to say to that ?
“ Oh , well … that ’s totally understandable then .
If your wife wo n’t let you … hmmm , that ’s rough … what can you do ?
I guess you ’ll have to learn to like your job .
I ’m sure she ’s worth it . ”
Yeah , right .
I ’d probably say instead , “ Whoa … did you just feel that ?
That wave of vibrational energy ?
What would you call that ?
Sheer cowardice perhaps ?
What ’s this nonsense about asking your wife for permission ?
What ’re you 12 years old or something ?
Just tell her you ’ve decided to start your own business and then go do it .
If she goes kittywompus over it , let her .
Inform her that you ’re moving forward with your plan and that you ’d appreciate her support , but that if she can’t handle it , she ’s free to dump you and go be with someone she can control instead . ”
Your wife ( or husband or significant other ) is n’t the problem .
The problem is you .
You ’re bringing out their resistance because they can sense your weakness , your lack of resolve .
And because they can see that you ’re weak , they do n’t trust you .
They ’re right not to trust you .
I would n’t trust you either .
When you give off the hint that you ’re asking permission , people will jump on it .
They ’ll give you plenty of reasons why you ca n’t get what you want .
If you start seeking their permission , you ’re giving away your power .
Use your power to feed your desires and decisions , not the objections raised by others .
It ’s not a bad thing to ask for feedback from people , but do that to strengthen your own decisions , not to seek approval .
I often post about my decisions on my blog because I want people to try to poke holes in them .
I want people to test me and challenge me .
I ’m not asking their permission because my decision is already made , and I ’m simply informing them of it .
But I still want them to take their best shots to see if they can say something that might derail me from my course .
This helps me refine my decisions , and it also strengthens my power .
It ’s similar to doing resistance training at the gym to boost the definition and strength of your muscles .
Blaming
Blaming other people , events , or circumstances for your lot in life is pointless .
By denying responsibility for the life you ’re creating , you only use your power to weaken yourself .
As the saying goes , “ With great power comes great responsibility . ”
So what happens if you turn off the responsibility ?
Off goes the power switch as well .
You wind up helpless .
You ca n’t wield power over your reality and deny responsibility for your creations at the same time .
You must be both powerful and responsible — or neither .
Do n’t blame .
Practice acceptance and forgiveness instead .
Accept what you have to deal with , and focus on channeling your energies in a creative way .
You are always creating .
You can not help it .
Your nature is to be a creative being .
By choosing different thoughts and actions , you could create a very different life for yourself in a matter of days .
That option is always available to you .
No one is stopping you or holding you back .
You can only hold yourself back .
Realize that whatever life you ’re living , you are creating it — right now in this moment .
If you do n’t like what you ’re experiencing , then resolve to create something else .
Begin to create that new reality immediately .
Realize that no one is coming to rescue you .
It ’s entirely up to you to make your life what you want it to be .
I had to learn this lesson while sitting in jail when I was 19 .
I could have found plenty of people to blame for putting me there .
But instead I chose to take responsibility for what I created .
I finally saw the foolishness of it all .
I realized that everything that happened up to that point was the result of what I was doing to myself .
In that moment I decided to create a very different life for myself .
Was it easy ?
Heck no .
But at least it got me using my power to create what I wanted instead of blindly following a path I did n’t really want .
Are you now finding yourself in some sort of jail cell that you ’re still denying ?
Is it a dead - end job ?
A bad relationship situation ?
An unhealthy lifestyle ?
A lack of purpose and inspiration ?
A lack of joy in your life ?
Whatever it is that you do n’t like about your life , that ’s the jail cell you ’ve created for yourself as a result of denying your power .
When will you be ready to reclaim your power to make your life the way you truly want it to be ?
Life is waiting on your answer , always listening , always hoping .
As a creative being , you ’re going to have some screw - ups .
Forgive yourself completely .
Accept your mistakes and learn from them .
This is a lot more intelligent than resisting or denying them .
Creativity is not perfection .
If you were perfect , there ’d be no need to create or experience anything .
Your creative power gives you the opportunity to grow and change .
Take advantage of it !
Own your power !
This is by no means an exhaustive list .
There are still more ways to abuse your power .
These just happen to be some of the most common .
Stop giving away your power — to other people , to your fears , to anything you do n’t want .
Use your power positively and creatively .
Channel the tremendous energy inside of you to manifest your desires .
It can be difficult to catch yourself abusing your power , especially when the negative behaviors are habitual .
One thing you can do is use the highly effective 30 - day trial method .
Take on one bad “ abuse of power ” habit , and commit to using your power only positively in that area for 30 days straight .
Simply do the opposite of what you ’ve been doing .
If you screw up , start again at day 1 until you make it the full 30 days .
Do n’t whine .
Do n’t weaken yourself .
Do n’t wimp out .
Do n’t argue .
Do n’t ask permission .
And do n’t blame .
Decide what you want to create and then pour your heart and soul into creating it .
Get in touch with that powerful creative being inside you , and let it shine !
Otherwise , start smacking away until you get it .
« User Enchantment ... | Main | " be surprising yet self - evident " - Walter Murch »
Ultra -fast release cycles and the new plane
I just came back from dinner with my daughter Skyler ( that 's her in the picture ) .
She 's an extremely passionate myspace user .
In her words , " If you 're not on myspace , you do n't exist . "
So I asked what made myspace so compelling ... why did n't she fall in love with LiveJournal ?
Her answer is a lesson for software developers ( especially Web 2.0 - ers ) , and was a theme of SXSW :
" myspace keeps doing what everybody really wants , and it happens instantly . "
She said they respond to feedback , " As soon as you think of something , it 's in there . "
She said , " It 's always evolving .
It changes constantly .
There 's always something new . "
I asked if these changes were disruptive or made it harder to use when nothing stays the same , and she gave me that teenage - attitude - eye - rolling - what - a - lame - question look .
Then she said the weirdest thing of all : " myspace is like a whole new plane of existence . "
She was n't kidding .
And I thought of two things I heard at ETech and SXSW that were really thought - provoking ...
Danah Boyd 's astonishing talk at ETech and the talk by the guys from SkinnyCorp ( founders of Threadless ) .
On the culture of myspace :
If you have kids of any age , or customers under the age of 40 , or support an online community , I urge you to read Danah 's transcript ( the link above ) -- this woman knows as much about the culture of myspace as anyone , and she has a ton of insight and knowledge about online communities .
At a deep level .
( I consider her blog in my top 20 for sure . )
On lightning release cycles :
Skyler 's comment about how myspace keeps changing and growing organically , almost every day , is a passionate user 's view of what the developer 's call quick release cycles .
Where software developers are typically on release cycles of 6 months to a year , the Threadless guys said that even two weeks was a little long .
In fact , virtually all of the web 2.0 - ish folks at the conference mentioned these quick release cycles as crucial .
There are a ton of issues , obviously , like what happens when a new release breaks something that previously worked .
The Threadless guys said that happens , but only rarely , and they just do a rollback .
Skyler said she 's seen things break on myspace , but nobody seems to care much since they know it 'll probably be fixed tomorrow .
I wonder if quick release cycles become almost addictive to the end users ... we 're so used to thinking of how upset they 'll be when we change things , but clearly this is a different ( and frickin ' HUGE ) group of users who not only do n't mind the change -- they THRIVE on it .
Perhaps those quick releases are a little like quick fixes .
Code Crack .
The Threadless guys ( and the 37signals guys ) have said pretty much the same thing as Skyler did -- that some people may complain when you change something , and occasionally you might even lose someone from the community , but that it 's very rare for someone to stay upset .
One day the users are threatening to revolt if XYZ is n't put back the way it was , and the next day they 've all but forgotten .
So , quick release cycles and a new plane of existence .
I have to think about this some more ...
I 'd love to hear your thoughts about any of this !
[ UPDATE : there 's a lively discussion about how this relates to game development , on Raph Koster 's blog ( an excellent regular read for those interested in game design / dev ) ]
[ FYI -- I 'm still not current with my emails .
I 'm working on it , and I 'm home now for the next six weeks , so I WILL catch up . ]
Posted by Kathy on March 16 , 2006 | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d83451b44369e200d83454e60e69e2
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Ultra - fast release cycles and the new plane :
» Paean to CL :
That 's craigslist to the rest of you from Perspective
Kathy Sierra writes about user communities , especially passionate users , and pointed the way to danah boyd 's lecture , if you had customers under 40 or were working on building communities .
( aside : what 's with 40 as the cut off age , anyway , she [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 17 , 2006 12:37:41 AM
» Two Different Worlds We Live In from BPWrap - A Different Point Of View
Two Different Worlds seems to have a timeless quality as a concept , even though it 's now exactly 50 years since Don Rondo performed the original song .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 17 , 2006 8:26:02 AM
» Getting high on code crack from innertee.com
Found an interesting post by Kathy Sierra at her Creating Passionate Users blog .
The post is regarding myspace and the concept of real - time development cycles used by myspace among others and how those fast dev cycles could become addictive .
I ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 17 , 2006 11:22:06 AM
» Myspace , Agile , and Murdoch 's Internet from People Over Process
Susan August sent over this link about MySpace from Kathy " Creating Passionate Users " Sierra .
I 'm fascinated with MySpace .
While , I do n't like using it -- I find it a tedious and ugly roach motel -- I 'm interested in how other ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 17 , 2006 3:47:14 PM
» Two Views of MySpace from IP Democracy
Anyone interested in the MySpace phenomenon might want to take a look at two recent posts that focus on very different aspects of the online social networking service .
Scott Karp , not one to shy away from controversy , calls MySpace “ ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 18 , 2006 1:56:03 PM
» võti from Tehnokratt !
kas ma tohiks esile tuua veel ühe väga nutika tüdruku kaheldamatult nutika tütre seisukoha , mis juhtumisi jälle myspace teemal : " myspace keeps doing what everybody really wants , and it happens instantly . "
Kathy Sierra : Ultra - fast release cycles and the ne [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 19 , 2006 9:28:48 AM
» Neophiles : Change for changes sake or just indiscriminate users ?
from The Otterman Empire @ work
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 20 , 2006 10:21:05 AM
» If you 're not on MySpace , you do n't exist ... from Hard News , Inc .
Sounds like the kind of bold assertion I might have made , back when the sides of my head were shaved , the top was painted blue and I was filled with the kind of rage that only comes when you are [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 21 , 2006 7:39:48 PM
» MySpace Sucks from firasd.org
One of these days ,
Im going to write about why I think Facebook is a much better implementation of the social networking concept than MySpace .
But until then , heres a transcript of a conversation with Nikkiana from a few minutes ago , rega ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 22 , 2006 11:42:18 AM
» My Space and Our Space from Weblogg -ed - The Read / Write Web in the Classroom
( Note : This post got away from me .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 27 , 2006 11:19:05 AM
» But What Have You Done For Me Lately ?
from 100 % Pure Petroleum Jelliffe
It seems to me like Flickr is stagnating .
What with all this talk about how Web 2.0 companies are constantly evolving , implementing changes in days , instead of months , I have n’t seen anything new out of them in a while .
I ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Apr 18 , 2006 12:40:28 PM
Comments
Bah !
Myspace is banned at my workplace because it's ( according to our net nanny at least ) to do with personals and dating ( crikey , ca n't let the geeks date - they might end up breeding , and then where would we be ?! ) .
Livejournal 's pretty clued on the Web2.0 stuff too .
People moaned about LJ losing entries - now it auto - saves drafts every few seconds .
It uses Ajax for commenting on existing posts , you 've got to - do lists , a calendar archive of past posts , endless customisation limited only by one 's mastery of LJ 's style system , an integrated gallery system to store your pics , and there 's a plugin for iPhoto to upload photos .
Myspace has a reputation deservedly or not of being " for kids " - but at the same time being something of a stalking ground for paedos to hook up with unsuspecting kids ( there was a BBC news article about this a couple of weeks ago ) .
I 'd go with LJ any time - been a member since when it was invite - only .
Posted by : Matt Moran | Mar 16 , 2006 11:39:36 PM
As a younger reader , yet a college graduate , in the workforce , etc. myspace is simply great for keeping up with current friend , catching up with old friends , and sometimes meeting a new one .
nothing more complex than that .
It 's to whatever ends you make it to be .
Much younger people use it as a social hub , people my age use it as a resource to connect and reacquaint , those older analyze it , then beyond that people do n't " get it " and criticize and predict how it will be the end all to any real social interaction .
Meanwhile
Tom is laughing all the way to the bank . ;)
Posted by : russell Perry | Mar 16 , 2006 11:49:31 PM
There is no reason why normal software devs can't do the 2 week thing either .
However your user base generally does n't all download the new release as soon as it's online like you get with a website .
Instead you have a mish mash of current and old versions in your userbase .
Last year I spent 12 months on 1 release , but I averaged a beta build every 2 - 3 weeks for my email client .
I got smart and put the exact release info in the X - Mailer header so that when someone emails in a support request I know which build on what platform .
It 's just interesting that I mixed the 2 , both long cycle stable builds ( 1 per year ) and short cycle beta builds ( 2 per month ) .
People tend to focus on one little thing , and the quicker you respond to that thing the more they like you .
Posted by : Matthew Allen | Mar 16 , 2006 11:52:19 PM
Fast release cycles where things might break are fine for sites & web apps that are not mission critical in nature .
However , if you 're providing a web service that people - or more to the point businesses - truly depend on ... then cautious dilligence must be exercised when it comes to release cycles .
There 's nothing wrong with moving to fast release cycles , but when your app is mission critical to people or a business , your QA better be spot on or you will risk losing customers .
Fun sites like MySpace and Flickr can afford to have temporary issues because users will excuse them .
But if you 're running an online billing system , hosted CRM , online banking or hosted VOIP services - you can't afford to screw things up for your users .
At the end of the day , consistent quality is the key to keeping customers happy - and generating revenue for you
Posted by : Matt Smith | Mar 17 , 2006 1:52:18 AM
I 'm shocked .
I had no idea that MySpace rolled out new features .
I 've learned something today .
Posted by : Michael | Mar 17 , 2006 3:28:40 AM
Just curious about your top ten blogs
Posted by : Murray | Mar 17 , 2006 6:01:58 AM
Another thought provoking post , Kathy , for which thanks .
It resonated with another thought that 's at the top of my head at the moment .
Google in its just released Annual Report has comments about the Mobile Internet world .
It seems to me that there is n't just one inter-connected Internet world .
In fact we have parallel universes .
Here you 're talking about the Myspace Teenage world which seems to have very little overlap with other age groups and the spaces they move in .
Equally you have the Desktop space and the Mobile space .
Again so far very little overlap between them .
We certainly live in exciting times with boundless possibilities .
Posted by : Barry Welford | Mar 17 , 2006 7:32:22 AM
Yay !
I exist .
I 'm on the MySpace .
And I 'm old .
Posted by : Brian | Mar 17 , 2006 8:31:08 AM
I still think it would be interesting to do a real usability test of MySpace users .
I suspect that most people use a small portion of its full set of features , and probably use those the way I use my voice mail at work : by memorizing a series of commands that I do n't actually understand , but which work .
I wonder how much of the " as soon as you think of something , it 's there " really means : " I never noticed that before . "
I also suspect , with all respect to you and your daughter , that she 's overemphasizing the " mom , you just do n't get it " attitude for effect with some of her comments .
She 's gotta remind you that you 're not cool enough to really understand . ;-)
Posted by : Andrew | Mar 17 , 2006 8:41:49 AM
The " code crack " concept is certainly interesting , but I do n't know that I actually believe Skyler .
It 's like , if someone is * asked * why they love myspace , they have to come up with an answer ... and " new features " all the time seems like a legitimate answer ... so they give it .
but the real answer might be " i'm totally in love with this hot guy and i stare at his pictures all the time . "
Posted by : Jim Gilliam | Mar 17 , 2006 8:45:59 AM
One distinction that may or may not exist regards the audience you are targetting .
I think every reader of this blog in some way likes to think about developers passionate about their work making programs that users will be passionate about too .
A big part of this burden lies with the developer , but what about the user ?
You could give me a fantastic application that does something I really do n't care about , and I still wo n't be passionate about it .
Maybe there is some transcendent application that could make anyone passionate about it , but I think there are some limits to this .
So then the difficult lies with the user : what if the user does n't want to be using your program ?
Lots of people do n't like their jobs , and they use software at work .
These people want to just get their work done with a minimal amount of fuss , and it is these people ( among others ) who some developers have to worry about angering with frequent releases .
Sites like MySpace have a user community who wants to be using the application , and is therefore willing to put effort into improving their skills at using it .
But if you 're making software for business , then it is much harder to make any sort of similar claim that all your users really want to be using your program .
If everybody was doing a job they really liked doing , then I think frequent software releases would be more common .
( Ignoring for the moment where in the stack said software fits . )
Posted by : Anthony Cowley | Mar 17 , 2006 8:53:56 AM
I think an extension to the ultra - fast release cycle could include live betas .
Take GMail and Skobee as examples .
GMail is constantly unveiling new features , taking feedback and implementing new ideas .
Skobee just went live last week and is adding new features every day - users leave comments on the forums and before you know it , they 're working on it .
One cool thing about these constant updates , is that it involves the user in the development process , even just a little bit .
It makes me feel like I can direct how the software goes , even if I 'm not the one actively working on it .
I think I only get this feeling because of the _immediate_ feedback .
If I made a request and it gets implemented a few months later , I probably would have forgotten about it already .
Posted by : Skrud | Mar 17 , 2006 9:13:49 AM
I know of " mission critical " web - sites that deploy some portion of the web - site every week ... but what they deploy HAS been tested for more than a week .
Sometimes they have to retract a deployment , and they can do so within a day of discovering problems with the deployment .
Kent Beck 's " Extreme Programming Explained ( second edition ) " lists a practice " Daily Deployment " as one of the " advanced " practices .
It requires extensive automated testing , proper source - code - control , a " one- button " automated release / un - release process for internal testing an external deployment , and mastery of a whole set of agile skills .
Once you 've achieved this mastery , then daily deployment is feasible and not risky .
If you and your team have not achieved mastery of these hard - to - learn agile skills , then it seems impossible and impossibly risky .
Posted by : keith ray | Mar 17 , 2006 9:56:30 AM
Not sure if its kosher or not to post , but we just launched a service for keeping track of myspace profiles :
http://www.myspacewatch.com/
Posted by : Alex | Mar 17 , 2006 10:11:32 AM
It occurs to me that , in environments with slow development cycles , users are much less tolerant of " upgrades " which change , remove , or break beloved technology .
( Or even upgrades which do n't address their top priority request . )
On the other hand , if you experience the environment changing ultra-rapidly , perhaps you internalize it , and become more likely to forgive / tolerate .
( A parallel - I 'm more forgiving of a waiter who 's clearly swamped than one who 's inattentive on a slow night . )
I 'll also suggest that it 's instructive to consider how this could be implemented in services which we think of as " stable " or " mission critical . "
Who would want Clippy popping up every few days to tell you that a minor upgrade has occurred to Office ?
Posted by : Joe | Mar 17 , 2006 10:23:45 AM
Matt : " but at the same time being something of a stalking ground for paedos to hook up with unsuspecting kids "
Hmmm ... I have some first - hand , very ugly experience with what happens when the media thinks it is time to have a " Your teen in danger ?
News at 11 " thing .
I 'll have to tell that story sometime ... yes there are stalkers , but the extent to which this is new / exclusive to myspace , and how problematic it really is , is almost certainly WAY overblown .
But that 's a different issue ...
In many ways , myspace is starting to fill a role previously filled by cell phones .
Most teens today are moving away from voice and more toward text - messaging , and now Skyler ( through Cingular ) gets myspace alerts as messages to her phone .
When I mentioned Skyler 's you - don't - exist comment , she was not surprised at all and said that this is similar to what Japanese teenage ( girls , mostly ) were saying about their cell phones a few years back .
You were essentially invisible .
Matt : " consistent quality is the key to keeping customers happy - and generating revenue for you "
I think this depends entirely on who your customers actually are ... and of course how they define " quality . "
For most of us ( me especially ) quality is about how well things work ( including performance , usability , etc. ) but for these younger users ... " quality " might mean something much more dynamic .
I do n't really know , though .
Barry : Excellent points !
Brian :
Yes , you exist : )
Old ?
This is an interesting point ... in some ways , Skyler has said that -- shock - - even THIRTY year olds have been a part of some of their affinity - oriented groups simply because they 've become part of a particular myspace community .
Locally , here , I 'm thinking of the skateboarding community that Skyler moves in , which on the venn diagram has a high overlap with the urban art groups ( including the art school kids ) .
The age range when they meet up in the real world for either skating or an art slam is from 15 to 35 , most of whom have come together through myspace connections .
Andrew : Skyler would NEVER do something like that to her own mom ; )
Or at least not more than once a day ...
I do factor that in , though , when I have these conversations with her .
But I 've been watching her involvment and social life change dramatically as a result of myspace .
In fact , she claims -- and this I believe having seen the change -- that myspace has in some ways saved her from a very bad " rut " she 'd fallen into .
This is a teen who at one time appeared headed for depression , who is now more happy and " alive " ( her words ) than she 's ever been .
And she really does attribute the shift to the high adoption rate among her peers on myspace ( yes , she even used the word " adoption rate " , but that 's from spending too much time in the company of geeks ) .
Some day I 'll talk more about the adventures she 's had over the last year ...
Jim : I think you 're right about the pressed - for - an - explanation thing .
But I want to think more about what she * actually * said , because it was n't about " features " , exactly , but more about the dynamic nature .
She could n't even name a single feature that stood out as something she had been wanting -- it was more about some new evolution of the system and community .
I 'm not sure how to describe it , but it was less about " they add new features we ask for " and more about -- " the thing keeps evolving and changing all the time . "
In other words , it was almost as though " change for the sake of change " has some value with that group , assuming the specific changes are valuable to at least some portion of the community .
Anthony : good points , I have to agree .
Skrud : Yes !!!
Posted by : Kathy Sierra | Mar 17 , 2006 11:23:08 AM
This topic has lit a spark in my mind ; will have to see where it goes ...
One thing that jumps out at me though is the " code crack " crack ; I think it 's about " newness " and " power " .
I know that even back in Paul 's ( of biblical fame ) day , people had an addiction to new things .
Acts 17:21 " All the athenians and the foreigners who lived there spent their time doing nothing but talking about and listening to the latest ideas . "
Also , by changing things frequently , you 're feeding into those passionate users ' natural tendencies ; and passion , as you know , is addictive and contagious .
Some other things that might tie in , but I 'm to tired to think about this morning : possible relationships between early adopters and patience / ADHD , and expectation management verses tolerance for brokenness .
As even Danah mentions , good luck controlling the burn in such environments .
Posted by : greenup | Mar 17 , 2006 4:08:42 PM
You ask ..
" I wonder if quick release cycles become almost addictive to the end users . "
We are in our genes novelty seekers , hard - wried to notice and enjoy little changes .
Like google 's little goofies .
The big changes are what scare us away .
Changes can be too small , too .
Boring .
You know what you should read ?
I have two books you will love , well , I think you would based on what I read here .
1. The Mating Mind by G Miller
2. The Mind of the Raven , Bernd Henrich .
We can't fly like ravens and we do n't have their taste for carrion , but like ravens , we sure do like novelty .
Blog on , party people .
We enjoy reading what you write .
Posted by : n&s | Mar 17 , 2006 4:52:28 PM
Kids have been getting hooked on this stuff for the last two decades .
I started 22 years ago BBSing when I was 8 y/o , my brother started when he was 4 y/ o .
Before Myspace it was Friendster , vbulletin , etc .
Hopefully the Myspace people will advance to Wordpress w/ something like http://gravatar.com/ to implement " friends " lists .
Posted by : Myspace Pro | Mar 18 , 2006 10:55:21 AM
n&s says : " We are in our genes novelty seekers , hard - wried to notice and enjoy little changes . "
Yes , but I think we also need to challenge the extent to which this can also be an addiction - people are addicted to rapid change as a way of avoiding slowing down and facing a difficult reality .
Looking for the next change can be like looking for the next fix .
Technology , including games , can have a role feeding this addictive process .
I 'm not sure what the solution is , I just think we have to watch out for it .
Posted by : Sean FitzGerald | Mar 18 , 2006 12:17:21 PM
Funny , only days before I read this I 'd gone to check someone out on LinkedIn and thought " If you 're not on Linked In you do n't exist . "
Shows what " space " I 'm in !
Posted by : Susie Wyshak | Mar 20 , 2006 10:43:26 AM
1 ) I deleted my myspace because its closed nature and ugliness irrate me .
Call me a codger , but I 'm not stressing the loss - i still exist .
2 ) The concept of " addiction to fast release cycles " is EXACTLY how I feel about Consumating .
I know they 're constantly adding bits , and I love it .
Posted by : thedaniel | Mar 21 , 2006 2:46:54 PM
You know what 'd be cool ?
If myspace had a way of blocking you from seeing pages with horrificly bad design .
Of course , clicking in between the two remaining pages might loose its appeal quickly , but at least it could no longer be the kind of site that people who know the first thing about web design cringe at .
Oh well .
Give 'em what they want .
Posted by : anon | Mar 22 , 2006 1:56:04 PM
I 'm a love journal user and I must admit that it has n't changes a lot to my needs from the time I began to use it .
Posted by : Helen , software developer | Apr 4 , 2006 8:01:28 AM
I 've been a user of MySpace for about 2 years .
I disagree that MySpace is popular because of them rolling out features quickly .
MySpace is popular because of its community .
If formed a very large community early on , and it 's grown tremendously .
Technology - wise , MySpace is an abomination .
They are constantly having server problems , it 's impossible to even login to it during peak hours .
It 's like Friendster during the early days when they could n't handle the load .
They still have n't fixed bugs I 've complained about for the last 6 months .
Every week there is some message from Tom about some bug you should ignore because they know about it .
Yes , they add new features , but not particularly often and nothing that I want .
They 've mostly made things worse .
Some things they have slowly fixed once they realized what a huge mistake their design decisions were ( like allowing any HTML / CSS / Javascript in profiles and comments ) .
I use MySpace for the same reason I used to use AIM , because everyone I know is on it .
No other reason .
Posted by : n | Apr 10 , 2006 9:54:39 AM
The comments to this entry are closed .
