Hillary Clinton , the US secretary of state , personally intervened to suppress evidence of CIA collusion in the torture of a British resident , the high court heard today .
The dramatic turn emerged as lawyers for Binyam Mohamed , the UK resident abused in Pakistan , Afghanistan , Morocco and Guantánamo Bay , joined by lawyers for the Guardian and other media groups , asked the court to order the disclosure of CIA material .
It consists of a seven - paragraph summary of what the CIA knew , and what it told MI5 and MI6 , about the treatment of Mohamed .
Lord Justice Thomas and Mr Justice Lloyd Jones , the judges hearing the case , have said that the summary contains nothing that could possibly be described as " highly sensitive classified US intelligence " .
However , David Miliband , the foreign secretary , has repeatedly told the court that the US would stop sharing intelligence with the UK if the CIA material was published .
The judges , as well as lawyers for Mohamed and the media , have challenged that assertion .
" Is it remotely credible that [ the Obama administration ] would stop intelligence - sharing ? "
Thomas asked yesterday , referring to Obama 's recent decision to publish CIA torture documents in the US .
" The judgment of the foreign secretary is the key , " he added .
The court has heard how the Foreign Office and Miliband have solicited US help in keeping the CIA material secret .
Today , it heard how Miliband met Clinton in Washington on 12 May this year .
In a written statement proposing a gagging order , Miliband told the court that she " indicated " that the disclosure of CIA evidence " would affect intelligence sharing " .
Pressed repeatedly by the judges on the claim yesterday , Karen Steyn , Miliband 's counsel , insisted that Clinton was indeed saying that if the seven - paragraph summary of CIA material was disclosed , the US would " reassess " its intelligence relationship with the UK , a move that " would put lives at risk " .
Guy Vassall - Adams , for the Guardian and other media groups , told the court earlier that Miliband 's claims – including his account of his conversation with Clinton – " lack any credibility " .
He questioned the foreign secretary 's claim that whatever the actual contents of the CIA material it was the principle that mattered .
Miliband has insisted that any intelligence provided to the UK from a foreign government must always remain secret .
" The ultimate decision as to where the balance of the public interest lies is a matter for the courts and not for the executive – and any [ foreign ] country providing intelligence to the UK which understood otherwise would be labouring under a fundamental misapprehension , " Vassall - Adams said .
Thomas intervened , saying that the absolute control over intelligence material the UK and US governments were claiming was not based on any legal principle but was " the exercise of naked political power " .
A letter recently sent by the CIA to the high court " merely demonstrated that the CIA would like the court to withhold from the public … findings about CIA wrongdoing " , he added .
The CIA letter was couched in vague language and Miliband 's interpretation of the US claims was completely unreasonable , lawyers for Mohamed and the media said .
The court was also provided with a 35 - page MI5 document – of which all but three are blacked out – relating to its instructions to one of its officers in 2002 .
Nevertheless , the document shows that the officer , known in the case as Witness B , was sent a list of detailed questions to ask Mohamed , including about his acquaintances in London .
Mohamed had been arrested in Karachi trying to return to Britain on an false passport .
Officer B , whose conduct is being investigated by Scotland Yard , questioned Mohamed while he was being held incommunicado in a Pakistani jail .
It is unclear why so many pages in the MI5 document have been redacted , but the information contained in them may relate to Mohamed 's condition and how he should be interrogated .
One unredacted passage refers to Mohamed as " The Dirty Bomber " a reference to claims about him which were dropped years later after he was secretly flown to Guantánamo Bay .
The high court judges , who have described the case as " troublesome " , reserved their ruling on whether the CIA material should be published .
Trilby Slattern of the Swail
Join Date : Jul 2004 Posts : 15,654
That 's probably what I 'll see right before I die .
__________________
In Barrie 's play and novel , the roles of fairies are brief : they are allies to the Lost Boys , the source of fairy dust and ... They are portrayed as dangerous , whimsical and extremely clever but quite hedonistic .
" Shall I give you a kiss ? "
Peter asked and , jerking an acorn button off his coat , solemnly presented it to her .
 James Barrie
Wimminfolk they be tricksy .
- ZenGum
Mount Sanqingshan National Park , a 22,950 ha property located in the west of the Huyaiyu mountain range in the northeast of Jiangxi Province ( in the east of central China ) has been inscribed for its exceptional scenic quality , marked by the concentration of fantastically shaped pillars and peaks : 48 granite peaks and 89 granite pillars , many of which resemble human or animal silhouettes .
The natural beauty of the 1,817 metre high Mount Huaiyu is further enhanced by the juxtaposition of granite features with the vegetation and particular meteorological conditions which make for an ever - changing and arresting landscape with bright halos on clouds and white rainbows .
The area is subject to a combination of subtropical monsoonal and maritime influences and forms an island of temperate forest above the surrounding subtropical landscape .
It also features forests and numerous waterfalls , some of them 60 metres in height , lakes and springs .
Sanqingshan is a relatively small National Park near the city of Shangrao in the Jiangxi province of China .
What it lacks in size it makes up for in shear natural beauty .
It is officially the 7th World Heritage Site designated in China and has been noted for its exceptional scenic attraction .
The key mystique of this remarkable place is the combination of extraordinary granite geology in the form of weird outcrops and pillars combined with seasonal climate variations than often cause mists , fogs and striking sunsets .
Those that have visited this place describe a feeling of overwhelming peace and tranquility .
This effect is enhanced by the profusion of natural waterfalls , pools and springs .
If you allow yourself , it is truly possible to see Earth , Water , Wind and Fire joined in time .
In 2008 , Sanqing Mountain was listed to be the world heritage together with Fujian Tulou buildings .
It is a world - famous cultural and natural mountain in China .
Sanqing Mountain is the cultivation center of Taoists of different generations .
Sicne Ge Yun and Ge Hong of Jin Dynasty came here , Sanqing Mountain gradually turned to be the center of Taoism believers or masters .
The first man who fabricated the temple or monastery on the mountain was Wang Jian who was the leading official of Xinzhou in Tang Dynasty .
At that time , Wang Jian was ordered by Emperor to manage the local people ; after his retreat , he built the reclusive residence in the mountain until his death .
In Song dynasty , Wang Ling , the descendant of Wang Jian donated a lot to build more temples , and then Sanqing Mountain became the center and the blessed land of Taoism .
During Ming Dynasty , Wang Gu , the offspring of Wang Lin reestablished the Sanqing Palace .
In total , there are more than 300 buildings have been built such as the pavilions , temples , stone carvings , gates , bridges and so on .
The whole mountain is full of the Taoist buildings .
It could be equated with other famous Taoist mountains such as Qingcheng Mountain , Wudang Mountain and Longhu Mountain and so on .
Hence , Sanqing Mountain is honored to be the Open- air Taoist Museum .
Sanqing Mountain has rich tourist resources .
Generally it could be divided into five scenic zones and in 1988 , it was approved the be the national - class scenic zone in the second batch of tourist attractions application list .
The natural landscape of Sanqing Mountain is also very attractive .
Its peaks are very steep and grand .
It is totally different from other mountains in southern China .
The plant species are also rich here .
The weather conditions are also changing all the time .
In Sanqing Mountain , the strange peaks are too many , the original waterfalls and the deep valleys and the floating clouds and so on give the comers the natural and cozy feeling .
In the mountain there are 2373 kinds of plants , among them 68 are the rare ones and there are also 1728 wild animals .
Mr. Paul , the president of Amercian National Park Fund highly spoke of this mountain that commented it as one of the perfect mountains in the world and the treasure of human beings .
Update , 22 March 2010 : President Barack Obama last night forced his healthcare reform bill through Congress , passing it by a narrow 219 votes to 212 .
Video : US healthcare debate
It will take more than just money
The growth in US spending on healthcare has been driven by spiralling costs in some regions of the country .
These maps show how spending by Medicare , the federal government scheme that provides health coverage for senior citizens , increased between 1992 ( this map ) and 2006 ( next map ) ( Source : Dartmouth Atlas of Health Care )
This map shows spending by Medicare in 2006 , as compared to …
This is not going to be a popular stance among my hockey - writing brethren , but the fact is , I completely understand where Mike Richards is coming from in his on - again - off - again relationship with the local media .
You 'll be hearing all about this tomorrow , but tonight Richards had a bit of a blow up with the local writers following a 5 - 3 loss to the Washington Capitals in D.C.
The crux of the disagreement was surrounding some quotes by Richards in the Jan. 25 edition of the Hockey News in which he is quoted as saying the Philadelphia Media makes things up when times are bad .
The exchange grew heated , so much so that at one point , coach Peter Laviolette had to get between Richards and one reporter ( not yours truly ) to prevent things from really going awry .
Before I express my opinion on the subject , I 'm going to provide a transcription of the interview for all to read so you can begin to formulate your own opinions on the subject .
( NOTE : Two questions concerning the game were asked prior to these questions and have been omitted from this transcription for lack of relevance to the topic ) .
INQUIRER : A story was published this weekend where you say the Philadelphia media makes stuff up .
Can you address that ?
RICHARDS : The articles to begin with at the beginning of the year .
Things like that .
INQUIRER : Such as ?
RICHARDS :
The drinking articles and things like that .
INQUIRER : The drinking articles ?
RICHARDS : The articles … that ’s why I did n’t talk to you for a month .
INQUIRER : I did an article that said that you drank ?
RICHARDS : Yes .INQUIRER : I have no idea what you are talking about .
Elaborate please ?
RICHARDS :
Are you allowed to write something in the paper at any time that I say we did n’t … INQUIRER : ( interrupting ) I did n’t .
RICHARDS : You did n’t write an article at the beginning of the year ?
INQUIRER : That said you were drinking ?
RICHARDS :
That we ’re out too much and that you asked Lupes ( Joffrey Lupul , now with Anaheim ) all the questions and everything ?
Anthony ?
Were n’t there articles ?
DELCO TIMES :
There were articles about those events but nothing naming you specifically .
RICHARDS : They said the players were drinking too much .
Richards and Carter were out all the time .
INQUIRER : He ( Lupul ) said that ?
RICHARDS : Is n’t that what the article said ?
INQUIRER : No .
I think that you ’re making that up .
RICHARDS : Oh , O.K.INQUIRER : You ’re making it up .
RICHARDS : O.K.CSNPHILLY .COM :
The follow up to that is , do you think there ’s a problem between us and you ?
RICHARDS : Um .. Probably not .
I have n’t even read the ( Hockey News ) article .
I do n’t know if I was misquoted or what was said .
So , I ca n’t elaborate on that .
DELCO TIMES : I guess the question that might clear this up is , is this something that was brought up to you by the ( Hockey News ) writer , or was this something you brought back up again yourself ?
RICHARDS : No .
I ’m not sure in this instance because it was a month - and - a - half ago .
But , in the texting it was like , ‘ What ’s it like playing in Philadelphia ? ’
I said , ‘ The media ’s tough sometimes when we ’re losing , it ’s good what we ’re winning . ’
I ca n’t say exactly what I said but …INQUIRER : ( interrupting )
You did say in the next sentence that ‘ they make stuff up .
’RICHARDS : Oh , O.K.COURIER POST OF NJ :
Do you think you ’re treated unfairly by us this season ?
RICHARDS : No ...
Thanks guys .
It was a pleasure , as usual .
Following this exchange Richards approached some writers privately to talk further .
He was definitely upset .
Soon , one of the writers started jawing with him and the two were face - to - face for a second before coach Peter Laviolette stepped between the two and separated them before it escalated any further .
Here 's the thing .
Is Richards a little too sensitive ?
Yes .
Does he have to stop worrying so much about what is written about him ?
Yes .
Does he need to embrace his captaincy a bit more and use it as a soap box of sorts .
Yes .
Yet , I feel for the guy .
I really do .
Here 's the thing .
Put yourself in his shoes .
He 's a 24 - year - old single guy .
He 's also a handsomely - paid professional athlete .
Now ask yourself , if you were him , would n't you be enjoying the good life a little bit too ?
I know I sure would .
Also , imagine you were a professional athlete .
Imagine if every day people were writing things about you .
Would n't you at least be interested in their opinions ?
Would n't you kind of use that as a guideline for the way you carry yourself in front of them ?
I know I would .
In the same magazine piece , Chris Pronger says this about being a young leader and dealing with the media : " There 's always a learning curve , but it 's not always the way you think it 's going to be an it 's definitely not always going to be the easy way , " he said .
" The media turned on me pretty quick and I think that 's why I had the reputation I had for the first seven , eight , nine years as not media - friendly .
They were n't overly nice to me , so I thought , ' I 'm not going to help them do their job if they 're not nice to me .
'" Learning that lesson comes with the learning curve and maturity .
You 're going to have situations where things do n't always go well and you have to learn how to deal with the bad times just as you have to learn to deal with the good .
" Mike is still a very young player and nobody 's going to be perfect all the time .
He 's a pretty quiet guy who wants to lead by example and let his play be his voice , let his play be the tool that gets guys to buy in to what we 're trying to do here .
As a young leader with a lot of young players around , sometimes that 's difficult .
" Guys are going to make mistakes , whether it 's maturity issues , or game experiences .
There are all sorts of things you encounter as a 24 - year - old and you 're going to look back years later and say ' Ahhh ' - much like I did .
I had to go through the exact same experiences as a young captain with a lot of pressure like Mike .
I can tell all these guys what 's going to happen until I 'm blue in the face , but they 've got to go live it and make their own mistakes .
They may heed some advice and not make some of the glaring mistakes I made , but they still have to live their lives and learn from their experiences .
" That 's a mouthful .
But he 's right .
Richards has some things to learn , and to be fair to Richards , there has been obvious growth .
He still has room to grow , but again , it 'll take time .
Where I side with him is that maybe we came on a bit too thick as writers today .
Maybe we made too much of this story in the Hockey News , which , in my opinion , went way overboard in it 's description of the stories we all wrote about the Flyers young core of players ( there were references to condom machines and Quagmire from the Family Guy ) .
But , criticism of the approach of the Hockey News story , which was certainly a few months too late on the subject , the post game story became a story only because we put ourselves into the story .
We could have spoken to Mike specifically about the game and let well enough alone .
Or , we could have broached the subject a little differently , without ambushing him as we did .
Some of the questions , to me , also seemed to be an attempt to goad Richards .
That 's not fair .
So , to see Richards lose his cool afterward , I can't say it was n't completely justified .
Does there need to be better understanding between captain and media ?
Yes .
But , was Richards a bit uptight and not answering with the right words , forcing the questioners to poke and prod him on the semantics of his answers without letting him express it properly ?
I think so too .
Hopefully there can be some resolution here , but at the same time , if Richards decides to not talk to us for awhile again , I can't say I do n't understand .
Philip Pullman said children had never been in danger from visiting authors Several high - profile authors are to stop visiting schools in protest at new laws requiring them to be vetted to work with youngsters .
Philip Pullman , author of fantasy trilogy His Dark Materials , said the idea was " ludicrous and insulting " .
Former children 's laureates Anne Fine and Michael Morpurgo have hit out at the scheme which costs £ 64 per person .
Officials say the checks have been misunderstood and authors will only need them if they go to schools often .
The Home Office says the change , being introduced from October , will help protect children .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The measure was drafted in response to recommendations made by the inquiry into the murders of Holly Wells and Jessica Chapman in 2002 , by college caretaker Ian Huntley .
Anyone who has " regular " or " intense " contact with children or vulnerable adults will by law have to sign up to the Vetting and Barring Scheme from November 2010 .
" Regular " is defined as more than once a month and " intense " as three times a month or more , the Home Office says .
The authors , including fantasy writer Mr Pullman , say they have worked in schools for years without ever being left alone with children .
Mr Pullman told BBC Radio 4's Today programme : " It 's actually rather dispiriting and sinister .
" Why should I pay £ 64 to a government agency to give me a little certificate to say I 'm not a paedophile .
" Children are abused in the home , not in classes of 30 or groups of 200 in the assembly hall with teachers looking on . "
Anthony Horowitz - author of the popular Alex Rider series - wrote in a comment article for the Independent : " In essence , I 'm being asked to pay £ 64 to prove that I am not a paedophile .
" After 30 years writing books , visiting schools , hospitals , prisons , spreading an enthusiasm for culture and literacy , I find this incredibly insulting . "
He added that the database " poisons the special relationship that exists between children and authors they admire " .
Only authors who plan to go into schools regularly - once a month or more - will have to be registered .
And the government has said the fees will be paid for authors , provided they are not being paid to visit schools .
Vetting and Barring Scheme
In October , the scheme to vet everyone who wants to work or volunteer with children or " vulnerable people " will begin - becoming compulsory in November 2010 The Independent Safeguarding Authority will carry out the checks on behalf of the Home Office
It covers England , Wales and Northern Ireland
It will incorporate CRB and replace List 99 and other checks
Once passed , an individual will not need separate checks for each place they work or volunteer in The checks will be necessary for anyone who has " regular " ( once a month ) or intense ( three times a month ) contact with children or vulnerable adults
The changes were brought in to try to close loopholes in the system after the murders of schoolgirls Jessica Chapman and Holly Wells by school caretaker Ian Huntley in 2002
Anyone who is barred will go on a separate register and could face up to five years in prison if they try to get work in a job covered by the regulations .
Anne Fine , author of more than 50 books including the Killer Cat series , told the Independent the rules would leave children " further impoverished " and that she would only visit foreign schools in future .
" The whole idea of vetting any adult who visits many schools , but each only for a day , and then always in the presence of other adults , is deeply offensive , " she added .
Michael Morpurgo , author of modern classics such as Private Peaceful , told BBC News he would not go into schools unless the rules were changed .
" This sours the relationship between ourselves and the schools and the children .
This is one step too far . "
But new children 's laureate Anthony Browne has said writers should not be exempt .
" I feel that as writers we should n't necessarily be granted an exemption , " he told The Guardian .
" If all people who work with children have to be vetted by the police then we should n't be an exception . "
But government officials have suggested many authors will not need checks to visit schools .
A spokesman for the Department for Children , Schools and Families said : " These checks have been misunderstood .
Authors will not have to register with the Vetting and Barring Scheme if they work with children once or infrequently .
" In fact , people working in schools will only be required to register if they work with children on a regular basis .
" This is because visitors to schools , even if they are supervised by a teacher at all times , are being placed in a unique position of trust where they can easily become deeply liked and trusted by pupils .
" We therefore need to be sure that this trust is well placed in case pupils bump into them out of school where a teacher is not present .
" While we fully accept that the vast majority of workers or volunteers would never abuse their position of trust , parents would not want adults working regularly with young children , even on a voluntary basis , without any sort of background check at all . "
A Home Office spokesman said : " The UK already has one of the most advanced systems in the world for carrying out checks on all those who work in positions of trust with children and vulnerable adults .
" From October this year the new Vetting and Barring Scheme will ensure these regulations are even more rigorous . "
The Home Office says various new regulations will have meant that more than five million more jobs and voluntary posts - including most NHS positions - will be subject to checks .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Going green , Peachy — By Roberta on July 9 , 2009 at 6:58 am
The Mannahatta Project is turning back the pages of time .
Have you ever wondered what Manhattan Island looked like before the Dutch arrived in 1609 ?
Hint : it was green– covered with forests , streams , wildlife and with a topography completely unrelated to today ’s skyscrapers and concrete canyons .
After nearly a decade of research , Eric W. Sanderson and his colleagues at the Wildlife Conservation Society , have created a veritable virtual time machine which you can try out online via their amazing map .
With a click of the mouse , you can see any address in Manhattan as it was in 1609 which is great fun for anyone who has lived in , or ever visited New York , NY .
But more than that , it gives anyone who is interested in the environment an idea of how profoundly man has changed and shaped nature in just a few hundred years on one 26 mile long island in the middle of the Hudson River .
The island that the Lenape Indians called “ Mannahatta ” or “ island of many hills ” once contained more than 500 hills , 60 miles of streams and more than 300 springs .
There were sandy beaches , oak - pine forests , and more than 1000 species of plants and animals .
The goal of the Mannahatta project has never been to decry the loss of a pristine natural habitat– but rather to look at how bio - diversity has been replaced by social and cultural diversity .
The project makes no judgments .
It simply chronicles the changes resulting from New York City , and that is what makes it so fascinating .
You can read all about it online here .
If you are going to be in New York , the Mannahatta project is the subject of a wonderful new exhibit that opened last week and The Museum of the City of New York .
It will be on view till October 12th .
Try to get to it if you can .
If you want to read more , be sure to check out Manhatta : A Natural History of New York City .
AS employment headlines go from grim to grimmer , it ’s appropriate that one job category with expanding demand involves helping people avoid reality .
Designers of computer simulations are sought in many fields to help understand complex , multifaceted phenomena that are too expensive or perilous to study in real life .
Simulations are used to gauge the impact that new rivals in the market may have on a company ’s sales  or to help a manufacturer devise the cheapest , fastest means of delivering products .
To reduce costs measured in lives , not dollars , simulations examine responses in security threat situations , for instance , or how various factors affect aircraft or rocket - engine performance .
“ The fundamental nature of modeling and simulation is to represent something that ’s in the world out there in a way that you can manipulate and think about without risk and at low cost , ” said Bill Waite , chairman of the AEgis Technologies Group , a Huntsville , Ala. , company that creates simulations for various military and civilian applications .
Vivek Kundra got off to a rocky start as Barack Obama ’s appointee for the position of Chief Information Officer in the new administration .
First , his offices got raided in a bribery sting involving an underling , and a few days later I reported on Kundra ’s conviction for shoplifting shirts from a Penney ’s twelve years earlier .
Those storms receded , however , and Kundra returned to work after a short hiatus and a series of embarrassed explanations from the White House .
Since then , Kundra has not caused any sort of public controversy .
Today , though , Kundra ’s name has arisen again , with questions about his honesty regarding his resume .
John Dvorak , who writes columns for Dow Jones and PC Magazine , tried verifying Kundra ’s education background , which included an advanced degree from the University of Maryland and employment there as an instructor .
Dvorak says records do n’t substantiate those claims .
The White House vehemently denies it , however , and another source says Dvorak got it wrong :
This is the sort of question you might ask after trying to actually verify his supposed MS in Information Technology from the University of Maryland , College Park campus .
The registrar has no record of it .
In fact the current University of Maryland grad department does n’t even show this degree as being commonly available to anyone .
A search of his college records shows no attendance after he received his BS degree in Psychology on 12/20/98 .
In fact his last day of school 12/19/98 wrapped up the six years it took Kundra to obtain his undergraduate degree . …
Most revealing is a bio of Kundra that was redacted from the Washington , DC municipal site .
Luckily it was archived by the web sweeper Archive.org .
In that bio Kundra added even more icing to his University of Maryland career saying he “ served as an adjunct faculty member at the University of Maryland , teaching classes on emerging and disruptive technologies . ”
Calls to the University said there was no such teacher at the school .
It ’s now difficult to find this attribution as it may have drawn too much attention to the actual facts .
He pulled it . …
The most ridiculous is his assertion that he was formerly a CEO of Creostar .
While records for this company are hard to come by a small Dun & Bradstreet service did turn up the following information : there was indeed a Creostar in Arlington , VA .
It was founded in 2004 with the contact being Vivek Kundra .
The last record for the company ( online ) showed sales of $ 67,000 with one employee – apparently Kundra , the CEO .
Normally , that would sound pretty far - fetched , but given the confusion over Kundra ’s conviction , it sounded plausible .
After reading Dvorak ’s article , I contacted the White House for comment .
Kenneth Baer , spokesman for the OMB , quickly responded with this statement :
This is a total fabrication and gross distortion of Vivek Kundra ’s record .
Vivek received his Master ’s degree from the University of Maryland - University College , worked in the private sector , and had a distinguished career as a public servant before joining the Obama Administration .
I also asked whether Kundra had taught at UM , and Baer replied , “ Yes. Univ. of MD – UNIVERSITY COLLEGE . ”
He also included this link to Nextgov.com ’s Gautham Nagesh , who followed up on Dvorak ’s article :
Dvorak alleges that federal chief information officer Vivek Kundra has been lying about his academic record , specifically that Kundra did not receive a Master ’s in Information Technology from University of Maryland as he claims .
Dvorak bases this allegation on a search of the UMD registrar ’s database , which confirms Kundra was a student until 1998 but does n’t mention any graduate program .
He goes on to say , “ In fact the current University of Maryland grad department does n’t even show this degree as being commonly available to anyone . ”
That ’s somewhat correct , since the University of Maryland , College Park does not offer any such degree .
However , after a few phone calls I was able to verify that Kundra did receive a Master ’s degree in Information Systems Management from the University of Maryland University College in 2001 .
That seems to conform with his official bio , where it states he “ holds a MS in Information Technology from the University of Maryland . ”
GigaOm confirms this :
Chip Cassano , a University of Maryland University College spokesman , confirmed that Kundra graduated from the school with a Masters of Science in Information Systems Management .
There are several other issues — you are better off reading the entire article .
…
Dvorak is just flat - out wrong — or at least that was the gist of the conversation I just had with Kundra .
He called back and said that it was clear that “ someone was spinning partial truths . ”
He welcomed anyone to check with University of Maryland ’s University College and said they will find that not only did he graduate from the University College , but also that he was adjunct faculty member .
He was an undergraduate at the University of Maryland ’s College Park location .
That confusion is reflected on Kundra ’s Wikipedia bio .
As noted above , we checked with the UMUC and they told us that Kundra did indeed graduate in 2001 with an MS in information Systems Management .
When I asked Kundra about his startup , Creostar , he said he never claimed it to be a billion - dollar company .
He started it before getting a gig with the Commonwealth of Virginia .
It appears that the issue arose from a confusion between UMCP and UMUC .
Whatever else Kundra appears to have done , he apparently told the truth about his education and his employment .
How petty can one man be ?
Just ask Sean Hannity … Barack Obama and Joe Biden visited an Arlington , VA burger joint .
Innocent , right ?
Apparently , Sean Hannity thinks that requesting spicy , or Dijon mustard makes you elitist , stating , “ I hope you enjoyed that fancy burger , Mr. President . ”
To make matters worse , Hannity includes a Grey Poupon commercial and Obama ’s picture has a caption that reads , “ President Poupon . ”
Not only did Obama not request Grey Poupon , it ’s apparently quite normal for people in Chicago to not order ketchup .
Sean Hannity , that was just pathetic .
Original Story
Share this article
President Obama Tells Laid Off General Motors Workers
They are Sacrificing for the Future
The following statement is what the president had to say to all of those General Motors employees who will be laid off under his restructuring plan :
I will not pretend the hard times are over .
Difficult days lie ahead .
More jobs will be lost .
More plants will close .
More dealerships will shut their doors , and so will many parts suppliers .
But I want you to know that what you ’re doing is making a sacrifice for the next generation — a sacrifice you may not have chose to make , but a sacrifice you were nevertheless called to make so that your children and all of our children can grow up in an America that still makes things ; that still builds cars ; that still strives for a better future .
The president claims that soon to be laid off General Motors employees are making a sacrifice for the future but that is not entirely accurate .
One particular part of his statement sums it up , “ a sacrifice you may not have chose to make , but a sacrifice you were nevertheless called to make . ”
Who called upon them to make this sacrifice ?
The president did .
The president oversaw the restructuring of GM , he ordered the dealerships closed .
He ordered the plants to close , and he ordered the parts dealers to close .
He decided that it was time for thousands of General Motors employees to sacrifice their jobs .
Whose future is the president asking these people to sacrifice for ?
It certainly is n’t for the families of those who will be laid off and trying to find a way to feed their families .
The president is trying to distance himself from what he has done by claiming that he is a “ reluctant equity partner ” and will not interfere in the day to day operations but the bottom line is , if you work for GM and the dealership that you work for has been ordered to close you can thank the president for that .
He has made you a sacrificial lamb .
Estimates of the number of U.S. deaths caused annually by the absence of universal health insurance go as high as 20,000 .
One study concluded that in the age group 55 to 64 alone , more than 13,000 extra deaths a year may be attributed to the lack of insurance coverage .
But the estimates vary because Americans without health insurance are more likely , for example , to smoke than Americans with health insurance , and sorting out the role that the lack of insurance plays is difficult .
Richard Kronick , a professor at the School of Medicine at the University of California , San Diego , cautiously concludes from his own study that there is little evidence to suggest that extending health insurance to all Americans would have a large effect on the number of deaths in the United States .
That does n’t mean that it would n’t ; we simply do n’t know if it would .
In any case , it is n’t only uninsured Americans who ca n’t afford treatment .
President Obama has spoken about his mother , who died from ovarian cancer in 1995 .
The president said that in the last weeks of her life , his mother “ was spending too much time worrying about whether her health insurance would cover her bills ” — an experience , the president went on to say , that his mother shared with millions of other Americans .
It is also an experience more common in the United States than in other developed countries .
A recent Commonwealth Fund study led by Cathy Schoen and Robin Osborn surveyed adults with chronic illness in Australia , Canada , France , Germany , the Netherlands , New Zealand , the United Kingdom and the United States .
Far more Americans reported forgoing health care because of cost .
More than half ( 54 percent ) reported not filling a prescription , not visiting a doctor when sick or not getting recommended care .
In comparison , in the United Kingdom the figure was 13 percent , and in the Netherlands , only 7 percent .
Even among Americans with insurance , 43 percent reported that cost was a problem that had limited the treatment they received .
According to a 2007 study led by David Himmelstein , more than 60 percent of all bankruptcies are related to illness , with many of these specifically caused by medical bills , even among those who have health insurance .
In Canada the incidence of bankruptcy related to illness is much lower .
When a Washington Post journalist asked Daniel Zemel , a Washington rabbi , what he thought about federal agencies putting a dollar value on human life , the rabbi cited a Jewish teaching explaining that if you put one human life on one side of a scale , and you put the rest of the world on the other side , the scale is balanced equally .
Perhaps that is how those who resist health care rationing think .
But we already put a dollar value on human life .
If the Department of Transportation , for example , followed rabbinical teachings it would exhaust its entire budget on road safety .
Fortunately the department sets a limit on how much it is willing to pay to save one human life .
In 2008 that limit was $ 5.8 million .
Other government agencies do the same .
Last year the Consumer Product Safety Commission considered a proposal to make mattresses less likely to catch fire .
Information from the industry suggested that the new standard would cost $ 343 million to implement , but the Consumer Product Safety Commission calculated that it would save 270 lives a year — and since it valued a human life at around $ 5 million , that made the new standard a good value .
If we are going to have consumer - safety regulation at all , we need some idea of how much safety is worth buying .
Like health care bureaucrats , consumer - safety bureaucrats sometimes decide that saving a human life is not worth the expense .
Twenty years ago , the National Research Council , an arm of the National Academy of Sciences , examined a proposal for installing seat belts in all school buses .
It estimated that doing so would save , on average , one life per year , at a cost of $ 40 million .
After that , support for the proposal faded away .
So why is it that those who accept that we put a price on life when it comes to consumer safety refuse to accept it when it comes to health care ?
Of course , it ’s one thing to accept that there ’s a limit to how much we should spend to save a human life , and another to set that limit .
The dollar value that bureaucrats place on a generic human life is intended to reflect social values , as revealed in our behavior .
It is the answer to the question “ How much are you willing to pay to save your life ? ” — except that , of course , if you asked that question of people who were facing death , they would be prepared to pay almost anything to save their lives .
So instead , economists note how much people are prepared to pay to reduce the risk that they will die .
How much will people pay for air bags in a car , for instance ?
Once you know how much they will pay for a specified reduction in risk , you multiply the amount that people are willing to pay by how much the risk has been reduced , and then you know , or so the theory goes , what value people place on their lives .
Suppose that there is a 1 in 100,000 chance that an air bag in my car will save my life , and that I would pay $ 50 — but no more than that — for an air bag .
Then it looks as if I value my life at $ 50 x 100,000 , or $ 5 million .
The theory sounds good , but in practice it has problems .
We are not good at taking account of differences between very small risks , so if we are asked how much we would pay to reduce a risk of dying from 1 in 1,000,000 to 1 in 10,000,000 , we may give the same answer as we would if asked how much we would pay to reduce the risk from 1 in 500,000 to 1 in 10,000,000 .
Hence multiplying what we would pay to reduce the risk of death by the reduction in risk lends an apparent mathematical precision to the outcome of the calculation — the supposed value of a human life — that our intuitive responses to the questions cannot support .
Nevertheless this approach to setting a value on a human life is at least closer to what we really believe — and to what we should believe — than dramatic pronouncements about the infinite value of every human life , or the suggestion that we cannot distinguish between the value of a single human life and the value of a million human lives , or even of the rest of the world .
Though such feel - good claims may have some symbolic value in particular circumstances , to take them seriously and apply them — for instance , by leaving it to chance whether we save one life or a billion — would be deeply unethical .
Governments implicitly place a dollar value on a human life when they decide how much is to be spent on health care programs and how much on other public goods that are not directed toward saving lives .
The task of health care bureaucrats is then to get the best value for the resources they have been allocated .
It is the familiar comparative exercise of getting the most bang for your buck .
Sometimes that can be relatively easy to decide .
If two drugs offer the same benefits and have similar risks of side effects , but one is much more expensive than the other , only the cheaper one should be provided by the public health care program .
That the benefits and the risks of side effects are similar is a scientific matter for experts to decide after calling for submissions and examining them .
That is the bread - and - butter work of units like NICE .
But the benefits may vary in ways that defy straightforward comparison .
We need a common unit for measuring the goods achieved by health care .
Since we are talking about comparing different goods , the choice of unit is not merely a scientific or economic question but an ethical one .
Image
As a first take , we might say that the good achieved by health care is the number of lives saved .
But that is too crude .
The death of a teenager is a greater tragedy than the death of an 85 - year - old , and this should be reflected in our priorities .
We can accommodate that difference by calculating the number of life - years saved , rather than simply the number of lives saved .
If a teenager can be expected to live another 70 years , saving her life counts as a gain of 70 life - years , whereas if a person of 85 can be expected to live another 5 years , then saving the 85 - year - old will count as a gain of only 5 life - years .
That suggests that saving one teenager is equivalent to saving 14 85 - year - olds .
These are , of course , generic teenagers and generic 85 - year - olds .
It ’s easy to say , “ What if the teenager is a violent criminal and the 85 - year - old is still working productively ? ”
But just as emergency rooms should leave criminal justice to the courts and treat assailants and victims alike , so decisions about the allocation of health care resources should be kept separate from judgments about the moral character or social value of individuals .
Sept. 11 , 2007  --
Most everyone agrees , America 's health - care system is a mess .
Millions of Americans lack health insurance and still our annual health - care costs exceed $ 2 trillion — that 's about the size of the entire economy of China .
For the country with the world 's " best " medical care , a lot of people seem unhappy .
Many hate the insurance industry .
Employers have seen insurance premiums rise 87 percent over the last seven years .
General Motors now spends more on its employees ' health insurance than on steel .
Doctors are fed up , too ; the average physician 's office spends 14 percent of its income filling out paperwork .
No one seems angrier than the patients who have been denied care .
Vicki Readling of North Carolina was diagnosed with breast cancer after she had quit her job and lost her employer 's insurance .
Readling purchased temporary insurance for herself , but when it expired she was told that because of her pre-existing condition — cancer — she would now have to pay $ 27,000 a year for a new policy .
With an income of $ 60,000 and twin sons in college , she could n't afford it .
Insurance industry spokeswoman Karen Ignani is eager to report that most people are n't like Readling .
Polls show that while people dislike the insurance industry in general , 87 percent of people with health insurance are happy with their coverage .
Only 3 percent of health insurance claims are denied , she says .
In his hit documentary " Sicko , " Michael Moore focuses on tragic stories of people whose insurance claims have been denied .
His prognosis ?
He calls for " the elimination of private profit - making health insurance companies " and suggests turning over all health - care spending to the government to provide " free " health care to everyone .
He goes to countries like Canada and Britain and implies that their socialized systems are far better than that of the United States .
' What It Costs When It's Free '
There are many problems with health insurance , but that does n't mean we should put the government in control .
If it 's decided that health care should be paid for with tax dollars , then it's up to the government to decide how that money should be spent .
There 's only so much money to go around , so the inevitable result is rationing .
It 's just the law of supply and demand .
Lowering prices increases demand .
Lowering the price to nothing pushes demand through the roof .
Author P.J. O'Rourke said it best : " If you think health care is expensive now , wait until you see what it costs when it 's free . "
When health care is free , governments deal with all that increased demand by limiting what 's available .
The reality of " free " health care is that people wait .
In the United Kingdom , one in eight patients waits more than a year for hospital treatment and the British government recently set its goal to keep wait times to less than 18 weeks — that 's more than four months !
In Canada , almost a million citizens are waiting for necessary surgery and more than a million Canadians can't find a regular doctor .
In the small town of Norwood , Ontario , a weekly drawing is held in which a townsperson wins the right to access the town 's one family doctor .
Governments ratchet down health - care costs in different ways .
Doctors went on strike last year in Germany because their government 's system pays them less than they thought they deserved and forces them to work thousands of hours of unpaid overtime .
In the United Kingdom , one hospital was inspired to save money money by not changing sheets daily .
British papers report that instead of washing the linens , nurses were told to just turn the bedsheets over .
Government is less the answer to our health - care crisis than the problem .
It was our government that helped to create the absurd system in which two out of three Americans get health insurance through their employer .
In a country where four in 10 Americans change their job every year , this system makes little sense ; it leaves people like Readling without coverage when they need it most .
The government also makes insurance expensive by mandating the medical services that policies must cover .
Required services vary state by state and include massage therapy , pastoral counseling , acupuncture , hair prosthesis and dentures .
Such mandates are a reason why an individual policy in New Jersey costs around $ 4,000 a year while a policy in Iowa costs only a third of that .
Yet insurance regulations make it illegal for someone in New Jersey to buy a policy from out of state .
The Way We Pay
Another problem that raises costs , and keeps individuals from controlling their own health care , is the way we pay for medical care .
Out of every dollar that the United States spends on health care , only 12 cents comes out of the pocket of patients , according to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services .
Most of us have our medical expenses covered by a third party , either an insurance company or the government .
When we pay for health care with someone else 's money , it creates nasty incentives .
It 's good to be covered in case of a medical catastrophe , like a heart attack or cancer , but when patients pay for almost everything from physicals to acupuncture using third - party money , they have no reason to care about cost .
Because the buyers do n't care about cost , neither do the health - care providers .
" It 's gotten to the point where doctors do n't even know how much it costs them to provide this service or that service or how much an office visit should cost .
Try asking a doctor how much an office visit costs and watch their face go blank , " said Michael Cannon , director of health policy at the Cato Institute .
Our health - care system has become totally removed from the competitive market forces that have improved every other area of the economy .
If patients cared about cost , health - care providers would compete to attract patients .
They 'd do innovative things to keep costs low while increasing quality .
Harvard Business School professor Regina Herzlinger , author of " Who Killed Health Care ? " , reminds people that " when Henry Ford came around , cars cost more than houses . "
By competing for profit , Ford revolutionized the auto industry .
In eight years , he cut the price of cars in half while improving quality immensely .
In nearly every sector of the economy , prices drop over time as technology improves .
Not so in health care .
Customer Service , Competition , Control
Can you e-mail or call your doctor to ask quick questions ?
In the 21st century , when even small children regularly use computers , many doctors and hospitals do n't .
" Why would they ? " said Dr. David Gratzer , author of " The Cure . "
E-mail and telephone consultations are n't things most doctors can get paid for .
Dr. John Goodman of the National Center for Policy Analysis , said , " The federal government has a list of 7,500 procedures it will pay for — the telephone 's not on the list [ and ] neither is e-mail . "
But when patients are in control of their health - care spending , things get better .
Lasik surgery is n't covered by most insurance policies , so patients pay for this high - tech procedure out of their own pocket .
It 's for this reason that laser surgeon Brian Bonanni gives out his cell phone number and e-mail address to all of his patients .
He knows that he has to attract patients by making himself available .
Competition has also made Lasik cheaper :
While in nearly every other field of medicine , prices have gone up faster than consumer prices in general , the price of Lasik has fallen by as much as 30 percent .
The quality of the surgery has also improved .
The difference is that people care about prices when they spend their own money , so providers compete to offer services that are faster , better and cheaper .
John Mackey , CEO of the supermarket chain Whole Foods , saw his insurance premiums rise through the roof so he changed the way his employees got health care .
He proposed a health insurance plan with a high deductible .
To help meet that deductible , the company puts money into a " personal wellness account " for each employee and employees use that money to pay for routine care .
The money in the account belongs to the employees and puts them more in control of their health - care spending .
Employees pay for the small stuff , like sore throats and sprained ankles , but their health insurance covers them in case of a catastrophe .
Accounts like these are typically called HSAs , or Health Savings Accounts .
Mackey saw Whole Foods ' health - care costs drop by 13 percent the first year the plan was in place .
Some employees objected .
They wanted the old " full - coverage " plan back .
One wanted " pet bereavement services " covered .
Whole Foods then held a vote and " 77 percent of team members voted for the health plan that we have today , " said Mackey .
Today he says most of his employees love the plan because it allows them to spend the money how they want to spend it .
' You and Me '
Whole Foods ' health - care costs have been creeping back up lately .
Mackey says it 's because there are so few people with health plans like his .
Only 4.5 million people in America have Health Savings Accounts , according to a 2007 census conducted by America 's Health Insurance Plans .
That 's a tiny fraction of the insurance market , but consumer - directed health plans are a step in the right direction toward placing individuals — not government or insurance companies — in charge of their health - care dollars .
The more people control the money they spend on their own health care , the more people shop around and the more providers compete to attract patients by lowering prices while improving quality .
It 's putting individuals in control that could turn our health - care sector into the vibrant , competitive marketplace that we see in nearly every other area of our economy .
After all , it 's our body and our health .
Should n't we be in control of how our health - care dollars are spent ?
Harvard 's Herzlinger said , " Who should decide whether you live or die ?
Do you want the government to decide ?
Do you want a health insurer to decide ?
Who 's gonna make that decision ?
Is it gonna be a government ?
Is it gonna be an insurer ?
Or is it gonna be you and me ? "
Putting individuals in control of our health — rather than our employers or the government — is a better way to cure what ails America 's health system .
Amint azt korábban A modoros strandoló 1 . részben nagyon találó módon nosferato felvázoltaM , strandolás közben megjegyezhetetlen mértékű tapasztalat szerezhető , ami jegyzetfüzet nélkül nem is adható át az utókornak .
Strandolásban ismerszik meg a legjobb barát .
A modoros Divatdiktátor strandoló , a Szállító , az Óvatos , a Gasztro - túrista , az Anyafarkas után íme még néhány családtag .
Természetesen magamat is több alkalommal módomban állt közte elrejteni .
Szárazhaj úszás
A legkülönbözőbb zuhanysapkákban érkező öregnénik , akik a generációs szakadék első ásónyomát ássák ki .
Csak mellben úsznak , a fejüket a világért sem tennék be , sőt , hátközépig kint vannak .
Így 20 - 30 év távlatában talán azért , mert már nem zsírosodik a hajuk , és a fodrásznál vett frizura két hétig tart , nem a másnap reggeli zselézésig .
A szárazhaj úszás velejárója , hogy közben megvetően kell nézni minden ugráló kisgyerekre , hiszen az ÚSZÓmedence úszásra való .
A részeg ember és a gyerek persze nem hazudik , és kifigyeli a modoroskodást , irgalmatlan bombaugrásba + fröcskölős gyorsúszásba kezd , amíg vissza nem vonul a szárazhajú sportpályafutásától .
A Detox " Renegenárdó "
Aki csak regenerálódni ( pontosabban szerinte renegerálódni , renegenárdolni ) jár a termálfürd őbe , illetve ott generálódik re .
Kollégákkal előző este rendesen felöntenek a garatra , majd 4 és fél órát alszanak a 37 fokos vízben , amiben 15 percet ajánlott eltölteni .
Az itt szerzett élmények hatására szokik a fürdőbe , masszíroztat , hungarocellen sakkozik , és bár mindig itt van , más fürdők szolgáltatásait hangosan többre értékeli , hogy mindenki tudja , ő nem divatfürdőző , neki ez életforma .
Az öltöz őszekrényes embernek rendesen jattol , hogy törzsvendégnek érezze magát .
Előbb hónapokig próbál olyan szituációt teremteni , amelyben elkérheti a szekrényes keresztnevét , akit , ha mondjuk Tihamér , akkor másnaptól Tihikémnek , ha Jenő , akkor Jenőkémnek szólít .
Jattoláskor , hogy ne legyen kellemetlen a szitu , tapintatosan odamondja , hogy tessék Jenőkém , igyál meg valamit .
Bár még soha nem adott olyannak borravalót , aki tényleg alkoholista lenne , vagy nála többet inna , ő azért ebből indul ki .
A Laci
A szükségesnél 30 - 50 kilóval több húst vállaló , átlagosan 70 centis bicóval rendelkező Lacik csapatostul gyülekeznek .
A teljesen alárendelhető , jellemtelen , buta és kihasználható , csúnya fejű de irgalmatlanul jó testű barátnőkkel körbeveszik magukat .
A húszéves hármas bömös és a vadonás új X5 között sokszor nem érzik a skálát , de bármelyikkel érkezhettek , jobb nem firtatni , hogy nekik az APEH - tól van rá a kölcsön , legalábbis erre költöttek ahelyett .
Aki veszélyesen él , fekhet melléjük , de akkor házirend van .
Nagyon fáradt sztorikat színeznek ki és mesélnek egymásnak ordenáré hangosan , közben izmoznak .
A leger ősebb röhög először , ha neki tetszik ( fogalma nincs , miről van szó , akkor sem , ha ő meséli ) , akkor röhöghet a teljes küldöttgyűlés .
A csajok viszonylag gyengék , ezért ők mindenen röhögnek , aztán utólag moderálják , ha mégse kellett volna .
Az erő velük van .
Azerbajdzsán aranytartaléka is , a Titanic vasmacskaláncának 1:1 arányú másának formájába öntve , nehogy az ellenség kiszagolja .
Mivel igen nagy darabok ( ha még egy ideig esznek , valószínűleg már nőni fognak ) , az egységnyi térfogat ( izovolumen ) elve alapján cserébe alacsonyak .
Ugye aki vak , az jobban hall , aki nem hall , jobban lát , akinek meg az egyik lába rövidebb , annak a másik hosszabb .
Akinek meg mindkét lába rövidebb , az egy dekáddal a divathullám után is képes buffalo cipőben strandra menni , persze bekötés nélkül .
A Gizda
A vékony , izom felszedésére születésétől fogva alkalmatlan idióta tinédzser az egyik bátor , aki hajlandó a házirend betartása mellett a gyúrósok mellé települni .
Többnek akar látszani , ugyanannyi időt szán tetszelgésre , mint amennyit a vízben tölt .
Ettől ő is nagyobbnak látszik .
Állva szerepel a haverjainak , idióta vigyorgás közepette a hasizmát fogja , ami nincs neki , viszont legalább látszik .
A gyúrósok előbb - utóbb felkarolják .
Stíröli a bulákat .
Ha megy valami zene , akkor , mivel nincs zsebe , kénytelen a karjával valamit csinálni .
Esti diszkófigurákat mutat be , a leveg őbe mutogat , táncikál .
A víz , a gyúrósok és a korban passzoló , egyedül érkező jó csajok közötti terület súlypontján próbál elhelyezkedni .
A türcsit eleve nem barnulásra , hanem pinanézésre optimalizálva teszi le , ami egyúttal a barnulásra is jó , hiszen a csajok úgy tették le .
A jólneveltebbje elvből nem néz csaj után , viszont napszemüveg tükréből , sapka alól , szatyor fonatain keresztül ordas módon igen , és hogy ne kelljen a mellette elhaladó segget visszafordulással megnéznie , már eleve távozási ( departure ) irányba fordul , mintha eleve arra nézne , míg be nem sétál a célszmély a keres őbe .
Talán a legnagyobb strandolási rutinnal rendelkező fajta , az idő vasfoga azonban lassan embert farag belőle , Óvatosat , Szállítót , Divatdiktátort , vagy mást .
Az ősapa
Na ő nem azért ősapa , mert arra teremtetett , hogy szülőapa legyen , hanem mert ha általános iskolai padtársának annak idején nincs egy kibaszott idegesítő hangú tulok húga , aki egy igazi cula , akkor a hajánál fogva húzott volna a barlangjába egy feleséget , akkora suttyó .
Megérkezés után egy órával már három sörnél tart , amit az asszony persze akkurátusan számol .
Ahányszor megemlíti , hogy hánynál tartanak , és többet már nem kéne meginnod ( holnap vezetned kell ) , a válasz :
- Mé? Nyaralunk , nem ?
Végül elájul az árnyékban .
Az ő családja felveszi az egyforma háromnegyedes fehér lenvászon nadrágot és utolsó este piroZSpozsgásan kigyalogolnak a móló végéig .
Jó kedvében megkérdezi a culát romantikusan , hogy " kell virág ? " , és ha culának kell , akkor vesz .
Egyszer élünk .
A gyerek megkapja a búvárszemüveget , de csak jövőre tudja kipróbálni ( addigra amúgy elveszti ) , hiszen másnap indulás előtt már nem strandolnak .
Erre apukának viszonylag korrekt magyarázata van :
- Bepállik a törölköző .
Különben is korán kell indulni , mert nem akarok az autópályán az összes hülyével , a legnagyobb dugóban hazamenni .
-
Ezt mások füle hallatára mondja csak , mert úgyis a régi hetesen megy , mert : - Nem fogok két négynapos matricáért fizetni , ha csak kétszer egy napig használom .
A Boldog család
A boldog család a legegészségesebb látvány , mások észre se veszik őket , csak egymást figyelik ki ( meg mindenki mást ) .
Ők saját kempingszékükkel érkeznek , eldiskurálgatnak az ugyanolyan mintájú kempingszékűekről , kielemezgetik , mennyire modorosak a strandvendégek , majd hosszas násztánc után választanak egy konkurens boldog családot , akikkel boldogsági rituáléba kezdenek .
Tengerpart esetén " spontán " homokvár építési verseny indul , előbb várárok , aztán 2 - 4 - 8 torony , végül víz - és elektromosság , kábeltévé bevezetés , függőhíd , élőlények betelepítése , kagylóburkolás , a lényeg a győzelem .
Amikor már hulla fáradtak , a türelmesebbik odabiccent , hogy " ti is boldog család vagytok , mi ? " ( szerintem van valami titkos jelük is ) , és jól összehaverkodnak .
Végül kisebb ünnepség és megmaradt szalámis szendvicsek / sörök kicserélése közben összeépítik a két homokvárat és békét kötnek .
Távozásukkor az ősapa felesége odaszalad a kompakt AGFA fényképezővel és 2 - 3 könnyen kitalálható indok valamelyikéből kifolyólag megörökíti az építményt .
A Halember
Általában 5 - 13 év közötti gyerek , de nem muszáj kinőni .
Azon kívül , hogy az Elfogadnám ! és Hápeee ' , peee - peee !
kifejezéseken kívül ez alatt a 8 év alatt legtöbbször kimondott kifejezése az Apa nézd és az Anya nézd MÁR , valóban számos trükköt meg tud csinálni .
A fulladásos halált megkörnyékezve 2 percnél tovább bírja egy levegővel , amivel a mellette állókat kicsit , a távolabb állókat egyre jobban , míg a parton állókat a végletekig fosatja .
Másik jellemzője a mindenáron pillangózni tudás , melyet derékig érő vízben még be tud mutatni , láblenemérősben már nem .
Ha szárazföldre vetődik , és a Green Peace vissza nem tuszkolja , a parton megfigyelhető , ahogy a segge szép lassan megeszi az úszósortját .
A parton ugyan nem mozog olyan otthonosan , de részt vesz a pinyózásban , fociban , tengóban .
Az Alfa gyerek
Az ősapa gyereke .
Amíg a Halember szerencsétlenkedik a labdával , ő kiéli tehetségét .
Ő ordítja először , hogy Beállás ! , Újahús ! és Királyafta ! , illetve azoknál a számolós játékoknál , ahol nem ő szerzi az első pontot , bemondja , hogy ez még csak pötyögés volt , MOST kezdjük a számolást .
Ja nem , MOST !
Illetve MOST !
Társasjátékokban csal , szüleinek hazudik .
5 éves koráig a gyerMekmedencében és homokozóban tolja , hogy korelnök lehessen .
A bébicsúszdán lecsúszás után azonnal megfordul és a csúszdán ( nem a létrán ) felgyalogol , hogy a tetején ülő 2 - 3 éves gyerek nehogy le tudjon csúszni .
Igazi kis féreg gyerek .
Miután anyukája 9 szögből lefotózta a homokvárat , amit nem ő épített , a kis pulya hazafelé menet még visszaszalad és csillogó szemekkel úgy rúgja szét az egészet a picsába , ahogy van .
It 's a condiment controversy : the French claim to have invented mayonnaise , but the Spanish make the same claim .
Who is right , exactly ?
According to Spaniards , their version of the story goes like this : Mayonnaise , or in Spanish mayonesa , was supposedly invented in Mahon , a city on the island of Menorca , during the French occupation of Mahon in the 1750s .
A French chef made an elaborate victory feast that included an egg and cream sauce that would become known as mayonnaise .
Ultimately , it was a French chef on Spanish soil -- you could say it was a joint effort !
Nowadays , homemade mayonnaise is widely unheard of in most modern kitchens .
Who has the time ?
And what about food poisoning from raw eggs ?
These hesitations do n't seem to exist in Spain .
When making ensaladilla rusa ( Spanish potato salad ) , huevos rellenos ( deviled eggs ) and various other Spanish tapas that call for mayonnaise , Spanish cooks will quickly whip up their own mayonnaise at home .
It only takes 5 to 10 minutes and lends an authentic taste to any dish that store - bought mayonnaise simply can’t compete with .
Note :
The use of pasteurized eggs is strongly recommended .
The pasteurization process destroys bacteria that may be present ( like salmonella ) by heating the eggs for a period of time to destroy the bacteria without cooking them .
You must still refrigerate the mayonnaise and any dish you make with it to prevent contamination .
For some 35 years the United States federal government has been well aware that cannabis possesses potent anti-cancer and anti-tumor properties .
And for the past three years , government - funded researchers have speculated that these qualities may offer “ protective ” effects against the onset of various types of cancer in humans , including lung cancer .
Yet to date , virtually no investigators have taken the time to assess marijuana ’s potential anti-cancer effects in humans — until now .
In a clinical abstract just published online on the Cancer Prevention Research website , a team of U.S. investigators report that marijuana use , even long - term , is associated with a “ significantly reduced risk ” of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma .
A Population - Based Case - Control Study of Marijuana Use and Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma
via nih.gov
Cannabinoids , constituents of marijuana smoke , have been recognized to have potential anti-tumor properties .
However , the epidemiologic evidence addressing the relationship between marijuana use and the induction of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma ( HNSCC ) is inconsistent and conflicting .
Cases ( n = 434 ) were patients with incident HNSCC disease from nine medical facilities in the Greater Boston , MA area between December 1999 and December 2003 .
Controls ( n = 547 ) were frequency matched to cases on age ( +/- 3 years ) , gender , and town of residence , randomly selected from Massachusetts town books .
… After adjusting for potential confounders ( including smoking and alcohol drinking ) , 10 to 20 years of marijuana use was associated with a significantly reduced risk of HNSCC [ odds ratio ( OR ) ( 10 - < 20 years versus never users ) , 0.38 ; 95 % confidence interval ( CI ) , 0.22-0.67 ] .
Among marijuana users moderate weekly use was associated with reduced risk ( OR ( 0.5 - < 1.5 times versus < 0.5 time ) , 0.52 ; 95 % CI , 0.32-0.85 ) .
The magnitude of reduced risk was more pronounced for those who started use at an older age ( OR ( 15 - < 20 years versus never users ) , 0.53 ; 95 % CI , 0.30 - 0.95 ; OR ( >/=20 years versus never users ) , 0.39 ; 95 % CI , 0.17-0.90 ; P( trend ) < 0.001 ) .
Our study suggests that moderate marijuana use is associated with reduced risk of HNSCC .
I ’ve said this before but it bears repeating .
What possible advancements in the treatment of cancer could have been achieved over the past 35 years had U.S. government officials , or for that matter members of the mainstream media , chosen to advance — rather than to suppress — clinical research into the anti-cancer effects of cannabis ?
It ’s a shame we have to speculate ; it ’s even more tragic that tens of thousands of families must needlessly suffer while we do .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
After interviewing a college student in June , Tory Johnson thought she had found the qualified and enthusiastic intern she craved for her small recruiting firm .
Then she received the candidate 's thank - you note , laced with words like " hiya " and " thanx , " along with three exclamation points and a smiley - face emoticon .
" That email just ruined it for me , " says Ms. Johnson , president of New York - based Women For Hire Inc .
" This looks like a text message . "
Hiring managers like Ms. Johnson say an increasing number of job hunters are just too casual when it comes to communicating about career opportunities in cyberspace and on mobile devices .
Thank yous on paper are n't necessary , but some applicants are writing emails that contain shorthand language and decorative symbols , while others are sending hasty and poorly thought - out messages to and from mobile devices .
Job hunters are also using social - networking sites like Facebook and MySpace to try to befriend less - than - willing interviewers .
These incidents typically involve college students and recent graduates , and recruiters say such faux pas can be instant candidacy killers because they hint at immaturity and questionable judgment .
The trend may reflect a cultural divide between younger and older workers , says David Holtzman , author of " Privacy Lost : How Technology Is Endangering Your Privacy . "
" It 's driven by the communication technology that each generation has grown up with , " he adds .
Workers in their 20s and younger are accustomed to online and cellphone messaging , and the abbreviated lingua franca that makes for quick exchanges , he says .
" It 's just natural for them .
They do n't realize that it 's perceived to be disrespectful . "
Travis Hawk , a May graduate of Drake University , says he prefers sending text messages to making phone calls and almost fell victim to his text - lingo behavior in emails to recruiters during his recent job search .
" I had to focus on not doing it , " says the 23 - year - old , who just got an entry - level sales position at Principal Financial Services Group .
Now an intern at the Des Moines , Iowa , firm , he says his penchant for using abbreviations such as " r " for " are " is sometimes hard to manage .
" Occasionally , on accident , I throw one in an email at work , " he admits .
Other job hunters , however , do n't see any need for restraint .
Consider , for example , that smiley faces , hearts and other icons appear in about one of every 10 thank - you emails sent to hiring managers at KPMG LLP , says Blane Ruschak , the New York accounting firm 's national director of university relations and recruiting .
But KPMG 's staffing specialists , who hire about 2,700 college graduates and 2,300 interns annually , are n't amused .
" We do n't feel emoticons have a place in any formal communications , " says Mr. Ruschak .
" It 's not professional . "
And seeing them makes KPMG 's hiring managers wonder whether that sort of unprofessional communication will follow the applicant to the workplace .
Graduates who commit the offense may lose out on a job if " there are other candidates similar to them that did n't , " he adds .
On - the - Fly Mentality
Some job hunters are earning the rebuke of recruiters by taking thank yous to another extreme -- by sending them hastily from their mobile phones .
The move suggests an on - the - fly mentality , as if the applicants have n't taken time to think about why they want the job or why they are saying thanks , says Wendi Friedman Tush , president of Lexicomm Group , a boutique communications firm in New York .
" It always says ' From my Blackberry , ' " she says .
Candidates " should sit down at their computer in a thoughtful way and do it , not while they 're on their way somewhere , " she says .
Executive recruiter Hal Reiter recently received such a thank you from a chief financial officer candidate sent by BlackBerry just minutes after the interview .
" You do n't even have time to digest the meeting and you 're getting a thank - you note , " says Mr. Reiter , chairman and chief executive of Herbert Mines Associates , a New York - based search firm .
This year , hiring manager Cathy Chin received a thank you on her cellphone from a candidate for an entry - level job at ReThink Rewards Inc. , a marketing firm based in Toronto .
While she says her cell number is on her business card , which she gave to the candidate , all prior correspondence had been through her office phone and email .
" It 's infringing a bit on your personal space , " she says , adding that the candidate was n't hired partly for this reason .
Interviewer as ' Friend '
And a candidate for an assistant account - executive job recently sent a " friend " invite to Ms. Friedman Tush on her personal Facebook page following an interview .
Her company does n't have a page on the social - networking site .
" I 'm not his friend .
I 'm not even his employer .
I was somebody who interviewed him , " she says .
" They are called social - networking sites for a reason . "
Job hunters may be more inclined to use their cellphones and text lingo when thanking interviewers because the medium is gaining acceptance in a growing number of workplaces .
" I definitely text my managers if I am running late , " says Jennifer Nedeau , 23 , a project manager at New Media Strategies Inc. , a marketing firm in Arlington , Va .
" I know I 'm not bothering them with a phone call , but they 're still getting the message . "
Are there ever exceptions to sending a thank you through a mobile phone or social - networking site ?
Perhaps if someone is applying to a company that sells or relies heavily on the technology , say hiring managers .
But Ms. Johnson points out that it may be less effective than email since recruiters can't forward these types of messages to colleagues as easily .
The younger set sees the world of interview and workplace language evolving .
Chris Brubaker , a junior at Iowa State University , predicts that " textspeak " will soon become accepted in the workplace .
" Text messages are much more short and to the point , " says the 20 - year - old .
" General communication is becoming more electronic . "
Indeed , employers themselves are blurring the lines to some extent by using mobile and Web technology for recruiting , including posting job ads on social - networking sites like MySpace .
Ms. Chin's firm has a Facebook page that lists information about job openings and its work environment .
For this reason , Ms. Chin says she does n't mind getting thank - you messages through the site 's email system .
The effort can even help a candidate stand out .
" It puts a face to the name because it shows your profile picture , " she explains .
Still , Ms. Chin says there 's no excuse for using shorthand in messages to recruiters .
" A thank - you note -- even if it's on Facebook or email -- should be written like a proper letter , " she says .
" If I 'm going to give you a job , do I really want you communicating to our clients in this fashion ?
No . "
Write to Sarah E. Needleman at sarah.needleman@wsj.com
J.K. Huysmans immediately sent his alter ego Durtal off on a new voyage , discovering the moral discipline , the miraculous conquest of natural laws and the aesthetic domination of time and space in monasteries and cathedrals .
J.K. now undertook a " white book " you could call " Up There " , mirroring the " black book " that was " Down There " .
It was Berthe Courrière again who sent him " en route " to abbé Arthur Mugnier , his future spiritual guide and friend .
But it was the ex-priest Joseph - Antoine Boullan , whom he visited in Lyon in July 1891 , who encouraged him to make a pilgrimage to Our Lady of La Salette .
In the monastery of the Grande Chartreuse where he slept in a monk 's cell , J.K. asked himself if a monastery might not be the best possible refuge .
His sexual desire however continued unabated , and because his mistress Anna Meunier was gravely ill , he went to all sorts of houses of prostitution and explored some of the poorer sections of Paris , on which he wrote pieces as " La Bièvre " .
Eventually , Huysmans had his mistress interned in a home for the insane , where he visited her faithfully each week .
Anna Meunier died in 1895 .
His white book , " Là- haut ou Notre - Dame de la Salette " , with an account of his pilgrimage to La Salette and an apocalyptic vision called " Melanie 's Secret " , remained in manuscript form .
It also recounted his conversations on faith and the beginnings of his conversion .
As Huysmans had become Durtal to investigate Satanism in " Là- bas " , now Durtal - converted into Christianity - became Huysmans .
After all , belief in the devil and the Good Lord are both expressions of the supernatural .
On his deathbed , Huysmans ordered the manuscript to be burned , but a secretary spared it from the flames .
It was published in 1965 .
On 12 July 1892 Huysmans entered in the Trappist monastery at Igny .
Here , where the monks lived under a vow of silence , Huysmans made his confession and communed .
After leaving the monastery , Huysmans returned to Lyon for a last visit of Boullan who died in 1893 .
Huysmans was convinced the death of Boullan was the result of a Rosicrucian spell cast upon him in the War of the Magicians .
Boullan 's priestess Julie Thibault came to serve Huysmans as a housekeeper ; she kept performing her strange rituals in his apartment now in the rue de Sèvres .
On 3 September 1893 , and not for his writing but for his 27 years devoted service at the Ministery of the Interior , Huysmans was dubbed Chevalier de la Légion d'Honneur .
The writer was working now on plot - and actionless " novel " , in which Durtal enters upon the Christian life .
As he had fictionalized his life in " Down There " , with " En route " - which was in fact " Up There " - he realized the fiction .
Both the author and his character were converted .
The work was a popular succes , but the clergy was not pleased , casting doubts on Huysmans ' conversion .
The colourful language of the author , describing Charles Gounod 's church music as " musical onanism " , also did little to endear " En route " to them .
Structured around Chartres cathedral , Huysmans began a second religious novel .
While studying the cathedral - Durtal even took up residence in Chartres - Huysmans spent much time in the edifice .
The final version contained lengthy passages derived directley from his " Up There " manuscript .
" The Cathedral " , published in 1898 , became Huysmans ' greatest succes , maybe also because of the continued debates in the press over the sincerity of his conversion .
Huysmans was undoubtedly fighting to lead a Christian life , but the demon of lust made it exceptionally difficult for him to succeed .
His primary temptation now was the Spanish countess de Galoez , who was fascinated by the occult and came to rescue him from the monks .
His attempts to flee the annoyances of Parisian society gave him the gradiose idea to search for a monastery where Christian writers and artists could take refuge and live in community .
Eventually , and now he was retired from his job at the minisitry , Huysmans made a personal religious retreat to the Benedictine house of Ligugé .
He published " L'Oblat " , a novel describing the life of a Catholic religious community with somewhat flexible rules , and he himself became an oblate at Ligugé .
Huysmans had a Notre - Dame House built on the monastery grounds , where he was not joined by fellow writers , but by a middle - class couple - M. and Mme Léon Leclaire - with whom he had been friends since 1896 .
Huysmans turned to hagiography , relating the life of " St. Lydwine of Schiedam " , born in 1380 in Huysmans ' ancestral homeland .
Lydwine was not canonically a saint , she was only " blessed " .
She made a vow of perpetual virginity and pursued by suitors , she resisted temptation and prayed to be ugly .
Lydwine was granted some hideous diseases and afflictions , but she also would have performed miracles .
Huysmans apparently believed that saintly persons as Lydwine suffered to redeem others ... and he too was beginning to know severe physical suffering now .
Adding to the discomforts of his chronic rheumatism and dyspepsia , in the spring of 1900 he began to have dental problems .
He had some teeth extracted , but to no avail : the pain grew worse .
It was the beginning of the cancer of the jaw from which he would die seven years later .
In 1901 the French laws on the separation of church and state took effect and Ligugé was reverted to the state .
The monks were forced to leave and a desolate Huysmans returned alone to the unpleasantness of apartment life in Paris .
In 1903 he presided at the first official banquet of the Académie Goncourt and then he was off to visit the Leclaires , who lived in Lourdes now .
Huysmans was fascinated by the grotto of " miracles " , but he was appalled by the circuslike atmosphere of the sanctuary too .
After further tooth extractions , he took a museum trip to Colmar ( the Grünewald paintings ! ) , Basel , Freiburg , Cologne , Brussels and Antwerp - but by the summer of 1905 his neck was swollen and the tumor had closed one of his eyes .
An operation improved his sight , but did nothing to ease the pain .
Huysmans still was smoking the cigarettes he smoked all his life , in brothels and in monasteries .
His cancerous jaw made eating difficult and painful and he was now often confined to bed .
Treatments with the new X - ray technology did n't stop the tumor 's atrocious progress .
Working with a secretary , Huysmans finished in 1906 " Crowds of Lourdes " , where he had observed no cures , but had seen great faith .
In January 1907 he was named Officier de la Légion d'Honneur for his literary work , while an operation on his neck prolonged his agony .
The most of his remaining teeth were extracted ; his excruciating death had begun .
Huysmans ordered destruction of his unpublished manuscripts and composed the invitations to his own funeral .
He died on 12 May 1907 , at the age of 59 , and was entombed in Montparnasse Cemetery , near Anna Meunier 's grave .
The healthiest , greenest and most scenic mode of transportation has to be riding your bicycle .
There are plenty of reasons why moving abroad might inspire you to change how you get around ; it would n’t be a bad idea to consider ditching your car behind !
Thus , going somewhere with a good infrastructure and culture for bicycling is an important consideration .
Here ’s our list of the 10 most bicycle - friendly nations outside the U.S. :
10 . India
Bikes continue to be an important and necessary means of transportation throughout India .
They also allow the rider to see and feel the essence of Indian tradition from up close .
Almost every part of the country offers great tracks , and it ’s even better if you enjoy more adventurous cycling .
9. Norway
Europe is a great place to be a bicyclist , and Norway is first on our list within the continent .
Sure , it can be cold - going for parts of the year , but Norwegian cities have fantastic cycling infrastructure .
Especially check out Sandnes and Trondheim .
8. Colombia
Colombia has been leading the way among Latin American countries in its urban bicycling infrastructure– particularly apparent in Bogotá .
There are even regular Ciclovía events there , where main throughways are closed to cars .
7. Germany
Berlin has been experiencing a bicycling boom for a while now , and it ’s definitely one of the premiere cities in the world for cycling .
But the rest of the country is easy to navigate on two wheels too .
6. Australia
All of Australia ’s major cities are easy to get around with a bike , but Perth in Western Australia may be their bicycling crown jewel .
With more than 700 km of bike routes , this is the place to pedal Down Under .
5. Denmark
In Copenhagen alone , it ’s estimated that about a third of the workforce commutes via bicycle .
You ’ll have more trouble getting around here with your car anyway , and it ’s really the only genuine way to get a feel for this beautiful city .
4. France
Home to the Tour de France , and to Vélib ’– the world ’s largest public bicycle rental program , France ’s bicycling credentials are widely recognized .
Do n’t leave your bike in Paris though , saddle up and take plenty of rides through the French countryside too .
3. China
Okay , so the streets of Beijing are a bit oversaturated with cyclists and this may not be the picturesque idea of a scenic and healthy way to see the country that you had in mind .
But China likely has more bicycles in regular operation than anywhere in the world , and it takes a pretty good infrastructure to make that possible .
2. Spain
Barcelona ’s massive bicycling program , Bicing , is quickly becoming world renowned in its success .
An annual Bike Week is held in late May too , showcasing Spain ’s dedication to encouraging bicycling .
1. The Netherlands
Okay , so you knew ahead of time that The Netherlands would top this list .
We wo n’t disappoint .
The bicycle is literally the only means of transportation throughout many parts of Amsterdam ;
It ’s the undisputed bicycle capital of the world !
Comments
TEHRAN , Iran – Iran 's top electoral body , the Guardian Council , found " no major fraud " in the disputed June 12 election and ruled out annulling the the results , Iran 's state TV Tuesday quoted a spokesman for the council as saying .
Opposition supporters , who allege systematic fraud , have demanded a new election and have staged near - daily protests challenging the claim that hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad won re-election by a landslide .
With Tuesday 's announcement , Iran 's regime appeared to be closing another door to compromise .
Iran 's supreme leader had already praised Ahmadinejad as the winner and ordered post-election protesters off the streets .
On Monday , the feared Revolutionary Guard threatened a crackdown if protests persist .
Such threats and the deaths of at least 17 people since the start of the protests have prompted growing concern by the international community about the fate of opposition supporters .
In New York , U.N. Secretary Ban Ki-moon urged an " immediate stop to the arrests , threats and use of force , " U.N. spokeswoman Michele Montas said at U.N. headquarters Monday .
The announcement by the Guardian Council came a day after it said — in a rare acknowledgment — that there had been voting irregularities in 50 districts , including local vote counts that exceeded the number of eligible voters .
However , the council said the discrepancies were not widespread enough to affect the result .
The council agreed last week to investigate opposition complaints of problems in the voting .
The council found " no major fraud or breach in the election , " a spokesman , Abbas Ali Kadkhodaei , was quoted by Iran 's state - run English language Press TV as saying .
" Therefore , there is no possibility of an annulment taking place , " he said .
Ahmadinejad 's main challenger , Mir Hossein Mousavi , has charged the election was a fraud and insists he is the true winner .
In a sign of a growing crackdown , Tehran riot police fired tear gas and live bullets Monday to break up about 200 protesters paying tribute to a young woman whose apparent shooting death was captured on video and circulated worldwide .
A man identifying himself as the woman 's boyfriend later said he had tried to dissuade her from attending the protests because of the risk , but that she told him she wanted democracy and freedom for the people of Iran .
Severe restrictions on reporters have made it almost impossible to independently verify reports on demonstrations , clashes and casualties .
Iran has ordered reporters for international news agencies to stay in their offices , barring them from reporting on the streets .
This movie was great , to those who think it made no sense ...
Why does this have to be believable .
Of course the MNU had lots of power but how good would the movie be showing protesters and the UN .
This wasnt in the US and things around the world are run by over powered governments and This movie was great , to those who think it made no sense ...
Why does this have to be believable .
Of course the MNU had lots of power but how good would the movie be showing protesters and the UN .
This wasnt in the US and things around the world are run by over powered governments and companies .
The movie kept you wondering whats gonna happen next and you kinda had a clue to will Wikus go back to save Thomas but you had the sense of well maybe he really isnt .
Many of times i though Wikus was dead and Thomas was too .
This movie all together was very exciting and kept you interested and if it didnt stick to Jerassic Park maybe thats a bit more realistic to you .
…
Expand
By Dominic Casciani
BBC News
It is a major decision about the legality of using secret evidence
Three terror suspects whose freedom is restricted by control orders have won a legal battle in the House of Lords over the use of secret evidence .
Nine Law Lords unanimously ruled it was unfair individuals should be kept in ignorance of the case against them .
They did not quash the men's orders , but one warned the ruling could spell the end of the control orders system .
The home secretary called the decision " disappointing " but said all control orders would remain in force for now .
The Home Office uses control orders against terror suspects who cannot be tried because of secret intelligence .
In practical terms , the ruling means the cases must return to the High Court lower courts to be reheard .
In turn , the Home Office will need to decide either to release more material to the men and to the public - or rescind the orders .
LIVING ON A CONTROL ORDER
Where 's the evidence -
It 's all closed material , I can't defend myself , I 'm in the dark , I 'm in this nightmare
Controlee AE , speaking to the BBC
' Nightmare ' of control order life Home Secretary Alan Johnson said protecting the public was his " top priority " .
" This judgment makes that task harder , " he said , insisting they tried to ensure reliance on sensitive material would not affect the right to a fair trial .
He said the government would now consider its options - but all control orders would remain in force .
The three suspects , an Iraqi , a British man and a man who has dual Libyan / UK citizenship , have been held on control orders for between two and three years .
Under the system , terrorism suspects have their liberty restricted with home curfews , electronic tagging and bans on whom they can meet and where they can go .
The men are not allowed to see any of the secret intelligence assessments that form the basis of the restrictions , but they can still mount a legal challenge .
Ruling in favour of the men Lord Phillips of Worth Matravers , the senior Law Lord on the case , said : " A trial procedure can never be considered fair if a party to it is kept in ignorance of the case against him .
FROM THE WORLD AT ONE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from The World At One " If the wider public are to have confidence in the justice system , they need to be able to see that justice is done rather than being asked to take it on trust .
" The best way of producing a fair trial is to ensure that a party to it has the fullest information of both the allegations that are made against him and the evidence relied upon in support of those allegations . "
Lord Hope of Craighead added : " The consequences of a successful terrorist attack are likely to be so appalling that there is an understandable wish to support the system that keeps those who are considered to be most dangerous out of circulation for as long as possible .
" But the slow creep of complacency must be resisted .
If the rule of law is to mean anything , it is in cases such as these that the court must stand by [ legal ] principle .
It must insist that the person affected be told what is alleged against him . "
Muhammed Ayub , solicitor for one of the three men , known as AE , said : " We are pleased with the judgement , it 's absolutely clear that evidence that is not disclosed cannot be relied upon . "
Rethink cases But Lord Hoffman , one of the nine Lords , said their hands had been forced in part by an earlier European Court of Human Rights judgement .
FROM THE WORLD AT ONE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from The World At One
He said : " I think that the decision was wrong and that it may well destroy the system of control orders which is a significant part of this country 's defences against terrorism . "
As of March this year , 17 men were being held on control orders and there are at least another 20 deportation cases involving similar national security material .
Shadow home secretary Chris Grayling said : " This is further evidence of the government 's failure to create a proper regime to control dangerous terror suspects in the UK .
They have set up a system which just is n't working properly and is in urgent need of review . "
And Eric Metcalfe of expert legal group Justice said the judgement supported the opinion of many senior lawyers .
" The House of Lords judgment marks a turning point .
The government can decide to limp on with the use of secret evidence for the sake of ever - diminishing returns .
" Or Parliament can act to end its use once and for all .
Either way , the unfairness of secret evidence is clear . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
British actor Rupert Grint attends the World premiere of " Harry Potter And The Half - Blood Prince " at the Odeon and Empire Cinemas at Leicester Square in London on July 7 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Rune Hellestad ) | License Photo
British actress Emma Watson attends the World premiere of " Harry Potter And The Half - Blood Prince " at the Odeon and Empire Cinemas at Leicester Square in London on July 7 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Rune Hellestad ) | License Photo
British actress Emma Watson and actors Rupert Grint and Daniel Radcliffe attend the World premiere of " Harry Potter And The Half - Blood Prince " at the Odeon and Empire Cinemas at Leicester Square in London on July 7 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Rune Hellestad ) | License Photo
July 31 marks the birthday of literary phenomenon Harry Potter .
If he were a real person , he would be 29 .
Author J.K. Rowling set Harry 's date of birth as July 31 , 1980 -- her own birthday is July 31 , 1965 .
She made Harry 's 11th birthday as the day he learns he is a wizard and is headed for Hogwarts School of f Witchcraft and Wizardry .
( UPI Photo / Laura Cavanaugh ) | License Photo
British author JK Rowling attends the World premiere of " Harry Potter And The Half - Blood Prince " at the Odeon and Empire Cinemas at Leicester Square in London on July 7 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Rune Hellestad ) | License Photo
WACO , Texas , July 30 ( UPI ) --
The way newspapers are represented in the Harry Potter books could have a negative impact on young people 's understanding of journalism , U.S. researchers say .
Study co-author Amanda Sturgill , senior lecturer in journalism at Baylor University , says in a news release an analysis of the first six books in author J.K.
Rowling 's best - selling series about the boy wizard found overwhelmingly negative representation of journalism .
Sturgill said the concern is that young readers will come away with a perception that journalism is corrupt , deceptive and an unattractive career choice .
Advertisement
" Since literature can play an important role in helping children learn and possibly empathize with situations experienced by the characters , the potential for influence on journalism is strong , " she said .
Sturgill and study co-authors Jessica Winney of the University of Houston - Clear Lake and Tina Libhart of Baylor , analyzed quotes that mentioned media , including newspapers , magazines , radio and textbooks .
The books feature a newspaper in the wizard world called The Daily Prophet , which frequently publishes misleading or inaccurate information , and employs a reporter -- Rita Skeeter -- who demonstrates what the researchers call " a complete disregard for accuracy , truthfulness and objectivity . "
The full study can be found at : http://www.acjournal.org/holdings/vol10/01_Spring/articles/sturgill_etal.php.
You are not logged in .
Login or Signup
that is very good
indeed
( , Mon 29 Jun 2009 , 15:11 , ( , Mon 29 Jun 2009 , 15:11 , Reply
Yes .
( , Fri 3 Jul 2009 , 15:31 , ( , Fri 3 Jul 2009 , 15:31 , Reply
Nice work !
Enjoyed that a lot !
( , Mon 29 Jun 2009 , 15:21 , ( , Mon 29 Jun 2009 , 15:21 , Reply
heh
it would n't surprise me
( , Mon 29 Jun 2009 , 15:36 , ( , Mon 29 Jun 2009 , 15:36 , Reply
Love the voices
( , Mon 29 Jun 2009 , 17:59 , ( , Mon 29 Jun 2009 , 17:59 , Reply
nice one
It makes a lot of sense , too .
( , Mon 29 Jun 2009 , 18:59 , ( , Mon 29 Jun 2009 , 18:59 , Reply
I really wish this was the truth
really i do
( , Fri 3 Jul 2009 , 16:37 , ( , Fri 3 Jul 2009 , 16:37 , Reply
I can't hear it
( , Fri 3 Jul 2009 , 20:10 , ( , Fri 3 Jul 2009 , 20:10 , Reply
Haha
Excellent !
Well done on making the newsletter too
( , Fri 3 Jul 2009 , 21:36 , ( , Fri 3 Jul 2009 , 21:36 , Reply
I would have clicked " I like this "
but instead I decided to write you personally & tell you how awesome it is .
There 's not a " This is awesome " button .
( , Sat 4 Jul 2009 , 22:30 , ( , Sat 4 Jul 2009 , 22:30 , Reply
Nice .
They should have Samual L play the lead in the movie version ...
( , Mon 6 Jul 2009 , 17:06 , ( , Mon 6 Jul 2009 , 17:06 , Reply
Hey nice job !
Loved it ....
( , Fri 17 Jul 2009 , 17:14 , ( , Fri 17 Jul 2009 , 17:14 , Reply
I 've been watching a show on NBC that I have n't heard too much buzz about .
The Listener is about a paramedic who can read people 's thoughts and uses it to help others .
Think " Heroes " without the giant cast and a little more believable ( if mind - reading can be believable ) .
It also does n't hurt that the lead is easy on the eyes , but that 's neither here nor there .
I was catching up on some episodes on the TiVo and was pleasantly shocked at last week 's show called " Lisa Says . "
This particular episode deals with the heavy issues facing trans youth : homelessness , not accepting parents , and lack of medical help .
In fact it revolves around a young female to male trans youth , something else that has been rather unheard of on prime - time TV .
I think it was of the most positive and realistic depictions of the issues surrounding trans kids I have seen on a fictional TV show ...
Video and more after the jump ...
Russian jets carried out airstrikes against targets in northern Georgia
A report in a Russian military journal claims that half the planes Russia lost in its war with Georgia last year were shot down by friendly fire .
The article , in the Moscow Defence Brief magazine , also claims that Russia lost a total of six military aircraft , two more than it is admitting to .
The report is highly critical of Russian forces during the brief war .
But a senior Russian military official said the information contained in the report was incorrect .
Interfax news agency quoted deputy chief of the General Staff Anatoly Nogovitsyn as saying Russia had already provided full information about losses during the conflict with Georgia and there was nothing to add to this .
" Regarding insinuations that Russian air force planes were shot down by our own air defences , these also bear no relation to the truth , " he added .
Russian air force officials have always claimed that four planes were lost during the five - day war last August .
' No co-operation '
The report was written by the respected Moscow - based Centre for Analysis of Strategy and Technology ( Cast ) .
Cast gives detailed information about each of the losses , including times , locations and the names of the pilots .
It is also highly critical of the Russian military .
It says there was a total absence of co-operation between the Russian army and the Russian air force , which led them to conduct completely separate campaigns .
Russian forces easily overwhelmed Georgian troops during the brief war .
But the BBC's Rupert Wingfield - Hayes says losses sustained by the Russian side in just five days have led analysts here to question how Russian troops would fare against a bigger , better - equipped and better - trained enemy .
Olympic cyclist Chris Boardman shows off his unique bike design which he not only says will be common in 20 years but is also theft - proof and features puncture - free tires .
The futuristic - looking creation boasts a complete carbon fiber body with a built - in locking anti-theft mechanism which can only be activated by the touch of the bike owner ’s fingerprints .
Addition features include a calorie monitoring system , battery - powered assistance , and aforementioned puncture - free tires that have the ability to self - inflate .
Boardman had this to say :
“ It could be built now if there was a will .
All the technologies are already there , it ’s just that nobody ’s put them all together before . ”
Source : Gizmodo
Earlier in the day it was announced that President Obama would be drinking Bud Light , Professor Gates Red Stripe , and Officer Crowley Blue Moon .
The issue CNBC raises is that none of these beers are actually produced by a fully owned US company .
Anheuser - Busch is now run by Belgium ’s Inbev , Blue Moon is produced by the Molson Coors Brewing Company in Toronto , and Red Stripe is a product of Jamaica .
Added Sniper / Spy milestone achievements as an additional way players can get the new unlockables
Arena Mode
Added tf_arena_use_queue server convar .
Turn this on to get the old queue behavior .
Default is off
Added tf_arena_round_time to set a timelimit on the round
Added the userid of the player who built the teleporter to the " player_teleported " event
Fixed player killed event causing server crash
Fixed Spies not being telefragged when standing on an enemy teleporter exit with the Dead Ringer enabled
Fixed attackers seeing the mini-crit particle effect for full crits if the victim has the Jarate effect enabled
Fixed the Ambassador not doing damage to buildings
Fixed Spies disguised as their own team not drawing blood effects
Fixed players killed by flaming arrows not showing the appropriate death icon
Updates to Team Fortress 2 have been released .
The updates will be applied automatically when your Steam client is restarted .
The specific changes include :
Worksheets.com
A fabulous resource for math worksheets , including place value worksheets and skip counting , charts , free geography worksheets and maps , and free English worksheets for all grade levels .
Worksheets can be customized and are in pdf format .
A must bookmark website for homeschooling parents !
K5 Learning
K5 Learning offers free math , grammar , cursive , and reading comprehension worksheets and multimedia lessons for grades 1 - 6 .
The company also offers free preschool and kindergarten worksheets on letters , numbers , shapes and colors , and phonics .
Free Printable Behavior and Homework Charts
Free Printable Homework , Reading , Chores , Behavior Charts and more .
Various styles , formats and even with cartoon characters .
Have Fun Learning
A fabulous homeschool resource for free printable worksheets and flash cards on phonics , math , and many other primary subjects .
This website also has links to free educational videos and songs , tools for clip art and creating your own worksheet printables .
Definitely worth a visit
( CNN ) --
In an unusual step , NASA scientists interrupted testing of the refurbished Hubble Space Telescope to aim the orbiter 's camera at Jupiter and capture an image of the planet 's mysterious new scar .
The revamped Hubble telescope captured these images of an impact scar near Jupiter 's south pole .
The resulting picture , taken Thursday , is the sharpest visible - light photo of the dark spot and Hubble 's first science observation since astronauts repaired and upgraded it in May , NASA said .
Earth - based telescopes have been trained on Jupiter since an amateur astronomer in Australia noticed the new mark , probably created when a small comet or asteroid plunged into Jupiter 's atmosphere and disintegrated , early Monday .
But in its rarified orbit 347 miles above the Earth , the Hubble has a better view of the gaseous planet .
This week 's event marks only the second time scientists have recorded debris colliding with Jupiter , the fifth planet from the sun and the largest in our solar system .
The appearance of the impact spot is changing day to day in the planet 's cloud tops , making it a priority for scientists to document it quickly .
Although the Hubble is not expected to resume full operations until late summer and its new camera is still being calibrated , NASA scientists decided the Jupiter event was too significant not to put the orbiting observatory back into action for a day .
" Because we believe this magnitude of impact is rare , we are very fortunate to see it with Hubble , " said Amy Simon - Miller of NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Maryland .
" Details seen in the Hubble view shows a lumpiness to the debris plume caused by turbulence in Jupiter 's atmosphere . "
Jupiter 's colorful atmosphere is 86 percent hydrogen and 14 percent helium , with tiny amounts of methane , ammonia , phosphine , water , acetylene , ethane , germanium and carbon monoxide .
The chemicals are responsible for producing the different colors of Jupiter 's clouds .
The object created a mark on Jupiter that has about same diameter as Earth , though the object itself was probably only 50 to 100 miles across , said Anthony Wesley , the astronomer who first noticed the scar .
The mystery object was probably moving at speeds of about 50 to 100 kilometers ( 31 to 62 miles ) per second when it struck near Jupiter 's south pole , Wesley said .
The new image of Jupiter was taken with Hubble 's Wide Field Camera 3 , which was installed by the astronauts aboard space shuttle Atlantis in May .
Because it is still being calibrated , the camera 's full power has yet to be seen , NASA said .
The Hubble has been in orbit since 1990 and can capture images that telescopes on Earth can't , partly because it does n't have to gaze through the planet 's murky atmosphere .
The unplanned Jupiter photo shoot will add delays to the recommissioning of Hubble , NASA said .
But scientists are at a point in the telescope 's reboot where they have enough flexibility to employ Hubble to look at the unexpected astronomical event , they said .
All About Hubble Space Telescope
HEALTH UPDATES ON TWITTER HEALTH UPDATES ON TWITTER
When is a beer not a beer ?
When it 's gluten - free .
And as of Monday , it 's also when the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau , which regulates the labeling of beer , wine and spirits , handed off regulation of said cold , sudsy brews to the Food and Drug Administration .
YOUR HEALTH : Gluten - free diets gaining in popularity
That 's good news for the nation 's estimated two million sufferers of celiac disease , for whom consuming any kind of gluten can cause chronic diarrhea , arthritis , bone loss and a host of other symptoms .
Their immune systems react to gluten , a protein found in wheat , rye and barley , causing inflammation in their small intestine , interfering with the absorption of nutrients .
Beers brewed the traditional way , with malted barley , contain gluten .
But small craft brewers and then Anheuser - Busch began making beer from malted sorghum , an African grain , and sometimes rice .
Both are gluten free .
That was great for celiacs but did n't fit in the Federal Alcohol Administration
Act of 1935 's definition of beer , which was a beverage brewed from malted barley and other grains .
So that amber , foamy and distinctly beer - tasting beverage did n't count as beer under the regs .
Which is why last July 7 , 2008 , the FDA and TTB agreed that FDA would take over regulation .
On Monday , FDA issued its Guidance for Industry covering these non-barley beers .
And to the benefit of the one in 133 Americans who can't eat anything containing gluten , these beverages can now officially be labeled gluten - free once they 've been tested and confirmed by FDA .
" For the longest time I could n't put gluten - free on the label , because there was n't a definition " under TTB regulations , says Russ Klisch , whose Lakefront Brewery in Milwaukee makes a sorghum beer , New Grist .
A friend whose father had the disease told Klisch how much his dad missed having a beer now and then , and then it turned out Klisch 's brew master 's father also had it .
These people needed beer , they decided .
Now his New Grist is distributed in 30 states and two Canadian provinces .
He sells about $ 500,000 worth a year and sales are growing about 35 % a year .
Sorghum beer has a slightly different flavor from normal beer , with a twang that some describe as " spicy citrusy . "
" If you ever have a Belgian beer , this is somewhat similar to a Belgian beer , " Klisch says .
Brewers of gluten - free beers have until Jan. 1 , 2012 , to begin adding nutrition labels to their products , including a declaration of major food allergens , which includes wheat .
That 's the information people with celiac disease have been waiting for .
Up until now , they could n't be certain that a beer that claimed to be gluten - free really was .
Under FDA regulations , there 's a standard for it .
Gluten - free beer makes up less than 0.1 % of the beer market , says Paul Gatza of the Brewers Association in Boulder , Colo .
The biggest players in the gluten - free beer market are Anheuser - Busch 's Red Bridge , Klisch 's Lakefront in Milwaukee , Wisconsin and Bard 's Tale from Norwalk , Conn. , he says .
Celiacs have been buying these gluten - free beers for years , says Elaine Monarch , executive director of the Celiac Disease Foundation in Studio City , Calif .
But accurate labels will be nice and the new FDA regulations may make it easier for European gluten - free beverages to enter the market , she says .
The only bad news for the brewers is that the IRS does n't care what this stuff is made from — it 's still taxed like beer , at $ 18 a barrel .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Todd Mitchell , analyst for Kaufman Bros .
Equity Research stated that he ’s anticipating two more downloadable GTA IV episodes to launch after The Ballad of Gay Tony .
“ It ’s been indicated to me that would be the case , ” he said .
Additionally , with Microsoft ’s exclusivity deal covering only two episodes , these DLC add - ons may also appear on PS3 .
In addition to new GTA IV episodes , the analyst believes GTA V will debut some time in the 2011 fiscal year .
The only reason it was n’t announced or teased in any way during E3 , he believes , is “ Rockstar ’s track record with delivering on time . ”
Mitchell also made an interesting statement regarding the possibility of a new Grand Theft Auto hitting the PlayStation 2 system .
He believes a PS2 port of the PSP port of the formerly DS - exclusive Chinatown Wars may hit the aging Sony system , although he admits he ’s not too “ confident ” about that prediction .
But with millions of PS2 out there you might have a hit on your hands if you were Rockstar and speaking of which , Rockstar also could easy make a Wii port of the game .
[ Via Joystiq ]
Posted by Bill , July 4th , 2009 - under Industrial action , Safety at work , Strikes .
Tags : ABCC , ALP , Australian Building and Construction Commission , Australian Labor Party , Australian politics , Building industry , Building unions , CFMEU , Class struggle
John went to a CFMEU activist meeting on Thursday in Canberra .
There were about 120 people there , including members of other unions and ALP members .
Speakers included the CFMEU SA state secretary Martin O’Malley , the national secretary Dave Noonan , the local secretary Sarah Schoonwater and academics Humphrey McQueen , John Buchanan and George Williams .
There was a good video ( available on rightsonsite ) about the criminal proceedings against Ark Tribe , a CFMEU member in South Australia .
Here is what rightsonsite says about Ark ’s case :
Ark Tribe is a construction worker from South Australia facing six months in jail .
He has been charged with not attending an interview with the Australian Building and Construction Commission ( ABCC ) .
Ark was working on the Flinders University site in Adelaide .
Conditions were so bad that workers drew up a petition calling for safety improvements , on a handtowel .
It took an intervention by the union and the state government safety regulator to get the most pressing problems fixed and finally , after several days , things began to get back on track .
One by one workers from the site were called before the ABCC .
The penalties for those who do n’t cooperate with ABCC investigations are frightening – fines of up to $ 22,000 for things like stopping work to make sure workers are safe and jail for up to 6 months if you do n’t answer their questions .
Even the police do n’t have the powers the ABCC have .
In Ark ’s words , “ If I ’ve done something wrong , I ’m prepared to cop it , but I wo n’t be treated unfairly . ”
We need to get the Rudd Labor Government to get rid of these laws , before another construction worker faces jail .
So opposition to Labor possibly jailing a unionist for union activity was what got everyone together at the meeting .
Most of the talk was about outreach to the community , telling them what was really happening and how draconian the ABCC laws were .
Dave Noonan , the national secretary , spoke about industrial action if Ark Tribe is jailed .
John spoke towards the end of the meeting about an injury to one being an injury to all and that that was why he was there .
John stressed that these were Labor ’s laws , that lobbying MPs and passing motions at the ALP national conference was n’t going to change a thing and that cutting off profit to the bosses was the way to force them and the Government to back down .
Others had mentioned Clarrie O’Shea ’s jailing in 1969 and the strikes across Australia that saw him released and made the penal powers a dead letter .
But the conclusion they drew was that those were different times and so strikes were n’t possible .
John rejected this , saying in fact that workers ’ anger coupled with leadership saw the penal powers defeated and the same anger existed today about Labor ’s laws , designed specifically to smash one of the main unions prepared to stand up for its members .
There was an undercurrent among the workers there of wanting an answer about what to do , and John seemed to have filled the gap , at least rhetorically .
Unions ACT leader Kim Sattler talked about not rushing off and being picked off by the ABCC but being disciplined and united .
This is code for ‘ do n’t take industrial action and follow the orders of your leaders ’ .
While the support John got might have been satisfying personally , it showed that there was no organised oppositional group or even anyone thinking along those organised lines within the union .
Unless such a group develops to challenge the ‘ lobbying not strikes ’ approach of the leaders of most unions across Australia , the campaign may well peter out or end up in the dead end of advertising .
Nevertheless there was a strong sense of disquiet with the ALP and the possibility of Labor jailing Ark .
The task now is to build on that anger and turn it into action .
As John argued , the bosses only understand one thing .
Cut off the flow of profits and they can be forced to back down .
If you do n’t fight you lose .
For an analysis of why Labor ’s Fair Work Australia is Work Choices Lite , read John ’s December 2008 article Rudd ’s Work Choices .
Just how bad is the current plague of economic fallacy ?
Consider the front page of the New York Times today ( July 15 , 2009 ) :
SEACHANGE IS SET IN A HEALTH PLAN — House Democratic leaders took a big step toward guaranteeing health insurance for most Americans on Tuesday as they unveiled a bill that detailed how they would expand coverage , slow the growth of Medicare , raise taxes on high - income people and penalize employers who do not provide health benefits to their workers .
A BLEAKER PATH FOR WORKERS TO SLOG —
In California and a handful of other states , one out of every five people who would like to be working full time is not now doing so .
It is a startling sign of the pain that the Great Recession is inflicting , and it is largely missed by the official , oft - repeated statistics on unemployment .
It ’s sometimes said that economics is a difficult subject because it requires high - level , abstract thinking , and tracing of cause and effect through several logical steps .
And yet , really , how hard can it be to see the contradiction in the above ?
Here is the problem .
Mandating benefits to employees imposes costs on employment .
The would - be worker bears the cost .
It makes the worker more expensive to hire .
The employer has to pay not only a salary but also a benefit .
If you make it more expensive to hire people , fewer people will be hired .
It is no different from eggs at the supermarket .
If they are $ 2 each , you will purchase fewer of them — you will economize .
This is nothing but the law of demand : consumers will demand less of a good at a higher price than a lower price .
A salary plus benefits amounts to a price that the employer must pay to purchase the work of a laborer .
At a higher price , less work will be purchased by the employer .
$ 25 $ 20
That means that requiring employers to provide health benefits to employees and potential employees will make the job situation today worse not better .
It will intensify the current problem that people want to work more but are having a hard time getting employers to hire them .
The answer is the same in every recessionary environment .
The price of labor must fall in order for the surplus of workers to be absorbed into the market .
Raising the cost of hiring only further entrenches the problem and creates new forms of unemployment .
There is no real reason to prove these assertions empirically since they flow from the logic of economics .
Nonetheless , Richard Vedder and Lowell Gallaway spent years accumulating evidence of the link between full employment and lower labor costs , on the one hand , and higher labor costs and unemployment on the other .
What they found in their book Out of Work was that the entire problem ( or nearly the entire problem ) of unemployment can be explained through the issue of the costs of hiring and employing .
In other words , there is no mystery here .
Unemployment can be created or solved by the application of policies and laws .
In a free market , however , there is no unemployment that persists that is n’t chosen by the workers themselves .
That ’s because the price of labor is continually fluctuating based on supply and demand .
Everyone who wants to work can work , simply because we live in a world in which there is always work to do .
Only artificial interventions can generate the unemployment problem we have today .
Even so , and for reasons that are unknown and can only mystify the learned person , the Congress and the Obama administration keep trying to pretend as if reality does n’t exist .
Here they are imagining that they can just order businesses to give everyone health care and then suddenly health care for all comes into being .
$ 29 $ 25
As with all programs , we have to ask : what is the cost ?
I do n’t mean what the cost adds up to in terms of government spending .
I mean : what is the social cost of overpricing labor relative to what the market would bear ?
In this case , there is no way to know in advance , but we can know that fewer people will be hired than otherwise .
And then what happens ?
Business goes to government hoping for a subsidy or for fully socialized medicine as a way of sloughing off the costs on the whole of society instead of bearing them directly .
Sadly , there is no way that free health care can be granted to all living things with the stroke of a pen .
Broadening availability will require that the entire sector be turned over to the private sector , so that it can be controlled through the price system like everything else .
As it is , the imposition of new penalties on business will make them less , not more , likely to hire people , which will thereby intensify the labor problem .
It is like trying to cure a drug overdose with the injection of poison .
New mandates on business are exactly what we do not need .
In other words , the whole idea is just plain dumb , not to mention incredibly ill - timed .
The worst possible time to be imposing new mandates on business of any sort is during a downturn .
Make the mandates labor specific and you have a recipe for causing the unemployment rate to land in the double digits and go up from there , higher and higher until the entire economy shuts down .
Presumably , not even Congress and the President would benefit from this result .
Books by Lew Rockwell
The Best of Lew Rockwell
The Best of Llewellyn H. Rockwell , Jr.
Appelons -le Adam .
Pour l'heure , ce jeudi 23 juillet dans le bureau de son avocat , Me Damien Brossier , face à la cathédrale d'Evry ( Essonne ) , Adam préfère que son identité reste dans le secret du dossier judiciaire .
Ce n'est pas de la peur .
Plutôt de la pudeur .
A 32 ans , cheveux taillés ras et visage mat , ce Français d'origine nord - africaine , qui ne sait ni lire ni écrire , collectionne les séjours derrière les barreaux pour des violences diverses et des délits mineurs .
Douze ans d'incarcération au total , qu'il a passés , le plus souvent , à la maison d'arrêt de Fleury - Mérogis .
S'il n'est pas un citoyen exemplaire , Adam , remis en liberté depuis le 12 juillet 2008 , a toujours été un détenu sans problème .
Jamais d'embrouille .
Pas de drogue .
Pas de trafic .
Tout juste quelques bagarres , " quand il y a une raison " , précise - t - il .
L'homme n'est pas " du genre qui se laisse faire " .
Il n'a pourtant pas résisté aux sévices que lui ont infligés des détenus , de mèche avec un groupe de surveillants , lors de son dernier passage à Fleury .
Le 25 août 2007 , il y purge une énième peine .
Ce jour - là , une violente crise d'hémorroïdes l'oblige à consulter le médecin .
Il est un peu plus de 17 heures .
Adam patiente à l'infirmerie quand arrivent " trois ou quatre surveillants " - il n'est plus très sûr - avec un détenu .
Celui-ci " marche normalement " , insiste Adam , mais il a l'air énervé .
Des insultes fusent .
" Un surveillant met un coup de poing au visage .
Le détenu tombe et les autres surveillants en profitent pour lui mettre des coups de pied " , raconte Adam .
Ils arrêtent de taper quand le détenu ne bouge plus .
L'homme à terre s'appelle Denis Ardon .
Il a 22 ans .
Ecroué à Fleury depuis le 15 juillet 2007 , il vient de mourir .
Adam ne le sait pas .
Il l'apprendra quelques jours plus tard .
Sur l'instant , les surveillants , affolés , ont oublié qu'un témoin assiste au drame .
Les homicides sont des événements rarissimes en prison .
" Ils s'engueulent entre eux .
Ça crie .
Tout juste s'ils n'en viennent pas aux mains " , assure Adam , qui suit la scène à travers une vitre dans la pièce d'à côté .
Quelques minutes plus tôt , dans la cour de promenade , Denis Ardon et un autre détenu - Omar Tall , aujourd ' hui poursuivi pour " coups volontaires ayant entraîné la mort " - " se sont embrouillés " pour une histoire de cigarettes et de joints .
Des coups de poing .
Des coups de tête .
Des coups de pied .
Aux dires de certains témoins , Denis Ardon se relève péniblement .
Les surveillants n'interviennent qu'une fois la bagarre finie .
Ils emmènent le blessé à l'infirmerie .
" Sur un brancard " , ont certifié aux gendarmes enquêteurs tous les personnels qui ont été entendus .
Dans l'infirmerie , les surveillants l'installent en PLS ( position latérale de sécurité ) en attendant le médecin .
Celui - ci arrive vers 17 h 45 .
Il examine Denis .
Puis s'occupe d'Adam .
Toujours selon les surveillants , c'est durant ce laps de temps d'environ 10 minutes que l'état de Denis se serait dégradé .
Leur version , livrée dans les semaines qui ont suivi le décès , s'oppose à celle d'Adam .
A les en croire , ils n'ont jamais frappé Denis Ardon .
" Faux " , jure Adam , qui l'a confirmé le 23 avril devant un juge d'instruction d'Evry .
" Les surveillants l'ont mis à terre et l'ont tapé .
J'en suis sûr , a - t - il dit .
Ils lui disaient " arrête de faire ton cinéma , mets toi debout " ; le mec ne répondait pas " , assure - t - il sur le procès - verbal dont Le Monde a pris connaissance .
Parole de taulard contre parole de matons .
L'affaire pourrait s'arrêter là , et la justice trancher , une fois achevée l'instruction ouverte à Evry depuis deux ans sur ces faits .
Mais elle ne fait que commencer .
Assis dans le bureau de Me Brossier , Adam s'agite sur sa chaise .
Il tord ses doigts , baisse la tête , se recroqueville .
Ses gestes nerveux trahissent un profond malaise .
" Dans les jours qui ont suivi l'incident de l'infirmerie , j'ai constaté que des surveillants avaient une attitude bizarre envers moi .
Ils étaient trop gentils " , bredouille - t - il , la voix tremblante .
De façon surprenante , un chef de détention , qu'il avait aperçu à l'infirmerie , s'enquiert de son confort et de ce qu'il sait des faits du 25 août .
" Rien " , répond Adam .
C'est le chef qui , alors , lui apprend la mort de Denis Ardon .
A partir de ce moment , la vie carcérale d'Adam bascule .
On commence par le changer de cellule pour le placer aux côtés d'un détenu connu pour les trafics de stupéfiants et de téléphones portables auxquels il se livre dans la prison .
Adam , qui ne veut pas d'histoire , le dénonce et demande à changer .
Le chef le convoque à nouveau , lui propose un travail , tout en lui recommandant de garder le silence sur l'infirmerie .
Adam déménage du bâtiment D5 au D4 et devient " auxiliaire de cantine " .
" Un boulot bien payé , habituellement réservé aux Français " , souligne - t - il .
Il veut dire aux Blancs .
Au D4 , détenus et surveillants s'étonnent qu'un " rebeu " décroche une pareille planque .
" Tu leur dis que je suis ton oncle par alliance " , lui glisse son " protecteur " gradé .
Tout se passe bien , pendant deux ou trois semaines .
Jusqu'au jour où Adam est appelé au parloir .
Une assistante sociale vient évoquer avec lui la prise en charge de son fils .
Lorsque Adam remonte , son " protecteur " veut savoir qui lui a rendu visite , et pourquoi .
Le surveillant le frappe .
Lui enjoint de démissionner de son job et d'écrire une lettre disant qu'il a menti en se faisant passer pour son neveu .
" Alors qu'il sait que je ne sais pas écrire " , dit Adam .
Puis le chef rédige un texte .
Adam le signe , perd son boulot , et est envoyé à l'isolement .
La rumeur selon laquelle il serait une balance circule .
Quelques jours plus tard , alors qu'il sort en promenade dans la cour du quartier d'isolement , trois autres détenus le passent à tabac : contusions diverses , clavicule cassée et doigt fracturé .
En guise de soins , on lui jette du coton et quelques lingettes .
" J'ai fini par péter un plomb " , explique - t - il .
Il tente de se suicider en se pendant avec un lacet .
A sa sortie d'hôpital , deux des trois détenus qui l'avaient agressé pénètrent dans sa cellule avec la complicité d'un gardien .
Les coups pleuvent .
Puis viennent les tortures .
" J'avais deux Thermos qui chauffaient sur une plaque pour le thé , raconte - t - il .
Ils m'ont baissé le caleçon et me les ont plaqués sur les fesses .
Puis ils m'ont enfoncé un manche à balai " , confie - t - il en ravalant un sanglot .
S'ensuit une deuxième tentative de suicide , qui vaudra à Adam d'être transféré à la prison de Bois - d ' Arcy .
A la visite médicale d'entrée , le 6 mars 2008 , le médecin constate " une série de brûlures au deuxième degré , profondes , en cours de cicatrisation " .
Là , Adam trouve une première écoute .
Cela ne l'empêche pas de tenter une troisième fois de se suicider , et d'être placé en psychiatrie à l'hôpital de Versailles , d'où il s'évade .
Rattrapé par les policiers , il comparaît le 20 mars 2008 devant le tribunal correctionnel de Versailles , auquel il révèle une partie de son calvaire .
Un calvaire que l'ancien détenu a finalement raconté avec force détails à la juge d'instruction Caroline Davroux le 23 avril 2009 , lors de son audition sur la mort de Denis Ardon .
Couché sur procès- verbal , le récit est entre les mains du procureur de la République d'Evry .
" Depuis , je demande au parquet d'accorder à la juge un supplément d'information pour qu'elle enquête aussi sur les actes de violence dont mon client a été victime " , s'impatiente Me Brossier .
Le parquet d'Evry a annoncé mardi avoir ouvert une information judiciaire pour violences aggravées , a - t - on appris de sources concordantes relayées par l'AFP .
Yves Bordenave
What is really behind the mushrooming rate of mortgage foreclosures since 2007 ?
The evidence from a huge national database containing millions of individual loans strongly suggests that the single most important factor is whether the homeowner has negative equity in a house -- that is , the balance of the mortgage is greater than the value of the house .
This means that most government policies being discussed to remedy woes in the housing market are misdirected .
Many policy makers and ordinary people blame the rise of foreclosures squarely on subprime mortgage lenders who presumably misled borrowers into taking out complex loans at low initial interest rates .
Those hapless individuals were then supposedly unable to make the higher monthly payments when their mortgage rates reset upwards .
But the focus on subprimes ignores the widely available industry facts ( reported by the Mortgage Bankers Association ) that 51 % of all foreclosed homes had prime loans , not subprime , and that the foreclosure rate for prime loans grew by 488 % compared to a growth rate of 200 % for subprime foreclosures .
( These percentages are based on the period since the steep ascent in foreclosures began -- the third quarter of 2006 -- during which more than 4.3 million homes went into foreclosure . )
Sharing the blame in the popular imagination are other loans where lenders were largely at fault -- such as " liar loans , " where lenders never attempted to validate a borrower 's income or assets .
This common narrative also appears to be wrong , a conclusion that is based on my analysis of loan - level data from McDash Analytics , a component of Lender Processing Services Inc .
It is the largest loan - level data source available , covering more than 30 million mortgages .
" You can do it -- have him arrested too "
Yesterday he arranged a meeting between single - payer advocates and Finance Chair Max Baucus -- Baucus had previously not only denied them a seat at the table for his hearings but even had some arrested ...
Q : Tell me about the purpose of the meeting with Senator Baucus today ?
Senator Sanders :
The truth of the matter is -- and I say this not ideologically but just from an objective analysis of the health care situation -- the only way you 're gonna provide comprehensive , universal , and cost - effective healthcare to every man , woman , and child in this country is through a single - payer system .
That 's just a simple reality .
And the reason for that is that to pay for universal comprehensive healthcare you have to deal with the enormous amount of waste that is currently within the private health insurance industry .
The estimate is about $ 400 billion a year in administrative costs , in billing , in profits , in CEO compensation , in advertising -- all of those things which have nothing to do with the provision of healthcare ...
In California , my understanding is that 1 out of every 3 dollars of premiums goes to administration .
If we are gonna address the very rapid and dangerous increase in healthcare [ costs ] , then the only way to do that is through a single - payer system which wrings out all of the waste that private health insurance creates .
So , you gotta put that issue out on the table and that 's what we 're trying to do .
The meeting with Senator Baucus is an effort to allow all of the people in this country -- including 15,000 physicians , the largest nurses organizations -- to at the very least begin to get a hearing [ on ] what is the most sensible proposal out there .
I 'm going to be talking to Senator Dodd -- who for a while has taken over the leadership of the HELP Committee -- about the possibility of a hearing within the HELP Committee .
I do n't know if that would happen but I 'd like to see that .
I just think it 's very important for the American people to understand why our system is the most expensive , the most wasteful , the most bureaucratic in the entire industrialized world .
The only way you can do that is through the analysis that single - payer provides .
Eighty liberal lawmakers , in a letter sent to House Democratic leaders Friday , forcefully demanded a “ robust and affordable ” new government - run health insurance plan be part of healthcare reform .
The Congressional Progressive Caucus stands united behind President Obama ’s call to provide high quality , affordability , and accessibility in healthcare choices for all Americans .
The overwhelming majority of Congressional Progressive Caucus members prefer a single - payer approach .
If a single - payer plan is not enacted , we agree with President Obama that there must be a robust public health insurance option like Medicare offered alongside the private plans .
This public plan would provide a guarantee of coverage , affordable , high - quality and accessible healthcare , and lower costs – regardless of income , health status , race , employment , or gender .
We oppose any conditions or triggers undermining and limiting the availability of the public option .
The Congressional Progressive Caucus calls for a robust public option that must :
· Enact concurrently with other significant expansions of coverage and must not be conditioned on private industry actions .
· Consist of one entity , operated by the federal government , which sets policies and bears the risk for paying medical claims to keep administrative costs low and provide a higher standard of care .
· Be available to all individuals and employers across the nation without limitation
· Allow patients to have access to their choice of doctors and other providers that meet defined participation standards , similar to the traditional Medicare model , promote the medical home model , and eliminate lifetime caps on benefits .
· Have the ability to structure the provider rates to promote quality care , primary care , prevention , chronic care management , and good public health .
· Utilize the existing infrastructure of successful public programs like Medicare in order to maintain transparency and consumer protections for administering processes including payment systems , claims and appeals .
· Establish or negotiate rates with pharmaceutical companies , durable medical equipment providers , and other providers to achieve the lowest prices for consumers .
· Receive a level of subsidy and support that is no less than that received by private plans .
· Ensure premiums must be priced at the lowest levels possible , not tied to the rates of private insurance plans .
In conclusion , the public plan , like all other qualified plans , must redress historical disparities in underrepresented communities .
It must provide a standard package of comprehensive benefits including dental , vision , mental health and prescription drug coverage with no pre-existing condition exclusions .
It must limit cost - sharing so that there are no barriers to care , and incorporate up - to - date best practice models to improve quality and lower costs .
All plans , including the public plan , must include coverage for evidence - based preventive health services at minimal or no co-pay .
All plans , including the public plan , should be at least as transparent as traditional Medicare .
· Presidents have a lot less power and independence than I had assumed .
Party affiliation is not a major factor in this regard .
· Initiating reforms or standing up to powerful interests can invite retribution of a kind that I had not imagined .
Presidents are subject not only to pressure but to entrapment , blackmail , and even , in one way or another , [ extra - constitutional ] removal .
One of their proposals is to break up the public option into small pieces under multiple regional third - party administrators that would have little or no bargaining leverage .
A second is to give the public option to the states where Big Pharma and Big Insurance can easily buy off legislators and officials , as they 've been doing for years .
A third is bind the public plan to the same rules private insurers have already wangled , thereby making it impossible for the public plan to put competitive pressure on the insurers .
Max Baucus , Chair of Senate Finance ( now exactly why does the Senate Finance Committee have so much say over health care ? ) has n't shown his cards but staffers tell me he 's more than happy to sign on to any one of these .
But Baucus is waiting for more support from his colleagues , and none of the three proposals has emerged as the leading candidate for those who want to kill the public option without showing they 're killing it .
Meanwhile , Ted Kennedy and his staff are still pushing for a full public option , but with Kennedy ailing , he might not be able to round up the votes .
( Kennedy 's health committee released a draft of a bill today , which contains the full public option . )
Enter Olympia Snowe .
Her move is important , not because she 's Republican ( the Senate needs only 51 votes to pass this ) but because she 's well - respected and considered non-partisan , and therefore offers some cover to Democrats who may need it .
Last night Snowe hosted a private meeting between members and staffers about a new proposal Pharma and Insurance are floating , and apparently she 's already gained the tentative support of several Democrats ( including Ron Wyden and Thomas Carper ) .
Under Snowe 's proposal , the public option would kick in years from now , but it would be triggered only if insurance companies fail to bring down healthcare costs and expand coverage in he meantime .
Earlier today , Noah 's frustration overteaming up with Republicans to kill health care reform at the behest of Big Insurance and the whole Medical - Industrial Complex , got a little ... feisty .
And maybe the brusied and battered photograph of Senate Finance Committee Chair / corrupt DLC shill Max Baucus was displayed inappropriately for a man of such high office ( although I would bet that the senator had no problem having his wounds well treated -- and at taxpayers ' expense ) .
But many of usvery frustrated to see the entire concept of single - payer , universal health care be declared " not on the table " ( even to the point of watching Chairman Baucus pointedly not inviting any single payer advocates to testify and then having the 13 who showed up at his committee hearing -- now known as the Baucus 13 -- arrested and thrown in jail ) .
Why would Baucus , putatively a Democrat -- albeit a DLC Democrat like other anti-working family Democrats such as Evan Bayh ( D - IN ) , Blanche Lincoln ( D - AR ) , Mark Pryor ( D - AR ) , Mary Landrieu ( D - LA ) , Tom Carper ( D - DE ) , Joe Lieberman ( I - CT ) ... all the scum -- be toiling for the insurance companies like a Republican instead of for working families ?
Above and beyond the $ 3,405,669,482 the Medical - Industrial Complex has spent onin the last decade ( second only to the banksters ' $ 3,560,808,113 lobbying efforts in the same time period ) , the Medical - Industrial Complex has " donated " $ 833,259,267 directly to members of Congress .
Not counting the huge amounts of money given to presidential candidates like Obama , McCain and Kerry , the biggest " donations " have gone to the 3 worst industry shills who have been well - paid to make sure there will never be effective , robust health care reform : Arlen Specter ( R - D - PA - $ 4,026,933 ) Max Baucus ( DLC - MT- $ 2,833,731 ) Mitch McConnell ( R-KY - $ 2,758,468 )
And when you just go right to Big Insurance , the non-presidential candidates who got the biggest legalized bribes were the 7 senators who have been tasked with the job of killing single - payer :
Ben Nelson ( DLC-NE - $ 1,196,799 ) Max Baucus ( DLC - MT- $ 1,184,113 ) Joe Lieberman ( DLC - CT - $ 1,036,302 ) Arlen Specter ( R- D - PA - $ 1,035,530 ) Chuck Schumer ( D - NY - $ 981,400 ) Mitch McConnell ( R-KY - $ 929,207 ) Chuck Grassley ( R- IA - $ 884,724 ) Yesterday 's Katrina Vanden Heuvel tried making sense out of why conservative Democrats have teamed up with the GOP and Insurance Industry to derail real health care reform .
She went to the senator with the best handle on the whole mess , Vermont 's Bernie Sanders , one of the half dozen firm advocates for working families in the Senate .
Right now Sanders is pushing for an incubator program ( 5 states with single payer ) to test it out and show how it works .
The Progressive Caucus in the House is still insisting -- some would say tilting -- for a robust national plan that will lead to single payer .
That would be the Progressive Caucus teaming up with the Congressional Black Caucus and the Congressional Hispanic Caucus trying to counterbalance the Blue Dogs who oppose a workable public option ( although several moderate Blue Dogs freaked out and diassociated themselves from the GOP talking points that were touted as the Blue Dog position ) .
Here 's the statement from the Progressive Caucus : I want to leave off today by urging you to watch the Bill Moyers piece below .
There is nothing that I 've seen that better explains the debate over health care reform now .
Watch it and you 'll be an expert on what this is all about .
One thing before you do .
Yesterday I finished reading Russ Baker 's truly extraordinary opus , Family of Secrets and something he said in summation haunted me all night :
Movie time : Yesterday Robert Reich warned of the same dangers we 've talking about here -- how the Medical - Industrial Complex and their congressional shills like the entire GOP and Baucus , Specter , Bayh and Nelson , plan to kill health care reform .
He thinks it may not be too late to save something .
I think he 's wrong ; if we can't even make a lapdog to big Pharma like Arlen Specter toxic enough so that corporate shills like Biden and Rendell would be afraid to embrace him , we have no clout at all ; might as well bend over and take it like a man and hope they use a lot of grease .
" Big Pharma and Big Insurance , " writes Reich " are gaining ground in their campaign to kill the public option in the emerging health care bill ...
They argue that would be unfair .
Unfair to give more people better health care at lower cost ?
To Pharma and Insurance , ' unfair ' is anything that undermines their profits .
" Tom Caper is the vice Chair of the DLC .
You can be sure that anything controversial that Tom Carper supports is toxic for working families and pre-approved by his corporate patrons .
Big Insurance has poured $ 451,724 into Carper 's career and Big Pharma , HMOs and other pieces of the Medical - Industrial Complex even more .
He 's on the take and there is no way to ever get ourselves out of the morass we 're in short of defeating crooks like Carper .
You want real health care reform ?
There 's one way to do it .
Take a pledge to vote against incumbents like Blanche Lincoln ( D - AR ) , John McCain ( R - AZ ) , Johnny Isakson ( R- GA ) , Evan Bayh ( D - IN ) , Chuck Grassley ( R- IA ) , Jim Bunning ( R- KY ) , David Diapers Vitter ( R- LA ) , Richard Burr ( R-NC ) , Tom Coburn ( R - OK ) , Arlen Specter ( D - PA ) , Jim DeMint ( R- SC ) , John Thune ( R - SD ) , and Robert Bennett ( R - UT ) next year .
That would get the attention of the rest of the Senate so fast that we'd have the best medical system in the world within months .
Or maybe Obama will crack the whip and show some tough leadership .
There 's not a more important issue to keep the powder dry for .
Labels : Bernie Sanders , Bill Moyers , Culture of Corruption , health care , Max Baucus , Progressive Caucus , single - payer health insurance
Kelly Pavlik was at the Mahoning Valley Scrappers game on Thursday night and revealed his plans for the future , as well as what he has been up to lately .
A swarm of fans greeted Pavlik to get autographed copies of his book written by David Lee Morgan , Jr. and Greg Gulas .
The book is for sale on the official Team Pavlik website .
Pavlik said that the Felix Sturm ( 32 - 4-1 , 14 KO ’s ) fight is on the board , but not set in stone yet .
“ That ’s the talk .
A couple of weeks ago it was definitely Felix Sturm until he backed out .
Now that this Super Middleweight Tournament is going on Showtime , I think it ’s pretty much a reality that the fight [ Sturm ] is going to happen . ”
It seems the holdup on making the fight with Sturm official is the proposed purse from HBO .
“ Somebody better throw some more money out there .
He ’s got the WBA world title , I ’ve got two titles . ”
HBO has offered the fighters roughly $ 1 million each .
“ If we ’ve got to split that , I was n’t going to take a fight for that . ”
Pavlik ( 35 - 1 , 31 KO ’s ) said he has been keeping busy lately and has even started to get into shape .
“ We are starting at about three days a week now , I run .
Then next week we start with the weightlifting and getting back into the boxing gym .
We ’re not going to do it too hard now because we still have a long way .
When you do eight weeks of seven hours a day of training , you do n’t want to go too long out .
I keep myself in pretty good shape , three days a week I always work out whether it ’s lifting weights , or my basketball court , we get some pickup games going – we ’re out there for four hours a day playing against different teams that come in , so I ’m always doing some kind of activities . ”
Kelly stressed that he is very anxious to get back in the ring .
”
As soon as we find out the exact date of the fight , and the date can still change , know that I am definitely excited to get back in the ring . ”
Pavlik commented on the internet and blogs . ” They wrote me off before and look what happened , I ’ve got two belts . ”
When asked where the fight might take place , Pavlik answered , “ AC [ Atlantic City ] , Youngstown or Cleveland .
Sturm ’s coming over from Germany , I do n’t see it happening in Vegas because he fought [ Oscar ] DeLa Hoya there and he kind of got robbed on that fight .
AC is kind of my second home , so , they ’re going to have to pick somewhere in the Midwest I guess . ”
What is Snow Stack ?
A new 3D CSS Visual Effects demo using pure HTML , WebKit ’s 3D CSS Effects extensions and JavaScript .
You can now see Snow Stack ’s live demo if you have Snow Leopard and Safari .
On Leopard , you can use WebKit nightly build 45754 or later for a slightly slower experience .
Instructions
Click here to open the Snow Stack live demo .
Arrow keys to move , “ Space ” to toggle magnify mode .
Mouse click on an image to view on Flickr .
You need to “ right arrow ” on the right wall to get more photos loaded in .
Many thanks to Simon Fraser for his help with performance profiling Snow Stack .
And yes , OS X Leopard with WebKit nightly will also do accelerated 3D transforms now , just like iPhone Safari .
Implementation Notes
Larger images load in after 2 seconds for high quality zoomed images .
State changes are handled via CSS .
Reflections use CSS masks instead of a Canvas draw ( standard box reflections do n’t quite work yet ) .
Reflections sit on a scale Y ( - 1.0 ) coordinate system and are tracked independently , which is surprisingly easy .
This demo pushed a few performance limits and currently avoids drawing and animating a drop shadow and border .
Animating transforms with a transform list must have only 1 function to animate in hardware .
Snow Stack ’s 3D transforms , transform and opacity animations all run on the GPU .
Layout and networked image loading happens on the CPU .
Key states are tracked manually ( timers handle keyboard delay and repeats ) so a smooth motion can be achieved when the keys are held down .
Cell sizes are chosen at initial window load time and do n’t change on window resize , although the origin does .
It ’s rather slow , however , so I may end up changing that .
The computedStyle transform matrix is used to calculate how far away the dolly is from the target image , which is then used to assign a scaled rotation to the “ camera ” .
Ideally , this might be done a different way , but the results are pretty good , and fast .
To give you a sense of the effort involved , this demo was written over 3 days , a few hours each evening .
Snow Stack ’s source code is now available from the CSS - VFX project .
Other CSS Visual Effects Demos
Updates and iPhone Apps
Technorati Tags : WebKit , Snow Leopard , Leopard , Mac OS X , graphics , 3D , CSS Effects , HTML , JavaScript
Tags : bestof , GPU , graphics , webkit
New predictions for sea level rise
Sea level graph from the University of Colorado is shown below :
University of Bristol Press release issued 26 July 2009
Fossil coral data and temperature records derived from ice - core measurements have been used to place better constraints on future sea level rise , and to test sea level projections .
The results are published today in Nature Geoscience and predict that the amount of sea level rise by the end of this century will be between 7 - 82 cm ( 0.22 to 2.69 feet )
– depending on the amount of warming that occurs – a figure similar to that projected by the IPCC report of 2007 .
Placing limits on the amount of sea level rise over the next century is one of the most pressing challenges for climate scientists .
The uncertainties around different methods to achieve accurate predictions are highly contentious because the response of the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets to warming is not well understood .
Dr Mark Siddall from the Earth Sciences Department at the University of Bristol , together with colleagues from Switzerland and the US , used fossil coral data and temperature records derived from ice - core measurements to reconstruct sea level fluctuations in response to changing climate for the past 22,000 years , a period that covers the transition from glacial maximum to the warm Holocene interglacial period .
By considering how sea level has responded to temperature since the end of the last glacial period , Siddall and colleagues predict that the amount of sea level rise by the end of this century will be similar to that projected by the Fourth Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) .
Dr Siddall said : “ Given that the two approaches are entirely independent of each other , this result strengthens the confidence with which one may interpret the IPCC results .
It is of vital importance that this semi-empirical result , based on a wealth of data from fossil corals , converges so closely with the IPCC estimates .
“ Furthermore , as the time constant of the sea level response is 2,900 years , our model indicates that the impact of twentieth - century warming on sea level will continue for many centuries into the future .
It will therefore constitute an important component of climate change in the future . ”
The IPCC used sophisticated climate models to carry out their analysis , whereas Siddall and colleagues used a simple , conceptual model which is trained to match the sea level changes that have occurred since the end of the last ice age .
The new model explains much of the variability observed over the past 22,000 years and , in response to the minimum ( 1.1 oC ) and maximum ( 6.4 oC ) warming projected for AD 2100 by the IPCC model , this new model predicts , respectively , 7 and 82 cm of sea - level rise by the end of this century .
The IPCC model predicted a slightly narrower range of sea level rise – between 18 and 76 cm .
The researchers emphasise that because we will be at least 200 years into a perturbed climate state by the end of this century , the lessons of long - term change in the past may be key to understanding future change .
Please contact Cherry Lewis for further information .
Further information :
The paper : Constraints on future sea - level rise from past sea -level reconstructions .
Mark Siddall , Thomas F. Stocker and Peter U. Clark .
Nature Geoscience .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Solid ethics complaint filed against Sarah Palin regarding unreported gifts Ethically challenged Alaska governor Sarah Palin has been hit with another ethics complaint by fellow Republican Andree McCleod .
This is the 21st ethics complaint filed against Sarah Palin while she has been governor of Alaska .
See the McCleod complaint ( PDF ) Daniel Sullivan , acting Attorney General
1031 W. 4th Avenue , Suite 200
Anchorage , AK 99501
To acting Attorney General Daniel Sullivan :
Please consider this ethics complaint charging Governor Sarah Palin for violations of the Alaska Executive Branch Ethics Act .
The charges are that she has n't claimed all gifts received in a timely manner , if at all .
Sec. 39.52.130 .
Improper gifts .
( b) Notice of the receipt by a public officer of a gift with a value in excess of $ 150 , including the name of the giver and a description of the gift and its approximate value , must be provided to the designated supervisor within 30 days after the date of its receipt .
( f) A public officer who knows or reasonably ought to know that a family member has received a gift because of the family member 's connection with the public office held by the public officer shall report the receipt of the gift by the family member to the public officer 's designated supervisor if the gift would have to be reported under this section if it had been received by the public officer or if receipt of the gift by a public officer would be prohibited under this section .
Sec. 39.52.960 .
Definitions .
( 11 ) " immediate family member " means
( A ) the spouse of the person ;
( B ) another person cohabiting with the person in a conjugal relationship that is not a legal marriage ;
( C ) a child , including a stepchild and an adoptive child , of the person ;
( D ) a parent , sibling , grandparent , aunt , or uncle of the person ; and
( E ) a parent or sibling of the person 's spouse .
9 AAC 52.060 .
GIFTS .
( a ) As used in the Ethics Act and this chapter , a gift is a transfer or loan of property or provision of services to a public officer for less that full value .
FACTS : Sarah Palin has failed to disclose gifts of significant value received by her and her family as defined in the Ethics Act .
Unclaimed gift :
White hand - crafted beaded vest received in 2007
In response to my January 22 , 2009 public record request for a copy of a completed and signed gift disclosure form claiming receipt of a white hand - crafted beaded vest Sarah Palin received while attending the September 2007 Institute of the North Alaska Dialogue conference in Talkeetna , the office of the governor replied on February 20 , 2009 that they were working on generating an estimate of its value .
I have yet to receive a completed and signed disclosure form that claims Palin 's receipt of a white hand - crafted beaded vest .
Final Report on the 2007 Alaska Dialogue ( pg 8 ) 2007 Alaska Dialogue Photo Gallery ( PowerPoint Slide Show in pdf format ) Unclaimed and undisclosed gifts : Palin / Heath family travel received in 2008 Documents show Sarah Palin and her immediate family have claimed gifts of free travel between the end of August and the beginning of November of 2008 .
However , other members of the Palin / Heath family , as 2 defined by the Alaska Ethics Act , also received free travel during that same period .
Inconsistently , those travel gifts received by Palin 's family have not been claimed .
Unclaimed and undisclosed gift : John Coale professional services starting in 2008 On March 29th , 2009 Greta Van Susteren penned a piece for her GretaWire website titled Huh ? ( attached ) ( http://gretawire.foxnews.com/2009/03/29/huh-5/)
That website has since been changed and the article has been deleted .
But , a copy of the original article is attached to the complaint .
Here is an excerpt of Ms. Susteren speaking about her husband John Coale providing free professional consulting and legal advice to Governor Sarah Palin on how to deal with lawsuits , ethics complaints and unfair attacks by the media :
Yes , he advised her - after the election - how to set up a PAC ( big deal - it is common - routine - for politicians to set up a PAC - virtually every politician has one set up and there is nothing wrong with them .
and incidentally , the PAC was created to pay travel bills she had accumulated and would accumulate in the future and to contribute to other candidates .
and the Pac was not to be her chief political advisers which is what the article accuses . )
And yes , he thought it wrong the way she was attacked in the media .
As a matter of fact , so did I think she was treated unfairly by the media ( I do n't like gratuitous attacks .issues , yes .. but not gratuitous attacks ) and I am not the only one who thought that in the media .
My husband helped with the PAC - I did not - AFTER the election when she was not running for office but trying to dig herself out from lawsuits , ethics complaints and unfair attacks by the media .
Big deal .
So he was nice to her and wanted to help her and did help her .
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2009/03/20/greta-my-husband-is-not-a_n_177262.html
http://voices.washingtonpost.com/thefix/eye-on-2012/palins-team.html
July 18 , 2009 Newsweek reports while speaking about official State of Alaska business : ( attached )
One of the main reasons Sarah Palin is stepping down as governor , say associates , is her large , unpaid legal bill .
Her successor , Lt. Gov. Sean Parnell , says she is worried about " the cost of all the ethics investigations and the like . "
But is that really the reason ?
John Coale , a Washington lawyer who helped Palin set up a legaldefense fund and PAC , tells NEWSWEEK the fund is " well on its way " to paying off $ 500,000 in legal debt from the campaign and another $ 100,000 in bills incurred later , leaving questions about how big a part money woes played in her decision to resign .
( Are Legal Bills To Blame ) http://www.newsweek.com/id/207398?from=rss
Unclaimed and undisclosed gifts : UNKNOWN as per Sarah Palin June 15 , 2009 letter ( attached )
" There are boxes of unopened mail at this point , even mail that was delivered in 2008 .
Thus , as initially disclosed , 'we continue to open boxes ' and we consider any parcel " received " at the time it is opened . "
The AK Ethics
Act mandates that gifts be claimed within 30 days of receipt .
More than enough time has passed for these gifts received in 2008 to be claimed .
Sarah Palin 's blatant disregard for our laws must be addressed as the public 's right to know has been infringed upon regarding gifts received by the governor .
I ask that the following be strongly and seriously considered when reviewing this complaint :
Sec. 39.52.410 .
Violations ; penalties for misconduct .
( c) If the personnel board determines that a former public officer has violated this chapter , it shall
(1 ) issue a public statement of its findings , conclusions , and recommendation ; and
( 2 ) request the attorney general to exercise all legal and equitable remedies available to the state to seek whatever relief is appropriate .
Based on these facts , Governor Sarah Palin violated the AK Executive Branch Ethics
Act by not claiming and disclosing gifts properly or timely .
We deserve to know who plied their governor with gifts .
The scope of the ethics code states that each public officer holds office as a public trust .
For Sarah Palin to intentional and willfully hide those gifts is a violation of that trust .
To blatantly refuse to comply with Alaska ethics and public financial disclosure laws and is a travesty .
I 'm requesting that this complaint be forwarded to the Alaska Personnel Board .
Thank you for your prompt attention .
Please do n't hesitate to contact me with your concerns .
© AlaskaReport.com
All Rights Reserved .
About The Author Sergey Chikuyonok is a Russian front - end web - developer and writer with a big passion on optimization : from images and JavaScript effects to working process and … More about Sergey Chikuyonok …
Clever JPG Optimization Techniques
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
When people talk about image optimization , they consider only the limited parameters offered by popular image editors , like the “ Quality ” slider , the number of colors in the palette , dithering and so on .
Also , a few utilities , such as OptiPNG and jpegtran , manage to squeeze extra bytes out of image files .
All of these are pretty well - known tools that provide Web developers and designers with straightforward techniques of image optimization .
In this article , we ’ll show you a different approach to image optimization , based on how image data is stored in different formats .
Let ’s start with the JPG format and a simple technique called the eight - pixel grid .
You may also want to take a look at the following related posts :
Eight - Pixel Grid
As you already know , a JPG image consists of a series of 8×8 pixel blocks , which can be especially visible if you set the JPEG “ Quality ” parameter too low .
How does this help us with image optimization ?
Consider the following example :
32×32 pixels , Quality : 10 ( in Photoshop ) , 396 bytes .
Both white squares are the same size : 8×8 pixels .
Although the Quality is set low , the lower - right corner looks fuzzy ( as you might expect ) and the upper - left corner looks nice and clean .
How did that happen ?
To answer this , we need to look at this image under a grid :
As you can see , the upper - left square is aligned into an eight - pixel grid , which ensures that the square looks sharp .
When saved , the image is divided into blocks of 8×8 pixels , and each block is optimized independently .
Because the lower - right square does not match the grid cell , the optimizer looks for color indexes averaged between black and white ( in JPEG , each 8× 8 block is encoded as a sine wave ) .
This explains the fuzz .
Many advanced utilities for JPEG optimization have this feature , which is called selective optimization and results in co-efficients of different quality in different image regions and more saved bytes .
This technique is especially useful for saving rectangular objects .
Let ’s see how it works with a more practical image :
13.51 KB .
12.65 KB .
In the first example , the microwave oven is randomly positioned .
Before saving the second file , we align the image with the eight - pixel grid .
Quality settings are the same for both : 55 .
Let ’s take a closer look ( the red lines mark the grid ) :
As you can see , we ’ve saved 1 KB of image data simply by positioning the image correctly .
Also , we made the image a little “ cleaner , ” too .
Color Optimization
This technique is rather complicated and works only for certain kinds of images .
But we ’ll go over it anyway , if only to learn the theory .
First , we need to know which color model is being used for the JPEG format .
Most image formats are in the RGB color model , but JPEG can also be in YCbCr , which is widely used for television .
YCbCr is similar to the HSV model in the sense that YCbCr and HSV both separate lightness for which human visual system is very sensitive from chroma ( HSV should be familiar to most designers ) .
It has three components : hue , saturation and value .
The most important one for our purposes here is value , also known as lightness ( optimizers tend to compress color channels but keep the value as high as possible because the human is most sensitive to it ) .
Photoshop has a Lab color mode , which helps us better prepare the image for compression using the JPEG optimizer .
Let ’s stick with the microwave oven as our example .
There is a fine net over the door , which is a perfect sample for our color optimization .
After a simple compression , at a Quality of 55 , the file weighs 64.39 KB .
990×405 pixels , Quality : 55 ( in Photoshop ) , 64.39 KB .
Larger version .
Open the larger version of the image in Photoshop , and turn on Lab Color mode : Image >>
Mode >>
Lab Color .
Lab mode is almost , but not quite , the same as HSV and YCbCr .
The lightness channel contains information about the image ’s lightness .
The A channel shows how much red or green there is .
And the B channel handles blue and yellow .
Despite these differences , this mode allows us to get rid of redundant color information .
Switch to the Channels palette and look at the A and B channels .
We can clearly see the texture of the net , and there seems to be three blocks of differing intensities of lightness .
We are going to be making some color changes , so keeping an original copy open in a separate window will probably help .
Our goal is to smooth the grainy texture in these sections in both color channels .
This will give the optimizer much simpler data to work with .
You may be wondering why we are optimizing this particular area of the image ( the oven door window ) .
Simple : this area is made up of alternating black and orange pixels .
Black is zero lightness , and this information is stored in the lightness channel .
So , if we make this area completely orange in the color channels , we wo n’t lose anything because the lightness channel will determine which pixels should be dark , and the difference between fully black and dark orange will not be noticeable on such a texture .
Switch to the A channel , select each block separately and apply a Median filter ( Filter >> Noise >> Median ) .
The radius should be as small as possible ( i.e. until the texture disappears ) so as not to distort the glare too much .
Aim for 4 in the first block , 2 in the second and 4 in the third .
At this point , the door will look like this :
Larger version .
The saturation is low , so we ’ll need to fix this .
To see all color changes instantly , duplicate the currently active window : Window >>
Arrange >>
New Window .
In the new window , click on the Lab channel to see the image .
As a result , your working space should look like this :
The original is on the right , the duplicate on the left and the workplace at the bottom .
Select all three blocks in the A channel in the workplace , and call up the Levels window ( Ctrl+L or Image >>
Adjustments >> Levels ) .
Move the middle slider to the left so that the color of the oven ’s inside in the duplicate copy matches that of the original ( I got a value of 1.08 for the middle slider ) .
Do the same with the B channel and see how it looks :
990×405 pixels , Quality : 55 ( in Photoshop ) , 59.29 KB Large version
As you can see , we removed 5 KB from the image ( it was 64.39 KB ) .
Although the description of this technique looks big and scary , it only takes about a minute to perform : switch to the Lab color model , select different regions of color channels and use the Median filter on them , then do some saturation correction .
As mentioned , this technique is more useful for the theory behind it , but I use it to fine - tune large advertising images that have to look clean and sharp .
Common JPG Optimization Tips
We ’ll finish here by offering some useful optimization tips .
Every time you select the image compression quality , be deliberate in your choice of the program you use for optimization .
JPEG standards are strict : they only determine how an image is transformed when reduced file size .
But the developer decides what exactly the optimizer does .
For example , some marketers promote their software as offering the best optimization , allowing you to save files at a small size with high Quality settings , while portraying Photoshop as making files twice as heavy .
Do not get taken in .
Each program has its own Quality scale , and various values determine additional optimization algorithms .
The only criterion by which to compare optimization performance is the quality to size ratio .
If you save an image with a 55 to 60 Quality in Photoshop , it will look like and have the same size as files made with other software at , say , 80 Quality .
Never save images at 100 quality .
This is not the highest possible quality , but rather only a mathematical optimization limit .
You will end up with an unreasonably heavy file .
Saving an image with a Quality of 95 is more than enough to prevent loss .
Keep in mind that when you set the Quality to under 50 in Photoshop , it runs an additional optimization algorithm called color down - sampling , which averages out the color in the neighboring eight - pixel blocks :
48×48 pixels , Quality : 50 ( in Photoshop ) , 530 bytes .
48×48 pixels , Quality : 51 ( in Photoshop ) , 484 bytes .
So , if the image has small , high - contrast details in the image , setting the Quality to at least 51 in Photoshop is better .
In a quarter where markets rebounded sharply from the depths of the bear market , India , Turkey and Argentina had the best - performing benchmark indexes in their respective regions .
India and Argentina , driven partly by election gains , took top honors in Asia and the Americas .
The race in Europe came down to the wire , as Turkey won by a nose over Russia , whose benchmark index nearly took the lead on the quarter 's last day .
In ...
By Jonathan Amos
Science reporter , BBC News
It will be the most valuable science launch in European spaceflight history
One of the most important launches in European spaceflight history is about to take place in French Guiana .
Two telescopes with a combined value of 1.9bn euros ( £ 1.7bn ) are being sent into orbit on a single Ariane rocket .
The Herschel and Planck observatories will probe the sky to glean new information about the origins and evolution of the cosmos .
The ride into space from the Kourou spaceport should last just under half an hour .
The astronomical satellites will then separate from the rocket more than 11,000 km above the Earth and take separate paths out to observing positions some 1.5 million km from the planet on its " night - side " .
" This is the result of many years ' hard work by thousands of scientists and engineers across Europe , " said European Space Agency ( Esa ) director - general Jean - Jacques Dordain .
" The technology onboard these satellites is unique , and the science these satellites will do is fantastic , " he told BBC News on the eve of the launch .
The scheduled lift - off is timed for 1312 GMT ( 1412 BST ; 1512 CEST ) .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Herschel is the largest telescope anyone has yet tried to put in space .
Its 3.5 m - diameter primary mirror is one - and - a - half - times the size of Hubble 's main reflector .
Such size would ordinarily incur a huge weight penalty but the Herschel mirror has been kept to just 350 kg by constructing it from silicon carbide , a novel ceramic material .
HERSCHEL SPACE TELESCOPE
Herschel will be released first from the Ariane rocket 's upper - stage
The observatory is tuned to see the Universe in the far - infrared Its 3.5 m diameter mirror will be the largest ever flown in space Herschel can probe clouds of gas and dust to see stars being born
It will investigate how galaxies have evolved through time
The mission will end when all the superfluid helium boils off
Telescope seeks cold cosmos
The telescope will be sensitive to far - infrared and sub-millimetre ( radio ) wavelengths of light , allowing it to peer through clouds of dust and gas to see stars at the moment they are born .
This infrared capability will also enable Herschel to look deep into space , to gaze at those galaxies that thrived when the Universe was roughly a half to a fifth of its present age .
It is a period in cosmic history when it is thought star formation was at its most prolific .
" Herschel is going to help us understand much , much better how stars form right now and how they have been forming throughout billions of years of cosmic history ; and therefore , indirectly , it 's going to help us understand how our own Sun and our own Solar System formed , " Dr Göran Pilbratt , Esa 's Herschel project scientist , told BBC News .
The spacecraft carries an enormous flask of " superfluid " helium to chill its instruments and detectors close to minus 273C ( or " absolute zero " , the point beyond which no further cooling is possible ) .
" We are observing at long wavelengths where all warm objects glow , so we need to cool the telescope and the instruments as much as possible , otherwise the weak signals we are trying to detect from the sky will be totally swamped by radiation emitted by the telescope itself , " said Professor Matt Griffin from Herschel 's Spire instrument team .
' Uncertain ' physics Planck is a survey telescope .
It will spin to map the sky at even longer wavelengths of light - in the microwave portion of the electromagnetic spectrum .
It will make the finest ever measurements of what has become known as the Cosmic Microwave Background ( CMB ) .
The CMB is the " oldest light " in the Universe .
It is all around us and comes from a time 380,000 years after the Big Bang .
PLANCK SPACE TELESCOPE
Planck is moving at almost 10 km / s when ejected Planck will survey the famous Cosmic Microwave Background
This ancient light 's origins date to 380,000 years after the Big Bang
It informs scientists about the age , contents and shape of the cosmos Planck 's measurements will be finer than any previous satellite
The extra detail may confirm inflation , even find new physics Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Planck prepares to go super - cold Scientists say there are temperature variations in this ancient heat energy that can give them insights into the early structure of the Universe .
Planck will be the third spacecraft to investigate the CMB , after Nasa 's COBE and WMAP satellites .
" Planck has the sharpest sight so far ; it has the most sensitive instruments and the widest frequency range ; and it will therefore make that next big step , " explained Esa 's project scientist on the mission , Dr Jan Tauber .
" It will allow us to pin down all the basic characteristics of the Universe with very high accuracy - its age , its contents , how it evolved , its geometry , etc . "
One key question facing Planck concerns " inflation " .
This is the faster than light expansion that cosmologists believe the Universe experienced in its first , fleeting moments .
Theory predicts this event ought to be " imprinted " in the CMB and the detail should be retrievable with sufficiently sensitive instruments .
Planck is designed to have that capability .
Planck investigator Professor George Efstathiou from Cambridge University , UK , thinks the telescope could throw up fundamentally new discoveries .
" We will be probing regimes that have never been studied before where the physics is very , very uncertain , " he said .
" It 's possible we could find a signature from before the Big Bang ; or it 's possible we could find the signature of another Universe and then we'd have experimental evidence that we are part of a multi-verse . "
Major investment Herschel and Planck are two separate entities but were developed as part of a single programme within the European Space Agency .
Their construction was led by the French - Italian outfit Thales Alenia Space , which sub - contracted work to about 100 other firms including Europe 's biggest space company , EADS Astrium .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Although the formal build of both telescopes only began eight years ago , their genesis goes back much further .
They are both a consequence of Esa 's " Horizon 2000 " roadmap initiated in 1985 to define the agency 's scientific priorities at that time .
Herschel itself can trace its lineage to a 1982 workshop held in Noordwijkerhout , Holland , where the case for a far - infrared space observatory was first sketched out .
Esa 's commitment to Herschel and Planck totals 1.2bn euros which includes the cost of the Ariane launcher and the continued operation of the telescopes in the coming years .
Agency member states have contributed a further 700 m euros for the telescopes ' instruments .
The UK , for example , has put additional investment into the Cardiff University - led consortium that built Herschel 's SPIRE instrument .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The 1.9 bn - euro total makes Herschel and Planck the highest value payload Esa 's science division has ever put on a single rocket .
As is customary with institutional launches , neither telescope is insured .
" Ariane is a superb launcher but it is still a complex machine , and the difference between success and failure can be tiny , " said Mr Dordain .
" There is a mixture of serenity - because we have done every test that we can do - but also anxiety - because it is always risky to launch such satellites towards deep space . "
Herschel and Planck take many weeks to get to their observation stations
These are at a special location known as the second Lagrange point ( L2 ) Gravity conditions at L2 allow for cheap ( in fuel terms ) orbital corrections Environmental conditions ( heat & radiation ) are more stable than at Earth L2 takes its name from its discoverer , Joseph - Louis Lagrange ( 1736 -1813 )
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Combined MPG : 18
Trade - in value : $ 3,800
Verdict : Sell it yourself
The rule of thumb to figure out if your vehicle qualifies for the government 's new " cash for clunkers " program is :
If it gets a combined city / highway fuel economy of 18 miles per gallon and has a trade - in value less than $ 4,500 it probably makes the grade .
But just because your vehicle qualifies for the program does n't mean you should actually take advantage of it .
In some cases , you could still do better without it .
Take a 2001 Mustang Bullitt GT .
With an estimated combined city and highway fuel economy of 18 miles per gallon , the Mustang GT could get you a $ 4,500 voucher for a new car with better fuel economy .
But considering that Mustang fans would be appalled at the idea of tossing a special edition GT coupe into the maw of a car crusher , there is a better way :
Sell it yourself .
Since trade - in value represents , essentially , the " wholesale " cost of a new car , you can generally do much better by selling the car directly to a new owner , bypassing the middle man .
In this case , selling it yourself would net you about $ 5,500 .
Whether that extra $ 1,000 -- and the pleasure of knowing the car will live on -- is worth all the trouble is up to you .
We 've selected a swath of popular vehicles and determined whether or not their owners should take advantage of " cash for clunkers . "
In all of these examples , the estimated values are calculated by Kelley Blue Book , assuming , except where otherwise noted , a base - model vehicle with standard equipment that is in " Fair " condition and has been driven about 15,000 miles a year .
We 're also assuming you can qualify for the maximum $ 4,500 credit on your new car .
Click through for a look at the sometimes surprising verdicts on a few more vehicles .
Scoreboard in 2009 ( top ) and in previous years ( bottom )
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
The Magazine answers ...
For 132 years the scoreboards at Wimbledon have billed female tennis players as " Miss " or " Mrs " , so why have the titles been dropped ?
Wimbledon has always been known for its strict standards of etiquette .
Organisers of the tournament like things to be done just so , like insisting players wear predominantly white .
But nothing is sacred and some traditions have been scrapped in recent years .
Players have not had to bow or curtsy to the royal box when entering and leaving Centre Court since 2003 .
THE ANSWER
To avoid confusion if sisters play
To achieve parity between men and women 's games
This year another formality has been dropped .
For the first time in the tournament 's 132 - year history female tennis players are no longer referred to as " Miss " or " Mrs " on scoreboards , with first names being used instead .
Insiders suggest the tradition has been dropped to bring the women 's game in line with the men's , and because not using first names can become confusing if sisters are playing each other .
The All England Lawn Tennis Club , which organises the tournament , says there is no official reason for the change .
" There is no official line on this , " says a spokeswoman for Wimbledon .
" It 's something that we 've just changed this year .
It 's actually gone completely unnoticed , until now . "
But there has been some speculation about why the change has been made .
Modern game
" It 's probably to make it easier when sisters play each other , " says one insider .
" Also it could be about bringing the women into line with the men , after all they get paid the same now . "
Up until this year women players had been referred to as " Miss " or " Mrs " and no first names were used , according to the All England Club .
The title " Ms " has never been used .
When the Williams sisters played each other , the initials from their first names were used to differentiate who was who .
But the use of titles has not been completely consigned to the record books .
Women players are still referred to as " Miss " or " Mrs " by umpires during games .
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
A regular part of the BBC News Magazine , Who , What , Why ?
aims to answer some of the questions behind the headlines
The change has been implemented without fuss or fanfare , unlike the tradition of bowing to the royal box when entering and leaving Centre Court .
This change was made at the request of the Duke of Kent , patron of the All England Lawn Tennis Club , who said it no longer fitted in with the modern game .
Some players objected to the tradition being scrapped and it made the headlines .
It was also big news when it was announced two years ago that women would receive the same amount in prize money at Wimbledon as male competitors .
Thank you to eagle - eyed Magazine reader Richard Breese for spotting this change .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
5月版 Firefoxのプチフリーズ問題から始まった大論争
小崎資広
2009/6/1
今回メインのネタとして取り上げ たFirefox の「プチフリーズ問題」ですが、その後調べたところ、WindowsやMacでも問題になっているようですね。「firefox sqlite」で検索するといっぱいヒットしました。
今回の件は、アプリケーションのミスでもカーネル側で無理やり何とかしてしまうLinuxの実利主義の真骨頂が表れたんじゃないかと僕は思っています。皆さんはどう思いますか？
それでは、どうぞ ！
それ はFirefoxのプチフリーズ問題から始まった
すでに各方面で話題になっていますが、2.6.30のマージウィンドウでext3のトピックが荒れに荒れ、とんでもない騒ぎが起こっていました。
問題の発端は、あるFirefoxのbugzillaエントリから始まりました（ 注 1 ）。「 Linux 版Firefoxを使っているとプチフリーズが頻発して使い物にならない。原因はfsync()だ」というのです。調査の結果、fsync()
はFirefox本体が呼んでいるのではなく、Cookieなどの格納に使っていたSQLiteから呼ばれていることが分かりました。
しかし、その書き込み量はたかだか2.5Mbytes程度であり、数分単位でハングするような量ではないようにみえます。なぜこのようなことが起こるのでしょうか？
秘密は、ext3のジャーナルログの仕様とordered modeの仕様が関係していました。ext3のジャーナリングは、
メモリ上にデータ構造を作る メタデータの複製をジャーナル領域に書き込む
オリジナルのメタデータをファイルシステムに書き込む
という3段階を取ります。
2の処理順序は、1のときに構築された処理順のリスト構造で決まります。つまり、システムコール発行時にディスクへの書き込み順が決まるということです。
またordered modeは 、
A. メタデータのみをジャーナリング
B. メタデータをジャーナル領域に書き込むとき、実データがディスクに書き込まれるのを待ってから書き込みを行う
という動作を行います。
すると、この2つの仕様により、fsync()によりジャーナル処理リストの末尾要素に対してウェイト処理を行うと、結果として未処理のすべての実データ・メタデータの処理完了を待つことになります。よって、たまたま同じタイミングで別のプロセスが別のファイルに巨大な書き込みを行っていると、その巻き添えを食らって、とんでもないレスポンス劣化が発生してしまうのです。
まず指摘されたのは 、Firefoxの設計の悪さでした。たとえクラッシュに備えて各種データを書き込んでおく必要があるとしても、書き込みが終わるまでUI処理をすべて止めるのはナンセンスであり、UIスレッドからfsync()を呼ぶというやり方がそもそも間違っています。
また 、DBの書き込みという観点でいうと、メタデータで書き込み必須なのはファイルサイズのみで、更新時刻などは重要ではありません。従ってSQLiteは、fsync()ではなくfdatasync()かsync_file_range()を使うべきです。DBライブラリがfsync() とfdatasync()で速度がまったく違うことを意識していないこともオカシイわけです。
もっというと、ページ遷移ごとに2.5Mbytesの書き込みを行うこと自体、SSDのような書き込み回数に制限のある媒体では自殺行為です。つまり、どう見ても設計が考慮不足だったわけです。
これらについては 、Linuxコミュニティからの働き掛けにより、
SQLiteはfdatasync ( ) を使うように書き直す
Firefox は 3.1 （ 注 2 ）以降、オンメモリデータベースとオンディスクデータベースのハイブリッド仕様に移行し、書き込みは15〜30分に1回しかディスクに反映しないようにする
ということになりました。
■ fsync( ) 時のデータ吐き出しに議論が飛び火
普段ならここで 「アプリのバグでしたね」といって話が終わるのですが、今回はカーネル側でも「何とかできないのか」といい出す人が続出し、議論が継続します。
次に議論に上ったのは、ブロックレイヤのfsync()時の書き込み処理の効率の悪さでした。
一般にブロックレイヤは、readとwriteとで、動作をまったく変える必要があります。writeの場合は、書き込み処理が多少遅れてもその影響はユーザーには見えません。ですから、積極的にブロックレイヤでキューイングして、書き込みブロックの併合を試みるべきです。一言でいうと「async的」。しかしreadでは、即座にデバイスに読み込み要求を出すべきで、待っていても意味がありません。一言でいうと「sync的」となります。
しかし、fsync ( ) 時のデータ吐き出しは、処理自体はwriteであるにもかかわらず、すぐさま書かないといけないというsync的動作が要求されるので、少し特殊です。このため、従来のブロックレイヤではread() とfsync() のwriteに同じSYNCフラグを使っていたのですが、これがさまざまな非効率な動作を生んでいました。
1つ目は、キューのアンプラグ処理です。アンプラグとは、ブロックレイヤのリクエストキューのふたを開けて、デバイスにI/Oの発行を開始することです。ここで、fsyncの延長で書き込みを行うときに毎回アンプラグを行っており、1000ページの書き込みがあれば1000回アンプラグ（≒SCSIコマンド発行）がなされていました。せっかくアプリケーションが性能を考えて大きなバッファ単位で書き込みを行っていても、それが台無しになっていたのです。
2つ目は、CFQの次リード予測機能です。readやDirectIOのwriteの場合、あるI/Oリクエストの処理が終わったとき、すぐさま次のI/Oリクエストが隣接セクタに対して発行される可能性が高いため、即座に別のキューの処理に移るのではなく、少しの間待った方が性能が上がります。しかし、fsync()時のアンプラグでは、呼び出しプロセスはsync完了待ちで寝ています。次のリクエストは決して来ないことが分かっているのだから、待つのは無駄です。
3つ目は、リクエスト構造体のメモリ管理についてです。従来はreadとwriteの2つのメモリプールを使って管理していました。しかしこれだと、fsync()のwrite用requestが必要なとき、プールに空きがない場合、優先度の高いはずの同期リクエストが優先度の低い非同期リクエストを待つことになるので、意図どおりの順番で処理されません。別プロセスがreadを発行すると、read（同期リクエスト）はwrite（非同期リクエスト）よりも優先されるため、writeリクエストは長時間処理されない可能性があるからです。
これらの問題はブロックレイヤのメンテナ、Jens Axboeにより修正されました。
Index Linux Kernel Watch 5 月 版
Firefoxのプチフリーズ問題から始まった大論争
Page 1
それ はFirefoxのプチフリーズ問題から始まった Page 2
お前のページを共有する、抵抗は無意味だ――KSM
- stableの進ちょく
Good God .
They really are wishing and hoping for a terrorist attack .
Michael Scheuer , on Glenn Beck 's show last night :
Scheuer :
The only chance we have as a country right now is for Osama bin Laden to deploy and detonate a major weapon in the United States .
Because it 's going to take a grass - roots , bottom - up pressure .
Because these politicians prize their office , prize the praise of the media and the Europeans .
It 's an absurd situation again .
Only Osama can execute an attack which will force Americans to demand that their government protect them effectively , consistently , and with as much violence as necessary .
Beck :
Which is why , I was thinking this weekend , if I were him , that would be the last thing I would do right now .
I guess the wingnuts have given up the pretense of decency and normalcy .
Now they 're rooting for another terrorist attack , so that we stoopid Americans will finally WAKE UP ! to the nature of the evil that conspires against us ...
Actually , we 're becoming quite awake indeed .
And it is n't bin Laden who scares us right now .
More like Glenn Beck and his guests .
OSHKOSH , Wisconsin –
For one week every year , the air traffic control tower at the small airport here is the busiest in the world .
And today is the busiest day of all for the hand - picked all - star crew of controllers who will handle more than 3,000 flights in just 10 hours .
On a normal day , Wittman Regional Airport might see a few hundred take - offs and landings .
But more than 10,000 aircraft from around the world descend on Oshkosh for the week - long AirVenture aviation show .
On a slow day the controllers might direct 1,500 flights .
Some days see more than 2,000 .
But with many of those who arrived early in the week heading home – and those coming in for the weekend arriving – Thursday is usually the busiest day of the week .
On this day last year , the tower directed 3,035 flights in just 10 hours .
That 's about 400 more than the crew at Atlanta - Hartsfield International Airport – usually the busiest in the world – handled on the same day , and the flights coming into Atlanta were spread out over 24 hours .
Oshkosh tower manager and veteran controller Wanda Adelman told Wired.com there are some bragging rights that come with the job here , " we actually beat O'Hare " she says referring to the Chicago airport which is the busiest in the region , " we beat Atlanta too , but nobody cares about Atlanta .
They just want to know that we beat O'Hare . "
That kind of pace ( and competitive spirit ) requires incredible skill , which is why only the best air traffic controllers get the gig in Oshkosh .
AirVenture is called the Super Bowl of air traffic control , but the 50 men and women directing all that traffic do n't get a ring .
They get a bright pink polo shirt that is one of the most sought - after prizes of their profession .
There are two runways at Wittman , one that runs east - west and another that runs north - south .
But during AirVenture , the Federal Aviation Administration issues a special exception that divides the runways into multiple " lanes " to handle the increased traffic .
( See the map below . )
The north - south runway ( 18 - 36 , for you pilots ) is broken into several smaller sections .
It is split down the middle so pilots can land on the left and right sides .
There are four sections marked by colored dots .
Pilots are instructed to land on a specific dot , which means two airplanes can land almost simultaneously on each half of the runway .
The east - west runway ( 09 - 27 ) also is similarly sectioned , with pilots directed to land on a specific dot .
All of this slicing and dicing of the runway allows controllers to land multiple airplanes simultaneously .
At peak traffic times , there may be as many as 10 airplanes coming or going per minute .
It 's a carefully choreographed ballet that requires the utmost attention from both the controllers and the pilots , who must read a 32 - page guideline ( .pdf ) of the procedure .
Flying into or out of Wittman during AirVenture can be unnerving for the uninitiated , as pilots often find themselves flying much closer to other airplanes than they typically would .
" We try as hard as we can to keep the noise level down , keep our voices calm " Adelman says , " because when people fly into Oshkosh it ’s a lot more traffic than they ’re used to and the anxiety level can get high . "
Controllers in the tower are joined by controllers in checkpoints in the towns of Ripon and Fisk who talk to the pilots as they get closer to Oshkosh .
Fisk is considered a " visual radar , " where instead of following blips on a screen , controllers on the ground track planes through binoculars and guide them into the airport .
Controllers on the ground in nearby Fisk track the planes through binoculars and guide them toward the airport .
We flew into Wittman on Monday aboard a Cessna 172 sandwiched between a Piper Super Cub and a Beechcraft Bonanza .
Only a half mile or so separated us as we approached Oshkosh .
A conga line of 20 airplanes stretched all the way to the airport .
It 's unusual to be so closely spaced , and everyone 's head is on a swivel to make sure no one gets too close .
About a mile from Wittman the line was broken as different airplanes were directed to different runways , then assigned to different dots on the runway .
We were told to put the Cessna down on the green dot .
Once we were on the ground , we paid a visit to the control tower .
Traffic was light – by AirVenture standards – with about 1,500 or so planes expected .
It 's a new tower this year , with a taller model which puts the controllers at 121 feet replacing the classic old brick tower ( where controllers were at 53 feet ) that came down after last year 's show .
The controllers love the view from the new tower which has rid them of a blind spot they had to deal with with the old tower , " especially the approach end of runway nine , the joke used to be that you would lose the aircraft underneath the trees " Adelman recalls , " when they would go down below the trees a Mooney would go in and a Cessna would go out . "
Inside , there are two teams of controllers at any given time .
Each team has two people .
One keeps watch over the airfield and the airspace through binoculars and relays information to the other person , who communicates with the pilots .
It feels like controlled chaos inside the tower .
Controllers are talking a mile a minute as they track many more airplanes than they would on a normal day .
Yet everyone is cool and calm .
Everyone 's wearing pink , of course .
One unique aspect of flying into AirVenture is pilots are instructed not to talk back to the tower .
Instead , pilots are told to rock their wings to acknowledge they understand what the controller is telling them without clogging up the radio with excess chatter .
Despite all the traffic and the frantic pace on the runway , there has never been an air - to - air accident at AirVenture .
We recorded some audio from the control tower on Monday to put you in there with us .
Download it here . ( .mp3 )
* Photos and map copyright Experimental Aircraft Association / AirVenture .
*
A formation flies over the control tower at AirVenture , which for the week of the show is the busiest in the world .
Recently I came across the issue of Cross - Domain ajax requests .
Since I am a mootools lover I started looking over for some adapter that can help me do that .
I came across many solutions which apperantly seemed to work .
The flXHR , Fjax they all seemed to be there but I was already using mootools in my project right ?
Why should I write the boiler plate onreadystatus change when its already done !
Ok then I there must be adapter for these .
And guess what flXHR provided adapters of Prototype , jQuery , Dojo , but not mootools .
So I took up the headache reading up the checked out Git of mootools Request.js and fortunately it provided me with a well crafted interface exactly same as XMLHTTPRequest ( except few things which were obviously to be cross - domain specific ) .
So I have implemented a XDomain ( Cross domain adapter for flXHR ) .
You can enjoy the treat demo here .
Download mooflXHR file here .
Dependecies :
Mootools
flXHR
The adapter provides with a mooflXHR object and a mooflXHR .JSON object .
Both of them are excatly following the same API as that of Request and Request .
JSON respectively .
In options you can specify an additional option of XDomain .
This XDomain object will be passed to the constructor of flXHR providing you the ability to customize the power of flXHR without breaking the Request style abstraction .
A simple example can be :
var mooflProxy = new mooflXHR .
JSON ( { XDomain : { noCacheHeader : false , loadPolicyURL : " http://search.yahooapis.com/crossdomain.xml " } , url : " http://search.yahooapis.com/ImageSearchService/V1/imageSearch " , method : " GET " , onSuccess : doFoo , on Failure : dontFoo } ) ;
Hope you enjoy the XDomain .
Concerns over terms of Rumaila field contract as war - torn state opens up rights to huge energy assets for first time in 40 years
A BP - led consortium has won the rights to develop Iraq 's largest oil field after an exhaustive tender process that opens the brittle state 's huge gas and oil assets to foreign exploration for the first time in almost 40 years .
BP and its Chinese partner CNPC clinched a deal to join an Iraqi state - owned enterprise to develop the Rumaila field in Iraq 's south – the largest of the country 's six giant oil sites .
Rumaila 's reserves are estimated at close to 18bn barrels .
Under the terms of the 20 - year contract , BP and CNPC have six years to increase production at Rumaila to a minimum output target of 2.85 m barrels per day .
Iraq 's oil minister , Hussein al - Shahristani , said BP and CNPC had agreed to be paid $ 2 ( £ 1.21 ) per barrel if they reached the target — significantly less than their asking price of $ 3.99 per barrel .
However , the company later claimed it was satisfied with the deal .
Analysts said Rumaila was the most attractive of the eight contracts on offer in the auction .
BP 's offer was the only one accepted by the Iraqis .
The other bids were rejected because they sought more profit than the oil ministry was prepared to give away .
Analysts said that many of the oil companies involved in the bidding believed they would struggle to break even under the terms on offer .
Samuel Ciszuk , from Global Insight , said the auction was a " flop " , blaming the Iraqis for overestimating how much oil companies were prepared to risk for a slice of its oil fields .
" The Iraqis thought that interest would be so big that oil companies would come in no matter the price . "
It is not clear whether the Iraqis will lower their demands to secure takers for the seven remaining contracts in the first licensing round .
Iraqi public opinion is very hostile to the idea of foreign companies profiting from its oil , limiting the government 's room for manoeuvre .
" We are happy to be awarded this contract and look forward to working with the Iraqi government in the future , " said Michael Daly , BP vice - president of exploration and new business development .
The much anticipated licensing round offers access to six giant and super - giant oil fields and two gas fields .
Iraq has total oil reserves of 115bn barrels , placing it near the top of the global list of known verifiable undeveloped reserves .
Just under 40 % is up for grabs in the landmark auction .
The televised bidding , launched today at Baghdad 's al - Rasheed hotel , marked the first time since 1972 that foreign energy companies had been allowed to consolidate their influence in Iraq .
Its oil reserves were nationalised seven years before Saddam Hussein seized power in 1979 and all foreign companies expelled .
Since the fall of Hussein six years ago , they have returned to make inroads , but have until now not been allowed to stake a claim for exploration rights .
Even now , the process is proving cumbersome , with disputes over the fixed price companies would receive clouding the bidding .
All deals have to be joint ventures with state - owned companies , primarily the South Oil Company , which runs the vast fields in and around Basra , and the North Oil Company , which governs the Kurdish north of Iraq .
The process has attracted offers from 31 firms including European and American heavyweights Exxon Mobil and Shell .
China is leading an Asian surge , with its privatised companies keen to seize on the state 's insatiable demand for old energy .
Indian , South Korean and Indonesian representatives are also in town .
The hard bargain being driven by Iraq came amid a concession by prime minister Nouri al - Maliki that allowing joint private ventures into the heavily protected Iraqi oil industry would bail out the country 's desperately underfunded economy .
Maliki admitted Iraq needed the money to rebuild the economy after three decades of dictatorship , wars and sanctions , which have left a society deprived of most essential services – including oil infrastructure .
" These contracts are needed for the reconstruction of Iraq , " he said .
" They are for the benefit of Iraqis and the companies . "
Cities Must Become More Resilient to Survive
The idea that cities are greener than suburbs has gotten a lot of attention lately .
But a recently published book argues that in a future of diminishing resources , cities themselves are going to have to become much more efficient and inventive if they are to be sustainable — indeed , if they are to survive at all .
The book is " Resilient Cities , " by Peter Newman — the man who coined the term " automobile dependence " — Timothy Beatley and Heather Boyer .
As Streetsblog Network member The Dirt ( the blog of the American Society of Landscape Architects ) writes , Newman and his colleagues say that some radical changes will be necessary if the world ’s cities are to avoid the worst - case scenarios of division or collapse :
Solar Settlement , in Freiburg , Germany .
Photo via Young Germany .
" Resilient Cities " … presents a range of options to help adapt cities to lessen a dependence on petroleum , and create more resilient urban areas .
The authors argue that the urban centers that may best survive a climate and energy crisis are those that engage in long - term planning and design for resiliency , and create sustainable , inter - connected modes of transportation ; invest in renewable energy technology and smart grids ; support walkable , high - density living ; and provide for self - sufficient food production and protection of urban biodiversity . …
" It is clear that the changes needed for a resilient city are not just technology substitutions , they are in the business paradigms , the culture of the utilities , and the organization that can enable new ways of managing our cities ; every household needs to be a part of it . " …
According to Newman and his co-authors , " cities throughout history have competed by examining innovations in other cities and building upon them .
This [ … ] is the basis of wealth creation .
We see the the response to climate change and peak oil as the impetus for the next burst of innovation . "
“ Resilient Cities ” also outlines a set of specific recommendations for making existing cities more adaptable to changes in climate and energy usage .
The authors write about many concrete models of cities such as Freiburg , Germany , that are implementing the types of initiatives they deem necessary .
But will the world ’s cities be able to act decisively in time to save themselves ?
In the US , at least , they face some formidable obstacles .
Let us know what you think in the comments .
Other food for thought from around the network : Orphan Road has a post on environmentalist NIMBY - ism ; Bike Portland reports on signs of bikes going mainstream in that city ; and Austin Contrarian weighs in on whether congestion tolls are regressive .
A member of Sweden 's Pirate Party holds on May 20 , 2009 in Stockohlm a list of party candidates for the June 4 - 7 European Parliament elections .
A Swedish party which wants an Internet filesharing free - for - all , the Pirate Party , could become one of the surprise new entrants to the European parliament this week .
A Swedish party which wants an Internet filesharing free - for - all , the Pirate Party , could become one of the surprise new entrants to the European parliament this week .
The party , which also wants to beef up Internet privacy , was founded in January 2006 and quickly attracted members angered by controversial laws adopted in the Scandinavian country that criminalised filesharing and authorised monitoring of emails .
Its membership shot up after a Stockholm court on April 17 sentenced four Swedes to a year in jail for running one of the world 's biggest filesharing sites , The Pirate Bay .
" When the verdict was announced at 11:00 am , we had 14,711 members , " Rick Falkvinge , the 37 - year - old founder of the party , told AFP .
" We tripled in a week , becoming the third - biggest party in Sweden in terms of numbers .
All of a sudden we were everywhere . "
Opinion polls ahead of the June 7 European parliament elections credit the party with between 5.5 and 7.9 percent of votes , well above the four percent required to win a seat .
In the 2006 general election , held eight months after it 's creation , the Pirate Party won just 0.6 percent of votes .
" They have been very lucky because The Pirate Bay verdict came at the same time as the start of the election campaign , but I think The Pirate Party had the potential to grow anyway , " a political scientist at Gothenburg University , Ulf Bjereld , told AFP .
" The Pirate Party has taken advantage of a new cleavage in Swedish politics , about civil liberties , about who should have the right to decide over knowledge , and that 's not a left - right cleavage , " Bjereld said .
" The traditional parties have been sleeping , they have underestimated the political potential in these issues , " he added .
The European parliament election , with little at stake in Sweden and a low turnout expected , is considered the perfect opportunity for an election sensation , according to experts .
" People tend to think there are very few differences between the parties in the EU elections .
If you could have a ( unique ) profile there , it 's easier to succeed , " said Toivo Sjoeren , head of the Sifo polling institute .
The typical Pirate Party supporter is a young , male Internet buff .
According to Sifo , some 13 percent of people under 30 plan to vote for the party , compared to seven percent of those aged 30 to 49 , and only three percent of those over the age of 49 .
The party garners some 10.5 percent support among male voters , but only 1.5 percent of women .
" It 's a ' geek ' party , " admitted Brian Levinsen , a 31 - year - old member , attending a recent campaign meeting in Stockholm .
" We use Twitter , Skype , we use blogs , " explained Jan Lindgren , the party 's campaign director in Stockholm .
" There is always someone ( from the party ) online , even at 2:00 or 4:00 in the morning , " he added .
Many members say they joined not only because they are die - hard fans of the Internet and filesharing , but because they fear a " Big Brother " society .
" Sweden was built on protecting the freedom of its citizens .
This pact is now disappearing , " said Levinsen .
" They want to impose controls on what we 're saying , like in China or in North Korea .
We 're not there yet , but we 're on the way , " said Robert Nyberg , a 29 - year - old demolition worker clad in a purple tee - shirt bearing the party 's black flag .
The Pirate Party , which has sister parties in 20 countries , is also standing in the European elections in Poland and Germany .
An estimated 375 million voters across the 27 nation bloc will elect 736 deputies for a five - year term at the parliament , which has an important role passing pan-European legislation and the EU commission 's annual budget .
( c ) 2009 AFP
As mentioned in our previous post , R2D2 does appear in the new Star Trek Movie .
But where does he show up is the question .
Well , sadly the contest to win a prop from the movie is over .
Read on to find out exactly where R2D2 does appear in the new Star Trek film .
Answer after the break – ** Spoiler Alert * *
Link
R2-D2 LOCATION ANSWER (** SPOILER ALERT **)
During the Drill Machine sequence as the Enterprise comes out of its barrel role amidst destruction of the other Federation ships above Vulcan , we cut to an interior Enterprise bridge over the shoulder of Kirk that is looking out through the front viewscreen .
In space , R2 - D2 is floating in the debris from about the top middle of the screen to the bottom right .
Update 6/11 : Finally we have a picture for you !
Source
Starter kits are great timesavers for web designers and they are particularly useful for those who often create mock - ups for project pitching on daily basis .
If you are a designer - cum - programmer think of it as your code snippets
So what ’s in a starter kit ?
We think it varies – depending on what each designer routinely worked with .
For GUI designers , keeping a copy of form elements ( buttons , checkboxes , tab , drop down menus , etc ) helps speed up the process of creating screens and layouts ; on the other hand , browser ( IE , Firefox Safari ) templates with web safe area keep web designers reminded how / where they should prioritize their contents .
Experienced designers will usually customize and keep a personal version of starter kit , some might have few too !
In today ’s article , we attempt to show you some of the best design starter kit we ’ve come to know .
You can download ( for free ) and use them right away , or customize your own copy that will come in handy in future , your choice .
Full list after jump .
GUI , Form Elements and Web Components
From form elements like checkboxes , input fields , textareas to web design components like buttons , arrows , icons , badges and more .
Yahoo ’s Design Stencil Kit
Probably one of the most complete kit for designers .
GUI elements include calendars , grids , menus , mobile ( general and iphone ) , navigation and pagination , tabs , UI controls and more !
Comes in several format : OmniGraffle , Visio ( XML ) , PDF , PNG and SVG .
Web Form Elements
With all these tabs , buttons , dropdowns in one single PSD file , it ’s sure going to give you a kick start in interface design .
Courtesy of sniperyu .
Browser Form Elements PSD
Browser Form Elements PSD for Mac Firefox 3 and another for Vista IE7 .
Flex Dark Skin
Sleek dark skin interface elements .
Famfamfam Icons
Whether you are designing for web or application , you should not miss these awesome little buttons by Famfamfam .
Shortcut to : Silk , Mini and Flag collections .
Peter ’s DeivantART ID
Design ID cards made easy with this PSD template .
Deluxive Creative Pack
Distributed free by Deluxive , this creative pack PSD come inclusive of badges , grid frames , buttons , stickers and more .
Aero Avatar and SIG
Vista avatar and signature template in PSD .
Turquoise PSD
Vista elements .
Browser Screens Templates
If you are designing website in a Photoshop PSD file , it ’s important to keep each browser and visible screen in consideration .
These following PSD with different version of Firefox , IE and Safari web safe area will come in handy .
Browser Web Safe Area
Web safe area for Safari , IE and Firefox in different operating systems , all in downloadable PSD file .
Shortcut to : Mac OS X – Safari , Firefox .
Windows Vista – IE , Firefox , Windows XP – IE , Firefox
960px Photoshop Grid Template
PSD grid template in 960 px width to prevent yourself from composing with edges of the screen that may / may not actually be where you plan them to be .
( More ) Browser Templates
If you are looking for even more browser templates ( PSD ) , webdesignerstoolkit ’s collection should be what you are looking for .
These folks has templates for Opera , Camino and classic browsers like iCan , Netscape and Mozilla .
Web Browser Elements
Free standard HTML form elements or browser windows for Windows , and Mac OSX .
Shortcut to : Mac OS X – Safari , Firefox .
Windows Vista – IE , Firefox , Windows XP – IE , Firefox
Browser Screens and Website Elements
Exclusive freebie Vector Pack from VectorTuts .
It ’s a useful set of vector website assets you can use to mock up your client projects , present your work , or get a quick visual while laying out websites .
Quommunication Starter Kit
If you are looking to kick of designing in PSD with a minial and basic PSD as guidance , Quommunication ’s starter kit is probably what you are looking for .
It comes with color templates , browser web safe area and basic form components all in one PSD .
Cursors
A typical screen capture ( print screen ) will not include the cursor in the output .
If you depend on the cursor to help indicate and describe an image better , these following PSD packs might help .
Polished Graphite
2 sets of different mouse cursors by usedHONDA .
Photoshop Cursor Pack
Useful for those who create Photoshop Tutorials .
Product Design
i Phone GUI PSD 3.0
The image below gives you a clear idea what this PSD file consist .
Utmost useful to mock any iPhone development interfaces .
Created by teehanlax .
Here ’s another one for the older version of iPhone .
i Phone PSD
High resolution iPhone interface .
Here ’s for those who are looking for first gen iPhone interface .
Magazine PSD
If you are presenting something in magazine style , you will want to start with this PSD .
Paperbag
DVD Plastic Case
Our collection of beautiful CD and DVD cases PSD templates .
Documents and Letters
More for Designers
Looking for more design - related downloads ?
Check out some of our previous posts :
Authorities in Livingston Parish , Louisiana say a deputy acted appropriately in trying to arrest a man at a traffic stop who died while in custody .
Dash cam video of deadly traffic stop releasedUpdated : July 10 , 2009 07:21 AMBy Tyana Williams - bio | emailLIVINGSTON , LA ( WAFB ) - The Livingston Parish Sheriff 's Office has released the dash cam video of a deadly traffic stop and in doing so said its deputies followed procedure .
The video shows Deputy Chris Sturdivant as he pulls over 42 - year - old Adam Stogner .
The tape starts with the deputy asking Stogner for his license .
It ends with an officer asking the man if he 's still breathing .
Chief Deputy Jason
Ard says when the video starts Adam Stogner did not put his truck in park .
They say that backs up the reason he was pulled over .
The deputy believed he was impaired .
On the tape , there is audio of the deputy asking for Stogner 's license .
" What you got in your hand ?
the deputy then asks .
" Give me your hand , " he demands .
" I do n't have nothing in my hand , " Stogner responds .
" I swear to you .
" The media watched the video with Ard and several other law enforcement agents .
" Pay attention to the subject 's right hand , " Ard said .
On the dash cam video , the deputy tells Stogner to open his hand .
Deputies say they believe Stogner was holding a baggy of narcotics in his right hand .
The tape shows Stogner moving something from one hand to the other and placing it in his mouth .
" Did you see him put it in his mouth ?
Ard asks .
" Right there and this is where the struggle starts , " he points out .
" Spit it out ! " the deputy tells Stogner .
All this is happening while the deputy was trying to handcuff the man .
The deputy does get one cuff on , but because the two seem to be in a wrestling match , Ard says that loose cuff can be a weapon .
At several points , there are images of what looks like the deputy hitting Stogner .
The sheriff 's office says another time it looks like Stogner is crawling toward the interstate with the deputy on his back .
And again , it appears the deputy hits the man .
" He was appropriate in his actions .
He followed departmental protocol in trying to arrest a subject who tried to resist , " Ard said .
Only after two more deputies arrive on scene is Stogner completely cuffed .
Keep in mind , the baggy is still in his mouth .
It 's then that one of the deputies notices Stogner is having trouble breathing and calls for medical help .
" Is he breathing ? " one of the deputies asked .
" I do n't know , " another answered .
Deputies say Stogner later died along Interstate 12 .
Deputies did start CPR until EMS arrived .
Peter John , the family 's lawyer , says only one thing is clear from the tape .
He says Adam Stogner never tried to hit the deputy .
" Adam got his butt beat , okay , ' cause he 's all bruised up and dead , " John said .
" Is that justified by what the officer wanted out of his hand ?
" Stogner 's family 's attorney says the family plans to conduct its own autopsy and investigation .
Preliminary results from the Livingston Parish coroner show Stogner died from severe coronary artery disease , an enlarged heart , and a fracture of the hyoid bone in his neck .
Dr. Ron
Coe says the fracture may be due to force being applied to that area .
Dr. Coe says Stogner also tested positive for methamphetamine .
The coroner also said the death was accidental .
Louisiana State Police have been called in to assist the sheriff 's office in investigating this case .
Bernhard Kohl , the Austrian cyclist who finished third in last year 's Tour de France before testing positive for a previously undetectable form of EPO , has revealed the extent of his doping practices , and claimed the much - vaunted biological passport programme of the International Cycling Union ( UCI ) is ineffective in ­catching cheats .
In an interview with L'Equipe , Kohl admitted that , as well as taking Cera , a so - called third generation EPO , he performed illegal blood transfusions during last year 's Tour , in which he was crowned King of the Mountains .
He also claimed a culture of doping is still prevalent in the sport , and that , in his opinion , any rider who finished in the top 10 of last year 's race was likely to have doped .
On the biological passports , Kohl said : " The top riders are so professional in their doping that they know very well they have to keep their blood values stable [ so as ] not to be detected .
The UCI sent us the values resulting from the controls : we thus referred to those to mark the next ones .
In a way , the passport almost helped us . "
Kohl said that his manager , Stefan Matschiner , flew to France three times during last year 's
Tour , providing half - litre bags of the cyclist 's blood , which had been withdrawn prior to the race .
" By re-injecting half a litre of blood the blood parameters are not subject to suspect variation . "
He added : " I did not cheat anyone in the peloton , be sure of that – there is like a social organisation [ of doping ] within the ­peloton , these things are accepted . "
The UCI , which launched the passport last year , claiming that it represented a new frontier in the fight against doping , has come under fire for a perceived lack of progress .
So far , despite huge investment , it has failed to produce a single positive case .
But Michael Ashenden , one of the UCI 's panel of experts charged with overseeing the passports , countered Kohl 's claims .
Ashenden suggested the first positive cases would be revealed " within the next few weeks " .
There is speculation that they could even come as early as today , with the UCI president , Pat McQuaid , due to hold a press conference in Paris with the organisers of the Tour and the French anti-doping agency .
Asked whether the press conference could be linked to the first biological passport cases , Ashenden said : " I ca n't comment on that . "
Attacking Kohl 's claims that riders know how to get around the biological passports , Ashenden said : " I do n't accept , without knowing what his [ passport ] profile looked like , that it was n't suspicious .
It may have been , it may not have been .
" There is an international focus on the UCI right now because they 're seen as the first [ sporting ] federation to [ establish a biological ] passport .
With that comes a lot of pressure to get it right .
The delay we 're seeing [ in terms of the first positive cases ] is to make sure every element is cross checked and verified before the case is brought , to make sure there 's nothing that causes a case to be thrown out on a technicality .
But I think you 'll find in the next weeks there will be announcements . "
Among Kohl 's claims were that " micro- dosing " of EPO was undetectable , even by the passports .
The Austrian said tiny doses of EPO added to his own blood – before it was re-transfused – meant that illegal blood transfusions could not be detected .
" I can understand the rationale behind that , " Ashenden said .
" [ But ] it would then make the athlete prone to being caught for EPO , which we can detect .
There 's a trade - off : you can transfuse blood and risk being caught by the passport , or use EPO and risk being caught for that .
" Of course it 's possible that riders could find a way around the passport .
It would be naive to sit back and think they 're not going to try to find a way around it .
They 've tried to do that every time we 've brought in a new test in the past and I expect they 'll do that every time we bring in a new test in future .
But the passport is the best strategy we have ; it 's not perfect , but it 's the best we 've got . "
Sleep is n’t just a chunk of time carved out to recharge for the following day .
Increasingly , scientific evidence shows life and sleep are woven together like 800 - thread - count sheets .
How people fare during their waking hours has a lot to do with how they sleep -- and vice versa .
Income , employment status , relationship satisfaction and hobbies all affect sleep , according to research presented last week in Seattle at the annual meeting of the Associated Professional Sleep Societies .
And sleep affects health , relationships and decision - making .
“ Sleep is related to everything , ” said Michael Grandner , a fellow at the Center for Sleep and Respiratory Neurobiology at the University of Pennsylvania .
Some news from the meeting :
Advertisement
Who ca n’t sleep ?
In one presentation , Grandner reviewed responses from 159,856 people who participated in a government survey -- one of the largest to gather data on sleep difficulties .
Overall , one in five people reported problems with sleep on seven of the 14 nights before the survey .
Grandner found little difference among racial and ethnic groups , except for people of Asian ethnicity , who had far fewer problems .
But people in lower socioeconomic levels , especially women , reported more problems .
So did divorced and separated people , especially divorced and separated men .
And men who described themselves as homemakers reported sleep problems on par with people who were unemployed ( who had high rates of problems ) .
Perhaps most surprising , the worst sleep seems to occur in men and women ages 18 to 24 .
“ The story with age is fascinating , ” Grandner said .
“ Usually , the common knowledge is that as you get older you have more sleep problems .
We found pretty much the opposite . ”
Advertisement
It could be that older people are accustomed to sleep disturbances and do n’t complain about them , he said .
But it still remains to be seen why so many young , ostensibly healthy people are missing out on their sweet dreams .
Cooling the brain : Treatments for insomnia include medications and lifestyle changes , neither of which appeal to some people .
But research on a nondrug treatment is underway .
Insomnia seems to be caused by excessive metabolic activity in the brain ’s frontal cortex .
For deep , refreshing sleep to occur , the frontal cortex has to rest , said Dr. Eric Nofzinger , a professor of psychiatry at the University of Pittsburgh .
Research on brain injuries has shown that cooling the brain reduces metabolic activity .
Nofzinger and his colleagues decided to try the same concept on insomnia by designing a device that gently cools the frontal cortex during sleep .
Advertisement
In a pilot study of eight patients , five showed activity reductions in that brain area .
Six of the eight reported they slept better .
“ They had increased slow - wave sleep , which is the deepest sleep , ” Nofzinger said .
The device is a cap worn over the forehead containing tubes that circulate cool water .
Nofzinger has started a company to advance the research beyond these preliminary stages .
( The study was small , and reports of better sleep could be a placebo effect . )
“ Insomnia is widely prevalent , ” Nofzinger said .
“ And when you look at patient preferences , the majority would prefer a nonpharmaceutical therapy . ”
Bedtime and depression :
When parents mandate early bedtimes for teenagers , they may help reduce the teens ’ risk for depression and suicidal thoughts , researchers from Columbia University found .
The study of 15,000 teenagers included 1,143 who had depression and 2,038 who had experienced suicidal thoughts .
Those with parental - mandated bedtimes of midnight or later were 25 % more likely to suffer from depression and 20 % more likely to have suicidal thoughts .
The study supports the idea that inadequate sleep could lead to depression , said the lead author , James Gangwisch .
Advertisement
Happy , rested couples :
The quality of a couple ’s sleep and relationship tend to follow the same trajectory , researchers said .
On a day - to - day basis , a couple ’s relationship affects how well they sleep .
And how well they sleep affects how the relationship functions the following day .
Researchers at the University of Arizona studied 29 heterosexual , co-sleeping couples who did not have children .
Each person completed sleep diaries for seven days and was also asked to record , six times a day , the quality of interactions with his or her partner .
The study found that , for men , better sleep was linked to more positive ratings of relationship quality the next day .
For women , negative interactions with a partner during the day led to poorer - quality sleep that night for both woman and man .
The study ’s take - home message , lead investigator Brant Hasler said , is to settle conflicts before going to bed and avoid confrontational discussions on a day when one partner , or both , has had a bad night ’s sleep .
Sleep and school :
The importance of sleep to academic performance is one of the most robust findings in sleep research in recent years .
One study , from the University of Pittsburgh , found that math , history and English scores all correlated with sleep quality .
Different types of sleep problems , however , affected different types of function .
Higher math scores were related to greater sleep quality and fewer nighttime awakenings , whereas good English and history scores were linked to less difficulty awakening .
Advertisement
Overall , teens in the study who had regular and predictable sleep schedules coped better with short - term sleep deficits than those with a more varying and chaotic sleep schedule .
Another study , from , Hendrix College in Conway , Ark. , found that poor sleep patterns were linked to poorer academic performance and a decline in grade - point average during the transition from high school to college .
Students who were “ evening types ” had an average GPA of 2.84 in the first year of college , whereas “ morning or intermediate types ” had an average GPA of 3.18 .
--
shari.roan@latimes.com
UPDATE : For the latest on this story , see Here 's Why Amazon Bought Zappos .
This one 's a complete shocker .
Amazon has acquired the ecommerce footwear company Zappos - confirmed in an open letter from Zappos CEO Tony Hsieh .
The deal is officially for $ 807 million in Amazon stock , plus about $ 40 million in cash and restricted stock , based on the July 21st closing price ( UPDATE : with the rise in value of Amazon 's stock today , the deal is now worth more than $ 900 million ) .
Here 's the gist from the Zappos CEO letter :
This morning , our board approved and we signed what ’s known as a “ definitive agreement ” , in which all of the existing shareholders and investors of Zappos ( there are over 100 ) will be exchanging their Zappos stock for Amazon stock .
Once the exchange is done , Amazon will become the only shareholder of Zappos stock .
Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos added in a statement that " Zappos is a customer focused company .
We see great opportunities for both companies to learn from each other and create even better experiences for our customers . ”
He also created a video discussing the deal that we 've included below :
Good news , cybersecurity nerds :
You ain't running out of work , anytime soon .
As last week 's cyber panic about North Korea showed , when there is n't a teenager - simple denial - of - service attack that delays your access to a government website , there is a voracious hype machine that feeds on the tiniest slivers of data – both significant and trivial – and expels massive quantities of fear and misinformation .
And where there 's cyber fear , there 's cybersecurity work to be done .
It 's sad that this sham is allowed to continue unabated .
But worse still , it 's dangerous .
Despite the expenditure of tens of billions of dollars and countless studies on what needs to happen ( not to mention all the offices , centers and commands , that are supposed to implement those reports ) , we 're still largely screwed when it comes to threats of the online variety .
The problem is multifaceted , but can be broken down into three meta - categories :
Bullshit .
It ’s the North Koreans !
It 's the Chinese !
It 's the Ruskies out to steal our essence !
The one thing you can be sure of is that very few people know who is behind any cyberattack .
Code analysis helps to a degree ( " Hey , there are some Chinese characters in here ! " ) but code - reuse is not exactly an unknown phenomenon online .
There is no serious attribution methodology , so to some extent everyone is guessing .
Ineptitude .
There are a lot of people working on cybersecurity issues , a lot of people " managing " these issues , but not a lot of people leading on these issues .
Cybersecurity does n't lack for brainpower ; it lacks the vision , the juice and the intestinal fortitude to realize the vision .
When your focus is billets and resources and dollars and org charts ( read : management ) it 's easy to see why cybersecurity fails .
Why ?
Cyber does n't kill , it does n't maim , it rarely has negative impact on any scale and when it does it is almost always a readily recoverable event .
Managers do n't deal with the nebulous , intangible and anything that involves " maybe " very well .
Complexity .
The people at Verizon look on bemused when the military talks of achieving information - space dominance , when with the flick of a switch , a technician in overalls and a tool belt can render our digital military might inert .
Attack and defense tools are built for computer - based warfare , but planetwide more people access the net with phones than desktops .
There has yet to be a study that has looked at these problems in a truly comprehensive manner ( read : not dominated by geezers who have other people read and respond to their e-mail ) .
Mostly they 're focused on legacy futures , which is cool if you 're not interested in forward progress .
Cybersecurity is a real problem .
It has been since computers were invented and connected to one another , but we 're no better off today than we were then .
It is not as if we do n't have any lessons learned to draw from .
We are in fact worse off because of the extent of our inter-connectedness , and that says a lot more about those who purport to be about enhancing cybersecurity than it does those who are out to subvert it .
[ Photo : USAF ]
ALSO :
Click above to watch the video after the break
Thanks to AC for providing us the original video after we inadvertently overwhelmed the servers at Axis of Oversteer !
Formula 1 is wicked fast , yet in super slow motion at 1500 fps , it can be almost as fun to watch .
After the jump are two videos that are definitely worth your time .
The first video shows the massive amounts of stress exerted on the F1 cars as they barrel around corners .
At 1500 fps , they almost look as if they could come apart at any moment .
The second video demonstrates the importance of technique on the circuit .
The video is an overlayed comparison of the third sector approaches of Sebastian Vettel and Lewis Hamilton during the Friday practice session at the German Grand Prix .
Vettel was faster than Hamilton through the first two sectors , but Hamilton passed him with a textbook brake and acceleration at the third chicane .
Good stuff .
Follow the jump for your viewing pleasure .
[ Source : Axis of Oversteer % Video - 601 % % Video-603 %
This cabby is extra careful to avoid potholes — a big bounce could ruin a potential masterwork .
Fabio Peralta has turned the back seat of his yellow cab into an art studio for his passengers , and has commissioned thousands of works .
As soon as a passenger hops into his Crown Vic , Peralta , a 40 - year veteran hack , hands the rider a pen and a stack of computer paper .
“ I tell them to create art , any kind of art , ” he said .
“ I do n’t care what it is .
Whatever comes to their brain , I say . ”
Passengers often hesitate at first .
But , incredibly , most put down the BlackBerry , pick up the paper and get to work as Peralta zips through and streets .
So far , he ’s collected 7,000 sketches , which he binds into glossy booklets “ when I have enough money , ” he said .
The works in his most recent book , which includes about 24 , range from an elaborate drawing of a hummingbird — “ Live and appreciate life , ” the artist wrote at the top — to mountain cabin scenes , to renderings of the Puerta de Alcala , a monument in Madrid .
“ Doctors , lawyers , bankers will say , ‘ Hey , I ’m no artist . ’
And I tell them they become one in my cab , ” Peralta said .
“ I never had a painting I did n’t like , no matter how bad it is , ” added the cabby , who moved to Queens from the Dominican Republic when he was 18 .
He ’s had a few surprises along the way .
Some people will hand over X - rated sketches , he said .
Others will take the four to five pages and write confessions , which he usually does n’t read “ because that ’s their business , ” he said .
Peralta gives the books away for free — his last print run was for 2,000 — to any rider who participates in his newest project : 30 - second video skits of his passengers .
“ People do whatever .
They wave to the camera , they talk about their day , they tell stories , ” he said .
“ I ask if they want to be filmed , and then I pull over in a safe spot . ”
So far , he ’s made videos of 214 passengers — he hopes to one day create a movie out of the takes .
Peralta says he asks for the artwork to take his passengers ’ minds off their everyday stress .
“ They have to enjoy the ride , not be worried about the things going on around them , ” he said .
It ’s also a good way for him to get a few extra tips , he admits .
“ Sometimes people will hand over an extra dollar or two instead of waiting for change , ” he said .
“ Maybe one day I ’ll cut a deal with Barnes & Noble and have the book in there . ”
tom.namako@nypost.com
FEDERALIST .
No . 1
General Introduction
For the Independent Journal .
Alexander Hamilton
To the People of the State of New York :
AFTER an unequivocal experience of the inefficiency of the subsisting federal government , you are called upon to deliberate on a new Constitution for the United States of America .
The subject speaks its own importance ; comprehending in its consequences nothing less than the existence of the UNION , the safety and welfare of the parts of which it is composed , the fate of an empire in many respects the most interesting in the world .
It has been frequently remarked that it seems to have been reserved to the people of this country , by their conduct and example , to decide the important question , whether societies of men are really capable or not of establishing good government from reflection and choice , or whether they are forever destined to depend for their political constitutions on accident and force .
If there be any truth in the remark , the crisis at which we are arrived may with propriety be regarded as the era in which that decision is to be made ; and a wrong election of the part we shall act may , in this view , deserve to be considered as the general misfortune of mankind .
This idea will add the inducements of philanthropy to those of patriotism , to heighten the solicitude which all considerate and good men must feel for the event .
Happy will it be if our choice should be directed by a judicious estimate of our true interests , unperplexed and unbiased by considerations not connected with the public good .
But this is a thing more ardently to be wished than seriously to be expected .
The plan offered to our deliberations affects too many particular interests , innovates upon too many local institutions , not to involve in its discussion a variety of objects foreign to its merits , and of views , passions and prejudices little favorable to the discovery of truth .
Among the most formidable of the obstacles which the new Constitution will have to encounter may readily be distinguished the obvious interest of a certain class of men in every State to resist all changes which may hazard a diminution of the power , emolument , and consequence of the offices they hold under the State establishments ; and the perverted ambition of another class of men , who will either hope to aggrandize themselves by the confusions of their country , or will flatter themselves with fairer prospects of elevation from the subdivision of the empire into several partial confederacies than from its union under one government .
It is not , however , my design to dwell upon observations of this nature .
I am well aware that it would be disingenuous to resolve indiscriminately the opposition of any set of men ( merely because their situations might subject them to suspicion ) into interested or ambitious views .
Candor will oblige us to admit that even such men may be actuated by upright intentions ; and it cannot be doubted that much of the opposition which has made its appearance , or may hereafter make its appearance , will spring from sources , blameless at least , if not respectable -- the honest errors of minds led astray by preconceived jealousies and fears .
So numerous indeed and so powerful are the causes which serve to give a false bias to the judgment , that we , upon many occasions , see wise and good men on the wrong as well as on the right side of questions of the first magnitude to society .
This circumstance , if duly attended to , would furnish a lesson of moderation to those who are ever so much persuaded of their being in the right in any controversy .
And a further reason for caution , in this respect , might be drawn from the reflection that we are not always sure that those who advocate the truth are influenced by purer principles than their antagonists .
Ambition , avarice , personal animosity , party opposition , and many other motives not more laudable than these , are apt to operate as well upon those who support as those who oppose the right side of a question .
Were there not even these inducements to moderation , nothing could be more ill - judged than that intolerant spirit which has , at all times , characterized political parties .
For in politics , as in religion , it is equally absurd to aim at making proselytes by fire and sword .
Heresies in either can rarely be cured by persecution .
And yet , however just these sentiments will be allowed to be , we have already sufficient indications that it will happen in this as in all former cases of great national discussion .
A torrent of angry and malignant passions will be let loose .
To judge from the conduct of the opposite parties , we shall be led to conclude that they will mutually hope to evince the justness of their opinions , and to increase the number of their converts by the loudness of their declamations and the bitterness of their invectives .
An enlightened zeal for the energy and efficiency of government will be stigmatized as the offspring of a temper fond of despotic power and hostile to the principles of liberty .
An over - scrupulous jealousy of danger to the rights of the people , which is more commonly the fault of the head than of the heart , will be represented as mere pretense and artifice , the stale bait for popularity at the expense of the public good .
It will be forgotten , on the one hand , that jealousy is the usual concomitant of love , and that the noble enthusiasm of liberty is apt to be infected with a spirit of narrow and illiberal distrust .
On the other hand , it will be equally forgotten that the vigor of government is essential to the security of liberty ; that , in the contemplation of a sound and well - informed judgment , their interest can never be separated ; and that a dangerous ambition more often lurks behind the specious mask of zeal for the rights of the people than under the forbidden appearance of zeal for the firmness and efficiency of government .
History will teach us that the former has been found a much more certain road to the introduction of despotism than the latter , and that of those men who have overturned the liberties of republics , the greatest number have begun their career by paying an obsequious court to the people ; commencing demagogues , and ending tyrants .
In the course of the preceding observations , I have had an eye , my fellow - citizens , to putting you upon your guard against all attempts , from whatever quarter , to influence your decision in a matter of the utmost moment to your welfare , by any impressions other than those which may result from the evidence of truth .
You will , no doubt , at the same time , have collected from the general scope of them , that they proceed from a source not unfriendly to the new Constitution .
Yes , my countrymen , I own to you that , after having given it an attentive consideration , I am clearly of opinion it is your interest to adopt it .
I am convinced that this is the safest course for your liberty , your dignity , and your happiness .
I affect not reserves which I do not feel .
I will not amuse you with an appearance of deliberation when I have decided .
I frankly acknowledge to you my convictions , and I will freely lay before you the reasons on which they are founded .
The consciousness of good intentions disdains ambiguity .
I shall not , however , multiply professions on this head .
My motives must remain in the depository of my own breast .
My arguments will be open to all , and may be judged of by all .
They shall at least be offered in a spirit which will not disgrace the cause of truth .
I propose , in a series of papers , to discuss the following interesting particulars :
THE UTILITY OF THE UNION TO YOUR POLITICAL PROSPERITY
THE INSUFFICIENCY OF THE PRESENT CONFEDERATION TO PRESERVE THAT UNION
THE NECESSITY OF A GOVERNMENT AT LEAST EQUALLY ENERGETIC WITH THE ONE PROPOSED , TO THE ATTAINMENT OF THIS OBJECT
THE CONFORMITY OF THE PROPOSED CONSTITUTION TO THE TRUE PRINCIPLES OF REPUBLICAN GOVERNMENT
ITS ANALOGY TO YOUR OWN STATE CONSTITUTION
and lastly , THE ADDITIONAL SECURITY WHICH ITS ADOPTION WILL AFFORD TO THE PRESERVATION OF THAT SPECIES OF GOVERNMENT , TO LIBERTY , AND TO PROPERTY .
In the progress of this discussion I shall endeavor to give a satisfactory answer to all the objections which shall have made their appearance , that may seem to have any claim to your attention .
It may perhaps be thought superfluous to offer arguments to prove the utility of the UNION , a point , no doubt , deeply engraved on the hearts of the great body of the people in every State , and one , which it may be imagined , has no adversaries .
But the fact is , that we already hear it whispered in the private circles of those who oppose the new Constitution , that the thirteen States are of too great extent for any general system , and that we must of necessity resort to separate confederacies of distinct portions of the whole .
1
This doctrine will , in all probability , be gradually propagated , till it has votaries enough to countenance an open avowal of it .
For nothing can be more evident , to those who are able to take an enlarged view of the subject , than the alternative of an adoption of the new Constitution or a dismemberment of the Union .
It will therefore be of use to begin by examining the advantages of that Union , the certain evils , and the probable dangers , to which every State will be exposed from its dissolution .
This shall accordingly constitute the subject of my next address .
PUBLIUS .
1 . The same idea , tracing the arguments to their consequences , is held out in several of the late publications against the new Constitution .
Microsoft 's upcoming retail stores wo n't just be similar in concept to Apple 's -- they 'll also be similar in location .
Microsoft will open its retail stores near Apple 's existing locations , a company spokesperson confirms , possibly even as close as right next door in some instances .
The Microsoft Retail Store Plan
Microsoft revealed its plans to open retail stores in February .
While the company claimed the move would " transform the PC and Microsoft buying experience , " many had their doubts as to whether the Windows crew could really compete with Apple in the retail realm ( see : " 10 Ways Microsoft's Retail Stores Will Differ From Apple Stores " ) .
Still , Microsoft moved forward , hiring a new corporate vice president to oversee the operations .
The exec 's first duty was to determine a strategy for store location , and it appears that goal has now been met .
" There will be scenarios where we have stores in proximity to Apple , " a Microsoft spokesperson explains .
The company 's chief operating officer is a bit more blunt .
" We 're going to have some retail stores opened up right next door to Apple stores this fall , " COO Kevin Turner stated during a Webcast conference Wednesday , according to a report published by Reuters .
The Microsoft Store Story
Other details about the Microsoft stores are still being kept under wraps .
The spokesperson does say Microsoft is on track with its original plan to have the locations start opening by this coming fall .
Microsoft has been in the retail business before , by the way :
The company opened an outlet in San Francisco in 1999 , selling Microsoft souvenirs and software .
The shop , however , shut down after several years .
Connect with JR Raphael on Twitter ( @jr_raphael ) or via his Web site , jrstart.com .
If you know any other places with good prices , you can SUMBIT THE WEBSITE :
Your email : Website : Description :
Brownie krispies
Brownie Krispies
When I saw this at Cookie Madness , it was called “ easy peanut butter marshmallow krispie topped brownies . ”
While certainly an accurate description , that ’s too much of a name .
I ’ll just call them brownie krispies .
I made these this morning because my girlfriend was coming over with her daughters , and if there was ever someone I like to share goodies with , it ’s her .
Not that we need the chocolate for our visits to be great , but it was a tasty perk all the same .
And apparently , I ’m developing a nice little baking reputation with her girls and I ’m not one to disappoint .
These bars are three layers of delicious – first a brownie , then gooey marshmallow , topped with a crunchy peanut butter / chocolate combination .
I thought they were awesome and they seemed to be a hit with most of the kids that were here today .
And I have to tell ya that we both got a kick out of the fact that I used a LOW FAT brownie mix to make these .
Ironic , is n’t it ?
You can bake your own brownies if you want , but I grabbed what I had in the pantry and they turned out great .
Recipe : Brownie Krispies
1 box brownie mix + additional ingredients to bake brownies according to package directions
4 c. mini marshmallows
1 1/3 c. semi-sweet chocolate chips
1 c. creamy peanut butter
3 Tbsp. butter
2 c. crispy rice cereal
Bake brownies according to package directions in a greased 9×13 ″ baking pan .
Two minutes before they are supposed to be baked , pull brownies from the oven and sprinkle marshmallows across top .
Return to oven for 2 minutes to soften marshmallows .
Remove from oven and spread marshmallows across top of brownies .
Let cool completely .
( I did n’t actually spread the marshmallows – they just covered the whole top and softened up nice and gooey . )
Prepare crispy topping : combine chocolate chips , peanut butter , and butter in a bowl .
Heat in microwave for 30 seconds at a time until mixture is melted and smooth .
Add cereal and stir to coat .
Pour over marshmallow layer and spread evenly .
Place brownies in the refrigerator for at least an hour until chilled .
This helps make them easy to cut and makes them a little less messy to eat . : )
We all hear about stretching your dollar — especially since we are in a recession .
But where you are depends largely on how far you can make your dollar go .
I live in the relatively small Utah city of Logan ( population is around 48,000 ) .
My dollar goes further here than it would in , say , New York City .
In Austin , Texas , though , my dollar may do better .
How far does $ 5,000 a month go in Logan , Utah ?
On average , my husband and I make more than $ 60,000 a year .
But , since I am self - employed , working from home , we try to live on $ 5,000 a month .
( We are lucky ; the median income in America , according to the U.S. Census Bureau , is $ 50,233 per year : $ 4,186 per month . )
We have a two - income household , with my husband earning money as a student researcher while he works toward his Ph.D.
We have one son .
Our housing related expenses are fairly basic .
We have a home with four bedrooms and three bathrooms .
Our mortgage payment , including taxes and insurance , is $ 1,350 per month .
We pay , on average , $ 120 a month for heat , electricity , garbage collection and water .
Compare that to the $ 2,801 the Center for an Urban Future reports as the effective citywide rent in New York City .
Con Edison figures that electricity costs in New York City ranges from $ 0.15 to $ 0.29 per Kilowatt - Hour .
I pay about $ 0.10 per Kilowatt - Hour .
In Austin , Texas , the difference is n’t quite so startling .
It is possible to lease something with similar square footage in Austin , Texas for $ 1,895 per month .
However , buying a home in Austin actually costs less .
I could get a three - bedroom , two - bathroom home in Austin , with the same square footage , for $ 169,900 instead of the $ 186,900 I am paying for my current home .
In Texas , though , electricity costs less .
The Energy Information Administration estimates that , in Texas , the average cost is $ 0.916 per Kilowatt - Hour .
My family ’s other monthly expenses include the following :
• $ 45 on high - speed Internet and phone .
• $ 55 for satellite television .
• $ 150 eating out ( usually lunch , with one nice dinner per month ) .
• $ 600 on groceries , personal care and household items .
• $ 150 on entertainment .
• $ 339 car payment ( 2007 Prius ) .
• $ 155 auto ( two cars ) and life insurance
• $ 400 health insurance
• $ 60 gas for two cars .
We also try to set aside $ 1,000 a month for retirement accounts and the emergency fund .
This brings the total to $ 4,424 .
Of course , recently , we ’ve been saving most of the leftover $ 576 to pay for putting in a sprinkler system ( $ 3,600 , including parts and labor ) and hydroseeding the lawn ( $ 400 ) .
Here in Logan , we can live a pretty nice life — with no credit card debt — for $ 5,000 a month .
The Salary.com Cost of Living Calculator tells me that in order to maintain our current lifestyle in New York City , we would need $ 115,861 per year .
In Austin , we would only need a little more : $ 64,293 per year .
Of course , what you spend to live depends on your lifestyle .
Personal finance blogger Free From Broke lives in Queens , N.Y. , and works in the financial services industry in Manhattan .
He maintains that , with a frugal lifestyle , he , his wife and soon - to - be three children can live on $ 5,000 a month .
“ We pay about $ 1,100 a month for housing and utilities , ” he said .
“ We own our co-op outright so we are n’t paying a mortgage on it . ”
Free From Broke ’s other major monthly expenses include $ 600 on groceries , $ 200 for transportation and $ 250 for entertainment .
They save $ 250 each month .
That brings their total major expenses to $ 2,400 per month , leaving plenty of wiggle room for the other expenses that they undoubtedly have .
So , how far does $ 5,000 go in your hometown ?
Related Stories :
What It Costs To Be Middle Class
Ten Commandments of Frugal Living
Study : Rental Affordability Not Improving
— For the best rates on loans , bank accounts and credit cards , enter your ZIP code at BankingMyWay.com .
World 's Largest Solar Thermal Plant ( 340 MW )
Planned for Arizona
May 13th , 2009 by Jake Richardson
The Mohave Sun Power company is planning a project in Mohave County that could begin construction in the fourth quarter of 2010 .
It will use 4,000 acres of land and employ concentrating solar power .
Molten salt will be the storage medium .
Mitchell Dong , the company ’s CEO explained the technology , “ It ’s a parabolic trough , or a ‘ U ’ - shaped mirror that reflects or concentrates the sunlight by a factor of 100 to this thin tube of transfer fluid .
In this case , it ’s a synthetic oil heated to 800 degrees by the sun ’s light .
There are rows and rows of these collectors and this 800 degree oil is pumped to a central power block , a central location where that hot oil goes to a boiler .
It makes steam and drives a single steam turbine . ”
Of course the whole installation would use many arrays of parabolic troughs .
Energy generated by the plant would be purchased by California , Nevada , Arizona and Colorado .
If the planning and construction processes go smoothly the plant could starting producing electricity by 2013 .
The planning actually has been going on for some time : “ We have been working on this for over a year , ” said Mohave County Supervisor Buster Johnson .
( Mohave County has already had a different 200 MW project planned for construction . )
This larger one will depend upon federal stimulus money for financing .
If approved and funded , the project could generate an estimated 1,500 jobs during the construction phase , and require 100 employees when operational .
Such a large plant would also generate local tax revenues .
Construction cost is estimated at two billion dollars .
( A nuclear power project requiring two reactors could cost 17 billion . )
In addition to the planning and funding challenges , the project must address the need for a large amount of water used for cooling purposes .
The current solar power capacity of the US is over 9,000 MW , and it is growing steadily .
Image Credit : Richard Montoya , Public Domain
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
If you 're new here , you may want to subscribe to the If you 're new here , you may want to subscribe to the RSS feed for this blog .
Thanks for visiting !
Summary
Given recent Google pronouncements with respect to the nofollow tag and PageRank sculpting , it is prudent to limit the number of comments that blog posts receive and methods are discussed to do that .
Introduction
Blog authors often agree to differ on the subject of comments .
Some feel it is essential to have a dialogue going with their readers through comments .
Others are turned off by all the spam comments that can often be added and so avoid comments .
An additional issue with respect to comments is whether comment authors should be allowed to have a link back to their own websites .
WordPress by default inserts a nofollow tag on such links , given the risks of spam entries .
Those who feel commenters should be allowed to have a link can use a WordPress Dofollow plug - in which removes that nofollow tag .
Google has then made this subject more complex by suggesting that paid links should be flagged with a nofollow tag since they should not influence search engine rankings ..
Some SEOs have then decided they would use the nofollow tag to modify the PageRank flow within their website : this was labeled as PageRank Sculpting .
A Google comment at the SMX conference in Seattle ten days ago has now further thrown everything into confusion .
PageRank On Comments May Evaporate – Matt Cutts
The Matt Cutts comment that sparked this discussion , as reported by Lisa Barone , ran as follows in the You &A With Matt Cutts session :
It seems like you supported PageRank sculpting a year ago and now it seems like you do n’t support it anymore .
Why is that and will it become a negative indicator ?
No , it wo n’t hurt your site .
You can do your links however you want .
You can use it to eliminate links to sign in forms and whatnot , but its a better use of your time to fix your site architecture and fix the problem from the core .
Suppose you have 10 links and 5 of them are nofollowed .
There ’s this assumption that that the other 5 links get ALL that PageRank and that may not be as true anymore ( your leftover PageRank will now “ evaporate ” , says Matt . ) .
You ca n’t shunt your PageRank where you want it to go .
It ’s not a penalty .
It ’s not going to get you in trouble .
However , it ’s not as effective .
It ’s a better use of your time to go make new content and do all the other things .
Andy Beard has clearly stated what is needed .
In asking Can Comments Kill Your PageRank ?
I do have some thoughts though : - 1 . I think we need a strong statement that external links with nofollow would not cause PageRank to evaporate .
2. Nofollow is a simple solution for user generated content and comments , but if it has any effect of PageRank disappearing , we are going to lose the links on tons of blogs totally .
It would be a sad day that an action by Google reduced the interlinking of the web .
…
5 . Links that lead to pages blocked with robots .
txt and other hanging pages really need to be nofollowed .
I think we need to know that in that situation PageRank would n’t normally evaporate , but I can understand why that might not be confirmed .
As yet , there has been no clarification on this issue from Google .
Webmasters Handle Comments Differently
It is interesting to note that Webmasters do handle Comments differently .
Michael Gray with his latest entry , The Big Fat RSS Lie , adopts what seems to be his normal policy in displaying , Comments on this entry are closed .
On the other hand , the Daily SEO Tip blog actively seeks comments from as many as possible , as with the latest post : Let ’s Create the Ultimate List of Keyword Research Tools by Ann Smarty .
This seems to be the approach that most blog writers adopt .
PageRank Null Hypothesis Suggests Limit Comments
What is the best policy given what Matt Cutts had said .
One possible line of reasoning is set out in a post on a PageRank Null Hypothesis .
This would suggest that all links are included in a first phase PageRank population .
This means that the more links one has from a blog page ( including comments ) , the lower PageRank contribution that each outlink carries .
This argument might suggest avoiding comments to limit the number of outlinks .
Conversely , comments often add useful content that is of interest to readers .
The resulting post and comments then has more content which may rank better in keyword queries .
This suggests that it may be better to have a balance allowing a number of comments but cutting these off after a certain time .
Avoiding PageRank Comments Problems
Given the above , the Comments Policy on the SMM blogs has been changed .
To capture worthwhile comment content while avoiding the more spammy comments , comments are now closed off after 21 days .
In order not to lose the possibility of useful comments after 21 days , the Google Friend Connect Social Bar has been added to the bottom of every SMM blog post so that visitors can comment there .
Such comments would not be part of the Web page content for search engine ranking terms but it does mean that other visitors can read the further comments .
Hopefully this gives the best of both worlds .
Here is a short video introduction to the Google Friend Connect Social Bar :
Confirmed : Earthrace Superboat Joining Sea Shepherd Fleet
Like us on Facebook :
The current article you are reading does not reflect the views of the current editors and contributors of the new Ecorazzi
When we first heard the rumors that Sea Shepherd might acquire add the sleek , biodiesel - fueled powerboat called Earthrace to their efforts — we wanted to believe .
But seriously , would it be possible ?
Could an anti-whaling organization land something out of a James Bond movie to further their cause ?
Yes .
Outside the International Whaling Commission meeting in Portugal , Sea Shepherd announced plans for their sixth campaign against Japanese commercial whaling in the Southern Ocean whale sanctuary – Operation Waltzing Matilda .
They also revealed the incredible news that the Earthrace will be joining the SS Steve Irwin in this new operation .
And yes , it will change from its current silver to the Sea Shepherd ’s striking black .
“ It looks like a spaceship .
It can do 40 knots and dive under waves completely .
We ’ll be using it to intercept and block harpoons , ” said Captain Paul Watson , who earlier this week was arrested ( And later released ) after entering Portugal .
He added that the organization was outfitting the vessel with half a tonne of Kevlar to toughen it against the ice .
“ It has the endurance to go half way round the world on a tank of fuel , ” he said .
“ They wo n’t get away from me . ”
The Steve Irwin will also be receiving some love in the form of $ 500,000 in repairs and additions .
Its buckled hull plates have been repaired ( after clashes earlier this year with the Japanese ) , and a powerful water cannon has been added on the bow to match the whalers ’ .
Finally , the organization confirmed that the Animal Planet television crew will be back to film season three of the popular show Whale Wars .
“ We are taking the most powerful anti-whaling weapon at our disposal : a film crew , ” said Laurens de Groot , a Sea Shepherd Netherlands Director .
“ The cameras are more powerful than cannons and our ammunition is the naked truth about illegal whaling .
We intend to keep the focus on Japanese crimes and we intend to sink the Japanese whaling fleet – economically . ”
via IndyBay and The Brisbane Times
To stave off dementia !
Yes , today the befuddled screech owls on Fox & Friends were discussing a study that states that those that stay married fend off Alzheimer 's and dementia better than lonely divorcees .
Brian Kilmeade took issue with this .
He did n't trust the study because it was done in Finland and Sweden and the Finns and the Swedes stay " pure " by only marrying each other .
Whereas in America , everyone marries everyone ( so long as they 're white and their partner is white .
Oh , and straight ! )
So therefore the study does n't mean anything .
Suddenly the clouds parted and a thin ray of sunshine shone down on the pesky corn nut that is Gretchen Carlson — descendant of some Nordic " species " , for sure — and she ably , if simply , mocked crazy dumb Kilmeade for being crazy and dumb and possibly suffering from dementia .
It was a fine moment of morning television .
Incidentally , after discussing this execrable show with my sister over seltzers at a picnic table in Rhode Island this weekend , she called me this morning and said " I tried watching Fox & Friends .
I could n't even get through five minutes .
How can you possibly watch this every day ? "
And then I told her that I do n't , that there are lovely video people who watch it for me and I cackled into the phone .
So , in short , thanks guys !
Virtual , Reality Mexico , America , and Sci-Fi in Sleep Dealer
" This is the American dream , " one character says in Sleep Dealer .
" We give the United States what they 've always wanted ... all the work , without the workers . "
Alex Rivera 's independent science - fiction film Sleep Dealer takes place in Tijuana , in a near future where a wall divides the US and Mexico , where water is kept behind locked gates , and where Mexicans who want to work in the US must first find a " coyotek " to implant them with " nodes " — USB - like ports that are set into their arms and backs , allowing them to jack into a network and control machinery in the US , all while staying on their side of the border .
As you might 've gathered , Sleep Dealer makes no bones about what it 's really about .
It 's a film bursting with ideas , style , and plenty of not - particularly - subtle allegory , and despite some occasional clumsiness and a few decidedly cheap special effects , it never stops being creepily intriguing and impressively original .
Memo ( Luis Fernando Peña ) comes from a small town in Oaxaca , where he lives with his family in the shadow of a massive dam .
Forced to pay to access water they once got for free , Memo 's family ekes a living out of the arid soil — but Memo wants more .
Eventually , he heads north to Tijuana , where he meets Luz ( Leonor Varela ) , a writer who helps him get nodes , allowing him to find work as a construction worker — controlling a robot which , alongside countless others , works to build a gleaming American skyscraper .
But unknown to Memo , Luz has also begun to chronicle his story , posting her memories and impressions of him online , where anyone can pay to experience them .
There are moments of goofiness throughout Sleep Dealer , just as there are moments when Rivera 's touch — which serves him well when it 's lighter — gets too heavy - handed .
But overall , the visually striking , impressively imagined Sleep Dealer has an energy , purpose , and relevance that much film — and much modern science fiction — lacks .
Sleep Dealer 's world is n't a glittery CG novelty , or a fantastic bit of escapism — it 's ours , a few years from now , and it 's a place where things are n't as different as they should be .
5 Tips to Save Money on Auto Insurance
Saving money on auto insurance is easy but you must approach it the right way .
Everyone needs auto insurance and it ’s an expense we must face for a lifetime .
I do n’t know about you , but if there is an expense worth learning more about , that expense would have to be insurance .
Below I ’ve provided five useful tips to help you save money on auto insurance .
Tip 1 : Do n’t wait until the last minute
Many people choose to start shopping for auto insurance a day before their existing policy ’s renewal date .
During a comparison quote process we have found that on , many cases , if you shop over a week before your renewal date you will get rated lower compared to if you shop on or just before your renewal date .
Tip 2 : Always comparison shop
With the high cost of living , we are in a way forced into shopping around for the best deals on most things we buy .
This is how most of us maintain financial stability .
You must go about shopping for your insurance the same way .
Whether you decide to get a comparison quote online or call a local independent Agent , you ’re on the right track .
As an Independent Agent in Arizona , I ’ve found that in most cases I see about a $ 500 difference between the lowest premium and the highest premium after doing a comparison quote for a client .
Tip 3 : Low cost insurance and financial security
It ’s no longer impossible to get low cost insurance WITH the financial security .
Many are quick to insure themselves with the state minimum liability requirement .
Instead of insuring yourself with a policy that may not be good enough , place focus on discounts instead .
There are several discounts auto insurance shoppers can take advantage of including the paperless discount , multi-car and multi-policy discount , and the paid - in - full discount .
Tip 4 : Choosing your deductible
The deductible is the amount you must pay first before any claims are paid out to you by the insurance company .
The higher the deductible , the lower your premium will be .
You do n’t want to choose too high of a deductible .
Some Agents believe your deductible should be close to your weekly income .
You want to have the funds available in the event you need to make a claim .
If you do decide on a high deductible you may want to consider putting away some of the money you saved on a monthly basis .
This way if something happens down the road you have some of the deductible available to you .
Tip 5 : It ’s never a bad time to shop
Insurance companies will often go through rating changes .
A company that may have rated you high in the past , now may have some of the lowest rates for your specific insurance need .
Some people have been with their current insurance company for years without ever giving thought to the other options available to them .
Eight out of ten times , these shoppers will see the highest savings after reviewing a comparison quote online .
I believe these are five tips every auto insurance shopper must consider when searching for auto insurance coverage .
Auto insurance shoppers can learn more about discounts and compare insurance quotes online .
Let me introduce our gorgeous city chickens : Princess , Singapore and Sunflower .
Singapore is the black one , still occasionally called “ he ” although reliably proving the opposite every morning .
Sunflower ( on the left ) has brown feathers , lays biggest eggs and is first in the pecking order – meaning she is the boss !
Princess is our daughter ’s darling , brown too , but laced with more white feathers than Singapore .
How it all started ?
For quite a while , our kids were asking if they could have a pet , as most kids do .
We ’ve tried to settle for a fish , but “ we ca n’t play with a fish ! ” was the answer .
Fair enough .
For a dog or a cat we neither have time nor space .
Children usually promise to help and take care of pets , but as soon the novelty wears out , they become parents ’ full time responsibility .
So we needed an easy care pet that stays outside and can be left on its own for a few days when we are away .
After months of thinking and debating it dawned onto me : pet chickens !
On our last year ’s trip to Europe , the kids really enjoyed playing with little chickens at grandparents ’ .
Feeding the big ones and collecting the eggs was fun too .
And the eggs were EGGcellent .
Keeping pet chickens has many benefits :
Fresh and tasty eggs with a deep yellowy –orange coloured yolk
Cheap to keep
Simple to care for
Eat kitchen scraps and leftovers – best composting system
Produce top manure for the veggie garden ( needs to be composted first )
Chickens are sustainable pets
Kids love to feed them and to collect the eggs
Numerous psychological benefits for kids as with any other pet
If everything properly set up at the beginning , need only 10 - 15 min of your time daily
Pet backyard chickens are a lot of fun !
Our chickens came from the kinder our daughter attends .
Just as I started searching for a place to buy them , they had a chicken hatching program : the eggs that are about to hatch are delivered in the incubator and kids care for the chickens the next ten days .
Afterwards they are either given away for free or taken back to the farm .
Good intentions , but would be even better if the program has the mother hen sitting on the eggs .
It would be a great deal more natural .
Keeping city chickens : some points to consider
If the idea of pet chickens appeals to you , there are few things to think about before getting them into your backyard .
For the start check following :
The first thing if living in a city is to confirm your city council allows chickens .
Our council ’s rule is six chickens maximum and no rooster .
Do you have enough space : allow a minimum of one square meter per chicken and at least two chickens ( they are social beings and do n’t like to be alone ) .
As with any other pet , there is responsibility of your pet chickens ’ wellbeing : protecting them from the elements and predators , feeding them , keeping the area clean etc .
After all , you want happy and healthy chickens .
Will the chickens be close to the neighbors , would they object ?
Have a tick for all the above ?
Great !
The next step is research .
Read a book or two on chicken keeping and search the Internet .
Without going into too many details , you need to decide what breed to buy , where to buy , do you want day old chickens or point of lay ( when they are about to begin laying , 5 - 6 months old ) chickens etc .
A book or a comprehensive web site will give you the idea about info you need .
I did n’t have any experience on keeping chickens other that feeding them and collecting the eggs as a little girl while on weekends at my grandparents ’ .
All that is written here is coming from our experience and let me tell you , having chickens is really fun and rewarding !
I meant to write about them earlier , but was waiting to see if they survive us :-) !
There will be more about our city chickens in the future , meanwhile enjoy our chickens ’ pictures : our city girls are mad about sunflower seeds !
Almost a grown chicken : picture taken 20 days before the chickens laid their first eggs :
Still not eating the herbs , but soon it all will disappear …
Any sunflower seeds hidden here ?
What a feast !
GeoHot Beats the Dev Team to 3GS Unlock
Alright , so the headline is a little bit misleading , but in a sense it ’s true .
The Dev-Team has had an exploit for the iPhone 3GS set and ready to go , but they want to wait until 3.1 so that Apple does n’t immediately patch their hole .
George Hotz got tired of waiting , so he ’s releasing the jailbreak himself .
As of yet there are n’t many details , and not many folks have tested it , but those who have are reporting a successful unlock .
GeoHot , or George Hotz , has the necessary file listed on purplera1n.com .
After the jailbreak , you should be able to use ultrasn0w for the unlock .
I think the best part of this whole saga is Hotz ’s comments regarding the Dev-Team decision to hold of on release .
I ’ll send you off to backup , jailbreak , and unlock with his words :
Normally I do n’t make tools for the general public , and rather wait for the dev team to do it .
But guys , whats up with waiting until 3.1 ?
That is n’t how the game is played .
We release , Apple fixes , we find new holes .
It is n’t worth waiting because you might have the “ last ” hole in the iPhone .
What last hole … this is n’t golf .
I ’ll find a new one next week .
Well said , George .
Good luck jailbreaking – enjoy your holiday .
ATTORNEY GENERAL TO CLASSIFY PRO - LIFE , PRO - GUN AMERICANS AS TERRORISTS
By NWV News writer Jim Kouri
Posted 1:00 AM
Eastern
July 5 , 2009
© 2009 NewsWithViews.com
An amendment to a bill swiftly moving through the US Congress will allow the Obama Administration 's Attorney General to classify Americans as domestic terrorists if they are pro-life , pro-gun and anti-big government .
Impeached Florida judge -- now a Democrat Party member of the House of Representatives -- Rep. Alcee Hastings introduced what some claim is a disturbing piece of legislation .
Hasting 's amendment calls for the Attorney General to have discretion over who is called a terrorist and what groups will be treated as terrorist groups .
" This is arguably one of the worst pieces of legislation to come down the pike in a long , long time .
In essence Attorney General Eric Holder -- a Bill Clinton retread -- will have the discretion to label Americans terrorists .
Hastings is a dangerous man and should be forced to resign from congress .
He 's also proposed the creation of " emergency camps " that are nothing more than prisons , " warns political strategist Mike Baker .
" This amendment is part and parcel of the trend in this country to suppress dissent by patriots by calling them domestic terrorists , " he added .
In an unclassified report entitled " Rightwing Extremism : Current Economic and Political Climate Fueling Resurgence in Radicalization and Recruitment , " Secretary for Homeland Security Janet Napolitano and her agency included the following description of " extremists : "
" Rightwing extremism in the United States can be broadly divided into those groups , movements , and adherents that are primarily hate - oriented ( based on hatred of particular religious , racial or ethnic groups ) , and those that are mainly antigovernment , rejecting federal authority in favor of state or local authority , or rejecting government authority entirely .
It may include groups and individuals that are dedicated to a single issue , such as opposition to abortion or immigration . "
Last Thursday , Congressman Trent Franks ( R - AZ ) made the following remarks on the House Floor regarding Congressman Alcee Hastings ’ ( D - FL ) amendment to the National Defense Authorization bill :
" The Hastings Amendment to the National Defense Authorization bill ( which now is being considered en bloc ) prohibits the recruitment , enlistment , or retention of persons with known affiliations to " groups determined by the Attorney General to be of a violent , extremist nature . "
" Members on both sides of the aisle support the purpose of this amendment because we recognize that there are legitimate concerns about the enlistment of persons who may seek to use their military training to cause harm to innocents , but we should take pause to consider the breadth of this amendment carefully .
I just want to express concern about the language of this amendment , and my concerns are shared by many in this House , " said Rep .
Franks .
" While the amendment seeks to keep gang members and members of violent groups out of the military , the amendment by its language is much more broad .
Specifically , it confers upon the Attorney General the ability to categorize groups as hate groups , and this sounds an alarm for many of us because of the recent shocking and offensive report released by the Department of Homeland Security which labeled , arguably , a majority of Americans as " extremists , " warned Franks .
" I take extreme offense that the federal government -- through a report issued under the authority of a Cabinet - level official -- would dare to categorize people who are " dedicated to a single issue , such as opposition or abortion or immigration " as " right - wing extremists " and it begs the question of whether the Attorney General , under Mr. Hastings '
Amendment , can look to the Napolitano report to decide who is an extremist , or can make the same categorization of the majority of Americans as extremists who may then be kept from joining the military , or who may be discharged , " said Rep .
Franks .
" I want to state unequivocally that I believe that it is not the intent of this Congress to label pro-lifers , federalism proponents , and pro-immigration enforcement groups and their affiliates as extremists under the bill .
My colleagues on the other side of the aisle should make a strong effort to assuage these concerns and make our intentions clear .
If the intent of this amendment is to go after citizens because of their political views and moral convictions , then the amendment is unconstitutional .
I hope that the sponsor of the Amendment will make clear tonight that this is not the intent , " he added .
Rep . Alcee Hastings also introduced what many say is another disturbing piece of legislation .
That new bill calls for the Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano to build at least six facilities that can be designated as " emergency centers .
Hastings rationale for such facilities is to gather and " house " civilians on what are basically detention centers guarded by armed soldiers or paramilitary troops .
The House bill ( HR 645 ) -- National Emergency Centers Establishment
Act -- is not even on the radar of members of the elite media .
According to critics of the plan , if passed the government will create camps or centers that by their nature restrict the activities of US citizens herded into them .
In fact , one provision -- Section 2 ( b ) ( 4 ) -- states : " [ To ] meet other appropriate needs , as determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security . "
One critic , political strategist Mike Baker claims the idea of such detention center smacks of the type of concentration camps for political dissidents , such as occurred in Nazi Germany , Americans find repugnant .
" Why are n't the news media covering this story ?
Could it be because they fear being the first occupants of these so - called emergency installations ?
Where is the outrage by our nation 's Fourth Estate ? " asks Baker .
Hastings bill is suspected of attempting to help expand the President Obama 's military and law enforcement powers .
While Hastings pushes this bill , even Republican congressmen are hesitant to remind one another and the nation that this Florida congressman was impeached while he sat on Florida 's federal court bench .
Appointed by President Jimmy Carter in 1979 , he became the first African - American federal judge in the state of Florida , and served in that position for ten years .
He ’s still called “ Judge ” by some of his colleagues , but one would think he ’d rather forget his days on the federal bench .
In 1989 , Judge Hastings was impeached by the US House of Representatives for bribery and perjury .
The Democratic - controlled Senate convicted Hastings of accepting a $ 150,000 bribe in 1981 in exchange for a lenient sentence and of perjury in his testimony about the case .
Hastings said the charges against him smacked of racism .
Even Rep. John Conyers , who is also black , said he “ found no trace of racism during the investigation . ”
He urged his colleagues to remove Hastings from the bench .
He said , “ [ Hastings ] is unfit to serve . ”
When the ultra-liberal Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi nominated Hastings for the chairmanship of the House Intelligence Committee , even members of her own political party balked .
" The prospect of Rep. Alcee Hastings becoming the chairman of the House of Representative ’s Intelligence Committee was proposed by Congressional Black Caucus , who had been pressuring the new House Speaker Pelosi to appoint blacks to key leadership positions and Hasting benefited from the pressure on the radical left Pelosi , " said former Detective Sidney Frances ( NYPD - ret. ) , himself an African - American .
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
Otherwise , we beat her and her husband at the polls .
Yes , you heard me .
We can get at Mary Bono Mack in two ways -- her district and that of her husband .
He should feel the heat just as much as her .
I never thought I 'd step up to defend Mary Bono Mack , a very mediocre absentee representative from California 's High Desert ( Riverside County ) -- and do n't worry , I wo n't .
She inherited her increasingly blue congressional district based in Palm Springs from her then - husband Sonny Bono after his fatal skiing accident .
Since then she 's married one of the most far right extremists in Congress -- a lunatic fringe kook named Connie Mack IV from Florida -- while managing to stay in office by voting 2 or 3 times a year with the Democrats , especially on gay issues , not because her marriage to Connie is a lesbian match but because Palm Springs is almost as gay as San Francisco , NYC , Miami Beach or West Hollywood .
In a district that embraced Obama , Progressive Punch shows her lifetime voting record on crucial , substantive issues to be more mainstream conservative than radical right , but by no means moderate .
There are 33 Republicans -- including dependable rightists like Jim Sensenbrenner ( R - WI ) , Jimmy Duncan ( R- TN ) , Rodney Frelinghuysen ( R - NJ ) , Pete Hoekstra ( R - MI ) , Ed Royce ( R- CA ) , Vern Buchanan ( R- FL ) , Jerry Moran ( R- KS ) , Jeff Flake ( R - AZ ) , and even full - fledged - no - foolin ' - around fascist stooge Lincoln Diaz - Balart ( R - FL ) -- who vote more frequently across the aisle than Bono - Mack .
When it comes to economic issues facing ordinary American families -- like fair taxation equal justice , and corporate subsidies -- you 'd have to search pretty hard to find many Republicans in Congress more reactionary and anti-family than Bono - Mack .
So it was probably a bit of a shock to her when she saw the headline above that I captured in a screen shot from the Republican Party blog , Red State : Mary Bono Mack Should Be Burned In Effigy And Voted out Of Office .
It was written by Georgia Republican Party operative Erick Erickson and something tells me Erickson is n't about to endorse Palm Springs Mayor Steve Pougnet , who 's not just gay , but married ( to another man ) and happily raising their two children !
Too far a stretch for Republicans who seem to always be involved with " opposite marriages , " or whatever they call the degrading situations traditional marriage sanctity defenders like Mark Sanford , David Diapers Vitter , Larry Craig and John Ensign are in .
Erickson and the fringe loons on the furthest reaches of the non-criminal right are so upset with Bono Mack that they are threatening to not just defeatbut to go after the right - wing extremist husband to boot !
He demands that she vote against health care reform and against the energy bill when it comes back from the Senate -- where it will probably be watered down and look more acceptable to mainstream conservatives !!!-- or face the consequences .
I bet they 're trembling in their boots .
Labels : 2010 congressional races , Connie Mack , crazy extremists , Mary Bono Mack , Red State , Steve Pougnet
" We call upon all Muslims to confront this hostility with greater hostility , and to counter France 's efforts to divide male and female believers from their faith with a greater effort ... [ by ] adherence to the teachings of their Islamic sharia , " Abdul Wadud said , according to SITE .
The program was announced in The Times ' California Briefing last week .
L.A. at Home 's drought - tolerant - gardening columnist , Emily Green , offers some additional details as well as some context :
Though the program is a good idea , she says , L.A. is still playing catch - up to places such as Las Vegas , which offered its residents 50 % more money to do the same thing .
As if broken sprinklers , polluting mowers or the simple desire to conserve water were n't enough , the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power is giving its customers more motivation to let go of their lawns .
Single - family homes can get a rebate of up to $ 2,000 , assuming you meet criteria for the Residential Drought Resistant Landscape Incentive Program .
As if broken sprinklers , polluting mowers or the simple desire to conserve water were n't enough , the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power is giving its customers more motivation to let go of their lawns .
Single - family homes can get a rebate of up to $ 2,000 , assuming you meet criteria for the Residential Drought Resistant Landscape Incentive Program .
The program was announced in The Times ' California Briefing last week .
L.A. at Home 's drought - tolerant - gardening columnist , Emily Green , offers some additional details as well as some context :
Though the program is a good idea , she says , L.A. is still playing catch - up to places such as Las Vegas , which offered its residents 50 % more money to do the same thing .
Check out Green 's full column after the jump .
-- Craig Nakano Photo credit : Debra Lee Baldwin
By Emily Green
Fast on the heels of the new watering ordinances that took effect June 1 , the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power has begun a cash - for - grass program .
Single - family homes served by the DWP will be eligible to receive $ 1 for every square foot of turf that they replace with less thirsty alternatives .
For years Southern California water managers paid scant attention to outdoor water conservation .
Then they saw stunning savings achieved in Nevada .
According to the Southern Nevada Water Authority , in the last decade , Las Vegas has removed more than 125 million square feet of grass , saving 7 billion gallons of water a year .
That ’s almost one - tenth of Southern Nevada ’s annual water supply .
Here in Los Angeles , the new Residential Drought Resistant Landscape Incentive Program is not region - wide .
It applies only to Department of Water and Power customers , and it ’s not the $ 1.50 per square foot that Vegas residents receive .
Any other catches ?
The agency wo n’t be buying dead lawn , warns DWP spokeswoman Jane Galbraith .
If you are lucky enough to live where the lawn is already dead , the water company takes the view that nature has already done the right thing for you .
But if you have 200 to 2,000 square feet of lawn that is doing little more than consuming water , then the DWP is willing to pay you to get rid of it .
That includes the forlorn strip of lawn between the sidewalk and curb known as the " parkway . "
Opening the DWP program to parkways makes good sense because watering with sprinklers is next to impossible there without creating runoff .
Under the new drought ordinances , creating runoff is now illegal .
So instead of waiting for an inevitable ticket , homeowners can receive a rebate .
The hardship is minimal : Cap the sprinklers , dig out the lawn and replace it with something smarter .
The single greatest challenge is choosing that something smarter .
The rebate program requires that you have a plan for the successor landscape .
Acceptable turf substitutes include drought - tolerant plants , mulch and permeable ground cover .
The department will steer participating homeowners to various gardening classes sponsored through BeWaterWise.com to help guide homeowners through the conversion process .
You will find listings of Southern California dry gardening classes on this blog 's event calendar and on my website , Chance of Rain .
Whatever successor landscape you choose , the intent of the cash - for - grass program is to reduce the 50 to 90 inches of water routinely applied to turf every year .
Drought - tolerant substitutes may require just 15 — in keeping with L.A. ’s average annual rainfall .
For information on the L.A. Department of Water and Power program , call the regional water agency rebate hotline at ( 888 ) 376-3314 .
The recording will say funding for regionwide programs is exhausted , but keep listening .
DWP customers can press 3 for more details on their rebate .
Note : Green 's column on drought - tolerant gardening will appear on this blog every week .
Click on " Dry Garden " in the category cloud .
MONTREAL --
From one ecologist 's perspective , the American system of farming grain - fed livestock consumes resources far out of proportion to the yield , accelerates soil erosion , affects world food supply and will be changing in the future .
" If all the grain currently fed to livestock in the United States wereconsumed directly by people , the number of people who could be fed would benearly 800 million , " David Pimentel , professor of ecology in CornellUniversity 's College of Agriculture and Life Sciences , reported at the July24 - 26 meeting of the Canadian Society of Animal Science in Montreal .
Or , if those grains were exported , it would boost the U.S. trade balance by $ 80 billion a year , Pimentel estimated .
With only grass - fed livestock , individual Americans would still get morethan the recommended daily allowance ( RDA ) of meat and dairy protein , according to Pimentel 's report , " Livestock Production : Energy Inputs and the Environment . "
An environmental analyst and longtime critic of waste and inefficiency inagricultural practices , Pimentel depicted grain - fed livestock farming as acostly and nonsustainable way to produce animal protein .
He distinguishedgrain - fed meat production from pasture - raised livestock , callingcattle - grazing a more reasonable use of marginal land .
Animal protein production requires more than eight times as muchfossil - fuel energy than production of plant protein while yielding animalprotein that is only 1.4 times more nutritious for humans than thecomparable amount of plant protein , according to the Cornell ecologist ' sanalysis .
Tracking food animal production from the feed trough to the dinner table , Pimentel found broiler chickens to be the most efficient use of fossilenergy , and beef , the least .
Chicken meat production consumes energy in a 4:1 ratio to protein output ; beef cattle production requires an energyinput to protein output ratio of 54:1 .
( Lamb meat production is nearly asinefficient at 50:1 , according to the ecologist 's analysis of U.S.Department of Agriculture statistics .
Other ratios range from 13:1 forturkey meat and 14:1 for milk protein to 17:1 for pork and 26:1 for eggs . )
Animal agriculture is a leading consumer of water resources in the UnitedStates , Pimentel noted .
Grain - fed beef production takes 100,000 liters ofwater for every kilogram of food .
Raising broiler chickens takes 3,500 liters of water to make a kilogram of meat .
In comparison , soybeanproduction uses 2,000 liters for kilogram of food produced ; rice , 1,912 ; wheat , 900 ; and potatoes , 500 liters .
" Water shortages already are severein the Western and Southern United States and the situation is quicklybecoming worse because of a rapidly growing U.S. population that requiresmore water for all of its needs , especially agriculture , " Pimentel observed .
Livestock are directly or indirectly responsible for much of the soilerosion in the United States , the ecologist determined .
On lands wherefeed grain is produced , soil loss averages 13 tons per hectare per year .
Pasture lands are eroding at a slower pace , at an average of 6 tons perhectare per year .
But erosion may exceed 100 tons on severely overgrazedpastures , and 54 percent of U.S. pasture land is being overgrazed .
" More than half the U.S. grain and nearly 40 percent of world grain isbeing fed to livestock rather than being consumed directly by humans , " Pimentel said .
" Although grain production is increasing in total , the percapita supply has been decreasing for more than a decade .
Clearly , thereis reason for concern in the future . "
- 30 -
EIGHT MEATY FACTS ABOUT ANIMAL FOOD
> From " Livestock Production : Energy Inputs and the Environment "
By David Pimentel
-- WHERE'S THE GRAIN ?
The 7 billion livestock animals in the United Statesconsume five times as much grain as is consumed directly by the entireAmerican population .
-- HERBIVORES ON THE HOOF .
Each year an estimated 41 million tons ofplant protein is fed to U.S. livestock to produce an estimated 7 milliontons of animal protein for human consumption .
About 26 million tons of thelivestock feed comes from grains and 15 million tons from forage crops .
For every kilogram of high - quality animal protein produced , livestock arefed nearly 6 kg of plant protein .
-- FOSSIL FUEL TO FOOD FUEL .
On average , animal protein production in theU.S. requires 28 kilocalories ( kcal ) for every kcal of protein produced forhuman consumption .
Beef and lamb are the most costly , in terms of fossilfuel energy input to protein output at 54:1 and 50:1 , respectively .
Turkeyand chicken meat production are the most efficient ( 13:1 and 4:1 , respectively ) .
Grain production , on average , requires 3.3 kcal of fossilfuel for every kcal of protein produced .
The U.S. now imports about 54 percent of its oil ; by the year 2015 , that import figure is expected torise to 100 percent .
-- THIRSTY PRODUCTION SYSTEMS .
U.S. agriculture accounts for 87 percentof all the fresh water consumed each year .
Livestock directly use only 1.3 percent of that water .
But when the water required for forage and grainproduction is included , livestock 's water usage rises dramatically .
Everykilogram of beef produced takes 100,000 liters of water .
Some 900 litersof water go into producing a kilogram of wheat .
Potatoes are even less " thirsty , " at 500 liters per kilogram .
-- HOME ON THE RANGE .
More than 302 million hectares of land are devotedto producing feed for the U.S. livestock population -- about 272 millionhectares in pasture and about 30 million hectares for cultivated feedgrains .
-- DISAPPEARING SOIL .
About 90 percent of U.S. cropland is losing soil -- to wind and water erosion -- at 13 times above the sustainable rate .
Soil loss is most severe in some of the richest farming areas ; Iowa losestopsoil at 30 times the rate of soil formation .
Iowa has lost one - halfits topsoil in only 150 years of farming -- soil that took thousands ofyears to form .
-- PLENTY OF PROTEIN : Nearly 7 million tons ( metric ) of animal protein isproduced annually in the U.S. -- enough to supply every American man , womanand child with 75 grams of animal protein a day .
With the addition of 34 grams of available plant protein , a total of 109 grams of protein isavailable per capita .
The RDA ( recommended daily allowance ) per adult perday is 56 grams of protein for a mixed diet .
-- OUT TO PASTURE .
If all the U.S. grain now fed to livestock wereexported and if cattlemen switched to grass - fed production systems , lessbeef would be available and animal protein in the average American dietwould drop from 75 grams to 29 grams per day .
That , plus current levelsof plant - protein consumption , would still yield more than the RDA forprotein .
- 30 -
--------------------------------Cornell University News Service324 Judd Falls RoadIthaca , NY 14853607-255-4206 phone607-255-5373 faxmailto:cunews@cornell.eduhttp ://www.news.cornell.edu
advertisement
" The competition for the election was very clear and we can until now we can witness that the competition was among four persons who are from and belong to the Islamic system , " he said .
" I call on all these dear friends and brothers to observe the law and come to an understanding .
The legal channel is open .
Pursue this line . "
Gerry Adams ' thoughts on a united Ireland , from the Sinn Fein conference in N.Y. : Click here
Niall O'Dowd : Game plan for a united Ireland : Click here
Photo gallery of the Sinn Fein conference : Click here
Professor Brendan O’Leary has advised the Iraqi government on its constitution .
He has advised the UN .
He has been part of the Northern Irish Peace Process , and his most recent book , published in 2009 , is called , “ How to Get out of Iraq with Integrity . ”
He ’s someone worth listening to , so when he suggests creating a federal Ireland , we should listen closely .
“ Many people see a united Ireland as unitary , with Northern Ireland absolved into the South , ” he said , speaking at the Sinn Fein conference in the Hilton on Saturday .
“ But there are practical reasons for a federal Ireland , with Northern Ireland remaining a political unit . ”
Practicality is the name of O’Leary ’s game , and he added that a united Ireland in any form would need “ extensive and detailed constitutional negotiations . ”
For O’Leary , this is a worthy goal , as long as it ’s achieved through peaceful means , but politicians have many questions to solve beforehand .
“ The long separation from the South has built a distinctly Northern Irish identity , ” he explained , which makes the federal idea more plausible .
Almost 90 years of partition has created differences between North and South .
Within the North , activists must win over many Unionists and Protestants , and convert them to the notion of a united Ireland .
Persuasion will be key .
Charlie Lord , from Belfast , liked O’Leary ’s idea but thought some people might find it hard to accept .
“ His contribution was helpful , not rhetoric , ” Lord said .
“ It was the practical questions that need to be discussed .
But a lot of people would not be comfortable with his comments on a different Northern Irish identity ; they feel they ’re Irish . ”
“ Federalism is not a new idea , ” said Dr. Christine Kinealy , a historian at Drew University in New Jersey .
“ Maybe the Protestants need to be given reassurance , but I ’d prefer not to have that intermediary stage .
In the long - term it would probably create the same problems as partition . ”
As well as winning over Protestants , those desirous of a united Ireland will have to win over newcomers to the North – Polish Catholics holding British passports , for example .
But the Republic ’s reduced religiosity means that Northern Irish Protestants need no longer worry that “ home rule will be Rome rule . ”
It ’s even possible that Scotland will break from Britain before Northern Ireland does , O’Leary suggested , and that too would change the perceptions Northern Ireland Unionists .
Still , a united Ireland is not definite .
“ It ’s desirable , but I do n’t think it ’s inevitable , ” O’Leary said .
ANOTHER DEADLINE has been missed by religious congregations in presenting a report on their financial position to Government , as agreed by them following publication of the Ryan report last May .
Neither the Government nor all 18 of the religious congregations which managed institutions named in the report have met the mid-July deadlines they themselves set last month concerning reports on the financial position of the congregations .
Though some congregations have presented such reports , others have missed a second agreed deadline .
At a meeting with the Taoiseach and senior members of the Cabinet on June 5th last , representatives of the 18 congregations which were party to the controversial 2002 redress agreement with the State , agreed that an independent report on their financial position would be presented to Government on June 24th .
They also agreed at that June 5th meeting to contribute to a trust the Taoiseach proposed be set up , so that further financial and other supports could be provided to people who , as children , had been in institutions they managed .
The congregations further committed themselves to identifying resources , “ both financial and other , within a transparent process with a view to delivering upon commitments made today ” .
However some of the larger congregations missed the June 24th deadline for presentation of details of their financial position and requested that they be allowed until September to do so .
They were given until mid-July and accepted that deadline which they have now missed also .
Following that June 24th meeting between representatives of the congregations , the Taoiseach and members of the Cabinet , a statement was issued by the Government stating that the congregations were expected to have submitted reports , “ signed off by their financial advisers ” , to Government “ by mid-July when a further meeting will be held . ”
It was also stated then that the Government would now move “ to appoint a panel of three eminent independent persons to assess the material submitted by the congregations and report to Government as to the adequacy of these statements as a basis for assessing the resources of the congregations ” .
Despite the passing of the mid-July deadline a week ago , some congregations have yet to submit a report on their financial position to Government ; no further meeting between Government and the congregations is currently being planned ; and the Government has yet to appoint the three person panel it promised to independently assess financial reports from the congregations .
A Government spokesman yesterday would only say that “ dialogue [ with the congregations ] was ongoing ” and “ a process was working through ” .
It now seems unlikely that further progress will be made in any of these matters before September .
The Government is to announce its plans for implementation of the Ryan report recommendations at a press conference in Dublin on Tuesday .
All 20 recommendations have been accepted by the Cabinet , including a memorial to victims of abuse in institutions which should bear the words of the apology made by the then taoiseach Bertie Ahern in 1999 and that the State should admit its failures and take steps to avoid a repetition .
It also recommended that religious congregations examine how their ideals became debased by systemic abuse and advised that more counselling , education and family tracing services should be provided .
It said that childcare policy should be child - centred with the development of a national childcare policy , with rules and regulations enforced , breaches reported and sanctions applied .
It called for proper supervision and inspections , including unannounced inspections , objective national standards and follow - up of complaints .
It said full personal records of children in care must be maintained and called for the Children First guidelines on child protection to be uniformly and consistently implemented throughout the State .
Python Solutions to 99 Prolog Problems .
Index
Problems 1 - 6
André Roberge has a zip file with solutions to the first six problems , in Crunchy format : First six
Problem 7 : Flatten a nested list structure
Based on the standard library documentation :
from itertools import chain def flatten ( listOfLists ) : return list ( chain(* listOfLists ) )
The suggested solution does not work for a list like the following :
a_list = [ 0 , 1 , [ 2 , 3 ] , 4 , 5 , [ 6 , 7 ] ]
as the argument name tries to imply , it only works for a list of lists , not a generic list of variously and mixedly nested lists and items .
Here 's a more general solution using the simple recursive approach :
def flatten ( nestedList ) : def aux( listOrItem ) : if isinstance ( listOrItem , list ) : for elem in listOrItem : for item in aux ( elem ) : yield item else : yield listOrItem return list ( aux ( nestedList ) )
This problem is also a good example of " recursion elimination " : explicitly maintain a LIFO stack of what sublists are being expanded so as to avoid actual recursion .
The rec-elim approach is usually faster and avoids issues with recursion depth limits .
Here 's a version that works when it 's OK to dismantle the input argument -- for variety , I have it build the result into another list by calls to .append , instead of using yield in an auxiliary generator and calling list ( ) on it .
def flatten ( nestedList ) : result = [ ] stack = [ nestedList ] while stack : if isinstance ( stack [ - 1 ] , list ) : try : stack.append( stack [ - 1].pop ( 0 ) ) except IndexError : stack.pop ( ) # remove now - empty sublist else : result.append(stack.pop ( ) ) return result
If you 're not allowed to dismantle the input argument , you can take a preliminary copy .
deepcopy of it as the initial item in the stack , or you can " pay as you go " by doing shallow copies " at the last minute " when needed .
Here 's an example of the latter approach , with other little variants .
Here , stack is always a list of non-empty sublists which are shallow copies of sublists from the initial argument ( and so the sublists on the stack can always be dismantled with no problems ) while leaves ( non-list subitems ) are always immediately appended to the result ( this , btw , builds up the result in a reversed way , so a call to result .
reverse becomes necessary ) .
def flatten ( nestedList ) : result = [ ] if not nestedList : return result stack = [ list ( nestedList ) ] while stack : current = stack.pop ( ) next = current.pop ( ) if current : stack.append( current ) if isinstance ( next , list ) : if next : stack.append( list ( next ) ) else : result.append ( next ) result.reverse( ) return result
Problem 8 : Eliminate consecutive duplicates of list elements
from itertools import groupby def compress ( alist ) : return [ key for key , group in groupby ( alist ) ]
Problem 9 : Pack consecutive duplicates of list elements into sublists
from itertools import groupby def pack ( alist ) : return [ list ( group ) for key , group in groupby ( alist ) ]
Problem 10 : Run-length encoding of a list
from itertools import groupby def encode ( alist ) : return [ [ len ( list ( group ) ) , key ] for key , group in groupby ( alist ) ]
Problem 11 : Modified run-length encoding
def encode_modified ( alist ) : def aux ( lg ) : if len( lg ) > 1 : return [ len ( lg ) , lg [ 0 ] ] else : return lg [ 0 ] return [ aux ( list ( group ) ) for key , group in groupby ( alist ) ]
Problem 12 : Decode a run-length encoded list
def decode ( alist ) : def aux ( g ) : if isinstance ( g , list ) : return [ ( g [ 1 ] , rang e ( g [ 0 ] ) ) ] else : return [ ( g , [ 0 ] ) ] return [ x for g in alist for x , R in aux ( g ) for i in R ]
Problem 13 : Run-length encoding of a list ( direct solution )
def encode_direct ( alist ) : def aux ( k , g ) : l = len ( list ( g ) ) if l> 1 : return [ l , k ] else : return k return [ aux ( key , group ) for key , group in groupby ( alist ) ]
Problem 14 : Duplicate the elements of a list
def dupli( L ) : return [ x for x in L for i in ( 1,2 ) ]
Problem 15 : Duplicate the elements of a list a given number of times
def dupli( L , N ) : return [ x for x in L for i in range ( N ) ]
Problem 16 : Drop every N'th element from a list
def drop ( L , N ) : return [ x for i , x in enumerate ( L ) if ( i+1 ) % N ]
Problem 17 : Split a list into two parts ; the length of the first part is given
def split( L , N ) : return L[ : N ] , L[N : ]
Problem 18 : Extract a slice from a list
Given two indices , I and K , the slice is the list containing the elements between the I 'th and K'th element of the original list ( both limits included ) .
Start counting the elements with 1 .
def slice ( L , I , K ) : return L[ I - 1:K ]
Problem 19 : Rotate a list N places to the left
def rotate( L , N ) : return L[ N : ] + L[ :N ]
Problem 20 : Remove the K'th element from a list
def remove_at( L , N ) : return L[ N - 1 ] , L[ : N - 1 ] + L[N : ]
Problem 21 : Insert an element at a given position into a list
def insert_at( x , L , N ) : return L [ : N - 1 ] +[ x ] + L[ N -1 : ]
Problem 22 : Create a list containing all integers within a given range
def irange ( I , J ) : return range ( I , J+1 )
Problem 23 : Extract a given number of randomly selected elements from a list
import random def rnd_select ( L , N ) : return random.sample(L , N )
Problem 24 : Lotto : Draw N different random numbers from the set 1
import random def rnd_select ( N , M ) : return random.sample ( range ( 1 , M+1 ) , N )
Problem 25 : Generate a random permutation of the elements of a list
import random def rnd_permu( L ) : return random.sample( L , len ( L ) )
or
import random def rnd_permu( L ) : result = list ( L ) random.shuffle ( result ) return result
Problem 26 : Generate the combinations of K distinct objects chosen from the N elements of a list
def combination ( K , L ) : if K < =0 : yield [ ] return for i in rang e ( len ( L ) ) : thisone = L[ i:i+1 ] for another in combination ( K - 1 , L[ i+1 : ] ) : yield thisone + another
in Python 2.6 + :
import itertools def combination ( K , L ) : return itertools.combinations(L , K )
Problem 27 : Group the elements of a set into disjoint subsets
A natural recursive approach requires " temporarily modifying " certain things ( the main list , the list of sublists , the list of counts of remaining lengths desired in the sublists ) ; one way to express this is by the `with ' statement and the " resource allocation is initialization " ( RAII ) idiom it enables ...:
from __future__ import with_statement import contextlib import itertools def group ( alist , glens ) : # entries in glens are ints > 0 summing to len( alist ) assert all ( g>0 for g in glens ) assert sum( glens ) == len( alist ) # return the generator made by an auxliary function return _g( alist , glens , [ [ ] for g in glens ] ) # # helpers : with - statement contexts for RAII idioms # @contextlib.contextmanager def popping ( L ) : item = L.pop ( ) yield item L.append ( item ) @contextlib.contextmanager def appending ( L , item ) : L.append ( item ) yield L L.pop ( ) @contextlib.contextmanager def decrementing ( L , index ) : L[index ] -= 1 yield L L[index ] += 1 # # helper : auxiliary recursive generator function # def _g( L , rls , grps ) : if sum ( rls ) == 0 : yield [ list ( grp ) for grp in grps ] return with popping ( L ) as item : for i , ( rl , grp ) in enumerate ( itertools.izip ( rls , grps ) ) : if rl > 0 : with appending ( grp , item ) : with decrementing ( rls , i ) : for filled in _g( L , rls , grps ) : yield filled
However , the Zen of Python says that " flat is better than nested " , and , of course , we can express _g in a much flatter way by giving up the nesting , e.g. as follows :
# # helper : auxiliary recursive generator function # def _g( L , rls , grps ) : if sum ( rls ) == 0 : yield [ list ( grp ) for grp in grps ] return item = L.pop ( ) for i , ( rl , grp ) in enumerate ( itertools.izip ( rls , grps ) ) : if rl == 0 : continue grp.append ( item ) rls[ i ] -= 1 for filled in _g( L , rls , grps ) : yield filled rls[ i ] += 1 grp.pop ( ) L.append ( item )
Which is more readable ?
" Ai posteri l'ardua sentenza ... " !-)
A more compact , if much less readable , solution ( through the use of recursion and an unfortunate number of lambda functions - in the spirit of functional programming ) :
# A list comprehension helps paste the results from combos ( below ) and the recursion together nicely def group( x , n ) : if n [ 0 ] == len( x ) : return [ [ x ] ] return [ [ y [ 0 ] ] + z for y in combos ( n [ 0 ] , x ) for z in group ( y [ 1 ] , n [ 1 : ] ) ]
# Enumerates all combinations , where each combination is paired with the remainder of the list #
This is used to simplify the recursive step in the main function ( as opposed to using itertools ' combinations function ) def combos ( n , x , cur = 0 ) : if n == 0 : return [ [ [ ] , x ] ] return [ [ [ x [ i ] ] +y [ 0 ] , y [ 1 ] ] for i in range ( cur , len( x ) ) for y in combos ( n - 1 , x [ :i ] +x [ i+1 : ] , i ) ]
This solution was tested on IDLE 3.1 , apologies to anyone for whom it does n't work .
Problem 28 : Sorting a list of lists according to length of sublists
# Part A def lsort ( L ) : return sorted ( L , key=len ) # Part B from collections import defaultdict def lfsort ( L ) : lencounts = defaultdict ( int ) for sublist in L : lencounts [ len( sublist ) ] += 1 def bylenfreq ( sublist ) : return lencounts [ len( sublist ) ] return sorted ( L , key=bylenfreq )
Problem 29 : there is no problem 29 in the original problem set
Problem 30 : there is no problem 30 in the original problem set
Problem 31 : Determine whether a given integer number is prime
Simplest approach : generate all primes , stop when the number N under test equals a prime , or is divisible by it without being equal , or when no higher prime is of interest because we 've checked all primes <= sqrt ( N ) .
import itertools def erat2 ( ) : # from Python Cookbook , 2nd Edition , recipe 18.10 D = {} yield 2 for q in itertools.islice(itertools.count(3 ) , 0 , None , 2 ) : p = D.pop( q , None ) if p is None : D[q*q ] = q yield q else : x = p + q while x in D or not ( x & 1 ) : x += p D[x ] = p def is_prime ( N ) : for p in erat2 ( ) : if N == p : return True elif p*p >
N : return
True elif N%p == 0 : return False
or ( from http://www.noulakaz.net/weblog/2007/03/18/a-regular-expression-to-check-for-prime-numbers/)
import re def is_prime ( N ) : return not re. match ( r ' ^ 1 ? $ | ^ ( 11 +? ) \1+$ ' , ' 1 ' * n )
Problem 32 : Calculate the Greatest Common Divisor ( GCD ) using Euclid 's algorithm
def gcd ( a , b ) : " " " Return the gcd of two positive integers . >>> gcd( 36,63 ) 9 >>> gcd( 63,36 ) 9 " " " while b !=
0 : a , b = b , a%b return a
Problem 33 : Determine if two numbers are coprime
Two numbers are coprime if the gcd is 1 .
So , using gcd ( ) from problem 32 .
def coprime ( a , b ) : " " " return True if ' a ' and ' b ' are coprime . >>> coprime ( 35,64 ) True " " " return gcd ( a , b ) == 1
Problem 34 : Calculate Euclid 's totient function
Use a primitive method to calculate Euclid 's totient function .
def phi(m ) : " " " calculate Euler 's totient function using a primitive method . >>> phi(1 ) 1 >>> phi( 10 ) 4 " " " if m == 1 : return 1 else : r = [ n for n in range ( 1 , m ) if coprime ( m , n ) ] return len(r )
Problem 35 : Determine prime factors of a number
import itertools def prime_factors ( value ) : " " " trial divisions are all primes because of previous reductions of value print list ( factors ( 1234567890987654321 ) ) " " " if value > 3 : for this in itertools.
chain ( iter ( [ 2 ] ) , xrange ( 3 , int ( value ** 0.5 ) +1 , 2 ) ) : if this * this > value : break while not ( value % this ) : if value == this : break value /= this yield this yield value
Problem 36 : Determine prime factorization of a number
Similar to problem P35 , except the result is a list of pairs [ p , m ] where prime factor , p , occurs m times in the factorization of the number .
Uses the function prime_factors ( ) defined in problem P35 .
def prime_factors_mult(n ) : " " " return list [ [ p_0 , k_0 ] , [ p_1 , k_1 ] , ... ] , where there are ' k_i ' occurrences of ' p_i ' in the prime factorization of n. >>> prime_factors_mult( 315 ) [ [ 3 , 2 ] , [ 5 , 1 ] , [ 7 , 1 ] ] " " " res = list ( prime_factors (n ) ) return sorted ( [ fact , res.count ( fact ) ] for fact in set ( res ) )
Problem 37 : A more efficient totient function
See Problem 34 , for a simpler implementation .
def totient ( n ) : " " " calculate Euler 's totient function .
If [ [ p_0 , m_0 ] , [ p_1 , m_1 ] , ... ] is a prime factorization of ' n ' , then the totient function phi(n ) is given by : ( p_0 - 1 ) * p_0**( m_0 - 1 ) * ( p_1 - 1 ) * p_1**( m_1 - 1 ) * ... >>> phi(1 ) 1 >>> phi( 10 ) 4 " " " from operator import mult if n == 1 : return 1 return reduce ( mult , [ ( p - 1 ) * p**( m - 1 ) for p , m in prime_factors_mult ( n ) ] )
Problem 38 : Compare totient functions
Compare the function for calculating the totient function in problems 34 and 37 .
def P38 ( printtimes =True ) : " " " Time the execution of the totient function from P34 and P37 For doctests , set ' printtimes = False ' or the doctest will likely fail , because the executions time will be different .
>>> P38 ( printtimes =False ) list of functions from fastest to slowest : totient phi " " " from timeit import Timer result = {} for funcname in ( ' phi ' , ' totient ' ) : stmt = " x = % s ( 10090 ) " % funcname setup = " from __main__ import %s " % funcname timer = Timer ( stmt=stmt , setup=setup ) result [ funcname ] = timer.timeit( number=100 ) print " list of functions from fastest to slowest : " for funcname in sorted ( result.keys ( ) , key=lambda k:result[k ] ) : print " %10s %s " % ( funcname , result [ funcname ] if printtimes else '' )
Problem 39 : Generate a list of primes in a given range
Uses primeGenerator ( ) from problem 35 .
def primelist ( lower=0 , upper=1000 ) : " " " return list of primes greater than ' lower ' and less than or equal to ' upper ' >>> primelist ( 10,30 ) [ 11 , 13 , 17 , 19 , 23 , 29 ] " " " from functools import partial from itertools import dropwhile from operator import ge return list ( dropwhile ( partial ( ge , lower ) , primeGenerator ( upper ) ) )
Problem 40 : Goldbach Conjecture
Write a function that returns the Goldbach composition of a number .
def goldbach (n ) : " " " Print goldbach composition for ' n '. >>> goldbach ( 28 ) ( 5 , 23 ) " " " assert ( n&1 == 0 ) primes = primelist ( 1 ,n ) lo = 0 hi = len( primes ) - 1 while lo <= hi : sum = primes [ lo ] + primes [ hi ] if sum == n : break elif sum < n : lo += 1 else : hi -= 1 else : print " Goldbach conjecture fails for " , n return primes [ lo ] , primes [ hi ]
Using only functions defined in previous problems , we could also implement this as the following :
def goldbach ( x ) : if x % 2 == 1 : return None return next (y for y in combination ( 2 , dupli( primes ( 1 , x ) ) ) if sum(y ) == x )
Problem 41 : Print list of Goldbach compositions
Given a range of integers by its lower and upper limit , print a list of all even numbers and their Goldbach composition .
def goldbach_list ( lower , upper ) : " " " Print goldbach composition for all even numbers greater than ' lower ' and less than or equal to ' upper ' .
>>> goldbach_list( 9,20 ) 10 = 3 + 7 12 = 5 + 7 14 = 3 + 11 16 = 3 + 13 18 = 5 + 13 20 = 3 + 17 " " " # Goldbach conjecture applies to even numbers > 2 if lower &1 : lower += 1 if lower < 4 : lower = 4 for n in range ( lower , upper + 1,2 ) : gb = goldbach ( n ) print " %d = %d + %d " % ( n , gb[ 0 ] , gb [ 1 ] )
Part 2 : print Goldbach compositions in which both primes are greater than a threshold number .
def goldbach_list ( lower , upper, threshold=0 ) : " " " Print goldbach composition for all even numbers greater than ' lower ' and less than or equal to ' upper ' .
>>> goldbach_list( 1,2000,50 ) 992 = 73 + 919 1382 = 61 + 1321 1856 = 67 + 1789 1928 = 61 + 1867 " " " for n in range ( lower , upper + 1,2 ) : gb = goldbach ( n ) if gb [ 0 ] > threshold : print " %d = %d + %d " % ( n , gb[ 0 ] , gb [ 1 ] )
Problem 42 : there is no problem 42 in the original problem set
Problem 43 : there is no problem 43 in the original problem set
Problem 44 : there is no problem 44 in the original problem set
Problem 45 : there is no problem 45 in the original problem set
Problem 46 : Print a truth table for a logical expression of two variables
def table ( expr ) : " " " print truth table for logical expression >>> table ( ' and ( A, or ( A , B ) ) ' ) A B and ( A , or ( A , B ) ) True True True True False True False True False False False False " " " # uppercase functions to avoid name clashes with # python reserved words def AND ( a , b ) : return a and b def NAND ( a , b ) : return not ( a and b ) def OR ( a , b ) : return a or b def NOR ( a , b ) : return not ( a or b ) def XOR ( a , b ) : return a ^ b def EQU ( a , b ) : return not ( a ^ b ) def IMP ( a , b ) : return not a or b # print a nice header format = " % - 5s % - 5s % - 5s " print format % ( ' A ' , ' B ' , expr ) # convert the expression to uppercase and # compile it for later ' eval ' call expr = compile ( expr.upper ( ) , '< expression > ' , ' eval ' ) for A in ( True , False ) : for B in ( True , False ) : # locals ( ) provides the environment for # evaluating the compiled expr , and # includes A , B , and the logical functions # defined above ( AND , NAND , ... ) print format % ( A , B , eval ( expr, locals ( ) ) )
Problem 47 : Print a truth table for an infix logical expression of two variables
def table ( expr ) : " " " P47 : Print a truth table for an infix logical expression >>> table ( 'A and not B ' ) A B A and not B True True False True False True False True False False False False >>> table ( ' not ( A imp B ) ' ) A B not ( A imp B ) True True False True False True False True False False False False " " " # convert infix expression to prefix ( function call ) form def to Prefix ( expr ) : from re import finditer #
Pop and operator of the operators stack and one or two operands of the # operand stack , and assembled into a call to the appropriate function .
#
The function call is pushed onto the operand stack def reduce ( operators , operands ) : op = operators.pop ( ) right = operands.pop ( ) if op == ' not ' : operands.append ( " % s( %s ) " % ( op.upper ( ) , right ) ) else : left = operands.pop ( ) operands.append ( " % s( %s , %s ) " % ( op.upper ( ) , left , right ) ) prec = { '(' : 0 , # operator precedence ' imp ' : 1 , ' or ' : 2 , ' nor ' : 3 , 'xor ' : 3 , 'equ ' : 3 , ' and ' : 4 , ' nand ' : 4 , ' not ' : 5 } # operand and operator stacks operands = [ ] operators = [ ]
# Regular expression for parsing the infix expression .
It has three # parenthesized groups , which are returned in a tuple by the groups ( ) # method of a match object ( mo ) .
The tuple is unpacked into # corresponding variables in the for - statement .
# # paren | logical operators ( curop ) |ident regex = r " ( [ ( ) ] ) |( not|and|nand|or|nor|xor|equ|imp ) |( \w + ) " for paren , curop , ident in ( mo.groups ( ) for mo in finditer ( regex , expr ) ) : # identifiers ( i.e. , variable names ) are pushed on the operand stack if ident is not None : operands.
append ( ident ) # left parens are pushed on the operator stack elif paren == '(' : operators.append ( paren ) # for a right paren , the stacks are reduced until the matching # left paren is encountered .
The left paren is discarded .
elif paren == ' ) ' : while operators [ - 1 ] != '( ' : reduce ( operators , operands ) _ = operators.pop ( ) else : # while the operator being parsed ( curop ) has a lower # precedence than the one on the top of the operator stack , # reduce the higher priority operator .
Then push the curop # onto the operator stack while operators != [ ] and prec [ curop ] < = prec [ operators [ - 1 ] ] : reduce ( operators , operands ) operators .
append ( curop ) # after the input expression is exhausted , reduce the operands on the # operand stack until it is empty while operators != [ ] : reduce ( operators , operands ) return operands.pop ( ) def NOT ( a ) : return not a def AND ( a , b ) : return a and b def NAND ( a , b ) : return not AND ( a , b ) def XOR ( a , b ) : return a ^ b def EQU ( a , b ) : return not XOR ( a , b ) def OR ( a , b ) : return a or b def NOR ( a , b ) : return not OR ( a , b ) def IMP ( a , b ) : return not a or b stmnt = compile ( to Prefix ( expr ) , '< string > ' , 'eval ' ) format = " % - 5s % - 5s % - 5s " print format % (' A ' , ' B ' , expr ) for A in ( True , False ) : for B in ( True , False ) : print format % ( A , B, eval ( stmnt, locals ( ) ) ) if __name__ == " __main__ " : import doctest doctest.testmod(verbose=True )
Problem 48 : Print truth table for logical infix expression having an arbitrary number of variables
def table ( expr ) : '''
Print a truth table for infix boolean expression with arbitrary number of variables .
Implemented as an interpreter using a recursive decent parsing technique .
Uses the tokenize module to convert expression to tokens .
>>> table ( 'A and ( B or C ) equ A and B or A and C ' ) A B C A and ( B or C ) equ A and B or A and C True True True True True True False True True False True True True False False True False True True True False True False True False False True True False False False True >>> table ( '( not A or B ) equ ( A imp C ) ' ) A B C ( not A or B ) equ ( A imp C ) True True True True True True False False True False True False True False False True False True True True False True False True False False True True False False False True >>> table ( 'A and B and C ' ) A B C A and B and C True True True True True True False False True False True False True False False False False True True False False True False False False False True False False False False False >>> table ( ' not not A ' ) A not not A True True False False ''' from tokenize import generate_tokens from StringIO import StringIO def evaluate ( expr ) : '' ' entry point for recursive decent parser / interpreter ' '' readline = StringIO ( expr ) . readline # tokenize returns a tuple .
element [ 1 ] is the text of the token # tokenize returns '' as the final token tokens = [ t [ 1 ] for t in generate_tokens ( readline ) ] [ : - 1 ] return imp_expr ( tokens ) def imp_expr ( tokens ) : '' ' imp_expr := or_expr [ ' imp ' or_expr ]*''' value = or_expr ( tokens ) while tokens and tokens [ 0 ] == ' imp ' : _ = tokens. pop ( 0 ) right = or_expr ( tokens ) value = not value or right return value def or_expr ( tokens ) : '' ' or_expr := xor_expr [ ( ' or ' | ' nor ' ) xor_expr ]*''' value = xor_expr ( tokens ) while tokens and tokens [ 0 ] in ( ' or ' , ' nor ' ) : op = tokens. pop ( 0 ) right = xor_expr ( tokens ) value = value or right if op == ' nor ' : value = not value return value def xor_expr ( tokens ) : '' ' xor_expr := and_expr [ ( ' xor ' | 'equ ' ) and _expr ] *''' value = and _expr ( tokens ) while tokens and tokens [ 0 ] in ( ' xor ' , 'equ ' ) : op = tokens. pop ( 0 ) right = and _expr ( tokens ) value = value == right if op == ' xor ' : value = not value return value def and _expr( tokens ) : '' ' and_expr := not_expr [ ( ' and '| ' nand ' ) not_expr ]*''' value = not_expr ( tokens ) while tokens and tokens [ 0 ] in ( ' and ' , ' nand ' ) : op = tokens. pop ( 0 ) right = not_expr ( tokens ) value = value and right if op == ' nand ' : value = not value return value def not_expr ( tokens ) : '' ' not_expr := [ ' not ' ] atom ' '' invert =
False while tokens and tokens [ 0 ] == ' not ' : _ = tokens. pop ( 0 ) invert = not invert value = atom ( tokens ) if invert : value = not value return value def atom ( tokens ) : '' ' atom := ' (' imp_expr ' ) ' | variable ''' if tokens and tokens [ 0 ] == '( ' : _ = tokens. pop ( 0 ) value = imp_expr ( tokens ) _ = tokens. pop (0 ) else : ident = tokens.pop ( 0 ) value = variable [ ident ] return value def combos( variable , varlist ) : ''' generate all possible combinations of values for the variables in " varlist " , updating the values in " variable " ''' if varlist == [ ] : yield [ ] else : for variable [ varlist [ 0 ] ] in ( True , False ) : for rest in combos ( variable , varlist [ 1 : ] ) : yield [ variable [ varlist [ 0 ] ] ] + rest keywords = ' and nand xor equ or nor imp not ( ) '.split ( ) readline = StringIO ( expr ) . readline # generate a list of variable names , by parsing ' expr ' and collecting # text tokens that are n't keywords .
The values are kept in the dict # ' variable ' .
variable = {} for token in generate_tokens ( readline ) : text = token [ 1 ] if text != '' and text not in keywords : variable [ text ] = text varlist = sorted ( variable.keys ( ) ) variable [ ' result ' ] = expr # format has a ' % ( varname ) - 5s ' field for each variable and result format = " " . join ( " % %(%s ) - 5s " % v for v in varlist + [ " result " ] ) print format % variable for _ in combos( variable , varlist ) : variable [ " result " ] = evaluate ( expr ) print format % variable if __name__ == " __main__ " : import doctest doctest.testmod(verbose=True )
Problem 49 : Generate list of n-bit Gray codes .
def binary String ( n, w=0 ) : " " " return binary representation of ' n ' as a ' w ' - width string .
>>> binaryString ( 6 ) ' 110 ' >>> binaryString ( 3,4 ) ' 0011 ' " " " from collections import deque bits = deque ( ) while n > 0 : bits.appendleft (( '0 ' , ' 1 ' ) [ n &1 ] ) n >>= 1 while len( bits ) < w : bits.appendleft( '0 ' ) return ''. join ( bits ) def gray ( width ) : " " " return list with ' width ' - bit gray code . >>> gray ( 1 ) [ ' 0 ' , ' 1 ' ] >>> gray ( 2 ) [ '00 ' , ' 01 ' , ' 11 ' , ' 10 ' ] >>> gray ( 3 ) [ '000 ' , '001 ' , ' 011 ' , '010 ' , ' 110 ' , ' 111 ' , ' 101 ' , ' 100 ' ] " " " return [ binary String (n ^ ( n > > 1 ) , width ) for n in range ( 2** width ) ] if __name__ == " __main__ " : import doctest doctest.testmod(verbose=True )
A much briefer , recursive solution ( employing the mirror , concatenate , prepend ' 0 ' and ' 1 ' technique found on the Wikipedia page ) :
def gray ( n ) : if n == 0 : return ['' ] return [ ' 0 '+x for x in gray ( n - 1 ) ] + [ ' 1'+y for y in gray ( n - 1 ) [ ::- 1 ] ]
Problem 50 : Generate Huffman codes
def huffman ( freqtable ) : " " " Return a dictionary mapping keys to huffman codes for a frequency table mapping keys to frequencies . >>> freqtable = dict ( a=45 , b=13 , c=12 , d=16 , e=9 , f=5 ) >>> sorted ( huffman ( freqtable ).items ( ) ) [ ( 'a ' , ' 0 ' ) , ( 'b ' , ' 101 ' ) , ( ' c ' , ' 100 ' ) , ( ' d ' , ' 111 ' ) , ( 'e ' , ' 1101 ' ) , ( 'f ' , ' 1100 ' ) ] " " " from collections import defaultdict from heapq import heappush , heappop , heapify # mapping of letters to codes code = defaultdict ( list ) #
Using a heap makes it easy to pull items with lowest frequency .
#
Items in the heap are tuples containing a list of letters and the # combined frequencies of the letters in the list .
heap = [ ( freq , [ ltr ] ) for ltr , freq in freqtable.iteritems ( ) ] heapify ( heap ) #
Reduce the heap to a single item by combining the two items # with the lowest frequencies .
while len( heap ) > 1 : freq0 , letters0 = heappop ( heap ) for ltr in letters0 : code[ ltr ] .insert(0 , '0 ' ) freq1, letters1 = heappop ( heap ) for ltr in letters1 : code[ltr ].insert(0 , '1 ' ) heappush ( heap , ( freq0+freq1 , letters0+letters1 ) ) for k , v in code.iteritems ( ) : code[ k ] = ''. join ( v ) return code if __name__ == " __main__ " : import doctest doctest.testmod(verbose=True )
Note : problems 51 - 99 still to be done ( PLEASE edit this place - holder as you do more problems ! )
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
New York has found a novel , if expensive , way of dealing with its overcrowded shelters – buying one - way tickets for homeless families to leave the city .
Under the initiative , by the administration of the mayor , Michael Bloomberg , hundreds of families have been given plane , rail , and bus tickets and even petrol vouchers to leave the city .
One homeless family of five was given $ 6,332 ( nearly £ 4,000 ) worth of travel costs to Paris , according to the New York Times .
The city justifies such costs because it argues the alternative is more expensive .
It costs New York 's taxpayers $ 36,000 to put up a homeless family in a night shelter for a year .
Families can qualify for the tickets if they have a relative in another part of the world , including the US , who says they are willing to house them .
Since the $ 500,000 - a- year scheme was launched in 2007 , 550 homeless families have been paid to leave the city .
None have come back .
" We want to divert as many families as we can that need assistance , " Vida Chavez - Downes , a city official said .
" We have paid for visas , we 've gone down to the consulate , we 've provided letters , we 've paid for passports for people to go .
Anyone who comes through our door . "
Critics have dismissed the initiative as a gimmick .
Arnold Cohen , head of a New York campaign group , Partnership for the Homeless , told the New York Times : " The city is engaged in cosmetics .
What we 're doing is passing the problem of homelessness to another city .
We 're taking people from a shelter bed here to the living room couch of another family .
Essentially , this family is still homeless . "
The closest British equivalent was an initiative in London to relocate homeless families to towns with a surplus of homes , such as Huddersfield .
Login : Password : Remember Me Register Forums >>
Brainstorms - General >>
Has Anybody Played with Flayer ( Taint Analysis and Flow Alteration Tool ) ?
Topic created on : September 18 , 2007 04:56 CDT by ero .
They announced
The
Just wondering if anyone has played with it and has some thoughts to share .
September 18 , 2007 04:56 CDT
by They announced flayer in a post on Google Security 's blog .
The paper detailing the tool was presented on woot07 .
Just wondering if anyone has played with it and has some thoughts to share .
jms September 18 , 2007 11:23.10 CDT
Have n't played with this tool yet , but it looks interesting .
LordMole September 22 , 2007 13:16.43 CDT
it gave me some ideas .
it makes it easy to confirm how crappy some protection mechanisms are .
this is a script for auto - skipping flexlm on ICC ( available for free anyhow )
#!/bin/bash
# icc_crack.sh : icc uses flexlm .
This traces functions involved in the
# license check and forcibly skips the final validation ( on success ) .
# Setup stuff from icc 's run script
INTEL_LICENSE_FILE= " "
INSTALLDIR=/ path/to/cc/9.1.038
LD_LIBRARY_PATH=" $ INSTALLDIR/lib:${LD_LIBRARY_PATH} "
DYLD_LIBRARY_PATH=" $ INSTALLDIR/lib:${DYLD_LIBRARY_PATH} " ;
PATH=" $INSTALLDIR / bin : $ { PATH} " ;
export PATH DYLD_LIBRARY_PATH
LD_LIBRARY_PATH
INSTALLDIR INTEL_LICENSE_FILE
export -n IA32ROOT ; unset IA32ROOT ;
# grabbed from the web
# -----------------------------------------------------
# The HOSTID -- [ DEMO|ANY|HOSTNAME=$HOSTNAME|USER=$USER ] ?
# uncounted -- no need for a server .
# 1 - jan-0 -- default infinite license .
# 1 - jan-1990 from $ ( strings iccbin )
# 9999.9999 is an arbitrarily high version number
# " CCompL " was given by FlexLM error messages
# " intel " wad just guessed
cat << EOF > $ INSTALLDIR/bin/cracked.lic
INCREMENT CCompL intel 9999.9999 1 - jan-0 \\
uncounted permanent \\
HOSTID=ANY ISSUED=1 - jan-1990 ISSUER=lordMOLE NOTICE =" Enjoy " \\
SN=00000000000000000000000000000000 START=1 - jan-1990 \\
SIGN=010101010101
EOF
function cleanup ( ) {
rm /tmp/icc.log &> /dev/null
rm icctest .c icctest &> / dev/null
}
trap cleanup EXIT
# run icc once under flayer tainting the license file
echo " !! performing exploratory run "
valgrind -- tool=flayer --log-file-exactly=/tmp/icc.log -- taint- file=yes \
-- file - filter= " $ INSTALLDIR/bin/cracked.lic " \
-- xml=yes \
$ INSTALLDIR/bin/iccbin &> /dev/null
# get the instruction pointers and see if any are calls we can step over .
echo " !!
extracting interesting instruction pointers "
ips=$ ( grep \<ip\ > /tmp/icc.log | # Grab the ips from the xml output
cut - f2 - d\ > |
cut - f1 - d\< |
grep 0x8 |
sort |
uniq -c |
sort - rn |
head - 30 | # top 30
tr -s ' ' |
cut - f3 - d' ' |
sed 's /\(.*\)/\1:1
\ 1:0/g ' )
# make a test C file
cat << EOF > icctest.c
#include < stdio.h >
int main ( ) { return printf ( " cracked
" ) ; }
EOF
echo " !!
$ ( echo $ips | wc - w ) candidates identified "
# Brute force our way to freedom !
trap " " ERR
cmd= " "
p= ( " . " " o " " 0 " " o " " . " ) ; r=0
echo -n " !! "
for action in $ips ; do
# no need to trace - use mkf
cmd=" mkf --alter-fn=$action $ INSTALLDIR/bin/iccbin "
echo - en " $ {p [ $ ( ( r % 5 ) ) ] }$ {p [ $ ( ( r + 1%5 ) ) ] }$ {p [ $ ( ( r + 2%5 ) ) ] }${p [ $ ( ( r+ 3% 5 ) ) ]
} "
( command $ cmd icctest .c - o icctest &> / dev/null ; :)
if [ [ - f icctest ] ] ; then
echo - en " \r !! cracked in $r attempts "
break
fi
r=$ (( r+1 ) )
action= " "
done
echo
if [ [ ! -z " $action " ] ] ; then
echo " !! creating icc-cracked "
echo " #!/bin/bash " > icc-cracked
export >> icc-cracked
echo " $ cmd \ " \$@\ " " >> icc-cracked
chmod +x icc-cracked
echo -e " . o
__m_v_m__ thanks you for your patronage
lord MOLE "
exit 0
else
echo " !! bad luck "
exit 1
fi
Note : Registration is required to post to the forums .
A file - sharing fine against a Minnesota woman that mushroomed from $ 220,000 to nearly $ 2 million last week is just the latest evidence that illegally trading music and videos online is still with us in a big way .
In the spring , while pirates off the coast of Somalia were getting all the high - seas attention , four Swedish pirates of a totally different sort were being sentenced to pay more than $ 3 million in fines and serve a year in the brig .
Their crime : running The Pirate Bay , one of the Web 's most - visited file - sharing communities .
The Pirate Bay is part of the trend of peer - to - peer technologies used to illegally swap music , videos and applications .
Public sites such as Pirate Bay , IsoHunt and Mininova index and track BitTorrent files , which allow computers to connect and download content .
People go to these sites to search for and grab music or videos .
Private " torrent " communities , such as PassThePopcorn.org , What.cd and Waffles.fm are so popular that there are many websites devoted solely to gaining entry to these cyberguilds .
What.cd , for instance , has more than 96,000 registered users .
The legal ramifications of peer - to - peer file - sharing are still being worked out , but copyright infringement is a crime .
Anyone who widely distributes copyrighted material runs a risk of being fined — or worse .
Part of the appeal of peer - to - peer file - sharing is that it is difficult to shut down because pirated files are never kept on a single server that can easily be targeted by law enforcement .
Websites such as The Pirate Bay argue that they do n't actually take part in the transfer of illegal content , they simply help users who are looking for the same files get connected .
File - sharing clubs
While The Pirate Bay and other public sites get the most news coverage , the momentum now is toward the private torrent communities :
Websites that are accessible by invitation only , have strict rules about sharing and etiquette and usually focus on a single type of pirated content , such as music or films .
PassThePopcorn.org , as the name implies , tracks only files for downloading films but offers everything from the lowest resolutions all the way up to the high - definition quality available on Blu-ray discs .
To join , you have to be invited by a current member .
The What.cd community , operating on a similar model , shares more than 270,000 musical albums representing 140,000 bands , according to internal statistics posted on its website .
Mike Masnick , CEO of research firm Techdirt , say that while private BitTorrent trackers are proliferating , it is difficult to directly assess this growth .
Shrouded in secrecy , private trackers are illegal and try not to attract attention .
In a widely publicized incident in 2007 , private community Oink.cd — whose members famously included Nine Inch Nails frontman Trent Reznor — was raided by international police organization Interpol , and a few of its members were charged with copyright infringement .
Industry fights back
It 's been 10 years since the original Napster was launched , ushering in the concept of picking up songs , TV shows and movies for free via online uploads and downloads .
And despite growing popularity of legal media sites such as iTunes , Hulu and Rhapsody , worldwide media piracy still looms large .
Scott Harrer , brand director at P2P intelligence and security firm Tiversa , said his company monitors more than 1.5 billion peer - to - peer searches a day , up from 500 million just one year ago .
Still , Recording Industry Association of America spokesman Jonathan Lamy says the tide is starting to turn , just a bit .
He points to a recent study by market tracker NPD Group showing that in 2008 , 18 % of Internet users downloaded music or other media from a pirate site , compared with 22 % who opted for a legitimate site .
The RIAA , which has initiated copyright - infringement legal action against 35,000 individuals , is no longer actively suing folks for unauthorized music sharing online .
Despite its big Minnesota win , it now prefers to work directly with Internet service providers to get its message out , via warning letters and more .
Lamy wo n't say which ISPs the RIAA is partnering with .
But he says that now someone engaging in file - sharing would simply be dropped by the ISP rather than sued .
While the industry does n't publicize the warnings , some people have posted their experiences at Broadbandreports.com and other sites .
Earlier this year at an industry conference , an AT&T executive said it , too , was giving warning letters a try .
Karl Bode , editor of Broadbandreports.com , does n't think such approaches will work : " I 've seen every attempt in the book to reduce peer - to - peer piracy , but it just continues to grow . "
Contributing : Jefferson Graham Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Two Minutes of Your Time
Writing your congressman online only takes a few minutes , and is one of the only ways we as citizens can directly encourage transparency in the Fed and Government .
Just go here , then put in your zip code .
Voila , you get a contact - form that directly reaches your local House Representative .
The House is the only branch of our government with any real authority over the Federal Reserve .
So contact your local rep ASAP and tell them you ’d like them to vote for and become a co-sponsor of the Fed Transparency Act ( HR 1207 ) .
Form letters are n’t ideal .
They are often overlooked and discarded by Congressional aides .
So write your own one ; quick , dirty , and to the point .
Something like :
Dear Congressman Smith ,
I am extremely concerned about the current actions being taken by the Federal Reserve and Treasury Department using our country ’s resources .
Our dollars are being used to bailout the same banks and institutions who created the problem .
These actions could end up eroding the value of the dollar , and having very long - lasting consequences .
Please support the Federal Reserve Transparency Act .
The least that we taxpayer citizens deserve is knowing how our money is being spent .
My future vote in this district will depend on how this economic crisis is handled .
I want transparency , and that means accounting for everything the Fed is doing .
Decisions like these will decide my votes over the coming years .
I have come to realize that our current system is corrupt and needs true reform .
People who know what ’s happening are not happy .
These moral hazards and corrupt relationships are ruining our wonderful country .
Almost everyone I talk to feels this way , and the Fed printing more money is a temporary fix .
I hope you consider my letter , and support HR 1207 .
Make it unique .
Something different will grab the attention of the aides who read this stuff , and a congressmen may actually see it .
Form letters are likely discarded most of the time .
The one annoying thing that House. gov requires is your FULL zip code to find your congressman .
You can get that here .
Still should n’t take more than 5 mins max .
Stop Ben from showering Wall St. with money , as he plainly plans to do .
Update : The Federal Reserve Transparency Act ( HR 1207 ) has 207 co-sponsors in Congress .
Full story from Nolanchart.com .
We ’re getting close .
Contact your congressmen , even if they ’re already on the list .
Just because they ’re a co-sponsor does n’t mean they are committed to voting for a bill .
Make sure they understand the importance of this vote .
1. " I hear Dave was Pullin ' a Palin at his new job after his boss yelled at him for being late all week .
" 2. " Sarah Palin was facing numerous ethics probes and public insults .
Since she does n't have the fortitude or commitment to fulfill her post as a state governor under such common scrutinizing , she announced the other day that she was Pullin ' a Palin .
It 's a good thing she was n't the Vice President at the time . "
Margaret , I watched Sarah Palin ’s resignation speech and all I have to say is , “ What the hell was that ? ” My God that woman is an idiot .
I have said this before , but I feel the need to say it again .
Her problems did not come because the media was against her .
Her problems come because every time you stick a microphone in front of her mouth a whole lot of stupid falls out .
Things are getting tough and once again she is trying to hide behind that dysfunctional family of hers .
She actually stood there and talked about how the Palins had a family meeting and everyone agreed it was time for her to step down as Governor .
Well , I call bullshit .
The only family meetings the Palins have usually involve someone peeing on an early pregnancy test stick .
The time to step down would have been back when the older daughter was knocked up and needed a little privacy .
The time to have stepped down would have been when the special needs child was a newborn and needed some peace and quiet at home with the family .
The time to put the voters or her family first has n’t happened with Sarah Palin yet and I doubt it ever will .
I would cut her some slack but she used up all her slack with me while on the campaign trail .
This is the woman who called the parts of the country where I do n’t live more Pro-American than the part where I do live .
She stirred up crowds across the country to the point that McCain campaign stops frequently resembled a lynch mob .
She mixes religion and politics like I mix gin and tonic but then calls for less government involvement .
Freedom from government is her battle cry until a vagina gets involved and then watch how much involvement she wants .
Show me a woman who is making a private medical decision to end a pregnancy and I ’ll show you a Palin screaming for more government involvement .
She was elected to be Alaska ’s Governor for four years and she bails having completed less than three .
Can you imagine what she might do if she were to ever make it to the White House ?
All it would take is for Congress to overturn one veto and the Palins would be packing up the bear skin rugs in the Oval Office .
And I bet they take all the little shampoo bottles from the private residence as well .
Like I said a few months back – that woman is a bitch .
I meant it .
Really .
But , as The Los Angeles Times pointed out , at least two of the invitations to political participants , Representative Jim Cooper , Democrat of Tennessee , and Senator Olympia J. Snowe , Republican of Maine , came from the personal e-mail address of Ms. Weymouth .
Mr. Brauchli insisted that he had not realized the full implications of the events even though Mr. Pelton told The Post ’s ombudsman that the plan was “ well developed with the newsroom . ”
The absence of a credible explanation , compounded a grievous wound to an important newspaper .
The whole episode suggests a misreading of history that has been well covered by the paper but also , and perhaps worse , a tin ear to newsroom dynamics .
Let ’s put this in context : Ms. Weymouth is confronted with the same crisis as every publisher in the country .
The Web has robbed newspapers of paying readers and advertisers , the economic downturn is cutting into what is left , and smaller , nimbler Internet competitors are learning to slake the 24 - hour news thirst on their own .
( The fact that it was Politico that broke this story only added to the sting .
Started by two former Post reporters , Politico has become a serious competitor right on The Post ’s inside - the - Beltway turf , and now has caught the paper on a fundamental lapse in the wall between church and state .
In the increasingly heated race between the mainstream media and newer , digitally enabled ones , much of the remaining competitive edge for legacy media derives from a perception that they adhere to more rigorous publishing standards .
Oops . )
So Ms. Weymouth and Mr. Brauchli are under tremendous pressure to innovate , both to cut costs and to increase revenue .
Unfortunately , neither arrive at this critical point for the industry with much equity in the newsroom they lead , because they are both relatively new .
Ms. Weymouth has some inherited good will in part because she leads an organization that is not only family - owned but is also operated like a family .
When Donald Graham was the publisher ( and Bo Jones , who succeeded him ) and Leonard Downie Jr. was the editor , they were both viewed as tradition - bound  boring even  but they both observed The Post tradition of winning over employees , not bossing them around .
California 's top accountant said the state would begin issuing IOUs to hundreds of thousands of creditors after lawmakers failed to meet its deadline this week to close a massive budget deficit .
California Controller John Chiang said Wednesday he planned to send out $ 3.4 billion of IOUs in July to state contractors and local governments , as well as to residents expecting income - tax refunds , welfare grants and college scholarships .
The ...
Gay Pride Week Action Alert : Did You Just Shake Hands With a Homo ?
These Products Can Help Sanitize : Sometimes Spraying and Wiping Is n't Enough !
Call A Baptist Pastor Immediately If You 've Experienced The Following Secret Invitation
He lived a full life , from the streets of Vermont to the top of New England ’s highest mountain to the colorful pages of a children ’s picture book
But old age and a liver tumor began taking their toll , and last week , Nin , the former mascot of New Hampshire ’s Mount Washington Observatory , was laid to rest .
He was believed to be 19 or 20 years old .
“ He was a very special cat , ’’ said Diane Holmes , a Mount Washington State Park ranger who took him in to her home in Gorham , N.H. , after he retired from his mountain life in 2007 .
“ We miss him a lot . ’’
Picked up by an observer in Vermont , Nin spent about a dozen years at the facility atop Mount Washington .
Within its cold , concrete walls , he “ brought a little piece of home ’’ to lonely staff members , interns , and visiting researchers , said executive director Scot Henley .
Undeterred by harsh weather , he would follow them around , meowing if they walked too fast for him to keep up .
He had little luck catching mice , so he preferred to ingratiate himself to summer tourists , waiting politely for scraps of food to fall off their tables .
Recently , he became the protagonist of “ Cat in the Clouds , ’’ a children ’s book written by Eric Pinder , a former weather observer at Mount Washington .
“ The idea is to give a cat ’s eye view to what it ’s like to live and work at the observatory , ’’ Pinder said .
“ Nin just had a lot of personality .
He just seemed like the perfect choice . ’’
He enjoyed his retirement , too , getting reacquainted with the valley , its trees , birds , bugs , sounds , and smells .
He took long walks and watched red and gray squirrels .
Tired from the exercise , he napped .
He was a problem solver , Holmes said .
Too old to jump , he would figure out ways to climb to the highest surfaces in search of food meant for Holmes ’s other two cats .
His failing health prompted her and her husband , Michael Pelchat , also a ranger , to have him euthanized July 14 .
Holmes said his burial site overlooks the Northern Presidential range of mountains .
Jayakrishna can be reached at njayakrishna@globe.com .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
( CNN ) -- A Southern California teenager has serious bragging rights :
After docking back in his home state late Thursday morning , Zac Sunderland , 17 , can claim to be the youngest person to sail around the world alone .
The hardest part of a solo voyage is always being tired , Zac Sunderland says .
Sunderland was greeted with thunderous applause and congratulations as he arrived at Marina del Rey in his 36 - foot sailboat .
" It 's kind of crazy to have it done now because , I mean , for the past year I 've been just fighting for the next ocean , fighting to get back .
And now I 'm back so it 's amazing , " he said .
The teen acknowledged the 27,500 - mile voyage was n't easy .
He told CNN that pirates off the coast of Indonesia gave him quite a scare .
" [ I ] had a boat circle in and ended up calling in the coast watch and they chased them off but , yeah , [ I ] lucked out there !
About an hour and a half of hell . "
Severe storms also were a problem , he said .
Sunderland 's
Web site says he bought the boat with his own money .
His parents had hoped he would find something that would spark a fire in him , a passion that would direct him away from all the negative and harmful influences that are so prevalent in society , but even they were stunned by the scope of his dreams and desires , it says .
Watch Sunderland give advice to fellow teens »
He was 16 when he left Marina del Rey on June 14 , 2008 , aboard his boat , Intrepid .
Solitude and exhaustion were just a couple of factors that faced him each day .
Campbell Brown Zac Sunderland , the youngest person to sail around the world alone , takes your questions and talks to Campbell Brown
Tonight 8 pm ET see full schedule »
" The hardest constantly was the tiredness , " he said .
" I mean , you get over the loneliness , but tiredness , it 's an ongoing thing .
Half the time I have n't slept in 48 hours and it's just hard to get enough rest . "
Sunderland said he made some good contacts along the way .
" It 's interesting just thinking back to the different places in the world because I have so many friends in different parts of the world that are like family , you know , and all these different experiences , " he said .
" It 's an amazing year .
It seems like yesterday that I was here but in other ways it seems like a hundred years . "
So what 's next ?
" Yeah , I do n't know , just go chill with my friends , " he said .
" Go skate .
Go do something normal for a change , you know . "
CNN 's Sara Weisfeldt contributed to this report .
RIP Karl Malden ( updated )
Like all character actors , Karl Malden never got quite the same level of attention as costars like Marlon Brando , Vivien Leigh , Steve McQueen , Anthony Perkins , Montgomery Clift , Michael Caine , and George C. Scott .
Even the seventies TV series he starred in , “ The Streets of San Francisco ” found him being overshadowed in the eyes of the teenybopper set by his young punk of a male ingenue costar , Michael Douglas .
That was largely because Malden was the kind of performer who understood that acting is a team sport .
His best scenes were like great duets with near perfect communication between him and his scene partners .
The exception were American Express travelers ’ checks ; those , he wiped off the screen .
Karl Malden died today at age 97 , having been more or less fully retired since appearing in a 2000 episode of “ The West Wing . ”
While he was never precisely an A - lister , he was a go - to actor for secondary leads , president of the Motion Picture Academy , and as far as I can tell a universally respected figure among actors and everyone else associated with the movie industry .
He was also married to the same woman for seventy years , a rare enough Holllywood achievement to merit it ’s own special Oscar .
Not a bad life .
Below the fold is a video tribute I found that , from the misspellings , I gather may come from Serbia .
( Malden , whose real name was Mladen Sekulovich , was the son of a Serbian father and a Czechoslovak mother . )
The image quality could be better and some of the clips are a little too brief , but it does give you an excellent overview of his truly diverse film career , which included work with some of the greatest Hollywood directors including Elia Kazan , John Frankenheimer , and Alfred Hitchcock .
It also includes some interesting moments from two oddball spy films , “ Murderer ’s Row , ” which I have n’t seen , and the underrated “ Billion Dollar Brain , ” which included some pretty amazing scenes between Malden and Michael Caine as his old spy buddy , Harry Palmer , as well as Françoise Dorléac as his treacherous spy girlfriend ( though he ’s pretty tricky himself ) .
This scene from “ A Streetcar Named Desire ” may be a bit much for the Tennessee Williams - unfriendly , but it ’s a special favorite of mine .
Every time I see “ Streetcar , ” I forget I ’m watching Karl Malden and Vivien Leigh , too very familiar faces to this film geek , and wind up hoping that somehow poor Blanche and Mitch will find happiness .
( In case you have n’t seen the movie or the play , let ’s just say the odds are slim . )
That ’s acting .
And , finally , his best known role .
< Sigh >
My good pal Zayne has more video at More a Legend Than a Blog .
Check it out .
UPDATE : Christoper Campbell of SpoutBlog has a very good rundown of other blog postings on Karl Malden ’s passing ( which I ’m happy to say includes us ) .
He also mentions yet another celebrity death , the passing of actor and singer Harve Presnell , whose credits ranged from the Coen Brothers ’ “ Fargo ” to such now semi - or completely forgotten sixties film musicals as “ The Unsinkable Molly Brown , ” “ When the Boys Meet the Girls ” and the legendary “ Paint Your Wagon ” ( where , it ’s safe to say , he easily out - sang costars Clint Eastwood and Lee Marvin ) .
He was also Daddy Warbucks — a part he was born to play in his later days — in touring productions of “ Annie ” and also did some really funny work as a gruff detective emeritus on the sadly canceled “ Andy Barker , P.I . “
Advertisements
On his radio show today , Rush Limbaugh quickly went on record as proclaiming that he wants Obama Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor to fail .
Rush said , “ Do I want her to fail ?
Yeah . ”
He also called her a reverse racist appointed by the greatest living example of reverse racism .
What is a reverse racist ?
Here is the audio from Media Matters :
Advertisements
Limbaugh said , “ Here you have a racist .
You might want to soften that , and you might to say a reverse racist , and of course libs want to say minorities ca n’t be racists because they do n’t have the power to implement their racism .
Well those days are gone , because reverse racists do have the power to implement their power , Obama is the living greatest example of a reverse racist and now he has appointed one , Sonia Sotomayor to the Supreme Court . ”
What is a reverse racist ?
I know that he is playing off of the term reverse discrimination , which is where policies designed to combat discrimination actually discriminate against a non-minority .
Would n’t a reverse racist be the opposite of racist ?
This is gibberish .
Later Rush proclaimed that he wanted Sotomayor to fail , just like Obama is going to fail .
The buzz words that Limbaugh is trying to attach to the Sotomayor nomination is reverse racism .
By the way , I would love to ask Rush how a man who is half white and half black is a racist ?
This too , makes no sense .
The claim that Sotomayor is an activist judge can be leveled at any federal appeals court judge , Republican or Democrat .
Every time the federal court of appeals reverses a decision they adjusting policy in some manner .
If this is going to be the Republican argument , it is not going to hold up well .
Unless there is something devastating in her background that would cause Democrats not to support her , she will be confirmed with relative ease .
The hypocrisy here is that Republicans love activist judges when they are Republican activists .
The truth is that powerless Rush Limbaugh ’s illogical rants will not derail Sonia Sotomayor ’s nomination .
News conference by the family of murder victim LaTeisha Green
Syracuse , NY - As Onondaga County 's first prosecution of a hate - crime murder case begins today , family and supporters of the victim urged state and federal politicians to pass legislation that protects transgendered people .
Dwight DeLee , 20 , of Gifford Street , is charged with second - degree murder as a hate crime in the Nov. 14 shooting death of Moses Cannon , 22 , a transgendered person who went by the name LaTeisha " Teish " Green .
The prosecution contends the victim was targeted because of sexual orientation , making it a hate crime prosecution .
Jury selection started today .
" We call upon the lawmakers to be courageous and do the right thing by passing hate crime legislation that protects transgender people like Teish from violence and discrimination , " said Rhonda Gary , Green 's aunt , who read a statement prepared by the family .
Green 's mother , Roxanne , was going to read the statement but was too distraught to do so .
" We call upon the court to deliver justice for our beloved Teish , " Gary said .
Green 's extended family supported her since her decision at age 16 to start dressing as a woman .
" But we could n't shield her , " Gary said .
" She regularly received death threats and was beaten up by her peers in schools .
.$?.$?.
We will never get to watch Teish achieve her goals , simply because someone was blinded by their bias against Teish and who she was . "
Michael Silverman , Executive Director of Transgender Legal Defense & Education Fund , urged New York lawmakers to pass the Gender Expression Non-Discrimination
Act , which includes transgenders in hate crime protection laws .
The state Assembly already has passed the law ; it 's pending in Senate .
" It is inexcusable that transgender people are excluded from hate crime protections in New York state while so many other categories of people are protected , " Silverman said .
Nationally , the Matthew Shepard
Act would provide hate crime protection for lesbians , gay men and transgenders , Silverman said .
" Everyone should be treated with dignity and respect , " said Kim Dill , spokesperson for The Rainbow Alliance of Central New York , which has been working to increase awareness about hate crimes motivated by bias against gender identity and sexual orientation .
Thirteen other states already have included gender identity and expression in hate crimes and human rights laws , said Ross Levi , director of Public Policy & Education for the Empire State Pride Agenda .
" It 's an outrage that transgender New Yorkers continue to be targeted for violence and discrimination based solely on who they are , " Ross said .
Bubble Deniers
“ War Criminal says Sorry , Sobs , ” was the headline in the Nation on February 9th , 2004 .
Robert McNamara had just done something extraordinary for Secretaries of War : with tear in his eyes , he apologized for his role in the Vietnam War .
The war made ghosts out of 58,000 American soldiers .
On the Vietnamese side , the total was over a million .
This week , McNamara went to meet them .
Why do smart people do such stupid things ?
The French had already shown what Western powers were up against in Indochina .
De Gaulle had warned Kennedy that it was a “ rotten ” country .
Still , the United States sent in troops … and McNamara , to his credit , spent the last 40 years of his life regretting it .
We do not disrespect the shades here on the back page .
But once they are down , we can hardly wait for the autopsy report .
We want to know what was wrong with them .
McNamara had a brain “ like a computer , ” say the morticians .
Too bad .
He needed more than that .
Robert McNamara was described in the obituaries as the “ architect ” of the Vietnam War .
This is libelous to real architects ; as near as we could tell , the war went on without plans or blueprints .
Instead , Robert McNamara took an economist ’s approach to war .
His formula had only three numbers : how much damage he could inflict on the enemy ; at what price ; and how much pain the Vietcong / North Vietnamese could stand .
Later , he discovered that the enemy was n’t even counting .
Long gone are the days when economists thought deeply about how life actually works .
Adam Smith , Adam Ferguson , Anne-Robert Turgot – the great “ moral philosophers ” – all died hundreds of years ago .
Since then , the trade has gone bad .
They ’re all numbers guys now .
An economist , of the modern variety , is a statistician … an extrapolator …and a mountebank .
If numbers go up two months in a row , he predicts they will go up another one .
He rarely stops to ask whether his numbers really make any sense .
Instead , he merely adds them up and rolls them out .
Thus – at the bubbly top in 2006 – he was he able to describe the likelihood of default on a certain derivative instrument as a “ Six Sigma event ” without laughing .
A Six Sigma event happens once every 2,500,000 days .
Then again , when the Bubble of 2002 - 2007 popped , they happened once a week .
The blogs are full of chatter on the subject .
What good is the economics profession , asks Paul Samuelson , if it cannot foresee the biggest single economic event in at least a quarter - century ?
Yet , those same economists – who had failed so miserably at diagnosis and prevention – they barely hesitated .
Rather than spend months in drunken shame , contemplating their own incompetence , and wondering what a bubble really is , they denied the wild bubble side of life altogether …and tried their hands at prescription .
President Obama ’s economics advisors went to Congress last autumn to predict that without the stimulus measure joblessness in the United States could rise to 8 % !
Bernanke made it seem that if the bill was n’t passed that day , the economy may cease to exist all together .
How he could know the future , when he demonstrably knew so little about the recent past , was a mystery .
Still , the politicians responded by enacting the biggest bank bailout boondoggle in history .
What would have happened had the legislators failed to jump when economists threw them a bone ?
We do n’t know .
But we know what happened after the stimulus measures were passed – they failed to stimulate .
The employment numbers for June showed that economists had misjudged both the direction and the speed of the oncoming bus .
Instead of shifting down , the rate of job losses increased to 9.5 % in the United States .
Instead of going forward , the economy was backing up !
Do these setbacks cause economists to stop and wonder if their theories are bogus and their numbers are nonsense ?
Nope , they do what McNamara did .
They turn up the heat .
They propose to spend more money they do n’t have on more programs that do n’t work .
Predictably , Obama advisor Laura
Tyson now suggests that the stimulus thus far is “ too small . ”
Other economists too are talking about a “ son of stimulus , ” that will offer even more credit to the debt - saturated consumer .
Only trouble is , neither consumers , businesses nor banks cooperate .
Despite trillions in cash and credit to the financial system , lending is still going down .
Robert McNamara was as smart as any of today ’s number crunchers .
A Harvard “ whiz kid ’ with a ‘ can do ’ attitude , he was one of the ‘ brightest and the best , ’ the kind of American that makes you proud to be one .
He was an efficiency expert .
But everything has its place .
Poetry is not much in demand from bridge builders .
In love , war and bubbles , on the other hand , rational efficiency is at best a second tier concern .
When asked to take the job at the Defense Department , McNamara replied to John Kennedy that he was “ not qualified . ”
That was the last thing he was right about .
As to everything else , he missed the point completely .
Sometimes it is the brain that fails .
Sometimes , it is something else .
Enjoy your weekend ,
Bill Bonner
The Daily Reckoning
By Tim Whewell
BBC Newsnight reporter
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Russian billionaire Oleg Deripaska has told the BBC he is considering breaking his connection with Britain .
" I 'm not sure I will have any links with Britain in the future , " he said in an exclusive interview with Newsnight .
The possible move follows the collapse of a Birmingham - based van firm Mr Deripaska once owned .
Last summer then EU trade commissioner Lord Mandelson and shadow chancellor George Osborne were involved in controversy after a party on his yacht .
Mr Deripaska was speaking as he took me on a personally - guided tour of his Russian industrial empire - the most extensive the publicity - shy tycoon has ever given a journalist .
One of Russia 's richest men , Mr Deripaska still owns a house bought for an estimated £ 25 m ( $ 40 m ) on one of London 's most exclusive squares .
I was n't considering in those days whether they were British politicians .
It was my summer holiday
Oleg Deripaska on the " yachtgate " scandal
He said firmly that he still regards Lord Mandelson , now the business secretary , as his friend .
And he described their relationship as " good " , asking : " Why should it have changed ? "
But he also told me : " I do n't understand your country .
" You have a lot of achievements , but at the moment you are in a kind of fire .
" You need to change so many things you inherited from the post - industrial economy - I just can't see any benefit in what the media are doing with your politicians right now . "
' A good dinner '
He is particularly annoyed at the reporting of the party last summer including Lord Mandelson and the shadow chancellor , Mr Osborne , when his 72 - metre yacht , the Queen K , was moored off Corfu .
Mr Deripaska said : " I was n't considering in those days whether they were British politicians .
It was my summer holiday . "
The Queen K was the unlikely setting for a meeting that rocked politics " We had a good dinner , there were many people and I 'm surprised they picked on these poor guys and screwed them in the press , " he added .
The scandal erupted because Mr Deripaska controls most of Russia 's aluminium - and Lord Mandelson then oversaw EU metal tariffs .
I asked Mr Deripaska if he ever benefited from their relationship .
" Benefited from friendship ? " he asked indignantly .
" It 's not my business .
Whatever I did in my life , I did myself . "
Lord Mandelson has already denied he did " any favours " for Mr Deripaska - and the EU commission has said a 2005 decision to remove punitive import tariffs on aluminium foil , that appeared to benefit Mr Deripaska 's company Rusal , was taken without Lord Mandelson 's personal intervention .
After the meeting in Corfu , George Osborne was accused by Mr Deripaska 's friend - the banker Nathaniel Rothschild , who was at also at the party , of having used the occasion to solicit a donation to the Conservative Party - a claim he has strongly denied .
Disappointment with Britain Speaking about the allegations for the first time , Mr Deripaska said : " I tried to stay away from Russian politicians - why should I move towards British politicians ?
" I can't see that anyone from Britain would ask me - it 's unbelievable . "
George Osborne and Peter Mandelson were left at daggers drawn
He says he has not been in Britain for more than a year and does not currently hold a British visa .
His disappointment with the country is fuelled partly by the failure to save LDV , the British van - maker he owned , from bankruptcy .
As the recession bit , his car company , GAZ , stopped funding the loss - making LDV and backed a management buy - out bid .
But hopes that the government might support the project with a substantial cash injection came to nothing .
After " yachtgate " , did Mr Mandelson keep the Russian tycoon 's interests all the more firmly at arm 's length ?
It was Ian Pearson , the junior business minister , who spoke for the government on LDV , while his boss remained silent .
Perhaps , I suggested to Mr Deripaska , one reason LDV was not rescued was that politicians now feel they have to be over - careful in dealing with him .
I know what the minimum level of life is - and anything extra looks like paradise
Oleg Deripaska
" In this sense , it would be so wrong for the country , " he answered .
" You have a good company , good people and complex manufacturing .
" There are only a few left in Britain  engineering companies that can support production  and based on a wrong press , someone could push them out of business .
Why ? "
When pressed on whether the government should have bailed LDV out , he said simply : " It 's their decision - I can't judge . "
Disputed figures
For now , Mr Deripaska has wider problems than Britain .
According to Forbes magazine , his fortune has shrunk over the last year from £ 28 bn to just £ 3.5 bn .
Mr Deripaska disputes those figures , saying he was never as rich as has been claimed .
The billioniare says he was raised in a village " at the minimum level of life "
He said : " Whoever counted , it was based on assets only , in the most positive scenario . "
He says he does n't know how much money he has , but he admits he took risks as his company , Basic Element , has diversified into more and more sectors including metals , cars , construction , aviation , financial services , and energy .
It has depended partly on huge foreign bank loans which he is now attempting to restructure .
" If you want to grow at 2 - 3 % a year it 's not a problem , " he said .
" But if you want to grow 15 - 20 % a year it 's a risk , it 's a ride on a wild horse . "
He says he likes horses - and then laughs .
He is disarmingly charming - at 41 , boyish not only in his looks , but also in energy and enthusiasms .
Expanding into nuclear ?
As we toured the assembly line at the GAZ plant at Nizhny Novgorod - the most automated , he says , in the country - he told me he is convinced his new Russian car , the Volga Siber , will be a best - seller when the economy picks up .
Later , as we took a helicopter trip over the Sayan Mountains of southern Siberia , near his aluminium smelter , he talked of expanding into other metals - and even of building nuclear power stations .
And where does his determination come from ?
Vladimir Putin owns a 1956 Volga - will Mr Deripaska 's model be as loved ?
He does n't like talking about his childhood , a time without luxuries , his father dead and his mother often absent .
But eventually he said : " I was raised in a small village .
" I know what the minimum level of life is - and anything extra looks like paradise . "
He laughed .
" That 's why I prefer not to count problems , but just think about what may be in the future . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
You are not logged in .
Login or Signup
Hahahahaha YES !
Going viral in 4 ...3....2....1.... ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:40 , archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:40 ,
and the best thing is , I do n't think its in bad taste
it 's how I 'd want to be laid to rest if I was him ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:42 , archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:42 ,
As ever , if a joke is well done then I 'm more than happy to laugh without guilt .
I really hope this does n't get lost in a threadrush , it 's just so good .
:) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:43 , archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:43 ,
if it is it is
such is the way of b3ta ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:45 , archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:45 ,
I received this at work this morning
at about 10 o'clock .
I knew instantly it was BarryHeadWound but I did n't realise you were involved as well .
Quickest I have ever been emailed a b3ta image ... ever ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 14:41 , archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 14:41 ,
I 'd agree with that
Non -bad taste jokes that are still funny are always a tricky art , so very well done to you & Barry ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 12:33 , archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 12:33 ,
Oh you guys !
archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:41 ,
Fucking win sir !
To you for the animating , and Barryheadwound for the stellar idea :D ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:41 , archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:41 ,
up all night sir ? :)
nice . ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:41 , archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:41 ,
no did it just now
www.b3ta.com/board/9546429
you can check the times here ..... archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:42 ,
To be honest I was on the board at 1 am looking for a post from you :)
( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:46 , archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:46 ,
Again I 'm amazed at what you 're able to do in only about half an hour ...
top marks , sir ! ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 10:02 , archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 10:02 ,
Ha ha ha
Well done , sir ! ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:42 , archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:42 ,
hahaha
most ace .
Kerlick ! ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:42 , archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:42 ,
Awesome .
( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:43 , archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:43 ,
Hahaha
Yays ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:44 , archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:44 ,
Nicely done
:) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:45 , archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:45 ,
That 's marvellous !
* clicks * ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:48 , archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:48 ,
Top stuff Toasty !
( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:50 , archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:50 ,
hahahaha
excellent ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:51 , archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:51 ,
spiffo ! :)
( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:54 , archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:54 ,
bollocks !
* closes photoshop * ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:56 , archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:56 ,
Ha ha
VG ! ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:57 , archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 9:57 ,
* applauds *
Well done , sirs .
( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 10:01 , archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 10:01 ,
Hahahaha
Genius ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 10:02 , archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 10:02 ,
Genius
click ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 10:12 , archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 10:12 ,
' kin ten out of ten
:D ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 10:23 , archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 10:23 ,
Nice work sir
Thought it said HAPPYHEADWOUND there for a moment ;) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 10:25 , archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 10:25 ,
hahaha !
love it ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 10:36 , archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 10:36 ,
Oh god yes !
Sorry senor - been in a meeting .
Lovely :D ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 10:38 , archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 10:38 ,
hahahahaharrrrr
what a good day to b3ta ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 11:01 , archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 11:01 ,
arfage !
I love this damn site .
when i heard mj died , I laughed thinking what I will see the next days on b3ta ...
zombies , rotting corpses doing the moonwalk etc ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 11:33 , archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 11:33 ,
Hahahaha !!
( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 12:34 , archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 12:34 ,
Superb !
. ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 14:43 , archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 14:43 ,
damn
outstanding chaps ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 17:35 , archived ) ( , Fri 26 Jun 2009 , 17:35 ,
By Shilpa Kannan
India Business Report , BBC World , Delhi
With many mouths to feed , Pushpa is struggling .
Finding rice to feed her family is a daily struggle for 30 - year - old mother Pushpa .
Pushpa lives with her ailing in - laws , five children and her husband in a crowded slum in east Delhi .
Pushpa 's husband earns about $ 10 a month selling herbal medicine - so several days a month , the family has to go to bed hungry .
Two of her five children have been in and out of hospitals for severe malnutrition .
In the heart of Delhi , families such as Pushpa 's are registered with the government and have been issued identity cards that entitle them to subsidised rice .
But they rarely get their share .
Pushpa is angry .
" I voted this government into power but to no avail , " she says .
" No one is taking care of us .
" We even have our identity cards that entitle us to subsidised food .
The government has promised us cheap rice and wheat , but we get nothing .
" My children are dying of hunger .
How can I feed them ?
They keep falling sick . "
Costly malnutrition
The proposed Food security act will guarantee 25 kilograms of food grain to the poorest people at a subsidised cost
Parshuram Ray , the director of Centre for Environment and Food Security
That is why non-governmental organisations such as the Centre for Environment and Food Security are now campaigning for the government to guarantee food as a basic right to poor people .
Despite government food schemes having existed for more than 30 years , Indian malnutrition and child mortality rates are worse than in Sub- Saharan Africa .
Even in urban centres such as Delhi there are millions of people who cannot afford to eat .
By some estimates , malnutrition has led to an economic loss of $ 29bn a year - equivlent to almost 4 % of India 's gross domestic product , or GDP .
Right to food Parshuram Ray , the director of Centre for Environment and Food Security , says almost 80 % of Indians do not get enough to eat .
We want it to be more investment oriented , more infrastructure projects , simplification of tax procedures , rationalisation - rather than major cuts in taxes , which the government can't afford at this point of time
Chandrajit Banerjee , director of the Confederation of Indian Industry " The proposed Food security act will guarantee 25 kilograms of food grain to the poorest people at a subsidised cost , " he says .
" It also gives people the right to go to courts and demand their right to food .
If not delivered , officials can be held responsible and it will be a punishable offence . "
A law that guarantees food security can be life - changing for poor people .
But it is the implementation of this law that is worrying industrialists .
While nobody disagrees with the law , its cost might exceed $ 10 m .
Add that to the existing welfare schemes , such as the National Rural Employment , the fertilizer subsidies , or the waiver of crop loans for farmers - as well as the fuel subsidy for Indian consumers - and the handouts bill is pretty high .
Rising spending
In April this year , total government spending reached $ 13.5 bn , up 43 % from the same period last year .
If the government helps us with tax incentives , interest subsidies and post - export incentives , it will not just help us keep the company running , but also help our employees
Abdul Rashid , director , National Masala Mills Critics fear that if the government continues to spend at this pace it will have huge negative implications for the Indian economy .
The borrowing target has already been raised to $ 76bn for this year from an earlier prediction of $ 62bn .
The current government has been voted in on a powerful mandate so the expectation from both people and the industry for the upcoming budget is running high .
While poor people such as Pushpa are looking for a respite from their troubles , lobby groups and industrialists are knocking on the doors of the finance ministry to make sure their voice is heard too .
India has announced three stimulus packages for the industry since December .
Taxes on consumer products have been cut in an effort to boost consumer demand .
But the widening fiscal deficit is still worrying the Indian Industry .
Some estimate that the government is spending 7 % more than it is getting in from taxes and other income sources .
Such a 7 % fiscal deficit would be the highest in 19 years .
Investment budget
As a result of the government 's financial constraints , industry expects less assistance in this budget .
Exporters want credit subsidies kept in place .
Chandrajit Banerjee , director of the Confederation of Indian Industry , says industry will look at the budget in a manner where you get the benefits without much of a fiscal stimulus .
He says that Budget 2009 - 10 should be an " investment budget " to enable India to deal with the global economic crisis and aim at leading the economy to a growth rate in excess of 8 % in the coming year .
" Therefore we want it to be more investment oriented , more infrastructure projects , simplification of tax procedures , rationalisation - rather than major cuts in taxes , which the government can't afford at this point of time . "
Cheap credit
But smaller companies are worried .
The failure to feed the poor is costing vast sums every year .
National Masala Mills is an exporter of Indian spices to the Middle East , UK and Africa .
In its factory on the outskirts of Delhi , hundreds of women are employed to clean , sort and grade their spices .
The air is heavy and pungent as women dressed in bright red tunics are cleaning baskets of red chillies .
The chillies are then machine ground and filled into sacks ready to be exported .
The global economic crisis has been a huge blow to National Masala Mills .
So the company has high hopes that the upcoming budget will provide them with a stimulus package .
Company director Abdul Rashid says they support more than 4,000 families in procuring raw material , manufacturing and marketing their spices .
" If the government helps us with tax incentives , interest subsidies and post - export incentives , it will not just help us keep the company running , but also help our employees , " he says .
Exporters are usually provided credit at a rate that is some 2.5 percentage points below the prime lending rate ( PLR ) of banks .
But this arrangement comes to an end on 30 September this year .
So Mr Rashid wants an extension of interest subsidy for the sector to help access cheap credit and remain competitive .
Huge drain Back in the Delhi slums , Pushpa and her neighbours settle down for their evening prayers .
As they huddle together singing Hindi hymns thanking god for their daily bread , children line up for free sweets at the end of the session .
Many others hope Pranab Mukherjee , India 's finance minister , will hand out sweeteners of his own .
But feeding its people and funding its industry is going to be huge drain on the country 's treasury .
And it remains to be seen whether the finance minister can deliver the economic miracles that millions of people want .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Cambridge Police Sergeant James M. Crowley listens as representatives of various police unions speak in support of Sergeant Crowley at a news conference in Cambridge , Massachusetts July 24 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Brian Snyder
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A prominent black Harvard University scholar has accepted an invitation to have a beer with President Barack Obama and the white police officer who arrested him in a racially charged case .
Professor Henry Louis Gates said Saturday he was willing to have a peace - making beer with Obama and Cambridge , Massachusetts , police Sgt. James Crowley .
Gates was arrested last week at his home after a neighbor called police to say that a man was breaking into the house .
Obama said Cambridge police had “ acted stupidly , ” prompting an outcry from police groups and a resulting media blitz .
Obama later telephoned both men and , on Crowley ’s suggestion , invited the two to the White House for a beer .
“ I am pleased that he , too , is eager to use my experience as a teaching moment , and if meeting Sgt. Crowley for a beer with the president will further that end , then I would be happy to oblige , ” Gates said in a statement on TheRoot.com , an Internet newsletter he edits .
Gates said he hoped his arrest would help reduce racial profiling by law enforcement agencies .
The fight over school curriculum in Texas , recently focused on biology , has entered a new arena , with a brewing debate over how much faith belongs in American history classrooms .
The Texas Board of Education , which recently approved new science standards that made room for creationist critiques of evolution , is revising the state 's social studies curriculum .
In early recommendations from outside experts appointed by the board , a divide has opened over how central religious theology should be to the teaching of history .
...
We saw this video hours ago and we 're still trying to recover from the sheer WTF - ness of it .
Suffice to say the headline delivers as promised .
Also , there is no hope for humanity .
Advertisement
If you 've been around Jalopnik for more than a few days , you know we 're no strangers to the bizarre , but we 're having a hard time writing at the moment because this whole thing is so utterly ridiculous we 're laughing like idiots just thinking about it .
A Michael Jackson - inspired dance throw - down ahead of kicking a very large repo man in the taint ?
Really ?
You have to see it to believe it below .
It 's around 1:50 in when the taint - kicking occurs .
Click to viewSweet mercy , we need some air or we 're gonna pass the hell out from laughing .
Let 's just say we never imagined when we went into the auto - blogging business , there would ever be a need for a " kicked in the taint " tag .
Whether real or not , it 's really hilarious .
[ StupidVideos ]
Since 2001 , Swiss - based not - for - profit organisation ACT Responsible ( Advertising Community Together ) , has been collecting global advertising that ' promotes responsible communication on sustainability , equitable development and social responsibility ' in a bid to highlight how the creativity of advertising professionals can be used to address the world 's problems .
Among its 2,500 ads from more than 40 countries and 140 award - winning agencies is a striking collection of adverts that focus on environmental and social issues : from deforestation to recycling and conserving water to climate change
Rocky Balboa is a struggling boxer trying to make the big time , working as a debt collector for a pittance .
When heavyweight champion Apollo Creed visits Philadelphia , his managers want to set up an exhibition match between Creed and a struggling boxer , touting the fight as a chance for a " nobody " to become a " somebody " .
The match is supposed to be easily won by Creed , but someone forgot to tell Rocky , who sees this as his only shot at the big time .
Written by Murray Chapman < muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au >
Following the recent jury decision against alleged file sharer Jammie Thomas , in which the woman was fined $ 80,000 USD for each of the 24 songs she shared via P2P , the popular artist Moby has written a blog entry claiming the RIAA " should be disbanded " for using the wrong techniques against people who are just trying to listen to music .
His full post :
" The riaa have sued Jammie Thomas - Rasset of minnesota for $ 2,000,000 for illegally downloading music .
argh .
what utter nonsense .
this is how the record companies want to protect themselves ?
suing suburban moms for listening to music ?
charging $ 80,000 per song ?
punishing people for listening to music is exactly the wrong way to protect the music business .
maybe the record companies have adopted the 'it 's better to be feared than respected ' approach to dealing with music fans .
i do n't know , but ' it 's better to be feared than respected ' does n't seem like such a sustainable business model when it comes to consumer choice .
how about a new model of 'it 's better to be loved for helping artists make good records and giving consumers great records at reasonable prices ' ?
i'm so sorry that any music fan anywhere is ever made to feel bad for making the effort to listen to music .
the riaa needs to be disbanded . "
Fighting for Internet Freedom Pirate Party Makes Bid for German Parliament
Germany 's recently enacted legislation against online child pornography has sparked a new movement , Germany 's Pirate Party .
But can the champion of the Internet community appeal to a wider audience and survive as a party on the national stage ?
Von Merlind Theile
shlomif_tech
[ shlomif ]
I 've written about File - Find - Object before , but I 've intended to write an entry demonstrating its philosophical advantages over the core File : : Find module .
Today , I 'd like to get to it .
As opposed to File : : Find , File - Find - Object :
Has an iterative interface , and is capable of being interrupted in the middle .
Can be instantiated and be used to traverse an arbitrary number of directory trees in one process .
Can return result objects instead of just plain paths .
I 'd like to demonstrate some of these advantages now .
Case Study # 1 : Looking for a Needle in a Haystack
Let 's suppose you have a huge directory tree containing many directories and files , and you 're looking for only one result ( or a few ones ) .
Once you found that result you wish to stop .
This question was raised in this Stack Overflow post .
So how can you do it with File : : Find ?
Not very easily .
Either you can throw an exception : sub process File ( ) { if ( $_ =~ / target / ) { die { type => " file - was - found " , path => $ File : : Find : : name } ; } } eval { find ( \&process File , $ mydir ) ; } ; if ( $ @ ) { my $ result = $ @ ; if ( ( ref ( $ result ) eq " HASH " ) && ( $ result - > {type} eq " file - found " ) ) { my $ path = $ result -> { path} ; # Do something with $ path .
} elsif ( $ result ) { die $ result ; } } else { # be sad }
This is incredibly inelegant , and abuses the Perl exception system for propagating values instead of errors .
But there 's even a worse way , using $ File : : Find : : prune : #!
/usr / bin/ perl -w use strict ; use File :: Find ; my @hits = ( ) ; my $ hit_lim = shift || 20 ; find ( sub { if ( scalar @hits >= $ hit_lim ) { $ File : : Find : : prune = 1 ; return ; } elsif ( -d $ _ ) { return ; } push @hits , $ File : : Find : : name ; } , shift || '.' ) ; $ , = "
" ; print @hits , "
" ; Here , we prune all the levels from the results up to the root to get out of the loop .
So how can you do it with File - Find - Object ?
In a very straightforward manner : #!/usr / bin/perl use strict ; use warnings ; use File : : Find :: Object ; sub find_needle { my $ base = shift ; my $ finder = File : : Find :: Object -> new ( {} , $ base ) ; while ( defined ( my $r = $ finder -> next ( ) ) ) { if ( $r =~ / target / ) { return $ r ; } } return ; } my $ found = find_needle ( shift ( @ARGV ) ) ; if ( defined ( $ found ) ) { print " $ found
" ; } else { die " Could not find target . " ; } The find_needle ( ) function is the important thing here , and one can see it does n't use any exceptions , excessive prunes or anything like that .
It just harnesses the iterative interface of File - Find - Object .
And it works too : shlomi:~$ perl f-f-o- find - needle.pl ~/progs/ /home/shlomi/progs/Rpms/BUILD/ExtUtils-MakeMaker-6.52/t/dir_target.t shlomi:~$ Case Study # 2 : Recursive Diff
Let 's suppose an evil djinni has removed the -r flag from your diff program , making you unable to recursively find the differences between files in two directory tree .
As a result , you now need to write a recursive - diff program in Perl that will run diff -u on the two copies of each equivalent path in the two directorie .
Since File :: Find cannot be instantiated two times at once , then when using it , we will need to collect all the results from both directories , and then traverse them in memory .
But with File - Find - Object there is a better way : #!/usr / bin/perl use strict ; use warnings ; use File :: Find :: Object ; use List:: MoreUtils qw( all ) ; my @indexes = ( 0,1 ) ; my @paths ; for my $ idx ( @indexes ) { push @paths , shift ( @ARGV ) ; } my @finders = map {
File :: Find :: Object -> new ( {} , $ _ ) } @paths ; my @results ; my @fns ; sub fetch { my $idx = shift ; if ( $ results [ $idx ] = $ finders [ $idx ] ->next_obj ( ) ) { $ fns [ $idx ] = join ( " / " , @ {$results [ $idx ]->full_components ( ) } ) ; } return ; } sub only _in { my $idx = shift ; printf ( " Only in %s : %s
" , $ paths [ $idx ] , $ fns [ $idx ] ) ; fetch ( $idx ) ; return ; } for my $ idx ( @indexes ) { fetch ( $idx ) ; } COMPARE : while ( all { $ _ } @results ) { my $ skip = 0 ; foreach my $ idx ( @indexes ) { if (!$results [ $idx ] ->is_file ( ) ) { fetch ( $idx ) ; $ skip = 1 ; } } if ( $ skip ) { next COMPARE ; } if ( $ fns [ 0 ] lt $ fns [ 1 ] ) { only_in( 0 ) ; } elsif ( $ fns [ 1 ] lt $ fns [ 0 ] ) { only _in ( 1 ) ; } else { system ( " diff " , " - u " , map { $ _ -> path ( ) } @results ) ; foreach my $ idx ( @indexes ) { fetch ( $idx ) ; } } } foreach my $ idx ( @indexes ) { while ( $ results [ $idx ] ) { only _in( $idx ) ; } } ( As a bonus , we do not need to sort the results explicitly at any stage , because File - Find - Object sorts them for us . )
This program did not take me a long time to write , it works pretty well , and does populate a long list of results of one or both directories .
Conclusion
If you use File - Find - Object instead of File :: Find , your code may be cleaner , your logic less convulted , and you may actually be able to achieve things that are not possible with the latter .
I hope I whet your appetite here and convinced you to give File - Find - Object a try .
So what does the future holds ?
I recently ported File - Find - Rule to File - Find - Object and called the result File - Find - Object - Rule .
As a result , " -> start " and " -> match " are now truly iterative , and I believe you can iterate with them on several objects at once .
As I discovered by porting File - Find - Object - Rule - MMagic , I unfortunately cannot maintain full backwards compatibility with the plugin API of File - Find - Rule , because the latter exposes some of behaviour of File : : Find ( in a leaky abstraction fashion ) .
I 'm planning on porting more File - Find - Rule plugins to File - Find - Object - Rule , and would appreciate any help .
I also would like to look at the directory tree traversal APIs of other languages to see if they contain any interesting techniques .
1868 : Alvin J. Fellows of New Haven , Connecticut , receives a patent for a spring - click tape measure .
His improved design creates a useful and enduring tool .
The invention originated in Sheffield , England , historic center of England 's steel industry .
An official city marker on an old factory there recounts that James Chesterman patented the spring tape measure in 1829 .
According to the plaque , he also " invented the self - winding window blind and the first woven metallic tape . "
Chesterman was in the business of making " flat wire " for the fashion industry .
Dressmakers used loops of it to hold the shape of the crinoline hoop skirts then in fashion .
A really fluffed - out , layered hoop skirt could use 180 feet of the wire .
The inventive steelmaker had developed a heat - treating process that made the flat wire stronger and thus easier to produce in continuous unbroken lengths .
But changing fashions would see the crinoline market fall flat , leaving the manufacturer up to his bustle with surplus metal tape .
Chesterman decided to put graduated marks on very long steel tapes , so he could market them to surveyors as a lightweight " Steel Band Measuring Chain . "
In contrast to heavy , bulky surveyors ' chains , he touted that his product " has equal strength , greater correctness , is easier to clean , and to coil and uncoil , and is very much lighter and more compact . "
Lightweight or not , Chesterman 's tapes had a hefty price .
They sold in the United States for $ 17 — about $ 300 in today 's money .
Fellows ' contribution was seemingly limited .
His patent application acknowledged that he " fit the spiral or helical springs , to wind up the tape , in the usual way . "
But he proposed a novel method to attach the spring clip that locks the tape in " any desired position , " so it does n't retract until you release the clip .
The application made further concessions to the existing technology :
I am aware that metallic cases have been used with the same kind of main - spring , and with a click - spring attached to the removable side or cap of the case , by being soldered to its inner surfaces , and a knob attached to the outer surface of the said removable side , to release the click , and allow the tape to be drawn in by the mainspring ; I therefore do not claim any such device .
What he did claim was that his improvements — a unique combination of a case , cover plate , click spring , lever and knob — constituted a new invention " when the whole is constructed , arranged , and fitted for use . "
They were incremental changes to a device for measuring increments .
And that 's how a fellow named Fellows got the first U.S. patent for a spring tape measure .
Even so , the click - spring , steel tape measure did not attain immediate widespread use .
The carpenter 's folding wooden ruler remained the most popular collapsible measuring device in the United States until at least the 1940s .
Source : Various
* Image : Alvin J. Fellows ' patent illustrations
*
See Also :
Your complimentary articles
You ’ve read one of your four complimentary articles for this month .
You can read four articles free per month .
To have complete access to the thousands of philosophy articles on this site , please SUBSCRIBE NOW
Editorial
The Edge of Knowledge
by Grant Bartley
Epistemology is the mining boss of philosophy .
It digs deep into the foundations even of philosophy itself .
The word means the study of knowledge ( from the Greek episteme meaning ‘ knowledge ’ or ‘ belief ’ , or in some circles , ‘ faith ’ . )
Its question is , How can we be sure about anything ?
René Descartes asked this question in its most radical form when he said : if a powerful , evil demon set out to mislead us about everything , then how could we tell ?
If we could n’t tell , how do we know that there really is n’t such a demon ?
Less generally , how can you ever credibly claim to know something before you can say how you know it ?
Put this way , it ’s not hard to see that epistemology is at the base of science , philosophy , religion and many other areas of human endeavour .
But the ways we know things may differ from field to field .
How do we know when a theory is scientifically valid ?
Here , what we want to know is whether it is an accurate description of the world , within its limits .
The methodology of science is to compare the theory with whatever it is that the theory is about , then refine the theory as necessary until it gives a description consistent with what is observed .
( As to which theories are scientific , a set of possible criteria is proposed by Russell Berg on p.14 . )
Science is about the observed world .
The principle of how we know something to be true in science is , we know this is the way the observed world behaves because this is how it may best ( ideally , incontrovertibly ) be observed to behave .
Maths proofs are good for maths .
In an attempt to uncover a general pattern for knowledge , perhaps we could redescribe the process of mathematical discovery so that it too could be thought of as comparing a theory to what that theory is about .
Here the evidence for the conclusion would be the steps it takes to get there .
Similarly for arguments of logical symbolism : the evidence would be the steps in the argument .
Thus what counts as evidence would be different for different domains , evidently .
( Philosophy does n’t count as purely logical , because as soon as signs are used as language , possible meanings for each sign multiply exponentially .
Peter Rickman argues that psychology cannot be considered science for this precise reason . )
Aside from the incontrovertible parts of science , maths and logic , can any other way of thinking strictly be called ‘ knowledge ’ – that is , yielding an assurance of truth ?
Could there be ways to what might rightly be called knowledge concerning religious experience , emotional intuitions , philosophical ideas too ?
Why / why not ?
( And which way ?
Kile Jones reports on the split between analytical and continental philosophy in thought and method . )
To say that ‘ religious experience ’ for instance is inadmissible as evidence begs the question of what is admissible .
However , the enquirer should also ask why and which religious experience is admissible .
Why trust this type ?
The unflinching claim to know something without the willingness ( or ability ) to respectably say how , is the most philosopher - baiting aspect of dogmatism .
The core impulse of reason , the demand for understanding , requires openness to all questions , especially concerning how ideological claims to knowledge are justified , because of the significant implications of these claims .
On the other hand , a sceptic ’s lack of imagination is not necessarily the same as a discernment of truth .
We look at religious knowledge - claims from both sides in the book reviews section of this issue .
Even if in the less provable areas we can’t have what could strictly be called knowledge , in the sense of ‘ incontrovertible assurance ’ , so what ?
Does n’t the question of what to believe in these situations simply soften into ‘ What ’s the most reasonable thing to believe ? ’
This will not satisfy the truly paranoid Cartesian , but scepticism to the extent that we ca n’t trust anything we can’t incontrovertibly demonstrate , is only really useful as an exercise in delimiting the borders of certainty .
Nevertheless , it ’s a paradox of philosophy , or at least an irritation , that you ca n’t often prove philosophical views ; you can only give your best reasons to support them – and these are only the reasons you ’re prepared to settle for …
On the bright side the acknowledgement of fallibility can have a moderating effect on the passions of zealotry .
As with anything , the claims of any religion are only as justified as the best reasons to believe they ’re true – yet a wider appreciation of this fact this might just take the edge off the absolute justification of idiotic and barbaric acts in the name of The Truth .
The value of a good philosophy of knowledge can be seen in all the fruits of science .
Thus , contrary to Descartes ’ mental quicksand , and in the face of the fears of all who do not trust questioning – who fear their belief - systems might be undermined by too many questions – we can view the epistemological mission as benevolent : to increase the stock , strength and detail of our most reasonable beliefs by providing them with the strongest foundation of justification possible ; and perhaps to open up new ways of knowing .
Engaging the epistemological understanding which is the touchstone of scientific research was like stepping into a hidden grotto universe .
Who knows what knowledge is possible if we find equally good ways of knowing for other areas of enquiry too ?
Grant Bartley is Assistant Editor of Philosophy Now .
His book The Metarevolution is available as a free download from philosophynow.org .
Overcoming Social Inertia
by Richard Stallman
Almost two decades have passed since the combination of GNU and Linux first made it possible to use a PC in freedom .
We have come a long way since then .
Now you can even buy a laptop with GNU / Linux preinstalled from more than one hardware vendor — although the systems they ship are not entirely free software .
So what holds us back from total success ?
The main obstacle to the triumph of software freedom is social inertia .
It exists in many forms , and you have surely seen some of them .
Examples include devices that only work on Windows , commercial web sites accessible only with Windows , and the BBC's iPlayer handcuffware , which runs only on Windows .
If you value short - term convenience instead of freedom , you might consider these reason enough to use Windows .
Most companies currently run Windows , so students who think short - term want to learn how to use it and ask their schools to teach it .
Schools teach Windows , produce graduates that are used to using Windows , and this encourages businesses to use Windows .
Microsoft actively nurtures this inertia : it encourages schools to inculcate dependency on Windows , and contracts to set up web sites that then turn out to work only with Internet Explorer .
A few years ago , Microsoft ads argued that Windows was cheaper to run than GNU / Linux .
Their comparisons were debunked , but it is worth noting the deeper flaw in their argument , the implicit premise which cites a form of social inertia : “ Currently , more technical people know Windows than GNU / Linux . ”
People who value their freedom would not give it up to save money , but many business executives believe ideologically that everything they possess , even their freedom , should be for sale .
Social inertia consists of people who have given in to social inertia .
When you surrender to social inertia , you become part of the pressure it exerts on others ; when you resist it , you reduce it .
We conquer social inertia by identifying it , and resolving not to be part of it .
Here a weakness holds our community back : most GNU / Linux users have never even heard the ideas of freedom that motivated the development of GNU , so they still judge matters based on short - term convenience rather than on their freedom .
This makes them vulnerable to being led by the nose by social inertia , so that they become part of the inertia .
To build our community 's strength to resist , we need to talk about free software and freedom — not merely about the practical benefits that open source supporters cite .
As more people recognize what they need to do to overcome the inertia , we will make more progress .
There 's a last - ditch effort to save the traditional Irish pub , but they have been closed for six months now and it may be too late for many of them .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Hoping to align religious tradition with modern life , the Church of England has introduced a new “ two - in - one ” marriage and baptism ceremony that allows couples who already have children to tie the knot .
“ Family - friendly weddings ” will make it easier for those with children to marry in church , the Church of England said on Thursday as it launched an appeal to cohabiting couples in an increasingly secular Britain .
If successful , it would also mean more young people being baptised into the Church .
The decision follows research showing that one in five couples in Britain who get married in church already have children .
But critics say such a move condones sex before marriage and will reinforce the trend towards cohabitation .
“ This is a response to the demand that is on us as a church to meet people who come to us for this key event in their lives , ” said a Church of England spokesman .
While the Church , fighting to retain numbers , seeks to attract worshippers with a more flexible and modern approach , some clergy say the move breaks with traditional ethics .
“ It is a huge mistake .
You cannot have the two - in - one , they do not go together , ” said retired Reverend Beverley Thompson .
Thompson , who took early retirement from the Church of England after the ordination of female priests in 1994 , said it destroyed the distinct sacraments of matrimony and baptism .
“ That really is giving the okay to cohabiting , ” he said .
“ It is an attempt to meet people where they are , but the Church has to serve people not on their terms but on God’s . ”
The Church of England said it was not condoning sex before marriage but giving people the option to celebrate their lives , and those of their children , in a more relevant way .
“ We are not changing our teachings .
It is not something that should particularly contradict views of traditionalists , ” said a spokesman for the Church , which has about 1.7 million regular worshippers , but which has seen Sunday church attendance in Britain decline sharply over the past decade .
The two - in - one ceremony costs about 300 pounds ( $ 500 ) -- little different to the cost of holding the ceremonies separately .
But it offers the chance of large savings on celebrations , avoiding the need to hold two separate events , the possible hiring of two venues and sets of caterers .
“ It is more convenient , more environmentally friendly with people just making the journey once , ” said a Church spokesman .
Protests in 80 world cities demanded the release of those detained in Iran
One of the defeated moderate candidates in Iran 's presidential election , Mehdi Karroubi , has accused security forces of using harsher methods than Israel .
" The behaviour of Iran 's security agents is worse than those of the Zionist in occupied Palestine , " a statement on his website said .
Hundreds were arrested following protests against President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's re-election last month .
Activists around the world demonstrated against the crackdown on Saturday .
Mr Karroubi and other moderate candidates say the 12 June election was marred by massive fraud .
Iran 's top election body , the Council of Guardians , has said the poll was free and fair .
Officials results gave Mr Ahmadinejad more than 62 % of the vote .
' In the gutter '
Days of streets protests against the election results were violently suppressed , drawing international condemnation .
A letter to Intelligence Minister Gholamhossein Mohseni - Ejei posted on Mr Karroubi 's website says that " women were attacked with clubs and beaten and thrown in the gutters " during the protests .
" This is more painful in comparison to crimes committed by the Zionists against the oppressed people of Palestine ...
The Zionist aggressors have some reservations when it comes to confronting women . "
A separate statement signed by Mr Karroubi , as well as leading moderate candidate Mir Hosein Mousavi and former President Mohammad Khatami , also criticised the crackdown .
It called the government 's interrogation methods " a reminder of the dark era of the Shah " .
The authorities say most of those arrested in the wake of the election have been released .
Meanwhile activists have taken part in a " global day of action " on Iran .
Protests supported by leading groups such as Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International were held in 80 cities - including Sydney , Seoul , Geneva , London , Paris , Brussels , Berlin , and Dublin .
The demonstrators urged the Tehran authorities to free those arrested .
Many held pictures of people they say remain in jail .
Some placards showed Neda Agha Soltan , the 27 - year - old woman whose death was captured on a video that was posted on the Internet .
In Amsterdam , Iranian Nobel Peace prize laureate Shirin Ebadi called on the international community to reject the outcome of the election .
In Bishkek , the capital of the central Asian republic of Kyrgyzstan , nine human rights activists marching towards the Iranian embassy were detained and fined for illegally protesting .
Two days ago Kyrgyz President Kurmanbek Bakiyev won a second presidential term in an election criticised by foreign monitors .
If dad looks exhausted this Father 's Day it could be due to his job , suggests new research that found many male employees are now pressured to work up to 40 hours of overtime - - often unpaid -- per week to stay competitive .
Women face the same pressures , but family obligations may force them to work fewer hours on the job , putting them at risk for demotions or even firings .
The new findings , published in the journal Gender & Society , add to the growing body of evidence that heightened competition in the workplace , combined with modern business practices , are resulting in near - unprecedented levels of overtime that may not even be productive in the long run .
" This clearly does not ease the situation for women and men who want to combine career and family - life , " concluded lead author Patricia van Echtelt and colleagues .
" Moreover , a growing body of literature shows that working long hours does not automatically lead to greater productivity and effectiveness , and thus not necessarily contributes to employers ' needs but potentially harms the well - being of employees . "
The extensive study looked at the working habits of 1,114 male and female Dutch employees .
While the researchers indicate their findings could apply to other countries , they chose to focus on the Netherlands , where outside family support , such as childcare , has been unable to meet the growing demands .
Van Echtelt , a Netherlands Institute for Social Research scientist , and her team found that , among the survey respondents , 69 percent of all men worked overtime versus 42 percent of women .
Women who work overtime do so at a rate that is about one - third lower than that of their male colleagues .
It 's " usually explained by the continuing trend for women to be more involved in unpaid family work , " the researchers noted .
And even when partners share family chores , " men often characterize their contribution as ' helping ' their wives , without feeling to have the main responsibility . "
The researchers therefore predict families with more kids and at - home responsibilities will become " more constrained in their opportunities to indulge the ' choice ' to work overtime . "
Choice is turning into expectation at most companies built upon the " team work " model , with pressures coming from project teams , responsibility for meeting profit or production targets , imposed deadlines and employees left to manage their own careers .
A separate study at a software engineering firm , for example , determined that interdependent work patterns , " a crisis mentality , " and a reward system based on individual heroics led to " inefficient work processes and long working hours . "
Cornell University 's Youngjoo Cha , who led another U.S. data - based study accepted for publication in the American Sociological Review , found that if a husband works more than 60 hours a week , his wife is 42 percent more likely to leave her position .
Cha , who agrees with the Dutch findings , said , " The norm of overwork systematically disadvantages women , who are less likely to work long hours because of the expectation that they will have primary caregiving responsibilities and do more housework than men . "
In future , van Echtelt and her team hope that businesses will value their " employees more for their efficiency and relational skills and less for their crisis mentality and working long hours . "
###
Consistently ranked as a top journal in both Women 's Studies and Sociology by the Thomson Scientific Journal Citation Reports® , Gender & Society focuses on the social and structural study of gender as a basic principle of the social order and as a primary social category .
Emphasizing theory and research from micro- and macrostructual perspectives , Gender & Society features original research , reviews , international perspectives , and book reviews from diverse social science disciplines , including anthropology , economics , history , political science , sociology and social psychology .
convocato il nostro ambasciatore a teheran
Attacco diplomatico dell ' Iran all ' Italia : « Uso della forza della polizia nel G8 »
Teheran « Condanna l'uso della forza da parte della polizia per reprimere le manifestazioni degli oppositori »
TEHERAN ( IRAN ) -
Un attacco diplomatico che ha il sapore della rivalsa dopo le proteste dei Paesi occidentali alla repressione nel sangue delle manifestazioni in Iran .
L'Iran « condanna l'uso della forza da parte della polizia italiana per reprimere le manifestazioni degli oppositori » al summit G8 dell ' Aquila , invitando il governo italiano a rispettare gli impegni internazionali .
È quanto si legge sull ' agenzia ufficiale iraniana Fars , che riporta anche come l'ambasciatore Alberto Bradanini sia stato convocato oggi al ministero degli Esteri di Teheran .
LA DICHIARAZIONE - La protesta di Teheran arriva dopo che nel documento finale i leader del G8 hanno espresso preoccupazione per i recenti sviluppi in Iran .
Hanno deplorato la violenza post elettorale nel paese , l'interferenza rispetto ai media , la detenzione ingiustificata di giornalisti e gli arresti di cittadini stranieri .
Nella bozza del testo si fa riferimento anche all ' impegno per trovare una soluzione diplomatica al fallimento continuativo da parte dell ' Iran nell ' adempiere ai suoi obblighi internazionali rispetto al suo programma nucleare .
Gli otto leader hanno anche condannato le dichiarazioni del presidente Ahmadinejad che negano l'Olocausto .
The story we have all heard is that dinosaurs died out 65 million years ago and therefore were n’t around when Noah and company set sail on the Ark around 4,300 years ago .
[ Editor ’s Note ( July 2016 ) : See the latest research by AiG ’s Ark Encounter researchers on Ark animals , size , logistics , and other details at ArkEncounter.com . ]
The story we have all heard from movies , television , newspapers , and most magazines and textbooks is that dinosaurs “ ruled the Earth ” for 140 million years , died out 65 million years ago , and therefore were n’t around when Noah and company set sail on the Ark around 4,300 years ago .
However , the Bible gives a completely different view of Earth ( and therefore , dinosaur ) history .
As God ’s written
Word to us , we can trust it to tell the truth about the past .
( For more information about the reliability of Scripture , see Get Answers : Bible . )
Although the Bible does not tell us exactly how long ago it was that God made the world and its creatures , we can make a good estimate of the age of the universe by carefully studying the whole counsel of Scripture :
God made everything in six days , and rested on the seventh .
( By the way , this is the basis for our seven day week — Exodus 20:8 –11 ) .
Leading Hebrew scholars indicate that , based on the grammatical structure of Genesis 1 , these “ days ” were of normal length , and did not represent long periods of time ( see Get Answers : Genesis ) .
We are told God created the first man and woman — Adam and Eve —on Day 6 , along with the land animals ( which would have included dinosaurs ) .
The Bible records the genealogies from Adam to Christ .
From the ages given in these lists ( and accepting that Jesus Christ , the Son of God , came to Earth around 2,000 years ago ) , we can conclude that the universe is only a few thousand years old ( perhaps just 6,000 ) , and not millions of years old ( see also “ Did Jesus Say He Created in Six Literal Days ? ” ) .
Thus , dinosaurs lived within the past few thousand years .
So , Were Dinosaurs on the Ark ?
In Genesis 6:19 –20 , the Bible says that two of every sort of land vertebrate ( seven of the “ clean ” animals ) were brought by God to the Ark .
Therefore , dinosaurs ( land vertebrates ) were represented on the Ark .
How Did Those Huge Dinosaurs Fit on the Ark ?
Although there are about 668 names of dinosaurs , there are perhaps only 55 different “ kinds ” of dinosaurs .
Furthermore , not all dinosaurs were huge like the Brachiosaurus , and even those dinosaurs on the Ark were probably “ teenagers ” or young adults .
Dogs , wolves , and coyotes are probably from a single canine “ kind , ” so hundreds of different dogs were not needed .
Creationist researcher John Woodmorappe has calculated that Noah had on board with him representatives from about 8,000 animal genera ( including some now - extinct animals ) , or around 16,000 individual animals as a maximum number .
When you realize that horses , zebras , and donkeys are probably descended from the horse - like “ kind , ” Noah did not have to carry two sets of each such animal .
Also , dogs , wolves , and coyotes are probably from a single canine “ kind , ” so hundreds of different dogs were not needed .
According to Genesis 6:15 , the Ark measured 300 x 50 x 30 cubits , which is about 510 x 85 x 51 feet , with a volume of about 2.21 million cubic feet .
Researchers have shown that this is the equivalent volume of over 500 semitrailers of space .
1
Without getting into all the math , the 16,000 - plus animals would have occupied much less than half the space in the Ark ( even allowing them some moving - around space ) .
Conclusion
The Bible is reliable in all areas , including its account of the Ark ( and the worldwide catastrophic Flood ) .
A Christian does n’t have to have a blind faith to believe that there really was an Ark .
What the Bible says about the Ark can even be measured and tested today .
For answers to other objections about the biblical account of Noah ’s Flood and the Ark ( e.g. , Where did all the water come from ?
How did Noah collect and then care for the animals ?
etc. ) , see the books featured below .
“ Was There Really a Noah ’s Ark & Flood ? ” covers these particular “ problems ” related to Noah ’s Flood , and Noah ’s Ark : A Feasibility Study covers these and more in detail .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - Workers in China have become more aware of their rights and willing to go to court to fight for them , but are still hampered by an official ban on independent unions , a labour activist said on Thursday .
Publicity over the 2008 Labour Contract Law , which was opposed by some private business owners and foreign investors , is partly responsible for increased awareness , said Geoffrey Crothall , editor of China Labour Bulletin ( CLB ) , which on Thursday released a survey of labour disputes in China .
Local governments are also becoming somewhat more accommodating of workers ’ claims , although in some industries , particularly coal mining , they collude with bosses to stamp out worker action , he said ..
“ In general , the Chinese government is more conciliatory towards Chinese workers , but that ’s not to say that everything in the garden is rosy , ” Crothall told reporters .
“ Workers are still harassed and detained , although they are less likely to receive long prison sentences .
Collectively , Chinese workers still lack a mechanism to resolve disputes stemming from unpaid wages and poor working conditions , particularly after an economic downturn last year and made economic growth China ’s main priority , he said .
The state - backed All China Federation of Trade Unions is unlikely to fight for workers against owners , since its branches are often dominated by management and local party officials .
The union , which collects dues from members ’ wages , last year made a strong push to expand into foreign multinationals ’ operations in China .
Chinese workers are forbidden from forming independent trade unions .
But singly , workers have seen increased success when they pursue cases through the courts , CLB found .
“ The legal process does work .
There are still lots of problems , but if the worker manages to take the boss to court , and manages to jump through the hoops , there ’s a good chance he ’ll win , ” Crothall told reporters .
That has spurred some bosses to hire their own lawyers and attempt to drag out court cases until the plaintiffs give up , Crothall said .
Ironically the Labour Contract Law also contributed to abuses before it was implemented last year , as many factory owners tried to fire long - time employees and reinstate them as sort - term workers in order to deny them benefits .
CLB founder Han Dongfang , a worker activist during the Tiananmen protests of 1989 , was imprisoned and exiled from China and now runs the organisation from Hong Kong .
Didier Drogba has been handed a six - game European ban – the last two of which are suspended for two years – following his behaviour after Chelsea 's Champions League semi-final defeat to Barcelona .
The Chelsea striker confronted the referee , Tom Henning Ovrebo , who had rejected four Chelsea penalty appeals during the second leg of the semi-final , at the end of the game before shouting " it 's a fucking disgrace " into a TV camera .
Chelsea 's Jose Bosingwa has received a four - game ban , one of which is suspended , for offences in the same match .
The Portugal defender had labelled Ovrebo a " thief " after the game , a comment he later retracted .
The club have been fined £ 85,000 ( €100,000 ) for " the improper conduct of their players and the throwing of missiles by their supporters " at Stamford Bridge .
The match saw Barcelona equalise in the final minutes to go through on away goals .
Drogba , Bosingwa and Chelsea have three days in which to appeal the decision and the club are today considering their response to Uefa 's decision .
" We 've received the Uefa verdict and we 'll now take time to assess it in full and consider our response .
There is unlikely to be further comment on it tonight , " said a Chelsea spokesman .
Religious freedom is guaranteed under Malaysian law
Police in Malaysia have said they will release nine Christians mistakenly accused of trying to convert Muslim university students to Christianity .
A university security guard wrongly thought they were handing Christian pamphlets to Muslims , police said .
Trying to convert Muslims to another religion is forbidden in Malaysia , though Muslims may proselytise .
Members of religious minorities have complained that their rights are being ignored in Muslim - majority Malaysia .
The nine Christians , five students and four friends from Hong Kong , were arrested late on Tuesday at Universiti Putra Malaysia in Serdang , near Kuala Lumpur .
District police chief Zahedi Ayob said they had been distributing questionnaires to other Christians , not Muslims , as security guards at the university had believed .
Religious disharmony investigation
The arrests followed a controversy last week centring on two journalists who wrote about hiding their Muslim identity in order to receive Communion at a Roman Catholic church .
One of the journalists said they were investigating reports that Muslims had committed apostasy by attending prayers or Communion at the church , but that they found no evidence of this .
A Christian priest complained about the article , published in the Malay - language magazine al - Islam .
Police said officials were investigating whether the two men had caused religious disharmony , a crime punishable by up to five years in prison .
Religious issues are highly sensitive in Malaysia , which has a 60 % Muslim population .
Christians , Buddhists and Hindus make up most of the rest of the population .
Religious freedom is guaranteed by law , but minority groups have accused the Muslim Malay majority of trying to increase the role of Islam in the country .
I ’ve noticed that I have n’t been posting that many weddings recently .
Not because of my laziness …. well def.
because of my laziness
So here ’s one from Ukraine … a really cool couple and we had so much fun taking pictures .
So , without any due …
LETS BURN THE BRIDE
-
Pope Benedict today pinned responsibility for the worldwide recession squarely on greed and an amoral fascination with technological progress for its own sake .
This must be tackled , he said , by the creation of a global political authority and financial order based not just on the search for ever greater profits , but on ethics and a sense of the common good .
The pontiff made the appeal in a 144 - page encyclical – a reflection on doctrine that is the highest form of papal writing – three days before he was due to discuss the global downturn with Barack Obama .
Caritas in Veritate ( Charity in Truth ) is Benedict 's third encyclical and the first to deal exclusively with economic and social issues .
In one section , he says the current economic crisis is " clear proof " of the " pernicious effects of sin " .
The pope 's analysis echoed some of the criticisms made by the archbishop of Canterbury , Rowan Williams , of government policies that target growth to the exclusion of wider social considerations .
But , as its title suggests , the papal encyclical is a primarily theological discourse which takes as its point of departure the argument that only a belief in the truth as proclaimed by Christianity can offer the necessary answers .
" A Christianity of charity without truth would be more or less interchangeable with a pool of good sentiments , " Benedict writes .
His reflection – delayed by more than a year by the world economic crisis – nevertheless contains numerous specific criticisms and recommendations .
Though the pontiff does not use the word " capitalism " in the encyclical , there are lengthy reflections on morality in economics .
In a key passage , the encyclical says : " The conviction that the economy must be autonomous , that it must be shielded from ' influences ' of a moral character , has led man to abuse the economic process in a thoroughly destructive way .
In the long term , these convictions have led to economic , social and political systems that trample upon personal and social freedom , and are therefore unable to deliver the justice that they promise . "
Then in an unequivocal critique of unbridled markets , the pope writes that " grave imbalances are produced when economic action , conceived merely as an engine for wealth creation , is detached from political action , conceived as a means for pursuing justice through redistribution . "
At a press conference in the Vatican , the pope 's technical consultant , Stefano Zamagni , an economics professor at the University of Bologna , denied the encyclical was anti-capitalist , but added that it " views capitalism in its historical dimension and goes beyond it " .
He noted that " the market economy is broader than just capitalism " , which was merely one variant .
In another section of the reflection , Benedict argues that " financiers must rediscover the genuinely ethical foundation of their activity … right intention , transparency , and the search for positive results are mutually compatible and must never be detached from one another . "
Then , in a passage that builds on ideas first voiced by his predecessor , John Paul II , the pope argues that globalisation has made necessary a " reform of the United Nations Organisation and likewise of economic institutions and international finance so that the concept of the family of nations can acquire real teeth " .
One of his most senior advisers , cardinal Renato Martino , said : " The encyclical is not asking for a super - or world government . "
But it comes very close to doing so .
It proposes a " true world political authority " that " would need to be universally recognised and to be vested with the effective power to ensure security for all , regard for justice and respect for rights . "
It would be asked to " manage the global economy ; to revive economies hit by the crisis [ and ] to avoid any deterioration of the present crisis . "
But its responsibilities would be more than just economic .
They would include securing " timely disarmament , food security and peace " .
The new body , a reformed UN , would also be called upon " to guarantee the protection of the environment and to regulate migration " .
Often regarded as the first " green " pope , Benedict also took advantage of his encyclical to make clearer his ideas on the importance of respecting the environment .
But Zamagni said the document implicitly rejected forms of environmental thinking that put other forms of creation on a par with humankind .
Paul Graham , hacker
Tweet
Does anyone have contact info for Paul Graham , author of Hackers and Painters ?
Comments
Dhaka :
At least 47,000 additional births took place in Bangladesh last year due to unexpected pregnancies due to acute shortage of contraceptives .
A study presented by Family Planning Association of
Bangladesh ( FPAB ) and Human Development Research Centre ( HDRC )
said that the total loss caused to sufferers due to a shortage
of oral pills , injections and condoms during the period is
equivalent to 4,306 million hours in terms of time and 61,353
million Taka in terms of monetary value .
The study also found that 159,800 unexpected
pregnancies were caused by the shortage , stock out or
irregular supply of these three methods of contraceptions .
Of
them , 90,240 pregnancies were lost to menstrual regulations
( MR ) , 22,560 by abortion and 47,000 children were born .
Prof Abul Barakat , an expert said that the current
population growth of the country is 1.43 per cent per year and
the contraceptive prevalence rate ( CPR ) is 55.8 per cent .
" If we want to achieve the total fertility rate of 2.2
by the year 2010 , CPR should be increased to 72 per cent , " he
was quoted as saying by the Daily Star .
It further revealed that the total number of annual
users suffering from stock out , shortage and irregular supply
of family planning commodities is 160,585 persons in the
country .
Bureau Report
EXCLUSIVE :
ANCHORAGE , Alaska | Brushing aside the criticisms of pundits and politicos , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin said she plans to jump immediately back into the national political fray — stumping for conservative issues and even Democrats — after she prematurely vacates her elected post at month ’s end .
The former Republican vice - presidential nominee and heroine to much of the GOP ’s base said in an interview she views the electorate as embattled and fatigued by nonstop partisanship , and she is eager to campaign for Republicans , independents and even Democrats who share her values on limited government , strong defense and “ energy independence . ”
“ I will go around the country on behalf of candidates who believe in the right things , regardless of their party label or affiliation , ” she said over lunch in her downtown office , 40 miles from her now - famous hometown of Wasilla — population 7,000 — where she began her political career .
“ People are so tired of the partisan stuff — even my own son is not a Republican , ” said Mrs. Palin , who stunned the political world earlier this month with her decision to step down as governor July 26 with 18 months left in her term .
Both her son , Track , 20 , an enlisted soldier serving in Iraq , and her husband , Todd , are registered as “ nonpartisan ” in Alaska .
Mrs. Palin , who vaulted to national prominence when Sen. John McCain , Arizona Republican , chose her as his running mate last August , left the door open for a future presidential bid .
But she shot down speculation among Republicans that she might challenge incumbent Alaska Sen .
Lisa Murkowski for the party ’s nomination to the Senate next year , and she blamed her resignation as governor on the nasty , hardball tactics that last year ’s presidential campaign brought to her state .
TWT RELATED STORIES :
• Obama : Stimulus working as planned
• Sotomayor confirmation no done deal , GOP warns
• Sarah Palin , best quitter
• Palin ’s resignation latest shock for GOP
• Huckabee says Palin resignation ‘ risky ’
“ I ’m not ruling out anything — it is the way I have lived my life from the youngest age , ” she said .
“ Let me peek out there and see if there ’s an open door somewhere .
And if there ’s even a little crack of light , I ’ll hope to plow through it . ”
Mrs. Palin did not name any candidates for whom she might campaign .
Indeed , whether the polarizing Alaskan would be welcome on the campaign circuit is an open question .
Republicans running in statewide races in Virginia and New Jersey — the only states with gubernatorial races in November — have offered only lukewarm responses when asked whether Mrs. Palin is welcome to campaign there .
“ We do n’t have any plans on having her in ” to stump for gubernatorial hopeful Chris Christie , the Associated Press was told by New Jersey Republican Party Chairman Jay Webber late last week .
“ We ’re busy working to get Chris Christie elected and telling people about the failed record of [ Gov. Jon Corzine , a Democrat ] . ”
But Texas Gov. Rick Perry has said he would welcome Mrs. Palin at his side in the tight primary fight he faces with Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison .
While analysts and fellow politicians continue to debate the wisdom of her decision to resign , Mrs. Palin said she is eager to fight for her conservative beliefs when she leaves office .
The governor , 45 , said she shared former House Speaker Newt Gingrich ’s view that Republicans , now trailing Democrats and independents in registration in many states , should back moderate to conservative Democrats in congressional districts and states where Republicans stand almost no chance of winning .
The object would be to build a majority coalition that reflects what polls suggest is the center - right tilt of the U.S. electorate as a whole .
A USA Today - Gallup poll found that her resignation from office bolstered her appeal among Republicans , two - thirds of whom say they want her to remain “ a major national political figure . ”
But 55 percent of independents say they would rather she exit the national stage .
She is also unpopular among Democrats .
Mrs. Palin confirmed during the interview that she has signed a book contract but would not discuss how much it is worth — rumored to be $ 6 million or more .
She also declined to discuss other employment prospects , including becoming a television commentator .
“ I ca n’t talk about any of those things while I ’m still governor , ” she said .
The governor defended her decision to step down early , despite criticism by Democrats and Republicans that she risked being labeled a quitter .
She said constant attacks in the press and the barrage of ethics violation claims against her — all dismissed or pending — have cost state taxpayers dearly and made it nearly impossible for her to move forward with her agenda .
The legal cases also forced her to go into debt for more than $ 500,000 in legal expenses .
“ Pragmatically , Alaska would be better off ” by allowing her lieutenant governor and fellow Republican , Sean Parnell , 46 , to serve out her term , she said .
Meanwhile , Mrs. Palin said the state needs a new ethics policy after another ethics complaint was filed against her .
The new complaint , filed Friday with the state personnel board , claims Mrs. Palin has been paid for media interviews , according to the Associated Press .
Mrs. Palin said she hopes the new complaint is “ a wake - up call ” to Alaskan lawmakers and the public that at new policy is needed .
“ The only saving grace in this recent episode is that it proves beyond any doubt the significance of the problem Alaska faces in the ‘ new normal ’ of political discourse , ” she said in a release that was posted online through her Twitter account .
“ I hope this will be a wake - up call — to legislators , to commentators and to citizens generally — that we need a much more civil and respectful dialogue that focuses on the best interests of the state , rather than the petty resentments of a few . ”
In her interview with The Times , Mrs. Palin denied reports that the decision to resign had been made hastily with little notice to her family or staff .
“ We had been contemplating this for months , so I did n’t surprise my family or the people around me , ” she said , glancing at her top aide , Kris Perry , who was seated across the room from the governor during the interview .
Ms. Perry smiled and nodded emphatically .
Among the barrage of ethics complaints against Mrs. Palin are many filed by Republican activist Andree McLeod .
“ She put personal and partisan political interests before the state of Alaska , ” Mrs. McLeod told The Washington Times .
Mrs. McLeod said she became friends with Mrs. Palin in 2002 and later grew disillusioned when , in Mrs. McLeod ’s view , Mrs. Palin did not live up to her ethics - in - office promises .
Mrs. McLeod said Mrs. Palin , before and during her campaign for vice president , used her gubernatorial communications staff to promote herself at state government expense rather than to promote Alaska .
Regardless of whether elected officials in both parties do it , she said , “ A rule is a rule , and politicians and their staff who violate a rule get punished .
Why should Sarah Palin be any different ? ”
Another friend turned critic , Alaska Republican Party Chairman Randy Ruedrich , said Mrs. Palin worked assiduously with Democrats in the Legislature .
“ Her Alaskan Democrat allies stood for rapid government growth , increased government spending and taxing energy to the maximum and definitely did not stand for limited government , spending restraint , strong national defense and energy independence , ” said Mr. Ruedrich , who described himself as an early mentor to Mrs. Palin .
The mention of Mr. Ruedrich ’s name seemed to chill the atmosphere of the interview with the governor .
Even dealing with the political maelstrom she unleashed , Mrs. Palin flashed the down - home , personal touch that even critics say helped her forge an extraordinary bond with supporters on the campaign trail .
When a photographer prepared to take pictures of the interview , Mrs. Palin , wearing open - toed shoes , said laughingly , “ Do n’t get my toes in the picture — they are green on the bottom . ”
Indeed they were .
She said the marks were grass stains from mowing her lawn the previous day .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
First we baked a birthday cake ...
now we 're going to dispose of it !
For the past week or so , when I ’ve had a spare moment in the office , I ’ve been working on a mapping project involving Elections Canada data and the Google Earth KML standard .
For anyone that ’s worked on a political campaign or in a Member ’s office , poll maps are always close by and always useful for plotting strategy for the next election .
Elections Canada provides data for drawing these polls maps , but unfortunately this data is not available in a format or projection readable by Google Earth or Google Maps .
I ’ve gone ahead and translated and reprojected ( after crashing my computer a few dozen times ) the geographical coordinates that dileaneate the approximate 60,000 polls that make up the 308 ridings .
I ’ve written software that represents these data points as polygons in Google Earth and shades them by poll winner ( party ) or by party vote share by poll ( Conservative , Liberal , NDP , Green or Bloc ) .
I ’ve also included an option in the software to shade the map by voter turnout .
These maps have an obvious political purpose , however , addressing low voter turnout is a non-partisan interest shared by most .
I ’ve been working on writing an API to make this sort of data available to developers through a few GET requests .
I ’ll keep you updated .
If you ’ve got any questions , please send me an email or put a comment in the comment section below .
Here ’s the demo , in all the wondrous splendor of Youtube HD .
( click the “ full screen ” button for the best experience )
Is this you ?
In search of a little girl with modest moon ambitions
By Tara Kimura , CBCNews.ca
" Would you like to go to the moon ? " CBC reporter Walt Lacosta asks a young girl in this charming 1969 interview .
" Yes , " she responds without hesitation .
When questioned if she thinks she 'll ever make it there , the young girl smiles and responds with a simple " no . "
" Why not ? " Lacosta asks .
" Because I 'm not a boy , " she says shyly but definitively .
It was nearly 40 years ago , when American astronauts Neil Armstrong , Buzz Aldrin and Michael Collins stepped off Apollo 11 and made their historic small step for man , giant leap for mankind .
Scores of men and women , including Canada 's Roberta Bondar and Julie Payette , have since been launched daringly into the heavens .
With the anniversary upon us , we 're wondering whatever happened to the young girl interviewed in this archived video ?
How did her perceptions about what the future held for boys and girls change and evolve ?
Where is she now ?
We 're putting a call out to our readers asking if any of you recognize the girl in this video ?
If so , help us find her by sending us a tip in the comments section below so that we can interview her again .
( * Note – we wo n't publish information that identifies her without first seeking her permission ) .
Edited to add - The 1969 report was filmed in Ontario .
Also , some readers have suggested this might be Julie Payette .
As far as we know , this is not Payette - we are sincerely looking to find the young girl interviewed in this clip .
« Previous Post | Main | Next Post »
« Previous Post | Main | Next Post »
Today President Obama announced 2009 's recipients of the Presidential Medal of Freedom .
It is the coolest 16 - person list ever .
Billie Jean King , Sidney Poitier , Chita Rivera , Muhammad Yunus , Harvey Milk , Desmond Tutu , and this guy : Joe Medicine Crow joined the army , becoming a scout in the 103rd Infantry Division ( United States ) .
Whenever he went into battle , he wore his war paint beneath his uniform and a sacred eagle feather beneath his helmet .
Without realizing it , Medicine Crow completed all four task required to become a war chief .
He touched a living enemy soldier ( 1 ) and disarmed an enemy ( 2 ) when he turned a corner and found himself face to face with a young German soldier :
" The collision knocked the German 's weapon to the ground .
Mr. Crow lowered his own weapon and the two fought hand - to - hand .
In the end Mr. Crow got the best of the German , grabbing him by the neck and choking him .
He was going to kill the German soldier on the spot when the man screamed out " momma . "
Mr. Crow then let him go . "
He also led a successful war party ( 3 ) and stole an enemy horse ( 4 ) , making a midnight raid to steal the horses from a battalion of German officers ( as he rode off , he sang a traditional Crow honor song . )
He is the last member of the Crow tribe to become a war chief .
Of his story , noted documentarian Ken Burns said , " The story of Joseph Medicine Crow is something I 've wanted to tell for 20 years . "
Mr. Crow was interviewed and appeared in the 2007 Ken Burns PBS series The War , describing his World War II service .
He stole horses from the SS .
Top that , George Tenet .
The President announced today the 16 recipients of the 2009 Presidential Medal of Freedom , America 's highest civilan honor .
The President praised the recipients for breaking down barriers and lifting up their fellow citizens : " These outstanding men and women represent an incredible diversity of backgrounds .
Their tremendous accomplishments span fields from science to sports , from fine arts to foreign affairs .
Yet they share one overarching trait : Each has been an agent of change .
Each saw an imperfect world and set about improving it , often overcoming great obstacles along the way . "
The awards will be presented on August 12 .
Read details about all the recipients here .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown was put under further pressure to step down tonight as Work and Pensions Secretary James Purnell dramatically announced he was quitting the Cabinet as polls closed in crunch elections .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
In a resignation letter released to several newspapers , Mr Purnell called on Mr Brown to step aside for the good of the Labour Party , saying that his continued leadership makes a Conservative victory more , not less , likely .
The senior Blairite 's departure follows the loss of four ministers from Mr Brown 's Cabinet in the past three days , amid reports of backbenchers collecting signatures demanding his removal .
Mr Purnell 's letter read : " I owe it to our party to say what I believe , no matter how hard that will be .
" I now believe that your continued leadership makes a Conservative victory more , not less , likely .
That would be disastrous for our country .
" This moment calls for stronger regulation , an active state , stronger public services , an open democracy .
It calls for a Government that measures itself on how it treats the poorest in society .
Those are our values not David Cameron's .
" We therefore owe it to our country to give it a real choice .
We need to show that we are prepared to fight to be credible Government and have the courage to offer an alternative future .
" I am therefore calling on you to stand aside to give our Party a fighting chance of winning .
As such I am resigning from Government .
The Party was here long before us and we hope it will be here long after we have gone .
We must do the right thing by it .
" I am not seeking the leadership nor acting with anyone else .
My actions are my own considered view , and nothing more .
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
" If the consensus is that you should continue , then I will support the Government loyally from the backbenches .
But I do believe this question now needs to be put . "
Mr Purnell 's intervention is the first direct challenge from a senior Labour figure to Mr Brown 's leadership and makes his position much more precarious .
The next few days will determine Mr Brown 's future , as it becomes clear whether other ministers and MPs are willing to follow Mr Purnell over the parapet or whether the Prime Minister can reassert his authority with a deft reshuffle .
Mr Purnell worked for Tony Blair as a special adviser in No 10 and has advanced swiftly through the ministerial ranks since arriving at Westminster in 2001 , though he has not been mentioned as one of the foremost candidates to replace Mr Brown as Prime Minister .
He is known to be close to one of the possible front - runners for the leadership , Foreign Secretary David Miliband , though he insisted in his letter that he was not acting with anyone else .
The Stalybridge and Hyde MP 's shock decision to quit is a far more damaging blow to Mr Brown than the departures earlier this week of Jacqui Smith and Hazel Blears , both of whom were expected to lose their jobs in the forthcoming reshuffle .
His resignation may embolden Labour backbenchers to put their names to an email circulating at Westminster calling for Mr Brown to stand aside , particularly now that they cannot be accused of damaging the party 's chances in the local and European elections .
Mr Brown 's hopes of survival may hang on a stronger - than - expected performance in the polls , where voting closed at 10 pm this evening .
Eve -of - vote opinion polls had put Labour as low as 16 % in the European elections , behind even the UK Independence Party .
In England there were elections in 27 county councils and seven unitary authorities , as well as three mayoral votes .
There were also 72 UK seats in the European Parliament up for grabs .
While a few councils will be counting ballots overnight , the majority of local authority election results are not expected until tomorrow afternoon .
Results in the European Parliament elections will not be in until Sunday night , after polls close in countries elsewhere in Europe .
Yesterday , Hazel Blears quit her Cabinet post as Communities Secretary .
Tonight she declined to speak about Mr Purnell 's resignation .
" I 'm just watching the television , " she said when asked if she felt she had precipitated the young minister 's move .
Click on the image to see the back
Now available in these languages : English - also available as e-book , both as encrypted pdf and via iTunes German Spanish Danish ( read more here ) Polish Dutch Persian ( to get a persian book , mail the translator - the book is 75 :- SEK ) Italian
Some quotes about the book " Finally some decent religious schooling in the children 's book market . [...]
Read and contemplate , both young and old . "
Nina Lekander in Expressen ( Sweden 's largest tabloid ) .
" I think that this is an important book to read , whether you believe in God or not . "
" Gunilla " , librarian in Nynäshamn .
" The book is extremely suitable to put into the hands of any young person who is grappling with philosophical and religious questions . [...]
An interesting and consequent book that takes its readers seriously and points out that everyone has to take reponsibility for their own life .
As far as I know , nothing similar exists for teenagers before . "
Isela Valve , reviewer for Swedish libraries in BTJ - häfte ( 09104704 )
" Even when it comes to other gods and religious motives , Vanja has toned down her somewhat twisted style and awkward sens of humor .
But just a little . "
Johanna Rovira in the magazine Kollega .
Reader 's comments
" In this book all questions are put to the test , exactly as simple as they really are .
With a humble tone , the author removes our blinders and instills courage to think for ourselves . "
" Hanna " at the internet book store Ad Libris ( where the book has been awarded 5 stars by 7 reviewers ) .
" I can barely wait to give this book as a confirmation or first communion present to someone . "
Dan Larhammar - Former chariperson in the Swedish sceptics society Vetenskap och Folkbildning .
" It is strange that a book like this has not been available before , but maybe its because people have thought that it has n't been needed in a secular society as Sweden .
But it is needed , and I 'm happy it exists . "
Magnus Apell " Short , simple arguments that make it impossible to stay a believer after reading .
Ingenious illustrations that make you laugh .
I warmly recoomend this book to anyone with an open mind . "
" Danne " at the internet book store Ad Libris .
Blog voices " Even if this book is aimed at a younger audience , I think it can serve as an eye opener to many who are religious only by convention . "
Familjen Stegmarks blogg .
" A book about atheism for children is totally ok if the children are also taught about other prespectives . "
Orsakverkan .
" Of course children should think about this as much as about Jesus and the crucifiction . "
Sandras blogg .
Atheism for children and young adults Adults are no the only ones capable of questioning religious truths .
On the contrary , many adolescents find themselves tackling these difficult and complex issues .
In spite of this , books summarizing a secular view of life for children and young adults are scarce and hard to find .
This is what Patrik Lindenfors aims to rectify with his book Gud finns nog inte ( God Probably Does n't Exist ) .
To doubt is to think for oneself .
Patrik Lindenfors presents a world without myths and supernatural beings in this contemplative and open - minded book .
“ God Probably Does n’t Exist ” suits anyone who has ever asked themselves whether or not there is a God .
The book is an easy - to - read introduction of a secular view of life , in which each argument for and against the existence of supernatural beings is discussed on a separate page .
The debate about religion and religion ’s influence on society is currently raging in the U.S.
Books about atheism and religion have topped many best - seller lists .
This debate is now becoming more prominent also elsewhere .
Modder / droog / man of the moment David Penfold aka Mremulator was inspired by an award - winning custom rig and decided to go totally bolshy yarblockos with his own build .
First he picked orange and black for the colors of his SilverStone TJ07 computer case – which incidentally was the same model used in the custom pc that inspired him – and came up with the theme later : A Clockwork Orange .
And so Overclocked Orange was born .
Awesome stuff .
For the innards , Penfold put together an Asus Rampage II Extreme motherboard , an Intel Core i7 - 940 chip , 6GB of 1,600MHz Corsair DDR3 memory and three Intel X25 - M 80GB SSD drives in a RAID0 setup .
Then he SLI ’d three GeForce GTX 280s , got some PrimoChill PrimoFlex PRO LRT tubing , Aqua Computer full cover water blocks , Bitzpower fittings , a Bitspower chipset block , and lots and lots of fans and LEDs and fans with LEDs .
A lot of the parts were customized either by Penfold himself or by WCUK .
Penfold also did a lot of cable organizing , some of the painting , and Fast Signs took care of the viddy well done vinyl art .
The font is just spot on .
Makes me want to watch the movie again .
Actually just the “ Try the wine ! ” scene .
Funny as hell .
Anyway .
Before the custom rig could be called Overclocked Orange , it had to be overclocked to high heavens first .
The Core i7 - 940 , which I think originally runs at 2.93 GHz was oc’ed to 4.0 GHz .
Then the other stuff which I could not understand : “ CPU PLL voltage to 1.895 v , the QPI / DRAM voltage to 1.35v and the DDR3 to 1.65 v … increased the core speeds on the three GeForce GTX280s from 602MHz to 730M Hz , the stream processors from 1,296MHz to 1,470MHz and the memory from 1,107MHz to 1,275MHz . ”
After all the super fun building and spending of monies , Penfold went and shared his creation to the Custom PC forums .
Internet fame ensued .
Then the BBC called him up and filmed him and his baby for a tech feature .
And now Penfold and Overclocked Orange are here .
A bit of a step down I suppose , but who cares about that .
Publicity is publicity , and this custom rig was built to be flaunted .
Our hats off to you , Mremulator .
[ via bit - tech ]
However , the normally sedate public is up in arms over the change .
Protesters have set up a pressure group – People Against Switching Sides ( PASS ) – which has since turned into a political party that aims to depose the prime minister at the next general election .
PASS also unsuccessfully sued to block the switch , claiming driving on the left would infringe on the constitutional right to life .
More times than we can count , I 've heard people say Portland 's bike love a lot like what they have encountered in Amsterdam .
But a new report out of The Netherlands shows that they really do n't compare .
" The bicycle is the means of transport used most often in Amsterdam , " reports Bike Europe .
" Between 2005 and 2007 people in the city used their bikes on average 0.87 times a day , compared to 0.84 for their cars .
This is the first time that bicycle use exceeds car use .
" So , how do we match up exactly ?
Portland transportation officials have never compiled data looking at how many times residents use a particular vehicle on a daily basis .
But Greg Raisman , a traffic safety specialist for the Portland Bureau of Transportation who recently returned from The Netherlands , guessed nearly 40 percent of Amsterdam residents use their bicycles as their primary mode of transportation .
In Utrecht , a city southeast of Amsterdam with which Reisman is building a school - safety , transportation and health information - sharing partnership , the number is 35 percent , he said .
Although bicycles account for up to 20 percent of traffic on some Portland bridges , only 8 percent of respondents in a recent transportation audit said it was their primary mode of transportation .
Ten percent said it was their secondary mode .
According to the Census Bureau , about 4 percent of the city 's residents say they get around primarily by bike .
Raisman 's problem with that number : " If you ride your bike twice a week , it 's hard to reflect that when you 're asked to check a single box " for a question asking how you get to work .
Portland is still leaps ahead of other U.S. Cities when it comes to bicycle commuting and infrastructure .
But given our divergent cultures , histories and urban forms , it 's not realistic to think think that out city will catch up to Amsterdam , Raisman said .
" But it would be a great thing to do , " he said .
Well , let 's see what happens when a gallon of petrol hits " $ 20 Per Gallon . "
Check out Raisman 's excellent collection of photos and videos from his traffic - geek vacation in the Netherlands , including the above movie " Slow Dance . "
-- Joseph Rose ; josephrose@news.oregonian.com
The Mind - Fixers
by Jon Franklin
© 1984 by The Evening Sun
This piece won the inaugural Pulitzer
for expository journalism in 1985
Since the days of Sigmund Freud the practice of psychiatry has been more art than science .
Surrounded by an aura of witchcraft , proceeding on impression and hunch , often ineffective , it was the bumbling and sometimes humorous stepchild of modern science .
But for a decade and more , research psychiatrists have been working quietly in laboratories , dissecting the brains of mice and men and teasing out the chemical formulas that unlock the secrets of the mind .
Now , in the 1980s , their work is paying off .
They are rapidly identifying the interlocking molecules that produce human thought and emotion .
They have devised new scanners that trace the flickering web of personality as it
dances through the brain .
Armed with those scanners , they are mapping out the terrain of the human psyche .
As a result , psychiatry today stands on the threshold of becoming an exact science , as precise and quantifiable as molecular genetics .
Ahead lies an era of psychic engineering , and the development of specialized drugs and therapies to heal sick minds .
But that 's only the beginning :
The potential of brain chemistry extends far beyond the confines of classic psychiatry .
Many molecular psychiatrists , for instance , believe they may soon have the ability to untangle the ancient enigma of violence and criminality .
Further , there is the promise that the current technology will lead to the development of drugs capable of expanding the workings of the normal mind -- enhancing memory , heightening creativity and perhaps , one day , even increasing intelligence .
Ultimately , interviews with more than 50 scientists indicate , the revolution may offer us the most important gift of all : a dramatically improved understanding of who we are , why we are that way , and what it means to be human .
-0 -
Molecular psychiatry , like the new genetics , is based on a chemical interpretation of events in and around the living cell .
Human perception , feelings and behavior are seen to result from submicroscopic interactions -- the complex interplay of Tinker - Toy like molecules that make up natural substances resembling heroin , Valium and alcohol .
Like molecular genetics , molecular psychiatry possesses the inherent ability to be both precise and quantifiable and , again like genetics , it lends itself to the deliberate process
of altering nature , the process called " engineering . "
But unlike molecular genetics , which concerns itself only with the physical makeup of the human animal , molecular psychiatry pushes the frontier of science to the eerie and
mythical boundary that divides the physical and the mental .
Many philosophers , in recent years , have begun to ask whether that barrier will be breached .
But according to most of the scientists involved , the point is moot .
The mind - brain barrier has been probed and found not to exist .
They say there is no distinction between mind and brain ; the one is a direct , mechanistic outgrowth of the other .
At least a few philosophers share this view .
" We 're out - and - out materialists , " says Dr. Daniel C. Dennett , professor of philosophy at Tufts , summing up a Johns Hopkins scientific conference on the issue .
Or , in the blunter words of one neuroanatomist , " The brain is an organ ; it produces thoughts the same way the kidney produces urine . "
If that attitude outrages some philosophers and priests , the scientists themselves are unperturbed .
A little philosophical discomfort , they say , is a small price to pay for a new science capable of curing the mental diseases that afflict perhaps 20 percent of the population and constitute a major drain on the gross national product .
And scientists like Dr. Candace Pert , a key figure in brain chemistry at the National Institute on Mental Health , say the mechanistic view is in fact the most humanitarian one .
She argues that thinking of the mind as something spooky and apart has historically led to judgmental attitudes toward the insane .
" It 's sad , but even today , this far into the 20th century , mental illness is not even totally talked about .
It 's still considered something ugly , something to hide .
People are ostracized .
" But people who act crazy are acting that way because they have too much or too little of some chemicals that are in their brains .
It 's just physical illness !
The brain is a physical thing ! "
As molecular psychiatry proceeds in the direction of curing and even improving the function of the brain , it has become a magnet for some of the brightest minds and biggest names in biology .
Francis Crick , the molecular geneticist who won the 1962 Nobel prize for his part in unraveling the secret of DNA , has switched his field of study to molecular psychiatry .
Another convert is Gerald M. Edelman , who won the Nobel for studies of the molecular basis of immunity .
They are joined by hundreds of top students from the nation 's medical schools and graduate programs .
What is this new science ?
What are its principles ?
From what promises flow its optimism and appeal ?
The flavor is conveyed most dramatically in the words of the scientists themselves as they strive to convey their view of the brain and their hopes for the future :
Dr. Michael Kuhar , a brain chemist at the Johns Hopkins Medical School : " The working unit of the brain is the [ receptor ] .
You can think of the receptor as a button .
Chemicals
come and push that button and make things happen .
" The brain is this complex array of buttons .
You give certain drugs which hit certain receptors and certain things happen in the body .
It might be an emotional experience , a
thought experience -- it might be a constriction of blood vessels , or a release of gastric acid .
You know , stuff like that . "
Dr. Marcus Raichle , neurologist and radiologist at Washington University in St. Louis : " This is very seductive stuff . . . for the first time we have the prospect of looking [ inside the brains of ] living patients with emotional disease , and looking at specific regional changes in their brains .
" I think we are going to find that there is a biological basis for many behavioral disorders . "
Dr. Paul Mandel , at the Center for Neurochemistry in Strasbourg , France : " People do n't realize that psychology is a result of chemical behavior .
That 's why alcohol changes behavior . . . it acts on the other molecules .
A lot of behavior has relatively simple physical causes .
" Specifically , the purpose of my research is to produce drugs for aggression . . .
" Aggression is like any other disease .
It 's the lack of inhibitory mechanisms that can be produced by genetics and / or the environment , and there 's no reason not to treat it if we can . "
Dr. A. John Rush , a brain scanner expert at the University of Texas Health Science Center in Dallas : " I would think that within 10 years we 'll have at least one or two biotechnologies that will tell us a great deal about the probabilities that someone will in fact develop a [ psychiatric ] illness .
I think we 're going to able to identify people with a reasonable degree of reliability . . . say seventy percent . "
-0 -
The technology that underlies the attitude , and the hope for the future , is often traced to Baltimore .
It is here , in 1973 , that Dr. Solomon Snyder and Candace Pert , then a doctoral candidate in Snyder 's laboratory at Johns Hopkins , succeeded in labeling and identifying the sub-microscopic chemical sensors that stud the membranes of brain cells -- the " buttons " that Dr. Kuhar describes .
That discovery opened up psychology as a quantifiable science .
The excitement spread rapidly through brain laboratories around the world as scientists confirmed the Snyder - Pert research and went on to identify , label and map the distribution of other behavior - affecting molecules in the brain .
The technology behind the Snyder - Pert breakthrough also led to an ability to readily create powerful new chemicals capable of literally changing the mind .
Most of the early work , which required dissection of the brain , was performed on animals .
But before the 1970s were out , scientists had produced several types of powerful brain scanners capable of monitoring the living chemistry of thought in the human brain itself .
The scanners do for brain scientists what telescopes did for early astronomers .
Though the scanner technology is still in its infancy , it has already allowed scientists to peer into the
brains of living , thinking human beings -- and has produced a variety of findings that tend to bear out the mechanistic view of the mind - brain .
For example :
o At the University of Texas Health Science Center in Dallas , scientists have discovered that normal people use their brains in very individualistic ways , producing scans so
characteristic that they can be likened to " fingerprints . "
In patients with multiple personalities , shifts in the patterns correlate with changes in persona .
o At the Washington University in St. Louis , where the first of the new generations of brain scanners was developed by a team led by Dr. Michel M. Ter -Pogossian , scientists have
produced the first solid proof linking a perceptual disease with a chemical abnormality .
The disease involves panic attacks .
o At the Brookhaven National Laboratory in New York ,
scientists with one of the most modern scanners available seem to be homing in on pinpointing a similar abnormality in the brains of schizophrenics .
o At Hopkins , in Baltimore , researchers led by Dr. Henry Wagner have for the first time labeled and mapped the distribution of receptors in the living human brain .
In the
process they have uncovered evidence that may explain why males become calmer as they grow older .
The explosive pace of discovery , says Dr. Joseph Coyle at Hopkins , " bodes well for the future .
" It suggests that we 're approaching a point when we 'll be able to make some coherence out of this wealth of information .
I 'm optimistic . . . we 've gone from ignorance to
almost a surfeit of knowledge in only 10 years . "
Dr. Fred Goodwin , chief scientists at the National Institute of Mental Health and as such the government 's top research psychiatrist , agrees .
" We 're being flooded with data , " he says .
" If you project the rates of growth [ of knowledge ] , you 'd have to say it 's still accelerating . . . expanding exponentially .
" As we become sophisticated about understanding the biology of behavior , the more potential we get for altering behavior biologically . "
He says scientists now understand , for instance , the chemistry of anxiety .
" We now know biologically what anxiety is .
We can turn it on and turn it off . "
The objective is nothing less than mind control . . . the therapeutic kind .
In addition to anxiety , the target diseases include the obvious ones : schizophrenia , depression , manic - depressive disease , obsessive - compulsive disease , Huntington 's disease and
Alzheimer 's disease .
But the list goes on to conditions that laymen tend to consider from a moralistic , not medical , point of view .
Many scientists , for instance , suspect that drug addiction may occur because of genetic or environmentally induced defects in the addict 's psychological pain centers .
In this view the addict takes drugs in an attempt to alleviate a terrible agony ; in his position , any one of us might do the same .
And then there 's the subject of criminality .
Dr. Goodwin at NIMH sees the violence - prone criminal as often suffering from one of many physical brain ailments that makes him unable to control his actions .
If those ailments could be diagnosed and treated ( and there is research to this end ) , society might be spared a large percentage of its violent crime .
The rising costs of the penal
system might also be trimmed .
Such research quickly spills over into the political arena .
In France , Dr. Mandel 's research on the chemistry of aggression has convinced him that the Ayatollah Khomeni is a sick man , suffering from a chemical imbalance in his brain
triggered by religious fanaticism .
In Dr. Mandel 's theoretical framework , the Ayatollah and his followers could " benefit " from the administration of drugs being developed in Mandel 's laboratory .
And still , penetrating further and further into forbidden territory , the possibilities unfold .
If the new science could alter the minds of psychotics , criminals and bigots , what might be done to enhance the functioning of the " normal " brain ?
Plenty , in the view Dr. Goodwin at the NIMH .
Already , he says , there is a drug that will improve the memory of normal subjects .
And research seems to be pointing toward still another
drug , perhaps related to PCP , that will enhance creativity .
Dr. John Lion , an aggression expert at the University of Maryland Medical School , believes such findings puts molecular psychiatry at serious odds with the current social and legal
systems .
Where does that conflict lead ?
According to Dr. Fritz Henn , chief psychiatrist at the
State University of New York at Stony Brook , most scientists shy away from thinking about that question .
He does n't think about it much himself .
" It 's much more fun , " he explains , " to talk about what the next [ important neurochemical ] is going to be , and how it may be a key to unraveling an illness you 're interested in .
This [ question of dangers ] is a much stickier and tougher question .
And it 's not really a scientific question .
It 's a political question . "
But when the tape recorder is turned off , a few scientists admit that they do think about it -- and that they 're very concerned .
" We 're approaching an historic moment of truth , " muses one scientist .
" The knowledge that 's being produced is rapidly becoming an irresistible force , and it challenges our basic perceptions about who we are . . . about religion , politics , criminality , right , wrong and free will .
" Historically , society does n't react very well to challenges like this -- especially when they come without warning , out of the sun .
And most people are blithely unaware of
what 's happening .
Philosophers , those who get involved at all , put most of their energy into denying the obvious .
So there 's no preparation , and it's all happening very rapidly .
" Under circumstances like that , society is pretty much an immovable object .
It always has been .
So there is going to be a collision , and it 's going to be epochal proportions . "
The Mind - Fixers : Part II
The Theory
Brain scientists have developed a revolutionary new theory of molecular psychology that is catapulting the study of human behavior into the realm of the exact sciences .
That theory , now broadly confirmed by laboratory experiment , reveals that the human mind is controlled by the chemical flux of molecules playing against the surface of brain
cells .
Do n't be misled by the word " theory . "
In the world of science the development of a theory is a substantive event , a turning point that often leads rapidly to a technological
revolution with broad social impact .
So it was with the theory of relativity , which opened the way to fission and fusion bombs , atomic power , and nuclear medicine .
In biology , the more recent development of a theory of
molecular genetics during the 1950s and '60s led , in the '70s and ' 80s , to genetic engineering .
The new body of knowledge about molecular psychology also appears to be leading to a new type of engineering -- psychic engineering .
This involves a precise alteration of the chemical activity in the brain in order to correct for , and therefore overcome , mental illness .
Prominent researchers also believe
such engineering can also be used to enhance the function of the normal mind .
So it is that the new psychology may have medical , social and political consequences at least equal to those flowing out of the theories of relativity and molecular
genetics .
To understand why this is so we must focus our attention on the theory itself , and on the once - mystical organ of personality -- the human brain .
On the level of the naked eye , the brain is a gray , jelly - like mass that retains its shape only because it 's encased in a tough membrane .
It weighs an average of two and a half
pounds , and is so unimposing that , throughout most of the Christian era , anatomists assumed that its function was only marginally important .
It was only with the discovery of the microscope that the incredible complexity of the nondescript gray organ became apparent .
Under the light microscope , the functioning unit of the brain can be seen to be an individual gray cell called a " neuron . "
There are so many neurons that no one has ever
succeeded in counting them ; estimates of their numbers in the average brain range from 10 billion to a trillion .
Brain cells come in various sizes and shapes , but each
has a long tail called an " axon . "
The tail stretches through the brain until , as it nears its destination , it splits up into smaller tails .
The end of each tail - let lays against the surface of another brain cell .
In the 1800s it was discovered that one of the functions of the neuron was to generate electrical signals and " fire " them down their axons .
More modern scientists with delicate probes
determined that the neuron idled at about one impulse per second , but could almost instantly increase its frequency to sixty impulses per second .
Though each charge is relatively weak , there are so many firings in any given instant that they average out to produce a measurable magnetic field ; that 's the source of the squiggly
lines on a neurologist 's electroencephalograph , or EEG machine .
By early in this century scientists had begun to understand that the brain was a computer of some sort ; the individual elements were apparently the brain cell , and their
axons comprised the electrical wiring .
The electrical " wiring diagram , " though , had one very puzzling aspect .
The axons that carried the charge did n't make actual physical contact with their " target " cells .
Instead , the axons terminated in club - like structures that looked like barnacles and were named " boutons . "
There were so many boutons that they literally covered the brain cells . .
. covered them , but did n't touch them .
That was a real enigma .
How did the electrical message get from the bouton to the brain cell ?
Certainly the electrical charges could n't jump the gap ; there could be no sparks in the
wet goo of the brain .
This gap between bouton and brain cell , called the " synapse , " came under intense scrutiny when electron microscopes became widely available in the 1950s and '60s .
Finally , from the laboratories of biochemists and electron microscopists , the answer began to emerge .
It was a strange one , and it carried scientists of the mind into the
submicroscopic , Tinker - Toy world of the molecule .
The gray neuron , it turned out , had not one function but two .
In addition to producing electrical charges it manufactured strange , hormone - like chemicals called " neurotransmitters . "
What 's more , the tail of the gray cell was n't much like a wire at all :
It was a hollow tube .
While electrical charges flowed down the outside , neurotransmitters were pumped down the
inside and stored in the bouton at the end .
The bouton , as it turned out , was covered with tiny nozzles on its underside .
Each time it was hit by an electrical charge , the nozzles opened and chemicals streamed out , spraying
onto the surface of the adjacent brain cell
. Somehow , these chemicals transmitted information from the bouton to the underlying cell .
The messages , scientists first surmised and later proved , were coded in the shape of the molecule -- as was the case with hormones .
Only one question remained to complete the story of brain cell communication :
How did the receiving cell " hear " the messages that were spraying onto its surface ?
Scientists guessed that the answer was tiny , shape - sensitive antenna molecules on the cell 's surface .
Those theoretical " receptor " molecules were likened to locks ; the
transmitter molecules were keys that snapped into the locks and , by doing so , activated them .
This idea assumed that brain cells were studded with thousands of receptor molecules .
The receptors were probably long molecules that extended from the surface of the cell deep into its interior , where the " foot " of the receptor was hooked into the cell 's metabolic
throttle .
The exposed end of the receptor functioned as an antenna , equipped to sense one specific class of neurotransmitter molecule .
Presumably , when a transmitter molecule struck the surface of the receptor , the receptor 's shape changed .
In the cell 's interior the " foot " of the receptor moved against the
throttle and the cell 's metabolic engine speed either increased or decreased by one notch .
How many times the receptor 's tail twitched each second probably depended upon how many transmitters were bombarding its antenna .
Since there were hundreds or thousands of receptors on
each cell , and they were all being bombarded by transmitter molecules , the firing rate of the cell depended on the averaged - out signals .
That made sense , but it was guesswork .
The proposed receptors were speculation ; until they could be found , labeled and isolated for study , this new theory of how the brain worked
on a molecular level would remain a subject of debate among specialists .
Then , in 1973 , at the Johns Hopkins Medical School , it happened .
The scientists were Dr. Solomon Snyder and a doctoral candidate , Candace Pert .
Working together , they devised sophisticated new technique that allowed them to locate and label brain receptors with radioactive chemicals .
Their discovery was published that summer in Science magazine -- and it was a bombshell .
The scientific community understood the implications immediately .
Cell - to - cell communication was the basis of thought and emotions , and the Snyder - Pert paper provided the last
chemical link in that chain of communications .
In a matter of months , the receptors were isolated and analyzed , and the whole picture coalesced into sharp focus .
As the tide of transmitters rose and fell in the living brain , and the receptors reacted , the neurons selectively changed their firing rates .
As those rates changed , feelings and
thoughts wafted through the mind .
In principle , at least , the chemistry of thought was now understood ; being understood , it could be specifically manipulated with drugs .
The age of molecular psychology had dawned .
Snyder and Pert gained instant worldwide fame in the scientific community ; their breakthrough paper became one of the most widely quoted in recent history .
Within a few years Snyder would receive the coveted Lasker Award , assume the leadership of a major new neurosciences department at the Hopkins , and become a favorite candidate for a
Nobel Prize .
He would also become a founding member of a drug research company with stock so hot that he would become a millionaire -- at least on paper .
Pert , the junior member of the team , walked into a bright future that would propel her to the head of a major neurosciences laboratory at the National Institute of Mental
Health .
They and other scientists , in the meantime , worked feverishly to confirm and elaborate on the theory .
As the 1970s grew to a close , the organ of personality emerged as a
gizmo -- as a computer , no more and no less .
But it is no less wondrous for its mechanistic nature ; as an information - processor , the brain puts man-made supercomputers to shame .
The most sophisticated human computers function in classic " digital " fashion : at any instant , a circuit is either off or on .
The brain does this too . . . any transmitter
represents an " on " or " off " command , depending on whether or not it is a " stimulant " or a " depressant . "
But while the variables in a man-made computer are confined to that digital code , the digital nature of the human brain represents only its most superficial level .
In the brain , for instance , the cellular " clock " can vary from one cycle per second to sixty .
Additionally , the efficiency with which the cell can manufacture and transport
neurotransmitters down its tail is subject to rapid change .
Finally , the receptors on its surface can change from minute to minute , making the cell more or less sensitive to input .
The brain incorporates another neat trick of nature when it uses chemicals instead of electrical impulses as a medium of communication .
Electrical impulses are all the same , more or
less , but chemicals can differ almost infinitely .
So far scientists have identified about 50 neurotransmitters ; there may be thousands before the full story is known .
Each represents a different way of saying " yes " or " no , " and insures against " crosstalk " -- a " yes " message directed at one set of cells can't get mixed up with a different " yes "
message directed at another set , because each receptor can " hear " only one molecular shape .
The brain , in other words , is no mere computer .
It is hundreds , perhaps thousands of computers , each superior to anything yet conceived by human engineers .
Yet all those systems and sub-systems and sub -sub - systems are completely integrated , tying together mood with thought with instinct with observation and summing them all
up in something called " personality " and " behavior . "
The full complexity of the brain will not be plumbed in this century , and perhaps not ever .
But the general theory , as it emerges as a laboratory tool , has immediate applications with
direct , practical implications for human society .
The easiest example to understand goes back to that 1973 Snyder - Pert breakthrough .
At the time , their work was financed by the drug abuse arm of the Alcoholism , Drug Abuse and Mental Health Administration .
Their specific objective was to discover the
chemical mechanism of heroin abuse and addiction .
So it was that the first receptor to be discovered was the one for opiates . . . the class of chemicals that include opium , morphine and heroin .
In broad terms , at least , the
discovery explained the mechanism of addiction .
Today , eleven years later , the addiction process remains a favorite example for explaining how the physical function of the brain translates into human mood and consciousness -- and
how specific drugs can be engineered to affect thought and feeling .
The heroin molecule , it turned out , is addictive because it happens to mimic the shape of a neurotransmitter that was later to be named enkephalin .
Enkephalin is manufactured in the pain centers of the brain -- not just the physical pain centers , but the psychological pain centers as well .
Both use the same
neurotransmitters because , in the course of evolution , the psychological pain centers evolved from the physical ones .
That fact lies behind the world 's drug abuse problem , and some of its most serious behavioral problems as well .
In the areas of the brain where physical pain is
processed , enkephalin serves a straightforward function .
Pain impulses flow continuously upward from the body , and must be screened .
Enkephalin , pumped constantly into those pain centers , suppresses and desensitizes the pain - recognition cells so that they respond only when the pain exceeds a certain level .
In the psychological pain centers , the same transmitter suppresses minute - to - minute psychological pain .
But in addition , it serves as a " good - feeling " chemical that rewards us for
behaviors that have been programmed into our brain either by genetics or environment ( both are apparently of equal importance ) .
Enkephalin , it appears , is what we feel when mother smiles at us .
Later in life , it rewards us when we achieve something mother would have classified as " success . "
If on the other hand we DON'T have a mother 's love , or if we have too little success , we are deprived of enkephalin .
The same effect would result , regardless of mother and her love ,
from a genetically weak enkephalin system .
Either way , the result is supersensitivity to background psychological pain .
That pain is called " depression " and is no less excruciating for its " imaginary " nature .
If we live in a ghetto , and suffer that pain , we may discover a substitute for love and success -- a substitute that can be administered by needle .
As the heroin floods into our
brain , the psychological anguish eases .
It matters not one whit whether our psychological pain is due to socioeconomic deprivation or a genetic malfunction in our enkephalin producers or receptors .
The " addictive
personality " may in fact be a result of a luckless combination of both .
A similar effect , mediated through different receptors , can be achieved with alcohol , barbiturates , marijuana , and other drugs .
The pain - relieving high can even be achieved naturally , by torturing ourselves physically and thus stimulating the natural production of enkephalins .
So it is that the bed of nails is in fact a road to peace , and the " runner 's high " is so potent that addicts have been known to run on broken ankles .
More subtle versions of the same thing can be discovered in our individual behaviors .
Habits are mediated , in part , by the internal pumping of enkephalin .
Depression , both natural and
pathological , is profoundly influenced by our enkephalin levels .
Love is addicting .
Food is addicting .
Belief is addicting .
The broad point made by the Snyder - Pert experiments and those that followed was that natural drugs are the basis of human nature and behavior .
It followed , then , that malfunctions in personality such as schizophrenia or violent behavior might be caused by chemical disruptions in the brain .
That being the case , might the new theory of molecular psychology enable scientists to isolate the chemical defect involved ?
And might the theory , coupled with the new technology used by scientists like Snyder and Pert , be harnessed to produce new drugs to combat behavioral diseases of the brain ?
As for the question of powerful new drugs , the answer seemed to be an emphatic YES !
In one set of experiments a junior researcher at the Hopkins , working alone , was in two years able to produce a caffeine - like drug that was 500,000 times more powerful than the
original .
The race was on .
The object : Find the chemical basis of mental disease , and devise ways to correct it .
Whether cast in terms of economics or of human suffering , the stakes were astronomical .
-0 -
Mental disease , which in the nomenclature of molecular psychology also includes addiction , directly affects perhaps 20 percent of the population .
It has a profound impact , both psychologically and economically , on all of us .
The cost of mental disease and addiction , for instance , was 106 billion in 1977 , the latest year for which figures are available .
This is more than half the projected federal deficit -- and those numbers are considered by most experts to be very conservative .
They do not reflect , for instance , the mind - shattering affect on the children of alcoholics , schizophrenics and depressives .
They do not include the cost of " accidents " that have a suicidal component .
They do not include the cost , both to society and to the victim , of criminal behavior .
And they do not
include the billions of dollars a year that flow out of the country as a result of illegal drug trafficking .
The human agony of the addictive disorders is reflected in the raw numbers produced by federal experts on drug and alcohol abuse .
There are at least 5.75 million alcoholics in America , for instance , and another 18 million " problem drinkers " .
About 60 million Americans have been addicted to other drugs , and 37.4
million are believed to have abused drugs within the last 12 months .
In the new psychology , addiction is viewed as a series of secondary changes in brain chemistry caused when a victim of a painful mental illness , such as depression , " self - treats "
himself with pain - killing drugs .
Experts on the traditional mental illnesses keep their numbers in a different form , but they are just as grimly impressive .
At least 10 percent of all children under 18 , 15 percent of all adults , and 10 percent of adults over 65 suffer from classic mental diseases .
In the adult group , the most common forms of mental illness are the " affective disorders , " which includes clinical depression and manic - depression disease .
These conditions afflict perhaps 8 percent of the adult population .
They are characterized by disabling mood changes -- changes that brain scientists now believe can be
attributed to chemical alterations in the victim 's brain .
A vulnerability to the affective disorders can be inherited , but the diseases are believed to manifest themselves as a result of environmental pressures .
The next most common category includes the phobias , anxieties and other neurosis , which affect about 7 percent of adults .
Once thought to be of purely " psychological " origin , at least one of these diseases ( a type of panic reaction ) has recently been traced directly to a physical impairment in a
specific section of the emotional brain .
Finally , there is schizophrenia -- a profound , inherited perceptual disorder that causes the patient to hear voices and see things that are n't there .
Though schizophrenia only afflicts about one percent of the population , it is a chronic and disabling disease that makes it economically comparable to the affective disorders and the
neurosis .
It has been shown to involve chemical changes in the " dopamine " chemical system at the base of the brain .
Additionally , certain diseases have a preference for specific age groups .
Autism is a disease of childhood , for instance , and senile dementia is generally found in older
people .
A number of these ailments , including Huntington 's disease ( an inherited physical defect that manifests itself as insanity in later middle age ) and Alzheimer 's disease ( a form of
senility ) are already known to be of strictly physical origin .
The Mind - Fixers : Part III
Depression
Perhaps 18 million Americans are victims of clinical depression .
They are the " walking wounded " of the high pressure modern world , and the blue misery that dogs them affects the
rest of us as well ; depression puts a steady drain on national productivity and is a major spoiler of family life and social tranquility .
But now scientists are making rapid progress in understanding the disease , and have already managed to trace it to a malfunction in two of the brain 's chemical subsystems .
That and a cascade of other findings about the nation 's most common mental illness has emerged from the new science of molecular psychology during the last few years .
" There have been incredible breakthroughs in the understanding of depression , " says Dr. Candace Pert , one of the founders of the new science .
" The prospects for the future have never been so bright . "
Dr. Pert 's enthusiasm echoes that of many neurochemists .
And most believe the explosion of knowledge will translate directly into the creation of effective new drugs to combat depression .
Though no reputable scientist is willing to make specific predictions , most insiders interviewed by The Evening Sun say they would be surprised , even shocked , if such drugs did n't begin to appear within a decade .
More effective drugs for depression would have a dramatic social and economic impact , not just on the victims and their families but on the nation at large .
The various identifiable types of " clinical depression , " as distinguished from the day - to - day depression experienced by normal people in the face of real setbacks , is thought to affect about 8 percent of Americans .
The diagnostic symptom is an overwhelming feeling of helplessness and a conviction that nothing the victim does will make any difference .
Other symptoms include loss of interest in the outside world , malaise , feelings of self - hatred and a delusional expectation of punishment or impending tragedy .
But in the complexity of the human mind , those symptoms may be masked by other responses ( see box ) .
What 's more , the symptoms can jump from the mental to the overtly physical as the disease runs its course and the patient , full of self - hatred , fails to practice good hygiene .
Whatever the manifestations , depression is among the most relentlessly painful of all known illnesses .
Patients with overt depression who have also suffered a notably painful physical condition , such as kidney colic , report that the psychic pain is far worse than the physical .
Untreated victims of depression often end their agony with suicide , while others choose a slower form of self - destruction : drugs and alcohol .
Experts believe that much addiction can be attributed to depression ; the victim becomes addicted in a desperate quest to numb the psychic pain of an underlying depression .
If this is so , and there is substantial evidence to suggest it is , then the " pure " depressive patient represents only the tip of the iceberg and the disease really affects up to 20 percent of the population .
This leads to an almost desperate need for antidepressants , but the search for those compounds has been severely limited .
For one thing , no one knew the cause of depression .
For another , depressive disease was known to exist only in humans , so potentially useful drugs could n't be screened in animals .
As a result , most of the currently - available antidepressant drugs were discovered by accident .
Since they can't be readily improved through animal tests they are often
ineffective and retain serious , unpredictable and sometimes deadly side effects .
Today the single most effective therapy for severe depression remains electric shock treatment -- an alternative that many consider unacceptable .
Consequently millions of citizens with untreated depressive disease continue to function at home and work , but their performance in both arenas is often marginal .
Their listlessness and lack of motivation , coupled with their use of alcohol and drugs , is thought to be a major cause of absenteeism and work accidents , and to constitute a steady drain on productivity .
In addition , by contributing to the deterioration of family structures , depression entails an incalculable social cost .
" As we get new drugs for these things , it 's going to have a tremendous economic impact , " says Dr. Michael Kuhar , a neurochemist at Johns Hopkins University .
" It 's fantastic ! "
Such effusive optimism from what is traditionally the most conservative quarter of biological science stems from the rapidly - accelerating pace of discovery in the field .
Depression , most molecular psychiatrists are now convinced , involves two specific subsystems in the brain .
One of those systems consists of brain cells that communicate with one another via the chemical transmitter " norepinephrine . "
The other uses " serotonin " to carry its signals .
Both are centrally involved in the limbic system , where mood and emotion are processed .
One of the clues that convinces scientists they 're on the right track involves the recent discovery of how the antidepressant drug imipramine works .
Imipramine , despite its side effects and the fact that it is not universally effective , is one of the best antidepressants currently in use .
But like other psychotropic
drugs , it was discovered by accident and no one knew why it worked .
Now molecular psychiatrists have found that it exerts its influence by snapping into a into a previously - unknown receptor in the emotional part of the brain .
Because of its shape , the imipramine molecule activates that natural receptor very much the same way the shape of a morphine molecule activates the receptor for enkephalin .
Morphine , of course , directly interferes with a major neurotransmitter system , the normal function of which is to establish a pain threshold .
As that threshold rises , the morphine user gets a " high . "
Imipramine exerts a much more subtle and specific modulating effect .
The receptor it activates apparently controls fine - tuning in the serotonin system , which is responsible in part for the maintenance of mood equilibrium .
The imipramine triggers a metabolic chain reaction that results in the brain becoming more sensitive to its own serotonin .
As it does so , the patient becomes less depressed .
Another recent piece of evidence involves the discovery that imipramine receptors are also present on the surfaces of some blood cells . . . but there are abnormally fewer of them on
the blood cells of depressed patients .
" In conjunction with this , " adds Dr. Pert , " there are studies that show that there 's reduced serotonin in the brain and cerebral spinal fluid of people who die by suicide .
So it 's
all wonderfully consistent .
There 's obviously something chemical going on . "
Scientists are certain that that " something chemical " is , at least in part , genetic .
Studies of identical twins reared in the same household , for instance , have shown that if one twin becomes clinically depressed , the other has more than a 50 - 50 chance becoming
depressed as well .
But if the twins are fraternal , sharing parents , environment and birthdays but without identical genes , the statistics are dramatically different .
If one such twin becomes clinically depressed , the risk to the second is elevated only slightly above normal .
Significantly , alcoholism tends to run in the same families as depression .
None of this is to say environment does not play a strong role .
In fact , most experts believe that depression usually strikes people with a genetic vulnerability and who are also subjected to an environmental stress -- the " double hit " theory .
Even so , it has recently been shown that , if the stress is intense enough , the environment alone is enough to induce depressive disease .
In fact , environmental stress has been used to produce , for the first time , an animal model that can be used in laboratory experiments on depression .
One of the experts in induced depression in animals is Dr. Fritz Henn , Chief of Psychiatry at the State University of New York at Stony Brook .
Based on experimental work done at the University of Pennsylvania and elsewhere , he says , severe depression can now be triggered in any animal , " from rats to goldfish to humans . "
The method is simple , and involves what psychologists euphemistically term " exposure to adverse stimuli . "
A rat , for instance , might be put in a cage with a metal floor and exposed to occasional , unpredictable electrical shocks to its feet .
But it 's not the shocks that induce depression .
If there is a ledge the rat can jump onto when the jolts begin , the animal can endure the shock cage for extended periods of time while remaining psychologically normal .
But if the shelf or other escape route is removed , and the rat is totally helpless , the effect is dramatically different .
" When they can't predict when [ the shocks ] are going to come , and there 's nothing they can do to stop them or escape from them . . . when they 're waiting all the time to get hit .
. . after a while . . . it looks as if [ their minds ] just shut down .
" They stop even trying to get away .
They stop trying to do much of anything . "
Like depressed humans , the rats exhibit eating disorders land lose interest in sex .
They have trouble sleeping , and it 's more difficult for them to learn .
Depressed humans say they feel helpless , without any ability to influence what happens to them .
The rats act , at least , as though they feel the same way .
And , once depressed , they do n't get over it .
If they are put back in the shock cage , but are now provided with an escape route , they do n't use it .
They do n't even seem to have the will to try ; instead , they hunker down and accept the shocks almost as though they deserve them .
" But when you treat them with a drug that 's effective clinically [ in humans ] , " Dr. Henn says , " something changes .
Then they 'll use the escape route . "
By killing the rats at various stages , dissecting their brains and recording the chemical changes , Dr. Henn 's group made a remarkable discovery .
As the rats become depressed , predictable alterations occur in their brain receptors .
Those changes occur at the same time the behavioral changes are taking place , and affect the brain in exactly those places where anatomists would expect it to .
" We see these changes in certain receptor fields in the
[ emotional ] system .
The receptors become more or less dense . . . "
The principal alterations , he says , involve a subtype of norepinephrine receptors in one area and serotonin receptors in another .
" And so both receptors seem to play a role , " says Dr. Henn , " but they do it at different places .
And they change as a result of experience . . . and they stay changed .
In itself , the development of an animal model for depression represents a significant breakthrough .
As a result , drugs can be engineered specifically to activate or suppress the affected parts of the brain , and can then be tested and improved on live animals .
" I 'm very excited about this , " says Dr. Henn .
" [ With the rat model ] we can really take apart the neurochemical systems and see what 's changing , and what 's changing in conjunction with the behavioral changes .
" And we can then treat the animal with medications and we can reverse the behaviors .
We can look and see what 's changing . "
The result , he believes , will be to dramatically accelerate the development of new drugs to alleviate the agony and reduce the cost of human depression .
According to Dr. Fred Goodwin , chief scientist at the National Institute of Mental Health , it would be difficult to overestimate the importance of the exponential growth in our
knowledge of depression and other mental diseases .
He says a small foretaste of things to come can be found in the success story of lithium treatment for manic - depressive disease .
Manic - depressive disease is a subtype of depression that strikes about two percent of the population .
It is characterized by dramatic mood swings from profound depression to manic hyperactivity .
During the 1960s it became a target disease for the development of the first rationally - engineered " psychotropic " drug .
Though that work predated the revolution in molecular psychology , the scientists were nonetheless successful .
Lithium was introduced in Europe during the late 1960s , and proved dramatically effective in smoothing out the mood swings and restoring manic - depressive patients to good mental health .
By 1974 it was in wide use in this country .
By 1982 the federal government had computed that the introduction of lithium had saved the taxpayer what Dr. Goodwin calls " a very conservative $ 18 billion dollars . "
That figure , Dr. Goodwin emphasizes , does not take into consideration the indirect social costs of the disease , which includes diminished work productivity .
Also , it did not consider
the impact on the families and children of manic - depressive patients .
As molecular psychology becomes an increasingly exact science , Dr. Goodwin says , he expects to see the development of new , more specific drugs with fewer side effects to replace currently - available antidepressants .
He also expects to see new drugs that will be effective for the 15 percent of manic - depressive patients who do not respond to lithium , and in the larger group of patients who do n't respond at all to current antidepressant therapy .
Such drugs could dwarf the social and economic savings attributed to lithium .
If the theories that link depression to drug addiction are correct , and new antidepressant therapy can be translated into better drug treatment , the revolution in molecular
psychology will directly affect perhaps 20 percent of the population .
" There 's no question , " says Dr. Henn of Stony Brook , " that addiction is far and away the most serious and most costly mental health problem in the country .
" A study that was just completed at NIH documents that .
Just walking away , alcoholism is the single most serious mental
health problem we have .
" If we can find out what that is , and do something about it , the impact in terms of savings to the country would just be enormous .
Absolutely enormous . "
Not since the public health revolution in the 1800s , and the eradication of filth - borne diseases have the stakes been higher .
And depression research represents but one battlefront in the molecular psychology revolution .
-0 -
Sidebar
The Fortunate Ones
Feel the Pain
Depressive illness is one of the most painful conditions known to medical science .
Yet , because of the strange ability of the mind to damp out and transfer pain , many victims are n't even aware that anything 's wrong .
" The vast majority of people who are depressed do not know they 're depressed , " says Dr. Joe Coyle , a molecular psychiatrist at Johns Hopkins Medical School .
He says that the victims who can feel the psychic pain directly are in some respects the lucky ones .
Their pain may compel them to go to a psychiatrist and get treatment .
But the majority of victims , unable to face the situation squarely , are not so fortunate .
Unable to accept the psychic pain for what it is , their brains translate the agony into a more readily understandable form of pain -- the physical kind .
Or they wall it off and treat it with psychic painkillers like alcohol or heroin .
That presents a real problem , Dr. Coyle says , both for psychiatrists and for family doctors whose waiting rooms are filled with people whose pain , quite literally , is all in their heads .
The Hopkins neurochemist tells a classic story of a team of scientists who were searching for volunteers to help test a new antidepressant drug .
The researchers advertised in the paper , offering free treatment for depression in return for participation in the drug trials .
They got a few takers , but not many .
Then one of the scientists had a brainstorm .
The next ad did n't ask outright for depressed volunteers .
Instead it included a simple checklist of symptoms :
Have you lost interest in sex ?
Do you feel hopeless ?
Do you have trouble with insomnia ?
Do you often feel that you are a bad person ?
The scientists ' telephone started ringing as soon as the newspaper hit the streets , and did n't stop for days .
" Many people , " said Dr. Coyle , " got very upset when they found out they were calling a psychiatric clinic .
They did n't perceive that they had a psychiatric problem .
" There 's a very high tendency for persons with psychic pain to complain of physical pain . . . many of these people go to their local physician with inscrutable disorders , and with pain that does n't seem to have any physical basis . "
Pain clinics , including the one at Johns Hopkins , have documented that many people with intractable back pain are in fact suffering from depression and similar disorders .
The traditional psychiatric explanation is that the mental pain gets subconsciously channeled into the physical pain processors in the brain .
A molecular psychiatric explanation , says Dr. Coyle , is that in depression the pain threshold is lowered throughout the brain .
As a result , otherwise minor pain is translated into unbearable agony .
" The mind plays tricks .
Different people do different things .
A lot of people do n't think psychologically . . . they do n't put all these symptoms together and say , ' Well , I must be depressed . '
" What you 're talking about is this oppressive feeling of hopelessness and lack of energy . . .
I can't sleep . . . my appetite 's lousy . . . you know , it requires a certain amount of sophistication to tie those things together and see it as a problem with mood .
" We 're talking about a rather serious disturbance in brain function that has pervasive affects on the brain and in the body as a whole .
" We call it ' depression ' but in fact the prominent symptoms can involve all the fundamental bodily functions .
Individuals often ascribe the mood change , the depression , to the fact that they 're physically sick . . . rather than the other way around . "
But if mentally ill patients often end up in treatment for physical ailments , the opposite is also true .
Many patients who seek psychiatric treatment for depression turn out not to have primary depression at all .
Instead , the depression is being inadvertently caused by a drug prescribed by their family doctor -- many drugs , including compounds commonly prescribed for heart disease and high blood pressure , can induce depression as a side effect .
But when a patient is in fact clinically depressed , and when that patient gets to a psychiatrist , the treatment can be straightforward .
If the depressed patient is one of those for whom drugs like imipramine are effective , the course of therapy can be relatively brief .
The physical symptoms go away first , and are followed by the psychological ones .
" It usually takes somewhere between two and six weeks to respond to treatment with antidepressants , " says Dr. Coyle .
" Then they feel better .
They 're able to go back and live their lives . "
Often the patient is surprised , even disbelieving , as the symptoms vanish .
" The ones who are psychotically depressed frequently have great difficulty making sense out of what happened , " says the Hopkins scientist .
Some patients never do quite comprehend that they were the helpless victims of changes in their brain chemistry .
Many deny that the doctor did anything at all .
" You just tell them , ' Okay , ' " sighs Dr. Coyle .
" You tell them , ' Well , if these things return . . . come back and see us and we 'll make you feel better again . "
The Mind - Fixers : Part IV
Schizophrenia
Schizophrenia , the most expensive and devastating of all the common mental illnesses , has been revealed as a physical ailment involving a malfunction in the dopamine system at the base of the brain .
Since 1973 , when it became possible to study the brain 's chemical communications network in detail , the story of schizophrenia has unfolded so rapidly that scientists are having trouble just keeping track of new discoveries .
Most senior researchers are confident that those discoveries , as they coalesce into new theories of the disease , will eventually result in the creation of specific drugs that will allow victims of the disease to live more normal lives .
Such drugs , which may begin appearing within the next ten years , would have a dramatic economic and social impact .
Schizophrenia , which strikes about one percent of the population and tends to run in families , is the classic example of mental illness .
Its victims hear voices , have visual hallucinations , and often become profoundly and even dangerously paranoid .
As the disease progresses , patients frequently withdraw and become
suicidal .
Schizophrenia is particularly tragic because it generally strikes in the teens and early 20s .
The disease is chronic , progressive and incurable , sentencing 80 percent of its
victims to lifelong dependency on mental health and social welfare agencies .
According to Dr. Fred Goodwin , chief scientist at the National Institute of Mental Health , these factors combine to make schizophrenia a disproportionately expensive diseases .
In 1976 alone , he says , schizophrenia cost the nation a conservative $ 20 billion dollars .
That does not include indirect social and economic costs to the families , nor does it include the expense of crime attributable to schizophrenia .
Though only a tiny minority of schizophrenics commit crimes , those who do are usually responding to paranoiac impulses -- they are in effect trying desperately to protect themselves from dangers that only they perceive .
As a result the violent schizophrenic is very unpredictable , and the crimes he commits can be bloody and spectacular .
Until the second half of the 20th century schizophrenics were warehoused in the back wards of mental hospitals .
Most psychiatrists considered the disease to be a psychological one , resulting from a poor family environment .
However , Freudian - based methods were notably unsuccessful in alleviating the symptoms of the disease .
The only useful treatments were prefrontal lobotomy and
electroconvulsive shock therapy , which sometimes served to make them slightly more manageable .
Then in 1957 an accidental discovery led to the introduction of the drug thorazine and foreshadowed the development , a decade and a half later , of the new molecular psychology .
As was common in those days , scientists were using mental patients to test a new drug -- in this case an antihistamine designed for the control of allergy symptoms .
The compound , as it turned out , did n't do much for the schizophrenics ' runny noses .
But , remarkably , the schizophrenics ' minds seemed to improve ; their hallucinations subsided , and they began making contact with reality .
Though termed a " tranquilizer " by a misunderstanding public , thorazine had very specific effects on the perceptual function of the mind .
History 's first truly antipsychotic drug had been discovered .
A whole new generation of scientists , studying the effects of thorazine , became convinced that schizophrenia must be a physical disease of the brain .
That implied that other serious mental illnesses might also have a physical basis .
It was a revolutionary perception .
If true , then there was hope to be had from science .
If only researchers could develop a chemical theory of the brain , they might design other
drugs that would help a wide variety of patients with other " mental " diseases as well .
This proved to be a powerful dream .
After a decade of work by visionary scientists , it led directly to the development of the new field of molecular psychology in the ' 70s and ' 80s .
Thanks to thorazine , and to better versions of the same thing that came afterwards , the lot of the schizophrenic improved .
The strait jacket and isolation cell faded into memory ; shock treatment and prefrontal lobotomy fell into relative disuse .
Increasingly , schizophrenics on drug treatment were released from mental institutions .
Despite early claims , however , the patients were by no means cured .
Thorazine relieved the hallucinations but the " negative " symptoms , including withdrawal and emotional isolation , continued unabated as the disease ran its course .
Most schizophrenics , while no longer confined , remained unable to live normal lives ; the vast majority remained social and economic wards of the state .
Many listlessly wandered the streets .
To make things worse , the drugs produced serious side effects .
Early in the course of treatment the patient often developed a Parkinson - like slowing of bodily movements and awkward posturing .
Sometimes the eyes rolled up into the head .
These early effects could be treated with anti-Parkinsonian drugs and , if all else failed , they subsided if the thorazine was withdrawn .
But a longer - term set of side effects , termed " tardive dyskinesia , " were permanent .
Tardive dyskinesia was horribly disfiguring .
The victim 's limbs moved restlessly ; his face jerked , his mouth made involuntary chewing movements , and his tongue writhed and darted in and out , snakelike .
Tardive dyskinesia occurred in as many as 40 percent of the cases .
It made the schizophrenic repulsive to others , and thus contributed further to his isolation .
On the one hand , the antipsychotic drugs relieved the hallucinations and delusions of schizophrenia ; on the other , the side effects were a powerful incentive for the schizophrenic to avoid taking the stuff .
In the years following the 1957 discovery of thorazine , the victims of other mental illnesses -- most notably manic - depressive disease -- benefited dramatically from the discovery that chemical compounds could be used to treat thought disorders .
But schizophrenia , the most profound psychosis of all , remained resistant .
While doctors learned to treat the early side effects , and could often stave off tardive dyskinesia by a more conservative use of drugs , the " negative " effects of the disease remained untreatable .
The key to better treatment would be found , scientists believed , once the chemical nature of the mind was better understood .
And so it was that in 1973 the discovery of the first brain receptor at Johns Hopkins Medical School by Dr. Solomon Snyder and Candace Pert triggered an explosion of schizophrenia research .
Within a year the search had narrowed to a structure in the base of the brain corpus striatum .
The striatum was composed of brain cells that communicated with one another via a chemical transmitter called " dopamine . "
Significantly , the striatum had two projections , or nerve trunklines , that reached up into the higher brain .
One of those projections went to the limbic system , where emotion is
processed ; the other led to the frontal lobes of the cortex , the seat of consciousness and personality .
These projections were the conduit through which the striatum pumped dopamine into the higher structures .
Presumably , the dopamine was the means by which the striatum regulated thought and emotions .
According to Dr. Solomon Snyder , whose laboratory isolated the dopamine receptor in 1974 , it is now known that all drugs effective in schizophrenia work by blocking the action of dopamine .
By blocking dopamine communication , the thorazine and related compounds reduce the amount of dopamine pumped into the upper brain .
Now that they knew how the antipsychotic drugs worked , scientists had a whole new appreciation of what schizophrenia was and why the drugs had such terrible side effects .
The most obvious conclusion was that whatever schizophrenia was , it involved the dopamine system .
Either there was too much dopamine produced , or the victim 's brain cells were for some reason supersensitive to it .
Other , more subtle pieces of the puzzle fell into place as well .
During the 1960s , as the drug culture developed , scientists had observed that abusers of amphetamines ( or " speed " ) often developed hallucinations that emergency room physicians found indistinguishable from schizophrenia .
Also , they found , schizophrenics who took amphetamines got a lot worse .
This was explained by the discovery in the mid ' 70s that amphetamines increase dopamine production .
As the chemistry of schizophrenia was worked out , scientists also came to understand why prefrontal lobotomy had worked :
The surgery severed the trunk lines through which the dopamine system pumped the chemical into the upper brain .
Since lobotomy was also effective in treating severe obsessive - compulsive disorders , the schizophrenia research may have fall - out in terms of that disease as well .
But perhaps most important , the new knowledge explained why thorazine and the other antipsychotic drugs had such profound side effects .
The corpus striatum , it turned out , was n't the only place in the brain that dopamine was used .
It was n't even the main one -- most dopamine production took place in the motor control centers of the brain , where muscle movement was controlled .
By blocking dopamine , the antipsychotic drugs suppressed the hallucination - producing striatum , but it also reduced the brain 's ability to process movement ; eventually , the motor system was permanently damaged .
Once they knew why thorazine produced its side effects , researchers were in a position to begin the development of side - effect free drugs .
According to Dr. Joseph Coyle , an expert on schizophrenia at the Hopkins , the first major effort was to look for differences that might exist between the dopamine receptors in the motor system and in the striatum .
Subtle variations are known to exist in other chemical communications systems which are used in more than one part of the brain . . . presumably they help the brain to avoid " cross - talk " between different brain centers that use the same transmitter .
If such differences could be found between the two dopamine systems , psychochemists might develop a drug that would block the receptors in the striatum without affecting those in the motor system .
Despite intensive efforts , such differences have not yet been found .
But the search has recently revealed another difference that may be exploited instead .
The dopamine system associated with schizophrenia , Dr. Coyle says , has been found to use a co-transmitter ; it speaks , in a sense , with two chemical tongues .
The motor system
apparently does not use the co-transmitter .
Scientists are now searching for chemical compounds that will suppress the combination without affecting dopamine alone .
Such a drug , in theory at least , should knock out the
schizophrenic hallucinations and delusions without the devastating side - effects on the motor system .
Other scientific teams , in the meantime , are pursuing other ideas .
At the State University of New York at Stony Brook , for instance , a group led by Dr. Fritz Henn is proceeding on the
assumption that the imbalance in the dopamine system is caused by more specific defects in other systems which , in turn , trigger the abnormal dopamine reactions .
While it is too early to predict yet which tactic will prove most fruitful , scientists involved in the work are generally confident that breakthroughs are coming .
" The pace of discovery bodes well for the future , " says Dr. Coyle .
" It suggests that we 're approaching a point when we 'll be able to make some coherence out of this wealth of information .
I 'm optimistic . . . we 've gone from ignorance to almost a surfeit of knowledge in only 10 years . "
As discoveries in the field heighten interest and draw increased funding , Dr. Coyle adds , scientists are also beginning to get some clues regarding schizophrenia 's puzzling " negative " symptoms of withdrawal and emotional detachment .
Scientists in England and at the National Institute of Mental Health have recently used CATscanners , for instance , to document widespread shrinkage of the cortex in schizophrenics .
The cortex is where the more " human - like " functions of the brain are processed .
" These changes in the cortex , " says Dr. Coyle , " appear to correlate with the negative symptoms of schizophrenia . "
The structural changes are also reminiscent of alterations found in other illnesses long recognized to be physical in nature , such as Alzheimer 's disease , or senile dementia .
" Some people feel that the negative symptoms of schizophrenia do have a dementia - like quality to them , " says Dr. Coyle .
" That is , a dilapidation of higher cortical functions and a crudening of the social skills that one sees in other type of dementias , like Alzheimer's .
" There is this growing appreciation of the relatedness of these disorders , and it 's become difficult to sort them out in terms of research .
The more we understand about the cortex ,
through research on Alzheimer ’s , the more we 're going to understand about schizophrenia . . . and vice versa . "
According to Dr. Snyder , recent discoveries have led to increasing optimism that the negative effects of schizophrenia will , like the positive ones , prove amenable to drug treatment .
He says one drug , being used now in Europe , seems to improve the negative symptoms as well as the positive ones .
That drug , in addition to blocking dopamine , interferes with calcium
metabolism in the brain cells .
In the meantime , a powerful new type of brain scanners are being developed to augment the chemical techniques that have been used since the ' 70s to map the distribution and density of
receptors in the brain .
Those chemical techniques limited the scientists to working with dead brains that could be sliced and examined .
The new scanners , however , are allowing scientists to monitor the chemical reactions of thought and emotion as they take place in the living , thinking , feeling -- and
hallucinating -- human brain .
Dr. Marcus Raichle , a scanner scientist at Washington University in St. Louis , where one of the most powerful devices was invented , predicts that the scanner technology is certain to dramatically increase the pace of discovery involving schizophrenia .
He says the scanners should allow scientists to discover even more precisely what goes wrong with the brain as the disease takes hold , and to watch the disease process as it runs its course .
In a year or so , he predicts , scientists studying schizophrenia with the new scanners will present the world with " studies that are going to mean something .
" It 's coming , " he says , reflecting the enthusiasm of schizophrenia experts .
" I do n't doubt that . "
But the development of the chemically - based brain scanners , in combination with the biochemical tools , has implications that go far beyond the study of schizophrenia . . . or even of other diseases .
They are going to lead , scientists agree almost unanimously , to a much broader understanding of the normal brain .
They may have the ability to reveal dramatic new truths about who we are , what we 're about , and what it means to be human .
The Mind - Fixers : Part V
The Mind - Scanners
Brain scientists have developed a new family of high - tech scanners that illuminate the chemistry of thought as it flashes through the living , thinking , feeling human brain .
The devices represent a fundamental breakthrough ; they promise to do for human psychology what the telescope did for astronomy and the microscope did for biology .
While the scanners bear a superficial resemblance to the CATscanners presently used in many of the nation 's hospitals , the differences in what they can see is dramatic .
CATscanners reveal only the structure of the brain .
They can detect swelling and pinpoint tumors , but the chemical machinery of thought is beyond their capabilities .
The new brain - mind scanners , however , reveal those chemical reactions .
They trace the mental processes of the subject as he moves , sees , hears , listens to music , meditates or experiences emotions .
The instruments are primitive yet , limited both by their resolution and by the scientists ' abilities to interpret the results .
But both the machines and the humans that use them are steadily becoming more sophisticated .
Increasingly , the scanner laboratories are producing a cascade of discoveries that illuminate the physical basis of thought and emotion .
At UCLA , for instance , scientists have photographed epileptic seizures as they explode in the living brain .
At Washington University in St. Louis , doctors have used a scanner to show that patients who suffer a common type of uncontrollable panic attack do so because they have a metabolic abnormality that " unbalances " their emotional brains .
At the University of Texas Health Science Center in Dallas , psychiatrists have established that each individual has a characteristic brain pattern -- and that those patterns shift dramatically as patients with multiple personality switch from persona to persona .
In Baltimore , scientists at Johns Hopkins Medical School have labeled and visualized the dopamine receptor fields believed to lie at the root of schizophrenia -- and discovered that fundamental changes occur as the brain matures .
The list goes on , and on , and on , each new discovery reconfirming the theory of molecular psychology and offering new insights into what sort of creatures we really are .
Currently , the most popular of the new devices being used to probe the brain is the PETscanner , developed during the late 1970s by Dr. Michel Ter-Pogossian and associates at Washington University in St. Louis .
Like the CATscanner , PET uses a donut - shaped array of sensors into which the subject 's head is inserted .
In both cases the sensors consist of radiation detectors that collect the impulses and relay them to a bank of computers .
The computers record the collected data and use it to reconstruct three - dimensional images of the brain .
The big difference between CAT and PET has to do with where the radiation comes from .
CATscanners use X - rays directed at the brain from the outside , and thus produce " shadow " pictures of the shape of the brain .
The PETscanner works quite differently , and produce a dramatically more revealing image not only of shape , but of chemical process as well .
First , before the scan begins , the PETscan team manufactures a radioactive version of some chemical normally used in the thought process .
Then , the subject 's head in the donut , the chemical is injected or inhaled .
The scanner then watches , and records , what happens as the chemical is metabolized during the thought process .
Most scanner experiments are quite complex , and difficult to understand without a thorough grounding in the theory of psychochemistry .
But the principle can be illustrated with the relatively simple glucose studies .
Glucose is the fuel of the living cell , and the harder the cell works the more it needs .
As a result , scientists can use radioactive glucose tracers to reveal which parts of the brain " turn on " during a specific mental task .
A radioactive glucose experiment , for instance , can " light up " the visual centers in the brain as the subject examines a picture or a test pattern .
Radioactive glucose tracers can also show which parts of the brain are involved in such tasks as emotional memory , movement coordination , or even meditation .
The trickiest part of a PETscan experiment is not the scan itself , but the design and creation of the radioactive neurochemical that the scientists hope to trace through the subject 's brain .
This preparatory phase of the experiment can take months , and involves the effort of a team of brain and chemical specialists .
And , because the radiation must be very short lived in order to be safe for the human subject , the tracer chemical must be created on the spot .
This means that a PETscan facility must include a cyclotron , and the team must include specialists in cyclotron technology .
" It takes a lot of people , " explains Dr. Candace Pert , a neurochemist at the National Institute of Mental Health .
" It 's a team effort . . . it 's ten people sitting around the table .
It 's organizational , high - tech , lot of steps , hard to do . . . like putting a man on the moon . "
As a result , a PETscan facility approaches the cost of a small astronomical observatory .
Hopkins scientists , for instance , estimate they 've got two million dollars invested in their PETscan facility -- and that does n't include the operating budget for the team of specialists required to operate it .
The current generation of scanners is also limited by resolution .
The chemical workings of the mind take place on a microscopic level , and require only milliseconds to occur .
The scanners take from one to twenty minutes to record a " picture , " and presently have resolutions of about a half inch .
As a result , the scans they produce are little more than blurs .
But those blurs , revealing as they do the chemical dynamics of thought , are of unparalleled value .
So , despite the substantial expense involved in building and operating a PETscan facility , they are rapidly proliferating .
To date there are about 15 PETscan facilities in
the United States , and at least an equal number are in operation , or soon will be , in Europe and Japan .
As more scientific teams gain access to PETscanners , the techniques are being refined to answer ever more specialized questions .
At Hopkins , for instance , the PETscan facility is dedicated to mapping the all - important neurotransmitter receptor fields .
Receptors are the sub-microscopic , chemical " antenna " molecules on the surface of brain cells .
It 's these receptors that make the mind respond to natural transmitters , like dopamine , and unnatural ones , like heroin and nicotine .
Discovering exactly where the different types of receptors are located , and how they proliferate or die off in illnesses like drug addiction or schizophrenia , is a central issue in neurochemistry .
Dr. Michael Kuhar , a Hopkins pioneer in that effort , explains that his early receptor - mapping work required that the brains be sliced , exposed to radioactive chemicals that locked
onto the receptors , and then laid on photographic film for several weeks .
During that time the radioactive chemicals burned their image into the film and revealed the location of the receptors .
The technique , though considered revolutionary when Dr. Kuhar started using it in the 1970s , had severe limitations .
The most obvious was that he could only use dead brains , and thus could n't observe how the receptors changed over days and weeks and how , in the process , the patient 's personality was altered .
The Hopkins PETscanner , the first to successfully map a receptor field in the living brain , changed all that .
" Man , that thing 's incredible , " Dr. Kuhar says .
" It used to take us weeks to produce a study .
Now a guy lays down on the table , you inject him [ with radioactive tracers ] , you turn on
the scanner . . . and there 's his receptor map !
And he gets up off the table and walks away !
" And you can do him again if he gets well , or gets sick , or whatever , and you can compare the two studies .
To go that distance in ten years absolutely blows my mind , just blows my mind !
I just can't tell you !
It 's amazing ! "
The specific ambition , at Hopkins and elsewhere , is to record the dynamic process of mental disease and thereby discover the nature of that disease .
At Hopkins , for instance , PETscan scientists have a particular interest in the changes that occur in schizophrenia and drug addiction .
But first the scientists must scan normal brains under a variety of circumstances .
Until the meaning of " normal " is understood , scientists can't probe the biochemical definitions of words like " insane . "
Those normal studies , as preliminary as they may be , are anything but dull .
The chemical dynamics of the human personality is the darkest of all scientific mysteries , and the exploration is yielding an endless supply of eyebrow - raising results . . . and generating new questions about who we are and how we work .
At the University of Texas Health Science Center in Dallas , for instance , scientists using a scanner similar to PET have discovered that each normal person has a characteristic way of using his brain .
This is reflected in very individualistic scanner patterns .
" We call it a ' fingerprint , ' " says Dr. A. John Rush , a research psychiatrist at the Dallas facility .
" What we 've found is that there 's a great range of normal people .
They have no brain disease , no psychiatric disease , but they all have a distinctive [ scanner ] pattern . "
" If you ask the same different , normal person to come back three times . . . say separated by a week . . . they have basically the same [ scan ] pattern .
But that pattern could be quite different from that of other very normal people . "
Though there is yet no proof , presumably the patterns found by the Dallas scientists reflect individual personalities .
Presumably they change over time as the person experiences new situations , learns new things , and matures .
In Baltimore , Hopkins scientists led by Dr. Henry Wagner , chief of nuclear medicine , have discovered a more puzzling peculiarity of the normal brain , this one involving the all - important dopamine receptor fields .
Dopamine receptors in primitive structures at the base of the brain serve in part to modulate alertness ; changes in the density of those fields is suspected of playing a key role in the development of schizophrenia .
But in examining dopamine receptor densities in normal brains , a surprising observation emerged .
In females , dopamine receptor fields remain stable for life , but in males the fields become less dense with age .
Do these changes correlate with the increasing calmness observed in the maturing male ?
Might they have to do with the observed tendency in male drug addicts to " mature out " of their addiction in their 30s ?
Might they reveal something about differences in male and female behavior ?
No one knows .
And , at PETscan facilities all over the world , such surprising findings abound .
" This whole field is incredibly exciting , " one PETscan scientist enthused .
" It 's like pointing a telescope at the heavens for the first time .
Everywhere we look , we see something new and unexpected .
It almost does n't matter what we do .
" And every time we see something , even if that something is normal , we 've discovered two more diseases .
In principle , for every normal reaction you can bet there 's someone , somewhere , who has an under- reaction . . . and someone else who has an over - reaction .
The trick is going to be linking what we 're seeing to known mental diseases . "
That such linkages could be made was , until recently , a matter of faith among neurochemists .
But this year scientists at the University of Washington , where the PETscanner was developed , used the instrument forge just such a cause - and - effect connection .
Dr. Marcus Raichle , a neurologist and a senior PETscan scientist at Washington University , said the disease in question is Decosta 's syndrome .
It affects between one and two percent of the population .
The chief symptom is periodic panic attacks that strike without warning or provocation .
Because such patients also have an exercise intolerance , and because panic is characterized by changes in heart function , Decosta 's syndrome victims were for many years thought to be suffering from heart disease .
Frequently they end up in emergency rooms with what appears to be heart attacks .
But in recent years the panic attacks were found to be triggered by elevations in blood lactate levels , which are normally produced by exercise .
This deepened the mystery : normal people have elevated blood lactate levels when they exercise , too , but the lactate does n't trigger panic attacks .
Presumably the high lactate levels triggered some otherwise benign defect in the brain .
The primary defect was discovered when Dr. Raichle and his group examined Decosta 's syndrome patients in a PETscanner .
It quickly became apparent that emotional centers in the left mesial temporal lobe , a part of the emotional brain , were not " kicking in " when they should .
The companion centers on the opposite side of the brain were functioning normally .
" These people are DIFFERENT , " Dr. Raichle explained .
" The brain , if you will , is kind of unbalanced . "
One of the most striking results of the experiment is that there were no exceptions ; every Decosta 's syndrome patient had precisely the same abnormality .
" This is the cleanest piece of data we 've generated in a long time .
To our knowledge this is the first study to identify a discrete brain abnormality in patients with a primary psychiatric disorder . "
A similar linkage between scanner images and specific diseases appears to be developing at the University of Texas Health Science Center in Dallas , where personality " fingerprint " scans are being studied .
According to the Dallas team 's Dr. Rush , the group recently put a patient with multiple personalities on the scanner . . . and were able to observe a personality switch .
The results were spectacular .
As the patient 's personality changed , so did his scanner " fingerprint . "
Similar preliminary work at other centers has scientists hopeful that scanners will soon produce characteristic patterns for schizophrenia and depression .
There are indications that receptor field changes may also play a role in addiction .
As mental illnesses become identifiable by means of chemical scanner patterns , those patterns should tell neuropharmacologists what sort of drug they need to design to treat each illness .
The scanners should also play a major role in the development and testing of those new drugs .
With the scanners , the affects of experimental compounds can be observed directly .
This should eliminate the decades of experimental fumbling that now characterizes the development of psychoactive drugs .
Though scanner scientists share a confidence that the new machines will lead to breakthroughs in the understanding of mental disease , and in the development of drug treatment , there is debate over whether the devices will ever play a direct role in clinical psychiatry .
At the Hopkins , for instance , Dr. Joseph Coyle suspects that the high cost of PETscanners , coupled with the need for teams of experts to tend the machinery , will forever bar the routine scanning of mental patients .
A majority of scientists interviewed by The Evening Sun expressed similar views .
But at least some experts take an opposite tack .
They predict that the cost of routine scans may be offset by dramatically improved therapy .
Misdiagnosis and ineffective treatment , they point out , can also be very costly -- both in terms of money and human suffering .
At the University of Texas Health Science Center in Dallas , Dr. Rush is one of the hopeful ones .
The most obvious application , he says , would be in diagnosis .
For one thing , diagnostic scans might tell doctors not only what disease they were dealing with , but what type of treatment might be most useful as well .
Scanners could also be used to monitor a patient in treatment to determine whether or not the drugs are improving his condition , and to determine when he 's cured .
Documentation of cure could be especially valuable when patient 's illness is characterized by violence , or when the treatment is court - ordered .
The type of information produced by scans might also prove to be of great value to classical psychiatrists , who use interpersonal therapy instead of , or in addition to , drugs .
Such psychiatrists have historically been forced to infer brain function from what the patient says and does . . . a notoriously tricky and imprecise process .
" We have this tendency to think that the only way to change a patient 's mind is with drugs , " says one brain scientist .
" But in the normal course of events , experience changes the mind too .
And that includes the therapeutic experience of visiting a psychiatrist .
" A person who has gone through psychotherapy is in many important respects different than he was before the treatment began .
We can't quantify this difference yet , but it must exist .
If it did n't , people would n't go to therapists .
" We need to see if we can pinpoint these differences , and provide meaningful feedback to the psychotherapist . "
But to Dr. Rush the most exciting possibility – if perhaps the most speculative -- is that the scanners might be used for the early diagnosis of mental illness .
Today , mental illness is rarely diagnosed until it 's progressed to full - scale insanity .
" But we know that depression , schizophrenia and a variety of other disorders run in families .
They appear to be genetic , at least in part .
And it 's intriguing to think that [ scanners ] could tell us who might develop one of these diseases .
" That would allow us to intervene with some sort of preventive strategy before the patient actually develops the illness . "
If that could be done , he says , presently incurable mental illnesses might be prevented , the same way the treatment of high blood pressure is now used to prevent strokes .
The Mind - Fixers : Part VI
Violence
Is much or even most violent criminal behavior caused by imbalances in brain chemistry ?
Could such imbalances be treated with drugs , reducing the general level of violence in society while at the same time substantially alleviating overcrowding in our prisons ?
Increasing numbers of molecular psychologists think the answer to both questions may be yes .
If they are correct , isolating those imbalances and developing drug treatments could prevent crimes , restore criminals to productive lives , and save billions of dollars a year that are now spent to warehouse convicts .
But even within the ranks of molecular psychiatrists there are doubts about whether such an achievement would be legally , ethically and emotionally acceptable to the American
people .
One of the most visible proponents of psychiatric treatment for violent criminals is Dr. Fred Goodwin , chief scientist at the National Institute of Mental Health .
" As we become sophisticated about understanding the biology of behavior , " he says , " the more potential we get for altering behavior biologically .
" The question is , how much of the enormous cost of violent crime in this country is based on aberrant brain behavior ?
What percentage of people who episodically kill , or assault , or rape , have a brain disorder ?
" Pilot studies indicate quite a high percentage .
A majority . "
In one study , he said , prisoners who were repeatedly sent to solitary confinement as a result of violent episodes were treated with lithium , a mood stabilizer generally used for manic - depressive patients .
" There was a very substantial reduction in episodic violence , a very substantial reduction . "
" We might have a very revolutionary impact .
And I use the word ' revolution ' advisedly .
But is the world ready for such a revolution ?
Would society allow it ?
On these questions , many molecular psychiatrists have their doubts .
" I can 's share [ Dr. Goodwin's ] optimism at all , " says Dr. John Lion , formerly a specialist in violence at the University of Maryland in Baltimore and now in private practice .
" My skepticism has to do with the politics .
Treating prisoners . . . we 're talking about treating criminals !
That 's something that 's not possible in current American penology . "
Dr. Lion believes that at least some violent behavior can be traced to epileptic - like " storms " in the emotional brain .
Like many of his colleagues , he successfully treats many such patients with anti-convulsants .
But , he says , scientific knowledge of the biochemistry of violence lags far behind research on the more classical mental illnesses , such as depression or schizophrenia .
The reason , he says , is that American society is profoundly ambivalent about violence , and is n't at all sure it wants science to tamper with it .
For example , Dr. Lion says a section of the emotional brain called the amygdala is known to be involved both in the expression and control of violence -- but attempts to do human studies on the criminal population in the '60s and ' 70s were quickly squelched .
" To make a long story short , " says Dr. Lion , " the ACLU and patient 's rights groups vehemently objected to the study of aggression in man .
" What I 'm trying to point out is that the idea of tampering with man 's aggressive drive is very hazardous and controversial in this society .
" It 's okay to tamper with depression . . . that 's bad .
We all know it 's bad to be depressed .
Anything that fixes up depression is good .
And we know that schizophrenia is tragic .
Do what you want . . . however you can help a schizophrenic is good .
" I can treat a depressed patient and make that patient lethargic , even induce cardiovascular toxicity , or a parkinsonianism . . . such side effects are acceptable in a psychotic patient or in a depressed patient as a price to be paid for liberating him from the psychosis or depression .
" But If I have a drug that will control aggression , but makes people lethargic or has some other side effect . . . that may NOT be so acceptable to society . "
Dr. Goodwin believes that rising concerns about the costs of violence , and of prisons , coupled with an increasing ability to diagnose criminals with organic brain malfunctions , will eventually lead to a more sympathetic public attitude .
But Dr. Lion is n't so sure .
" Sometimes I wonder . " he says .
" I think violence is a very highly valued trait in Western societies .
I think we give lip service to a lot of these concerns .
" You know . . . it 's like we can send a man to the moon but we can't seem to stop drunken drivers .
The largest , most easily identifiable subgroup of violent people in the United States is recidivist drunken drivers , but nothing is done about it .
There 's an astonishing tolerance for that .
" The whole issue of violence is politically laden , it has many social policy implications , particularly in America .
You can't do research on prisoners in America , right ?
" Is n't that strange ?
How can we study those who commit violence if the government does not allow it ?
See ?
You can't get informed consent , so you can't study them .
The only studies you can do on a prison population are demographic studies .
" I think it 's political .
I think it 's like gun control . "
But if research into the biochemistry of violence is being retarded in this country the same is less true in Europe , where psychological treatment and even procedures such as surgical castration for rapists have long been a traditional part of penology .
There , one of the leading researchers is Dr. Paul Mandel , a biochemist with the Center for Neurochemistry in Strasbourg , France .
Working with rats , mice and other animals he and his group has focused in on two major neurochemical systems .
The systems , he says , involve brain cells that communicate with serotonin and GABA .
Both are chemical inhibitors that serve to damp down the function of the emotional brain .
Using different strains of rats , some of which are inherently violent and some of which are not , he has been able to show that the violent tendencies are characterized by uncommonly low levels of the inhibitor transmitters in the brain .
Further , he has been able to manipulate those behaviors .
Aggressive rats become markedly less so when they are given substances that raise serotonin and GABA levels ; passive rats can be made aggressive by administering chemicals that lower those levels .
In his original series of experiments , the aggressive and passive rats were produced by breeding -- evidence that genetic predisposition can play a role in serotonin and GABA levels and , thereby , in aggression .
But Dr. Mandel says levels of GABA and serotonin can also be changed , and behavior altered , by environmental manipulation .
One classic experiment involves isolation , which is known to produce aggressive behavior in both animals and humans .
Studying several groups of rats , the Mandel group found that isolation lowered GABA and serotonin levels for all the animals .
But those who had a genetic disposition to violence , as measured with low GABA and serotonin levels , became much more violent than the others -- and tended to do so with less isolation stress .
When subjected to overcrowding , the opposite effect occurred .
GABA and serotonin levels went up , and the animals became passive and lethargic .
But the violence - prone animals , apparently protected by their already low levels of GABA and serotonin , suffered the least .
In another , highly suggestive set of experiments , Mandel demonstrated that rats became more violent , and that their brain inhibitor levels dropped , by merely SEEING other animals being aggressive .
Mandel , less cautious than many of his colleagues about extrapolating to the human condition , says those experiments indicated that human children do become more violent when they watch violence on television .
Likewise , publicizing crimes -- and capital punishment -- presumably begets still more violence .
Extrapolating further , Mandel believes that emotional self - stimulation can also change serotonin levels and trigger changes in the tendency to solve problems by violent means .
Religious fanaticism , he predicts , will one day prove to be linked to lowered serotonin levels .
" The Ayatollah Kohmeni , for instance , " says Dr. Mandel .
" He 's suppressed his GABA and serotonin levels through religious excitation . . . and now there 's no inhibition . "
Dr. Mandel believes that violence is a result of a psychochemical disease process , and should be viewed , and treated , in that fashion .
" Aggression is like any other disease , " he says .
" It 's the lack of inhibitory mechanisms that can be produced by genetics and / or the environment , and there 's no reason not to treat it if we can . "
The French group 's purpose is the development of drugs that can produce changes in human patterns of aggression .
He has already produced one such drug , Valproic acid , which has been at least partially effective in reducing violence in some patients with emotional - system disease .
But Mandel does not claim that drug treatment , alone , can convert violent criminals into model citizens .
Rather he sees drugs as an adjunct to other treatment -- including psychotherapy and environmental changes , such as improved living conditions and better education , that would work together to raise serotonin and GABA levels .
At NIMH , Dr. Goodwin believes that such combination treatment schemes will eventually prove so effective , both medically and economically , that they will achieve acceptance even in the United States .
" I grant you , " he says , " that there are dangers in that .
Everyone gets concerned , perhaps overly concerned , about the specter of mind control -- particularly when you 're talking about criminal justice .
" Criminal justice is extremely sensitive to any efforts to intervene medically with any individuals whose misbehavior may be a function of a brain disorder .
And the system is geared , maximally , to protect people from such intervention . . . on what I think is a rather old fashioned notion that there are greater risks than there are benefits .
" I acknowledge that there are risks , but I think society is sufficiently alert to those risks that it 's rather far - fetched to think that properly monitored treatment programs , with properly - selected individuals , would n't in fact be much more beneficial to the individuals -- not to mention society . "
Dr. John Rush , a research psychiatrist at the University of Texas Health Science Center in Dallas , Texas , agrees that molecular psychiatry , coupled with the new scanners and other technology for diagnosing mental disease , is on a collision course with the legal system .
" I think we all assume that we can by will power control virtually everything we do .
But a lot of psychiatric technology and information is revealing the fact that the brain , which is the basis for all we do , is an organ like any other organ in the body and it will not always obey our commands .
That 's a scary concept .
It puts sort of a limit around free will . "
" To the layman , it sounds very scary -- your brain can go bad , and you do not know that it 's going bad , and you can't control it .
It 's a mixed blessing . "
Dr. Rush , who has used scanners to watch shifts in the brain processes of patients with multiple personalities , believes that the new technology will inevitably alter how we think about right , wrong , and criminality .
" I think if you look at Hinkley , for example , at one level he knows he 's absolutely crazy .
And at another level he knows he can't control it .
And he has , as far as I can tell -- and I 'm relying on the public media -- it would appear that he has some variant of schizophrenia .
" And while he knows that it 's crazy , he also realizes over time that he really cannot control it .
If you asked him if he really wanted to do what he did , at one level he'd say yes . . . and on another level he'd say , ' absolutely not .
It 's crazy !'
" All of us are vulnerable to that kind of thing , where we find ourselves doing things that we do n't want to do , that we cannot control .
" At one level the biological approach to psychiatry is reassuring .
It indicates that yes , there are diseases of the brain , the effects of which you cannot control .
" On the other hand they 're very frightening to average people , like most of us , who thinks they can control most of the things that they do .
But there are great limits to will power , motivation , decision or a sense of reality .
I think this is frightening . "
As the science of molecular psychology evolves , Dr. Rush says , the legal system must evolve with it .
" I think , for instance , that it will require some very substantial revisions in the insanity defense .
What they are . . .
I would n't care to speculate .
But I think they will evolve over the next 20 or 30 years as our ability to diagnose gets better and better . "
But skeptics like Dr. Lion believe that evolution , if indeed it occurs at all , will be slow and painful .
" At the moment , " he says , " There 's not even any official rehabilitation program in the American penal system .
" I think that in order for a biochemist to exert an effect on a criminalogic system there would have to be massive dialogue and profound policy changes .
And I do n't see any evidence of that . "
It 's true , he concedes , that there is an increasing willingness to use drugs like depo-Provera to chemically castrate rapists , as an alternative to prison .
But he points out that those programs , and the drugs used in them , are
( Seattle , WA ) – Another sneak peek at an upcoming beer this morning though this one will be out at the tail end of the summer .
A rep from the brewery said , “
Pyramid Juggernaut
will be available in market August and September , and will start shipping in mid July . ”
More information will come out on this beer this summer , likely July , though for now , we know it is a 5.6 % Red Ale .
This will not be an “ imperial ” beer .
Also of note in the Seattle area this week is that Beer Week is set to kick off in the area this Thursday .
Check out more info at the Seattle Beer Week website .
Pike Brewing is releasing a new Double IPA to commemorate the event .
idiom brackets
In our paper , Ross and I used Scott - brackets for idiomatic lifting .
For a while , I had a cheeky typeclass hack , but it seemed like overkill , especially as it did n't nest .
She now supports a notation which does the job .
the basic picture Write ( |f a 1 .. an | )
for pure f a 1 .. an
You might need some more (.. ) brackets , especially if your pure function is given by an ordinary application .
for
You might need some more (.. ) brackets , especially if your pure function is given by an ordinary application .
Infix bonus : ( | blah blah +-*/ rhubarb custard | ) does the same thing as ( | (+-*/) ( blah blah ) ( rhubarb custard ) | ) .
Now you get instance Traversable [ ] where
traverse f [ ] = ( | [ ] | )
traverse f ( x : xs ) = ( |f x : traverse f xs | )
alternatives
If your Applicative is Alternative , there 's a wee extension of this notation that might help .
( | ) denotes failure ( what 's ‘ empty ’ in Control .
Applicative ) .
Meanwhile , if you have more than one choice , you can write ( | blah1 | .. | blahn | ) where each blah is an application in the form described above .
I 've been careful to make sure that you only need an Alternative instance if you provide a number of options other than one .
I like ( | blah1
| ..
| blahn
| )
like a sword with two handles and no point .
like a sword with two handles and no point .
he only does it to annoy We 've got three combinators in the library , ( < $ ) , ( <* ) , and ( * > ) , which let you do things and ignore their values .
To achieve the same effect , put this ‘ noise ’ in ( %.. % ) brackets .
For example , we can write a wee parser like this : pExp :: P Char Exp
pExp =
(| Neg ( %teq '- ' % ) pExp
| ( :+:) ( %teq '( ' % ) pExp ( %teq '+ ' % ) pExp ( %teq ' ) ' % )
| V ( tok isAlpha )
| )
You can even write the :+ : infix if you like , but it gets a bit lost .
You can even write the :+ : infix if you like , but it gets a bit lost .
pure but late
If you want to mix impure and pure arguments , you can stick ~ in front of the pure ones .
For example , ( |lookup token ~ keywordList| ) .
if you can't beat 'em In monadic idioms , we sometimes compute computations .
Postfixing @ computes the value of a computed computation : it just applies join to the story so far .
Safe conditional expression is ( |cond notADrill ~ launchMissiles ~ ( | ( ) | ) ) @ | ) .
QUOTE OF THE DAY
" Absolute truth is a very rare and dangerous commodity in the context of professional journalism . "
HST
This past Friday , the Offices of Inspectors General of the Department of Defense , Department of Justice , CIA , NSA , and Office of the Director of National Intelligence , released an unclassified summary of a report that fills in key details of the problems and controversies surrounding the large - scale electronic surveillance efforts that president George W. Bush authorized the NSA to undertake in the wake of 9/11 .
In my previous article on the report , I described how the extraordinary secrecy around the Presidential Surveillance Program ( PSP ) ended up sabotaging its practical effectiveness as a counter - terror tool .
There are a number of security - related rationales for this secrecy , mostly of the " security through obscurity " variety , but there was a larger , more political reality that appears to have done as much as any operational security concerns to keep the program 's existence so closely held .
In short , the OIG report recounts how the DOJ eventually decided that parts of the PSP were illegal , and the report 's narrative shows clearly that the program 's legality was actually a secondary concern for key members of both the executive and legislative branches , on both sides of the political aisle .
The OIG report is ultimately one chapter in the larger story of how , in the wake of the September 11 attacks , both the executive and the legislative branches of government were willing to turn a blind eye to whatever they thought had to be done to stop further attacks .
This attitude , which was shared by members of both parties and much of the public ( this writer included ) , was that the executive branch should act first to save the country , then worry about legal and Constitutional issues after the fact .
Whatever your feelings on the " act first , legalize later " approach that America adopted in the wake of 9/11 , it 's well worth looking at the OIG report as a document describing the government 's effort to accommodate this definitionally lawless approach to national security within the larger framework of a government of laws .
Compartments : TSP , OIA , and the anatomy of the black box
In the wake of 9/11 , the NSA asked for and received a slate of new surveillance powers , all of which were authorized in a single Presidential Authorization .
The program authorized by this directive , which had to be reauthorized every 45 days or so , was called the Presidential Surveillance Program ( PSP ) , and we might not know about any of it if it had n't been for the New York Times , which shed light on one part of the PSP in a blockbuster article of December 2005 .
The part that the NYT uncovered , which involved the NSA listening in on the electronic communications of suspected terrorists without a warrant , was later acknowledged by the White House and labeled the Terrorist Surveillance Program ( TSP ) .
Importantly , the OIG report reveals that there are parts of the PSP that are not part of the TSP .
The number and nature of these still - secret PSP components is not publicly known , so the report lumps them all together under the heading of Other Intelligence Activities ( OIA ) in order to distinguish them from the now - public TSP .
( So , just to be clear : PSP = TSP + OIA , where the OIA is basically every part of the PSP that has n't been uncovered by the media . )
The real shocker in the report is that it was clearly the OIA that included the most illegal parts of the PSP , and the ones that provoked the dramatic 2004 showdown between the DOJ , FBI , and the White House .
We know that the Other Intelligence Activities that the NSA was engaged in were not legal because the DOJ eventually determined that they were n't .
( More on this in a moment . )
As for how the DOJ first declared the program legal before eventually deciding that it was " not supported by law , " I do n't really know how that happened , but I do know who the OIG report has decided to pin most of the blame on : former Office of Legal Counsel Deputy Assistant Attorney General John Yoo .
Out of the loop : the OIA and Yoo
Take a look at the DOJ org chart below ; I 've put a red circle around the unit where John Yoo served as the number two .
The DOJ org chart .
John
Yoo is the # 2 guy in the OLC , which has a red circle around it .
Yoo was the OLC guy in charge of national security , and the president tapped him directly to write the US government 's official legal opinions as to the legality of the PSP .
Yoo was " read into " the classified program , but his immediate superior , OLC Assistant Attorney General Jay Bybee , was not .?
Bybee later told the OIG that he had no idea that his assistant , a man whose position did n't even require Congressional confirmation , was advising the president directly on a major , Constitution - busting classified signals intelligence initiative .
( Attorney General John Ashcroft , who was also read into the program , actually complained about this highly irregular situation , but nobody fixed it . )
The problem was n't just that Yoo had been scooped up out of the bowels of the DOJ directly by the president without the knowledge of his ( Congressionally confirmed ) superiors , and was then writing memoranda on the legality of the PSP .
No , the real problem was that his advice was apparently so bad that it appears to be something like legal malpractice , yet it was allowed to stand for three years as the official US position on a critical constitutional issue without ever having undergone a shred of peer review or oversight .
Yoo and Yoo alone
In those fear - filled days after 9/11 , Yoo , the ( vice ? ) president 's go - to legal guy on national security matters , donned his cowboy hat , buckled on his six - guns , and rode out far ahead of the rest of the DOJ , eventually going way further in search of legal rationalizations for the NSA 's activities than anyone after him was even remotely comfortable with .?
What Yoo ultimately got away with in the name of national security is remarkable , and I 've outlined his methods below ( the report cites specific examples ) ; as you read the following , keep in mind that all of these problems were uncovered only after Yoo 's peers were finally allowed to review his work .
In other words , this is n't just about Yoo 's deficiencies as a lawyer , but about the fact that he was directed to work in secrecy and isolation , without any of the normal institutional safeguards that would typically identify and stop such flawed work .
The OIG report cites a litany of places where Yoo 's legal advice was so far out - there that his successors had to throw it out .
Indeed , the OIG states that " the subsequent identification of what DOJ officials perceived to be serious factual and legal flaws in Yoo 's early legal analysis of the PSP also precipitated a major dispute between DOJ and the White House over reauthorization of the program that nearly led to the resignations of several senior DOJ and FBI officials in March 2004 . "
The report indicates that these flawed and factually challenged opinions were in support of the legality of the still - secret OIA , not the TSP .
Yoo achieved these feats of legal contortion by three key methods , the first of which was that he simply ignored case law and laws passed by Congress ( statute ) that would have been a problem for his arguments .
Many of the OIG report 's damning revelations about Yoo 's sorry record involve such sins of omission .
But there were some cases where the law was so clearly at odds with his description of the OIA that it could not be ignored .
In these instances , Yoo trotted out his ( now widely derided ) " unitary executive " theory , which holds that no law passed by Congress can restrict the executive branch 's exercise of certain powers that are " inherent in the president . "
From the report :
Yoo also discussed in his memoranda the legal rationale for Other Intelligence Activities authorized as part of the PSP .
To the extent that particular statutes might appear to preclude these activities , Yoo concluded that " we do not believe that Congress may restrict the President 's inherent constitutional powers , which allow him to gather intelligence necessary to defend the nation from direct attack . "
Even after ignoring and dismissing Congress , Yoo still had to resort to one final , desperate measure in order to paper over what the NSA was doing with some veneer of legality .
The OIA were so illegal that Yoo actually had to misrepresent them in his opinions in order to make it all work .
According to the OIG report , the Other Intelligence Activities that Yoo 's memoranda described and blessed as legal were more limited in scope than what was actually being done by the NSA at the time .
If his descriptions of what the OIA were had matched reality , even Yoo 's already stretched opinions supposedly would n't have supported them .
When
Yoo left the DOJ in May 2003 , his successors set about trying to fix the mess his flawed opinions had made by discarding them and cooking up from scratch new legal analyses that could put the PSP on firmer legal footing .
One attempt involved stretching the Authorization for the Use of Military Force that was passed by Congress shortly after 9/11 to give the appearance of Congressional cover to some of the PSP activities .
But even then , lawyers still could n't justify what was going on with OIA , and senior DOJ and FBI officials eventually threatened resignation over the issue .
The legality of the OIA ultimately became a moot point a year ago on July 10 , when Congress passed the FISA Amendments
Act of 2008 that legalized everything in the PSP — OIA included .
Presumably , those once - illegal Other Intelligence Activities are still going on , but now with the explicit support of newly - passed law .
Rationalizations in an emergency
Yoo may have made a hash of the Constitution in his efforts to justify the PSP , but he had plenty of help .
Yoo 's enablers were scattered throughout a US government that , with the ruins at Ground Zero still smoking and giving up the bodies of the dead , was eager to look the other way so that the executive branch could do something about the terrorist threat .
Nobody from either branch or major party who knew about the program wanted to ask too many questions or look too closely .
The OIG report says that " the Attorney General was read into the [ PSP ] on the same day he signed the first Authorization as to form and legality . "
Clearly , Ashcroft did n't have the benefit of even a moment 's study of the program before he declared it legal , so the job of " papering " it after - the - fact was handed to Yoo .
The OIG report indicates that Yoo 's first opinion specifically addressing the legality of the PSP was not drafted until months after the PSP 's initial authorization .
And despite
Yoo 's yeoman efforts , the DOJ was never able to place the program on firm legal footing .
The latter task was left to Congress and the aforementioned 2008 FISA amendment .
Congress 's culpability in the PSP goes all the way back to October of 2001 , when select members of Congress from both parties were briefed on the PSP by the White House .
The congressional leaders emerged from that briefing either knowing key details of the PSP , or knowing that they did n't know enough to evaluate the program .
Either way , they were partners with Yoo and the White House in whatever it is that the NSA did and continues to do under the heading of Other Intelligence Activities .
Endeavour has won the right to make a launch attempt on June 17 ( Wednesday ) , following NASA discussions relating to the schedule priorities of the Eastern Range .
The decision was made easier thanks to good progress on replacing hardware on External Tank ET - 131 ’s Ground Umbilical Carrier Plate ( GUCP ) , as engineers work around the clock to “ safely and deliberately correct the problem ” .
Range Priority :
The decision , made by the Space Operations Mission Directorate ( SOMD ) team – led by NASA Associate Administrator Bill Gerstenmaier – was always the preferred option , bar any serious schedule hits relating to the replacement of the GUCP seal and Quick Disconnect ( QD ) .
Prior to the scrub , NASA ’s Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter ( LRO ) – set to launch on a United Launch Alliance ( ULA ) Atlas V ( AV - 020 ) from Cape Canaveral – held the range from the 17th .
The new plan moves LRO to launch options on the 18th through 20th .
Should any issues arise with STS - 127 during tanking , the early scrub would aid LRO to move up to the 18th , given the Atlas V is scheduled to launch in the evening , thus allowing for additional time to reconfigure the range .
The alternative option of moving STS - 127 to the 20th – allowing the range to be reconfigured for LRO ’s original launch window from Wednesday – reduced the sum total of launch options during the week .
STS - 127 Processing Latest :
A team of engineers , most of which are affectionately known as “ Pad Rats ” , have been ably working through the shifts to replace the GUCP QD and seal .
Following the similar leak on STS - 119 , this replacement procedure has proved to be successful .
“ S0007 Launch Countdown Call continues to proceed well per timeline .
Critical Milestones :
At 0020 EDT June 13th the Launch was scrubbed due to an excessive hydrogen leak at the ET GUCP .
Update : GUCP QD / flight seal final retorque is in work .
Shim installation is complete , ” Monday processing information on L2 noted , adding that the replacement seal – one of six available – is classed as “ flawless ” .
“ Vent line was removed by the start of 2nd shift .
LH ( Left Hand ) and RH ( Right Hand ) hinge pins were not able to be rotated .
We went through six engagement seals before one flawless one was found .
Got through the initial torque of the 24 bolts around the retainer ring before we had to leave pad for weather .
Timing was fortunate because we have a 3 hour re-torque . ”
“ The team is working safely and deliberately to correct the problem for a 2nd Launch attempt on June 17th , ” added a NASA Test Director , “ with T - 0 expected at 0540 EDT . ”
While SOMD made the call on the range priority , the Mission Management Team ( MMT ) waited until the range requested instruction , in order to have the most up - to - date information on the ongoing GUCP work – which wo n’t be completed until Tuesday morning , via leak checks .
Once the GUCP work has been finalized , preparations will be made to resume the S0007 ( Launch Countdown ) at the T - 11 hour mark , with tanking taking place in the evening .
The only other issue that was worked on the stack related to an oil leak from what appears to be one of the Tail Service Masts ( TSM ) .
The leak was not serious , but was spread over a large area of pad – and orbiter – when a storm passed over the launch complex .
However , the condition of the orbiter ’s TPS ( Thermal Protection System ) has since been cleared as acceptable for flight .
“ HYD fluid leak dripped / splashed onto the Orbiter near TSM .
Inspection showed hyd fluid on elevon / aft stub , ” noted a report on L2 .
“ A fluid sample was collected and the contaminated areas are wiped with IPA ( isopropyl alcohol ) .
“ Evaluated the sample and determined that the contamination is NOT hydraulic fluid but is in fact a Hydrocarbon Oil .
“ Per spec , hydrocarbon and synthetic fluids and greases that have not absorbed below OML ( Outer Mold Line ) coating / fabric are acceptable once cleaned per the approved ( specifications ) .
“ All contaminated areas have been cleaned .
Discrepancy is not longer an MR ( Material Review ) condition and is ready to close . ”
Also noted was a small area of damage on one of Endeavour ’s tiles associated with her left hand RCC ( Reinforced Carbon Carbon ) TPS , found by the Ice Inspection team during their post scrub walkdown of the vehicle .
“ Tile damage found on the V070 - 191029 - 149 tile ( two tiles forward of L/H RCC 1 ) , approximately 0.5 ” in diameter and coating only ( around 0.03 ” ) , ” noted and associated log report ( L2 ) .
It is common for small areas of TPS damage to be found ahead of launch , with the importance of logging such observations providing useful records to the DAT ( Damage Assessment Team ) , so they can dismiss the area of interest as new damage during their evaluations into imagery gained on orbit .
GUCP Investigation Latest :
STS - 127 can launch without a root cause for the tank leak being found , much like the scenario with STS - 119 ’s turnaround from the leak on ET - 127 .
However , finding a specific problem with the hardware would allow for the mitigation of leaks on downstream tankings .
With the old QD and seal now removed from ET - 131 , engineers have been able to inspect the hardware for issues .
As of reports filed on Monday , nothing significant has yet been found .
“ GH2 vent seal inspection results : rolled edge around entire circumference with worst case from 4 to 10 o’clock position , ” noted one log report on the status of the old seal ( L2 ) .
“ No inclusions and no scratched observed . ”
It was , however , noted that small gaps were observed on the right hand side of the seal , prior to its removal .
This may have been caused by one of a number of issues – which will be investigated by engineering teams .
Firstly , the GUCP may have been “ jostled ” via its numerous mate / demates as part of the STS - 400 LON ( Launch On Need ) support role for STS - 125 , which most recently saw the tank ’s GUCP mated on Pad 39B , before the stack was moved and remated with Pad 39A once Endeavour moved to her primary STS - 127 role .
Because the seal is a hard teflon ring with no resiliency , the seal presents a sharp corner edged to a smooth tapered metal probe .
Any bump , dent or mis-alignment of the probe during installation could result in a leak caused by damage to the teflon edge on the seal .
Such an incident may also be related to another candidate for the cause of the leak , relating to an issue with the GUCP hardware ’s installation inside the Vehicle Assembly Building ( VAB ) – as noted by Lockheed Martin ’s External Tank presentation to the Agency Flight Readiness Review ( available on L2 ) .
“ ET - 131 Ground Umbilical Carrier Plate ( GUCP ) Installation , Issue : Interference between GUCA ( ground umbilical carrier assembly ) and ET - 131 right hand hinge support observed during mate GUCP ( Ground Umbilical Carrier Plate ) installation in VAB ( Vehicle Assembly Building ) , ” noted the FRR presentation
“ Installation sequence verifies contact with hinge supports and no interference between pivot assembly and hinge bracket .
Interference occurred on RH ( Right Hand ) side of RH pivot assembly to RH inside of bracket . ”
The presentation went on to note that the entire GUCP unit was removed and different unit installed – however , the interference remained .
Visual inspections also indicated a slight misalignment of carrier plate with panel cut-out .
The solution came via a slight modification to the RH pivot assembly on ET - 131 , which was verified as a “ repair configuration ( that ) does not impact GUCP release mechanism or sealing interface between flight and ground side .
Installation sequence verifies proper alignment and rotational capability . ”
Interestingly , the previous incident relating to problems with the GUCP installation inside the VAB came ahead of STS - 119 on ET - 127 – which also leaked during tanking .
However , if the two incidents prove to be related to a leak during tanking , there will be added confidence that the R&R being undertaken at present will result in a smooth tanking for the second launch attempt .
The major question which remains as to why the seal still leaked , following the confirmation of a good alignment after VAB troubleshooting , also the news that the seal appears to be in a reasonably good condition – following inspections after its removal on Sunday .
This will all be taken into account during the subsequent investigation , while hopes remain high that the new QD and seal will protect against another leak on during the tanking on the second launch attempt .
L2 members : Documentation – from which the above article has quoted snippets – is available in full in the related L2 sections , now over 4000 gbs in size .
Adding to the debate over whether Regina Benjamin is " too fat " to be U.S. Surgeon General is the most qualified Fox News pundit ever : Michael Karolchyk , owner of a Denver gym that specializes in " getting clients in shape for sex . "
Karolchyk wore a " No Chubbies " t- shirt on Fox — yes , really — and told host Neil Cavuto that Benjamin is " 50 pounds overweight , she is obese . "
When Cavuto questioned the seemingly arbitrary figure , Karolchyk replied , " I have a lot of experience with this . "
Sounds like he should work for US Weekly , gauging celebs ' weight just by looking at photographs .
In fact , he might have to — because he 's basically the male Tracy Anderson ( minus the celebrity clients , plus some real silly hand gestures ) .
Advertisement
According to a profile in the magazine 5280 , Karolchyk idolizes Holden Caulfield and , in his heyday , gave out condoms as business cards and enjoyed filming commercials where he slammed pies into overweight women 's faces .
He used to run the Anti-Gym ( link NSFW , due to pics of a guy taking of lingerie with his teeth , the word " sex " in huge letters , obnoxious music , and being generally horrible ) , which boasts that " With live DJs , cage dancers , and our elite co-ed Ravish Room , Anti-Gym boasts the hottest facilities and clientele in Denver . "
And which , in fact , we 've written about before !
Moe said ,
Advertisement
The Ravish Room turns out to be a sauna that admits only members who have reached a sufficiently low body mass index , but you also have to be screened to so much as join his gym , where motivational techniques include having cupcakes hurled at you on the treadmill
Advertisement
But Karolchyk apparently hurls cupcakes no more — his gym / sex - cliche horror show was shut down in January for nonpayment of " at least $ 184,078.76 " in taxes .
After the shutdown , stacks of documents about Karolchyk 's clients — including not just their names and credit card numbers but also personal information about their cancer diagnoses and helpful descriptors like " fatty lazy " and " lazy piece of shit " — were found in a dumpster .
Karolchyk swears he did n't dump his clients ' personal information in such an unsecured location , but since he's the kind of guy who describes his customers as " fatty lazy , " we somehow doubt he has all that much consideration for them .
Karolchyk says ( based , again , on the scientific method of Watching Video Footage ) that Benjamin is " lazy " and makes " poor food choices . "
He asks if we'd want " the head of the Fed Reserve to be a guy in a cardboard box " or " Michael Jackson 's doctor " as the head of the DEA .
By the same token , we do n't want a cupcake - hurling , tax - evading , self - described " chubbyist " to tell us who 's qualified to be Surgeon General .
Advertisement
Fox News : Surgeon General Too Fat [ Talking Points Memo ]
Fox Lashes Health Pick As ' Too Fat to Serve ' [ Newser ]
Anti-Gym's Michael Karolchyk Gets Flayed In Channel 4 Report [ Westword ]
' Anti-Gym ' Personal Records Found In Dumpster [ Channel 4 News , Denver ]
Anti-Gym [ Official Site ]
How Much Does Anti-Gym's Michael Karolchyk Owe To The IRS ? [ Westword ]
This Man Thinks
You 're Fat [ 5280 ]
Advertisement
Earlier : Is Your BMI Low Enough For Michael " No Chubbies " Karolchyk's Co-Ed Sauna ??
Oh No !
Female Nominees Continue To Face Scrutiny Over Their Size , Weight
This is the True Love Story i ever heard
She must be lucky ( Rosemarie “ Rose ” Siggins )
This is an example of a Tension free family life
She defeats her discomfort
And she is a mother of two
We Shall build a Temple for this Guy
We can Nominate her an Award for her courage towards the Life
Rosemarrie siggnis
Source :
Last updated on : June 18 , 2009 14:18 IST
Inflation turned negative 1.61 for the first time in 30 years but the prices of food items like fruit and vegetables , cereals and oil were still higher than last year .
With the wholesale price index shrinking to 232.7 points for the week ended June 6 from 236.5 in the same week a year ago , India possibly is the only major economy moving into a deflationary zone though the European region is near zero level due to recessionary pressures .
The stock markets immediately welcomed the development and jumped by about 200 points from the morning lows as market analysts expect this to help further ease the monetary policy restrictions and pave the way for cut in banks ' lending rates .
Releasing the wholesale price data , the government said ' the annual rate of inflation , calculated on a point to point to basis stood at minus 1.61 per cent for the week ended June 6 as compared to 0.13 per cent for the previous week and 11.66 per cent during the corresponding week of previous year ' .
However , food articles were costlier by 8.7 per cent from the comparable week last year as pulses moved up 17 per cent , cereals 13.5 per cent , and fruit and vegetables 10 per cent .
The dip was on account of a fall in fuel prices as international crude oil is now ruling around $ 70 a barrel against over $ 140 a barrel during the year - ago period .
As a result , the fuel index slipped by 13 per cent compared to the corresponding week a year ago .
However , furnace oil and naphtha turned expensive by 7 per cent each and diesel oil was dearer by 4 per cent .
Among food articles , items like fruit and vegetables declined by 7 per cent , fish - marine by 2 per cent and gram and groundnut seeds by 1 per cent each .
At the same time , groundnut oil and imported edible oil turned cheaper by one per cent .
Nonetheless , prices of arhar surged 7 per cent ; jowar and eggs 3 per cent each ; masur and maize 2 per cent each ; while moong , mutton and spices turned expensive by one per cent each during the week .
Salt prices surged by a whopping 10 per cent during the week while sugar was dearer by one per cent .
Inflation fell to sub - zero level despite rising food prices , which analysts feel is not good for the economy .
" It is not very positive for the economy , particularly the manufacturing sector . . . inflation dipped to below zero level in 1975 , the emergency days , " said ICRIER consultant Mathew Joseph .
He further said that as the RBI cannot do much about falling inflation , ' the government in the Budget should push reforms to restore the confidence of industries and initiate steps to generate overall demand " .
Crisil principal economist D K Joshi opined that inflation falling below zero was imminent .
It was merely postponed due to rising food prices .
Negative inflation is due to low demand and high base effect .
The index is likely to remain in the sub - zero level for 2 - 3 months , unless there is spike in the prices of oil and commodities , he said .
As per the annual monetary policy for 2009 - 10 released by RBI , inflation was expected to come into negative territory by the early part of 2009 - 10 but it would be a statistical significance and it would move to 4 per cent by March 2010 .
Analysts believe that inflation at sub - zero level makes case of softening of the interest rates .
RBI may reduce its lending and borrowing rates by 25 basis points in its July policy .
From December , there might be reversal of policy by the central bank , HDFC Bank economist Jyotinder Kaur said .
Among manufactured products , prices of tractor tyres were up by 8 per cent , motor tyres and lead ingots by 4 per cent each during the week .
However , steel ingots were cheaper by 7 per cent and steel sheets , plates & strips and zinc ingots fell by 1 per cent each on weekly basis .
Inflation for the week ended April 11 was revised upwards to 0.96 per cent from 0.26 per cent , as estimated provisionally .
Two MPs abstained in what was a close vote
Parliament in Iceland has voted by a narrow majority to set in motion an application to join the European Union , after five days of gruelling debate .
Prime Minister Johanna Sigurdardottir of the Social Democrats has also been pushing for the adoption of the euro as the Nordic country 's currency .
The bid must now be approved by the EU , after which Iceland 's people will be asked to vote on it in a referendum .
Ms Sigurdardottir said that several years of negotiations lay ahead .
The main benefits of EU membership at the moment would be the possibility of joining the exchange rate mechanism , and eventually adopting the euro
Gylfi Magnusson
Icelandic business minister EU commission chief Jose Manuel Barroso welcomed the vote , saying Iceland was a " European country with long and deep democratic roots " .
Opponents of the bid fear EU quotas could hurt Iceland 's fishing industry .
Correspondents say Iceland , with a population of just 320,000 , has traditionally been sceptical about joining the EU .
But many people there have warmed to the idea of membership following the devastating economic meltdown which saw the top Icelandic banks collapse in a matter of days last year .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
The government will formally submit Iceland 's bid to the EU in Brussels on 27 July , at a meeting of its foreign ministers .
Arni Thor Sigurdsson , chairman of the parliamentary committee handling EU issues , told Reuters news agency that Iceland would not be ready to join the EU any earlier than 2013 .
Financial woes Members of the 63 - seat Althingi , Iceland 's parliament , backed the proposal to start membership talks with the EU by 33 votes to 28 , with two abstentions .
ICELAND'S EU BID 16 July : Parliament backs bid by slim majority 27 July : Bid due to be submitted to Brussels February 2010 : Entry talks may begin Late 2011 / early 2012 : Bid goes to popular referendum 2013 : Earliest date Iceland can realistically join Source : Arni Thor Sigurdsson , chairman of parliamentary committee on EU issues , quoted by Reuters Five members of the Left Green party , the Social Democrats ' partner in the coalition government , rejected it , AFP news agency reports .
The Social Democrats and the Left Greens formed a government at the end of April following a general election .
Interviewed by Reuters , Prime Minister Sigurdardottir said that Thursday 's outcome was " probably the most historic vote in the history of [ Iceland 's ] parliament " .
" I sincerely hope and believe that we will end up with an agreement that will help us create the necessary economic stability , ensure prosperity in the long term for both families and businesses , " she said .
' Tensions ahead '
Mr Barroso said the Icelandic vote was proof of the " vitality of the European project and indicative of the hope that Europe represents " .
Despite the outcome of the vote in parliament , I doubt very much that the general population will approve of Iceland joining the EU
BBC News website reader Thorunn Sleight , from Reykjavik , Iceland
Readers debate Iceland 's EU bid Iceland 's Business Minister , Gylfi Magnusson , believes that euro zone membership would help stabilise the country 's currency .
" The main benefits of EU membership at the moment would be the possibility of joining the exchange rate mechanism , and eventually adopting the euro , " he told the BBC before the parliamentary vote .
Michael Emerson , a political analyst at the Centre for European Policy Studies , warned that Icelandic entry was not a done deal .
" It remains to be seen whether some issues like fish will prove difficult negotiation points , " he said .
" And then we will have to see if the Icelandic people still like the idea .
A ' Yes ' should not be taken for granted .
There 'll be tensions . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Backgrounded : A Simple Wrapper for Ruby Background Tasks
By Ric Roberts
Like Ryan Sonnek , I 've dabbled with a few different ways to run background processes in my Ruby apps , even resorting to knocking together my own ( far from perfect ) solution .
As Ryan says on his blog , many popular libraries have complicated interfaces and do n't " feel right " .
I tend to disagree , however , with his statement that every ruby background job solution sucks , and I 'm sure he does n't really mean it .
Although his offering , Backgrounded , is refreshingly simple and concise , it 's effectively just a wrapper for other solutions .
With Backgrounded , if you want a certain method to always run in the background , you can specify it like this :
class
User backgrounded : do_stuff def do_stuff # do all your work here end end
... and then just call that method in the normal way .
The actual background work can be taken care of by a handler of your choice , but delayed _job comes bundled .
Ryan 's meta- programming approach for declaring background tasks doubles - up as documentation , and puts the focus on the individual methods rather than requiring you to create separate classes for your jobs .
Get Backgrounded as a gem or download the source from Github .
Advertisements
Rep. Ron Paul ( R - TX ) was on MSNBC’s The Ed Show tonight reacting to the fact that one of his supporters , William Kostric , brought a loaded gun to the venue where President Obama held his healthcare town hall yesterday .
Paul praised Obama and the Secret Service for their understanding of the state law and letting Kostric peacefully protest .
Here is the video :
Advertisements
When asked for his reaction to one of his supporters actions Rep .
Paul said , “ I think it proves a couple of points .
One thing I think it shows a remarkable restraint by the president and his Secret Service because they did n’t overreact .
They recognize what the state law was , and that this man did n’t break any laws in that he was just practicing a right that he has , so I think this is very good , and Obama deserves credit for this . ”
He also said that this proves that the person is more dangerous than the gun , “ I also think what this demonstrates is that it ’s the old conservative argument that it not the gun that the danger , it ’s the person that ’s dangerous .
He ’s a peaceful person .
He obeyed the law .
He was not a man of violence and it went quite well , so I think it is a remarkable demonstration when you compare it to what 19 individuals could do with razor blades versus one man with a pistol that happens to be a law abiding citizen . ”
Paul pointed out that a lot of people in New Hampshire carry , and he likely was n’t doing it for attention .
He said he campaigned in New Hampshire and he was a little surprised by the number of people who carry guns .
Can you imagine what would have happened to Mr. Kostric if he would have done this while George W. Bush was president ?
That is assuming that he could get close enough to the venue where the president was to actually protest .
Obama and his Secret Service to do deserve credit for the way they handled this .
They determined that Kostric was peaceful and obeying the law , so they let him protest .
This is a complete change from the way the Bush administration used to deal with protesters .
Kostric probably would have been arrested , labeled a terrorist , and thrown in jail under Bush .
Frankly , I do n’t understand what the big deal is , or why some people are upset with this story .
Bringing a gun to a presidential event , may defy common sense , but if it is n’t against the law in your state , and behave peacefully , I do n’t see a problem .
I am sure if the Secret Service thought Kostric was dangerous they would have acted , but the shift from Bush to Obama has been night and day in terms of respecting the rights of citizens .
Russia warned today it would not allow Georgia to rearm amid signs that the government in Tbilisi had actively sounded out the Obama administration about rebuilding the military during a visit by the vice - president , Joe Biden , on the eve of the anniversary of last year 's war .
Russia 's foreign ministry said it would take " concrete steps " to prevent Georgia from rebuilding its military capability , and served notice that it would sever military co-operation with any country that supplied arms to Tbilisi .
It said it was " deeply worried " Georgia was preparing for another conflict , as tensions continue to rise ahead of the 7 August anniversary of last year 's brief war .
The stern warning from Moscow came after US officials indicated that Georgia 's president , Mikhail Saakashvili , had asked Biden for US help to rebuild his armed forces following last year 's crushing defeat by Russia .
He had allegedly requested anti-tank and anti-aircraft weapons .
Another US official later denied the request had formally been made .
Any request for arms is likely to embarrass the White House at a time when it is attempting to reset relations with Russia .
US officials also disowned earlier comments that Saakashvili asked Washington to send monitors to the tense border regions with South Ossetia and Abkhazia .
But Biden has made a point during his visit of reaffirming Washington 's strong support for Georgia 's territorial integrity and its attempts to join Nato .
" We , the United States stand by you on your journey to a secure , free , democratic and once again united Georgia , " he said , adding that the US would not recognise Georgia 's Moscow - backed rebel republics .
He also recalled visiting Tbilisi during last year 's conflict , as Russian bombs fell : " Instead of standing in your parliament I sat on a roof on top of a restaurant with President Saakashvili as the sound of artillery fire and fighter aircraft punctuated the night . "
The US administration is currently holding talks with Russia over a new nuclear strategic arms reduction pact following Barack Obama 's visit to Moscow two weeks ago .
It is also seeking the Kremlin 's cooperation on Iran , and logistical assistance for US troops in Afghanistan .
Today , however , the US vice - president made clear that any strategic accommodation with Moscow would not take place at the expense of Georgia , or other pro-western allies such as Ukraine .
He also rejected Moscow 's doctrine that it has " privileged interests " in post -Soviet states .
" I know there is some concern , and I understand it , that our efforts to reset relations with Russia will come at the expense of Georgia .
Let me be clear : they have not , they will not and they cannot . "
Biden also called on Moscow to implement last August 's ceasefire deal , which saw Russia 's president Dmitry Medvedev agree to pull Russian troops back to their pre-conflict positions .
Russia has since poured thousands of soldiers into both breakaway republics , arguing they are now sovereign entities .
Most analysts are sceptical that Russia is planning a new invasion of Georgia .
According to Yulia Latynina , writing in the Moscow Times , Obama received private reassurances from Russia 's leaders during his recent Moscow summit that there would be no second conflict .
There is little prospect of a Georgian attack .
Russian experts say Georgia 's small army is no match for the strong Russian military grouping now sitting on the de facto border .
Russia 's forces include tanks , border troops and heavy ammunition .
" Russia does n't want a new war at the moment .
They have economic interests in Europe to consider , " Natalia Leshchenko , a senior analyst at Global Insight said .
" They would not want to do anything to worsen their standing with the US or Europe . "
Biden was given a rapturous reception in Tbilisi , with hundreds of people waving Georgian and US flags as his motorcade sped past .
Rebiya Kadeer , the exiled Uighur leader , today claimed that almost 10,000 Uighurs had " disappeared " during ethnic unrest in China 's north - western region of Xinjiang earlier this month and called on the international community to launch an inquiry .
Speaking during a controversial visit to Japan , Kadeer said Chinese authorities had used undercover " snatch squads " to target Uighurs during clashes between Uighur and Han Chinese in the city of Urumqi on 5 July .
" Almost 10,000 people attending the protests in Urumqi disappeared in one night , " Kadeer , president of the pro-independence World Uighur Congress , said .
" Where did they go ?
If they died , where are their bodies ?
If they were detained , where are they being held ? "
It was unclear where Kadeer got her numbers from .
The state news agency , Xinhua , said today that authorities in western China had arrested 253 more people suspected of being involved in the violence in Urumqi , in addition to the 1,434 detained earlier over suspected involvement in the 5 July riot .
There are no details of the ethnicity of suspects .
The violence began after police attempted to break up a peaceful protest against the killings days earlier of two Uighur workers by Han Chinese colleagues at a factory in Guangdong , southern China .
At least 197 people died – including 137 Han and 46 Uighurs – and 1,800 others were injured in the worst ethnic violence China has seen for decades .
China has accused Kadeer , 62 , of inciting the riots and warned Japan that her visit could damage bilateral ties .
China 's ambassador to Japan , Cui Tiankai , denounced her as a criminal .
" How would the people of Japan feel if a violent crime occurred in Japan and its mastermind is invited to visit a third country ? " he said in an interview with the Kyodo news agency .
Japanese officialstoday attempted to play down the significance of Kadeer 's visit .
" As a government , we understand that [ it ] came about as the result of a private invitation , and we do not think it will have a negative impact on the Japan - China relationship , " the chief cabinet secretary , Takeo Kawamura , told reporters .
China also lodged a strongly worded complaint with Australia , where Kadeer is due to give a nationally televised speech next month , following the screening of a documentary about her life at the Melbourne international film festival .
Kadeer , who lives in the US , said the Chinese authorities had turned the peaceful demonstration in Urumqi into a bloodbath to justify a crackdown on Uighurs , a Muslim people who refer to the region as East Turkestan .
" For Uighurs , taking part in a demonstration is akin to committing suicide , so they would not have demonstrated without a good reason , " she said .
A block on internet access imposed in Xinjiang three weeks ago has been partially lifted , but residents are still unable to make overseas phone calls .
Normal service is not expected to resume until after 1 October , the 60th anniversary of the founding of the People 's Republic of China .
Kadeer said China 's Uighur population , which accounts for less than half of Xinjiang 's 20 million people , would have little cause to mark the anniversary .
" We have not enjoyed freedom for the past 60 years , " she said .
" There is n't a single Uighur family that has n't suffered at the hands of the Chinese Communist party .
" East Turkestan is rich in resources , but we have not seen the economic benefits .
We are not allowed to freely practise our religion .
As Uighurs , we have nothing to celebrate . "
by
The answer is $ 144,326.06 .
Yep , if you were to buy all 55,732 apps currently available in the App Store it would cost you just under $ 145,000 .
An interesting tidbit .
Though , for some reason that number seems low to me…it would be interesting to see an updated graph of the price ratios for all the apps in the App Store .
Info via Gizmodo .
Our friend Péter Archibald Bodola sent us their design of a temporary art pavillion for a competition called TOGS ( Temporary Outdoor Gallery Space ) in March of this year , where 200 entries from all over the world were received by the organizers .
The temporary architecture installation is an outdoor exhibit which provides prestigious gallery space .
More images and architect ’s description after the break .
We imagined the pavilion as the foreground of the “ Light Box ” , which we wanted to emphasize as an entrance - gate like design .
Walking through the pavilion gives a special space - experience , with the help of this the visitors are prepared of the exhibition .
The unique geometrical construction shows the possibility of the FACIT - system .
We endeavored to the statue - like appear at the design of the construction of the pavilion .
On this behalf we worked with hidden connections and simple materials .
We set light shade canvas between the wooden structural frames .
Mobile furniture system – which can be converted easily – serves the different claims of the three expected scenarios .
Architects : Péter Bodola , Gábor Böszörményi , Alex Fülöp , Zombor Lukács , Balázs Szirmai
Our rivers , lakes , aquifers , and coastal waters are n’t unlimited resources that can handle whatever we take out or dump in .
These waters need protection .
NRDC pressures the federal government to protect all U.S. waters under the Clean Water Act .
We also fight for policies and practices that ensure a safe and sufficient water supply through efficiency , pollution controls , better management , and infrastructure improvements .
[ Haskell - cafe ] ANN : Leksah 0.6
Hi , Just a quick note to let people know we released a new version of Leksah this week .
Thanks for the help and feedback on the previous version .
We have done our best to add the features we thought were most pressing .
Please give it a go and let us know what features you would like to see most in the future .
http://leksah.org/
__
What 's New __ * Integrated GHCi based debugging * Multi - window support ( View -> Detach ) * Improved layout control ( drag & drop and nesting ) * Regular expression find and replace * Grep files in the current package * Improved Mac OS X integration __ Known Bugs and Problems __ *
The package editor works only for cabal files without configurations .
* MS Windows :
The check for external modifications of source files does not work .
* MS Windows : Interruption of a background build does not work .
* Navigation in Trace history does not work .
Mac OSX users can install using Mac Ports as usual or use the provided Intel binary ( tested on Leopard only ) .
http://leksah.org/Leksah-0.6.1.0.dmg
Hamish
Well , it ’s coming down to the wire ; the Obama Administration is perhaps just weeks away from enacting legislation that will put our loved ones ’ health in the hands of a colossal government bureaucracy comprised of nameless / faceless administrators , drive up job - killing taxes through massive spending , create huge waiting lists for life - saving procedures , cause a shortage of doctors , significantly harm the middle class and poor , elicit health - care rationing as we ’ve never before experienced , and , in the end , bring us an inferior level of healthcare .
All of these are certain to be true …and presenting our case like this is exactly the WRONG way to win the hearts and minds of those we are trying to persuade .
Instead , we must communicate the issue at the very heart of this matter and which – as far as I can tell – no one ; including any of the usual “ Pro-Economic Liberty ” pundits , are explaining .
In fact , the Pro-Universal Crowd has done a brilliant job of framing a false argument :
“ Do we stick with a Free - Market Healthcare system which is not working ? ”
or …
“ Do we at least do something to try and help ; for example , go to a system of Universal Healthcare ? ”
And ( anti-Constitutionality aside ) , that question would make sense , except …
WE DON’T CURRENTLY HAVE A FREE - MARKET BASED HEALTHCARE SYSTEM .
( Sorry for shouting but has nobody noticed that ??!!)
Actually , we have n’t had a market - based healthcare system in over 50 years .
When we did , it worked magnificently well for everyone , including the financially disadvantaged .
Only after government first inched its way in and then eventually controlled nearly every aspect of it did we find ourselves in the predicament we are currently in , with the masses now asking the government to solve the very problem they created ( I ca n’t think of anything more nonsensical ) .
While I explain all this in my five - part series , Check Your Healthcare Premises , it hardly matters if we do n’t effectively communicate this faulty premise to those who advocate Socialized ( i.e. Socialistic ) Healthcare .
We must “ control the frame ” and re-direct the argument from a choice between a current “ free - market ” system ( which it is not ) that does n’t work ( and it does n’t ) and a socialized system of healthcare that will be absolutely disastrous …and offer a third choice ; indeed , the only choice that can work , and – even better – has proven to work ; a healthcare system based on the free market .
The next time someone presents the argument as the false choice of two , simply tell them ( with no defensiveness ) : “ We do n’t have a free market healthcare system . ”
They will say , “ Of course we do ; how can you say that we do n’t ? ”
You respond : “ There are 133,000 pages of health care regulation in the U.S. Federal Register .
Please tell me why you would consider that to be free market . ”
You have just reframed the debate .
Now , he / she must explain why today ’s system IS market - based instead of you explaining that our current government - controlled system works just fine ( which it does n’t , and everyone knows it does n’t and it does n’t do anyone any good when anyone tries to say differently ) .
They might , in desperation , say , “ but something has to change . ”
You respond : “ Absolutely healthcare needs to change .
Would n’t you agree that the right change is to the system that worked before ; the free market ?
After all , you are genuinely concerned that people who truly need medical care get it , are n’t you ? ”
Again , you ’ve reframed this to highlight the benevolence of the free market rather than an “ I do n’t care about others ” attitude that they wrongly believe .
Important :
Once the person recognizes ( or , your reader or listener understands ) that the free market is not to blame for our current healthcare woes , you can offer a third alternative ; that we get government OUT of our healthcare system and go back to the excellent system we once had ( either read my five - part series or utilize information you already know that provides the benefits of a free - market healthcare system ) .
The key is that – once you set the correct premise and offer the third alternative , you must remain totally disciplined to not get “ sucked into ” arguing their false dilemma and continue to bring it back to the correct premise .
If we can do this consistently , and teach our fellow lovers of liberty how to do the same , then not only will we not be saddled with a socialized system of healthcare that we ’ll never be able to reverse , but we ’ll provide everyone ; including the children , the elderly and the financially disadvantaged with the benefits of the one healthcare system that truly works … the free market .
' I 'll go abroad to keep my baby ' : Pregnant again mother of 13 vows to save new baby as sister calls for her to be sterilised
' Baby factory ' : Theresa Winters pictured with partner Tony Housden is pregnant with her 14th child
A pregnant woman who has had all 13 of her previous children taken into care has vowed to flee abroad to prevent social workers taking away her 14th .
Theresa Winters , 36 , says leaving the country could be the only way she and partner Tony Housden will be allowed to keep the child .
It comes as her sister Louise Walls said she was ashamed of her own sibling and called for her to be sterilised .
Miss Winters , a heavy smoker who was herself taken into care as a teenager , accused social workers of failing to help her achieve her deepest wish of having a family and she would keep giving birth until she is allowed to keep one .
She told the Sun : ' Leaving the country would be the easiest thing to do .
If we had the money we would go tomorrow .
' Then these people would n't be able to touch us .
' People think we 're bad parents but we 're not .
We have changed - since we had the first five babies anyway .
' No one has given us a chance since then . '
Miss Winters has now spent more than 10 years of her life pregnant and is four months from giving birth to her 14th child .
Mr Housden , 36 , said : ' We do n't want to scrounge off taxpayers ' money .
We want to work and do the right thing but we do n't feel we 're being given a chance .
' If we could leave the country we would .
Then we would grow up like a real family and keep our baby . '
The couple , who live on £ 1,100 in benefits , believe they could save enough money to move abroad .
Louise Walls , 37 , accused her sister of having more children out of ' pure spite ' .
The mother - of - three told the Daily Mirror : ' She should be sterilised .
She 's going to end up with 20 kids taken into care .
' It has to be stopped .
I 'm ashamed to be her sister .
' Spite ' : Louise Walls , 37 , Miss Winter 's sister , says her sibling does not care about the children and should be sterilised
' She 's not worried about the babies - she 's told me that .
She said that every time they take one she will just have another and they can pay for it .
' She 's used to them taking her children so it does n't affect her .
She is sick . '
Miss Winter , who lives in a one - bedroom flat in Luton , Bedfordshire , had her first child with ex-husband Wayne Redding at 19 .
Their daughter , who can not be named for legal reasons , was taken away in 1994 aged two after the couple were accused of neglect .
Two years later their next child was also taken away .
Miss
Winter then began an affair with Mr Housden , who had been a lodger in their home .
She divorced Mr Redding , a New Zealander , and went on to have another 11 children with Mr Housden , all of whom have been taken into care .
Halfway there : Theresa and Tony with baby number six in 1999
TIMELINE TO THERESA WINTERS ' CHILDREN
August 1992 - Girl January 1994 - Boy January 1995 - Boy September 1996 - Boy September 1997 - Boy May 1999 - Girl June 2000 - Girl June 2001 - Boy September 2002 - Girl November 2003 - Boy January 2006 - Girl March 2007 - Girl March 2008 - Boy
Four of them were found to have a rare and degenerative condition , which has a genetic link , after birth .
One of those has since died .
The couple have been told they cannot keep the children due to ' concerns about severe neglect , lack of parenting ability and the consequent risk to any child in their care ' .
Mrs Walls added : ' It breaks my heart to think of those little children .
What life will they lead ?
' When I ask why she keeps getting pregnant she says " I do n't give a s***. I want the Government to pay " .
It 's pure spite . '
The couple were able to see some of the children when they turned two in supervised visits at contact centres .
But Miss Winters said : ' Now we are not allowed to see them at all .
' Sometimes we are sent photographs of them , but nothing after they are aged about six .
' The birth certificates are the only proof I 've got that they 're my kids . '
Miss Winters , who left school with no qualifications and worked as a factory packer until giving birth to her first child , receives £ 271 a month disability allowance .
An accident left it difficult for her to walk .
Mr Housden , 36 , is her registered carer and they receive £ 511.33 a month in income support , plus £ 300 a month for housing benefit and council tax on their one - bedroom flat .
Latest arrival , a boy born last year .
Ms Winters has not been allowed to keep any of her children beyond the age of two
This baby boy who was born in 2003 has since died
Mr Housden used to work as a pizza delivery man but gave up 17 years ago .
Speaking openly of her past Miss Winters said she had not been a ' perfect person ' .
' Back in 1992 I was a bit aggressive , but never towards the kids , ' she said .
' I told them off as any normal person would .
I shouted at them .
But I never hit them .
' In one sense they were right to take them away .
I was young .
It could have turned violent with social services .
' They looked at it thinking that if I was aggressive towards social services , I 'd be aggressive towards my kids . '
She added that she had ' calmed down ' now .
A spokesman for Luton Council said : ' It is a court process that results in babies being separated from their parents and throughout the process , parents can be legally represented and fully involved . '
When John McCain was shot down over Hanoi in 1967 , he was flying an A4 Skyhawk .
That jet cost $ 860,000 .
Inflation has risen by 700 % since then .
So Mr. McCain's A4 cost $ 6.1 million in 2008 dollars .
Applying a generous factor of three for technological improvements , the price for a 2008 Navy F18 fighter should be about $ 18 million .
Instead , we are paying about $ 90 million for each new fighter .
As a result , the Navy can not buy sufficient numbers .
This is disarmament without a treaty .
The ...
As California stares at a $ 24bn shortfall in its budget , it would seem no solution is too crazy to consider .
The problem has inspired the newly minted assemblyman Tom Ammiano to introduce a bill that would regulate marijuana like alcohol .
This measure comes as a parallel ballot initiative is being considered for 2010 , and senator Jim Webb has proposed a commission to study important criminal issues in Washington .
In normal times , the idea of legalising pot would never really be taken seriously , despite impressive facts , figures and logic .
However , as protesters march outside of the Ronald Reagan building in Los Angeles in response to painful budget cuts to programmes supporting disabled people , the prospect of earning the state $ 1.3 bn in revenue per year suddenly makes the idea more palatable .
While taxing marijuana consumption would not fix all budget problems and would take time to begin earning revenue , going forward it would help keep many important programmes alive during future crisis for those who need them the most .
Americans ' attitudes toward legalisation may be changing , with recent polls suggesting over half now favour of the idea .
However , the problem is that these polls do not ask the most important people in Sacramento or Washington : the lobbyists .
Important interest groups are already downplaying the proposal as an attempt to introduce " yet another " intoxicant into society .
Moreover , federal law still prohibits even the growing of marijuana for medical purposes , let alone a comprehensive decriminalisation programme , despite calls by state legislators to harmonise federal law with states like California .
While exposure to federal criminal prosecution is less likely than at the state level , and President Barack Obama has in the past indicated a willingness to change federal policy on DEA raids , it nonetheless remains a serious obstacle to legalisation efforts at the state level .
But Ammiano is convinced that the Obama administration will soften its position , and that a conflict in laws could encourage a healthy dialogue by exploiting the " fuzziness " between federal and state law .
This venture would at a minimum reduce criminal liability for users , and in some cases the conflict of laws may serve as a defence that juries would consider in exercising their power of jury nullification .
There can be little doubt that Ammiano will face tough resistance in Sacramento from people who see no political advantage to legalising pot or forcing a dialogue with federal authorities .
However , this opposition is not insurmountable .
Indeed , many conservatives support legalisation based on libertarian principles of limited government .
Most people , when pressed on the issue with facts about prison overcrowding , law enforcement priorities and reducing the potency of the black market , are not as opposed to legalising pot as they might be to an issue like abortion .
People are receptive to having their minds changed , if only there were some real leadership on the issue .
Treating marijuana differently from other drugs actually makes sense from more perspectives than just the bottom line .
Marijuana has a lower rate of dependency than alcohol .
And in record numbers , Americans are ignoring laws that keep marijuana illegal .
The last time time Americans ignored a prohibition of an intoxicating substance , we created a huge black market that saw notorious figures like Al Capone emerge with the rise of organised crime .
For all the good intentions of the temperance movement , it failed on many levels .
Today , the revenues from black market drug sales are fuelling the Mexican drug cartels that are at war near our border .
Legalisation will greatly diminish sales of the drug from cartels , since few Americans would prefer to buy illegal pot when a legal alternative is readily available .
And yet , despite the shifting financial landscape and social attitudes , some refuse to even talk about legalisation and maintain their vigil in the war on drugs .
There is not a serious groundswell of support for the idea outside academic circles who are less bound by political realities such as appearing soft on crime .
Interests groups are as adept at defeating ballot initiatives as they are bills in the state legislature .
But with California 's finances a mess and Washington printing money at a rapid pace , the time for political games is at an end .
It 's easy to crack jokes and reduce the issue to cliches , but this is a bad idea that wastes money , fills prisons , forgoes revenue and fuels a black market .
At a certain point , it 's no longer the pot -heads who are being the most irresponsible .
It 's the politicians and interest groups who would rather cut programmes to disabled people than consider legalising and taxing marijuana .
Last week , a Siberian hydroelectric dam failed when an explosion rocked the site 's turbine room , killing dozens and taking 6,000 megawatts of electricity offline .
While the tragedy 's ultimate causes are unclear , Russian media has been questioning the state of the aging Soviet - made infrastructure .
Dams are getting older in the United States , too .
The average age of America 's 80,000 dams is 51 years .
More than 2,000 dams near population centers are in need of repair , according to statistics released this month by the Association of State Dam Safety Officials .
Last year , 140 dams were fixed , but inspectors discovered 368 more that need help .
That 's why the American Society of Civil Engineers gave our dams a grade of " D " in its 2009 report on the nation 's infrastructure .
There are just too many aging dams and too few safety inspectors .
" With the huge number of dams getting older every day , it 's becoming a bigger and bigger problem , " said Larry Roth , deputy executive director of the ASCE .
" The policing of maintenance and filing of inspection records is relatively haphazard , not because of lack of focus or knowledge of significance , but they just do n't have the monetary resources to do it . "
The Association of State Dam Safety Officials estimate that $ 16 billion would be needed to fix all high - hazard dams .
The total for all state dam - safety budgets is less than $ 60 million .
The current maintenance budget does n't match the scale of America 's long - term modifications of its watersheds .
While dams have been built in this country for a couple hundred years , the first half of the 20th century saw a building boom .
Large dams were built for hydroelectric power , smaller dams to provide water for industrial concerns or irrigation .
There was little state or Federal regulation , particularly of the little dams in small watersheds , until the 1970s , when five major dam failures took hundreds of lives and caused almost $ 1.5 billion in damage .
The Carter administration began to put safeguards in place , but the inspections continue to be carried out at the state level .
In some places , like California , that works pretty well , Roth said .
But other states have n't put much money toward dam safety , and Alabama has n't allocated any cash at all .
State dam inspectors have to look after an average of 160 structures .
Worse still , more people are moving into risky areas .
As the American population grows , dams that once could have failed without major repercussions are now upstream of cities and development .
That 's why the number of high - hazard dams has increased from less than 9,000 in 2001 to more than 10,000 now .
The Bureau of Reclamation , which manages a portfolio of more than 350 dams , has a team of close to 50 .
That 's the big reason the government - managed facilities are less of an issue .
" Most of the dams that are hydroelectric are generally well - inspected and well - maintained , " Roth said .
" It would be safe to say that most of our hydroelectric dams are safe in the U.S. "
The rigorous process that Reclamation requires catches problems .
Brian Becker , chief of the Dam Safety Office at the Bureau said they 've modified 70 dams to reduce their risk failure .
" If dams are properly operated and maintained , the useful life of a dam can be very long , " Becker said .
" There are dams that are centuries old . "
But not all dams will make that it that long .
Many privately owned dams are not receiving the proper attention to keep them from failing .
" They are not being maintained and they are getting older and the conditions around the dams are often changing , " Roth said .
In some cases , the owner of the dam is n't known .
The businesses that built most 75 - or 90 - year - old dams are long gone .
Without an owner of record , it 's hard to find someone to pay for necessary repairs .
Even if an owner can be found , they sometimes do n't have — or claim they do n't have — the money to fix the old earthenwork or concrete dams .
State officials are forced into a tough spot .
They can't afford to rebuild dams themselves , but they also can't afford to get rid of them either .
Removing a dam that 's been around for 50 years is n't easy , and it could actually negatively impact the flora and fauna that have adapted to the reservoir .
" Not only do you have to be very careful taking it down , but you could cause some serious environmental reversal , " Roth said .
" It 's a man- created environment but it becomes an environmental issue to alter it . "
So , we 're stuck with thousands of dams needing repairs and no money to make those repairs or get rid of them .
It 's probably only a matter of time before another disaster like the Kaloko dam failure in Hawaii in 2006 .
" That was just the worst - case scenario :
An owner who did n't understand his responsibility and did n't listen to the state regulators , and a state regulation system that was lacking in funds to enforce the code , " said Lori Spragens , executive director of the Association of State Dam Safety Officials .
" Then that dam failed and killed seven people . "
Not even the federal stimulus package directed any money to this particular set of shovel - ready projects .
By her organization 's count , Spragens said very little cash from the Recovery Act was going to repair the nation 's dams .
Combined with the deplorable state of the nation 's bridges , it goes to show that the Russians do n't have a monopoly on dysfunctional political systems that let a nation 's infrastructure crumble .
See Also :
Image : A busted gate in the Folsom Dam let water pour through in 1995 .
AP / Bob Galbraith .
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
( CNN ) --
If an e-mail popped up in your inbox promising a house for $ 100 , you 'd expect to see it sent from a guy in Nigeria asking you to wire him several thousand dollars first .
Zeb Smith lies on his front lawn and spends a quiet afternoon with his neighbors .
But this depressed housing market dream is real .
And Detroit , Michigan , artist Jon Brumit and his wife , Sarah , are living it .
The couple never counted on owning a home .
" It 's not that we have a little money , " Jon Brumit said , laughing .
" I 'm saying we have no money . "
But the couple began entertaining the idea of a permanent nest when their friends Mitch Cope and Gina Reichert , also artists , started taking advantage of foreclosures in the city , where the average home price dipped to $ 11,533 in April , according to the Detroit Association of Realtors .
Dragging down the average are homes that are long abandoned or foreclosed on that are selling for pennies on the dollar .
Detroit already had the lowest market value houses in Michigan before the latest rounds of job losses at GM and other huge employers , market analysts say .
" Those artists are doing a good thing ; they are at least helping to stabilize neighborhoods that would be all but lost , " said Mike Shedlock , an investment adviser who blogs frequently about Detroit 's economy .
For less than a few thousand dollars , Cope and Reichert snapped up a dilapidated bungalow in a north Detroit neighborhood called " BanglaTown , " for its unexpected mix of Bangladeshis , African - Americans , Polish and Ukrainians and the occasional shady character .
Scrappers had cleaned the house to the bone .
The copper had been stolen ; the electrical wiring was stripped .
But no matter .
Here was a chance for Cope and Reichert , who run a popular Detroit art store , to rehabilitate the 1920s brick house into a bastion of energy savings , with solar panels , LED lights , recycled wood and high - end insulated windows .
They 're installing a security system that exemplifies elegant efficiency with hurricane - proof windows and steel doors replacing burglar bars .
They are also experimenting with running their air - conditioning on a car battery .
The project became known as the Power House .
Cope and Reichert wanted to create a central place to power homes nearby and , in turn , revive a neighborhood 's sense of community .
The trick was getting their friends not only to cheer the concept but invest in it by moving next door .
" It was much easier than we thought it might be , " Cope said .
" We told everyone that Detroit is an interesting city to work in as an artist , and the neighborhood is diverse .
But , really , it came down to money . "
" I kept telling Mitch , ' Wow those are an awesome , ridiculously good deals but if you find anything that 's less , let me know , " Brumit said .
" Like , if something comes along for next to nothing , cool . "
A few weeks later , Cope e-mailed Brumit a photo of an abandoned home on his block .
Its windows were boarded up and plywood was nailed across the front door .
The huge hole in the roof was courtesy of the fire department .
A neighbor said the house had been set on fire -- twice .
Pricetag : $ 100 .
Brumit called a real estate agent with the Department of Housing and Urban Development , who confirmed that bids on the foreclosed property started at $ 95 for the property , $ 5 for the house .
There were no back taxes -- no one seemed to be sure who once owned the house , it had been empty for so long , Brumit said .
Cope , also a designer and builder , and an inspector did a walk - through .
" Inspection was fine and Mitch told me the foundation was good , " Brumit said .
" He just said , ' If you did n't mind scraping some peeling paint , doing some surface treatments , putting in new utilities , windows and repairing the roof ... this could be pretty interesting . ' "
Now , when he's not hauling loads of rubble away or knocking out walls to create a single , open studio space , Brumit 's searching Craigslist for a furnace .
In exchange for designing the business Web site of a local barn recycler , he 's getting materials to turn that hole in his roof into a skylight .
" I saw it as a project , " the artist said .
" I 'm a builder .
I 've been building skateboards since I was 12 . "
Skateboards are one thing .
Rebuilding homes where the plumbing has been ripped out or the cabinets destroyed in a fit by an upset foreclosed homeowner is another .
Michigan housing authorities acknowledge that there 's little incentive for people who are n't quite as handy as Brumit .
In two weeks , the state will begin offering $ 25,000 to anyone who buys a home , as long as they pay 1 percent of the total cost and live in it .
Landlords or speculators are n't eligible .
Part of a $ 263 million grant given to Michigan and other states under 2008 's Housing and Economic Recovery Act , the funds are intended to help buyers bring trashed properties up to code , according to Mary Townley , a director with the Michigan State Housing Development Authority .
She and other housing officials CNN spoke with said Michigan 's economy has some extremely frustrating woes .
A report from the nonprofit think tank Brookings Institution said Detroit had the lowest performing economy out of 100 U.S. cities it analyzed -- scoring the worst in unemployment and average wages , the highest foreclosure rates and the lowest market value homes .
The artists in BanglaTown are careful to say they are not looking to change a city .
Their goal is simply to improve a neighborhood , one house at a time .
New neighbors , freelance photographer Corine Vermeulen - Smith and her husband Zeb Smith , a designer , are always checking out www.freecycle.com, where a stainless steel kitchen sink can be bought for $ 65 .
The Smiths bought their 660 - square - foot home for $ 549.99 from Cope and Reichert , who originally purchased the foreclosed home for $ 500 .
" We knew the property , we knew it had been sitting there empty for at least a year , and it had been trashed , " Vermeulen - Smith said .
" But we wanted to own a home . "
All the copper in their " micro- home " had been ripped out , as well as every electrical outlet , Vermeulen - Smith said .
Trash had to be hauled out in several loads .
" You have to get over that fear that the house had that history , that you 're going to be a victim of a crime or something , " she said .
" Crime is everywhere .
My husband and I have lived in the city for a long time ; we know that people look out for each other here .
We do n't have that kind of fear . "
Careful not to entice thieves again , the Smiths replaced the copper with plastic .
They are considering taking the home completely off the grid by installing a mini- wind turbine , but for now they are happy to put in the basics .
A bathtub from Habitat for Humanity cost them $ 100 .
And Zeb Smith , who works at the Museum of Contemporary Art Detroit , brings home wood the museum would otherwise toss when installations close .
" This is , for us , very exciting to believe that we could totally reinvent a space , " she said , " and prove that having a home is n't about having money . "
All About Economic Crisis • Detroit • Real Estate Sales
British Telecom is putting off plans to partner with a web surveillance company called Phorm that spies on broadband subscribers to deliver more targeted ads , the Guardian reports .
Phorm installs traffic inspection devices inside an ISPs networks to track what users do online in order to create marketing profiles of them .
Those dossiers are then used to tailor ads that show up on partner 's websites .
Phorm pays ISPs a small sum per user , a tantalizing offer for companies whose key business metric is average revenue per user .
But Phorm 's technology is considered creepy by many and already Wikipedia and Amazon have told the company not to keep tabs on what users do on their sites .
A similar venture in the U.S. known as NebuAd was driven out of business last year after Congressman Ed Markey ( D - Mass . ) made ISPs reveal their secret tests of the system , which made the company radioactive to other ISPs .
But privacy concerns in the U.K. have not had quite the same effect .
BT got busted running a secret test on thousands of its customers , but still has n't forsworn the technology .
Meanwhile , Virgin and TalkTalk , the other two largest British ISPs , remain interested .
The battered Phorm is not quitting yet , according to the Guardian .
A spokesman for Phorm said BT 's decision was not the end of the world , not least because it has been expanding overseas and is now in talks with potential ISP partners in 15 other countries .
This year the company announced a trial of its technology with KT , South Korea 's largest ISP , and another overseas deal is expected to be announced shortly .
" It is not a great surprise to us , to be honest .
It has been a long process and we have never had a definitive date on a launch , " said a spokesman .
" Phorm is not just dependent on a UK model with one ISP . "
via BT drops
Phorm targeted ad service after customers cry foul over privacy | Business | The Guardian .
See Also :
Concurrency is a problem that faces all developers as we move to the age of ManyCore processor architectures .
Managing state is an important aspect of programming generally and for parallel programming especially .
The great Brian Beckman demonstrates three ways of labeling a binary tree with unique integer node numbers : ( 1 ) by hand , ( 2 ) non-monadically , but functionally , by threading an updating counter state variable through function arguments , and ( 3 ) monadically , by using a partially generalized state - monad implementation to handle the threading via composition .
Of course during this lesson from one of the masters of mathematical programming , we wind through various conversational contexts , but always stay true to the default topic in a stateful monadic way ( watch / listen to this piece to understand what this actually means This is another great conversation with astrophysicist and programming master Brian Beckman .
Brian is one of the true human treasures of Microsoft .
If you do n't get mondas , this is a great primer .
Even if you do n't care about monadic data types , this is worth your time , especially if you write code for a living .
This is part 1 of a 2 part series .
Included with this interview is a .zip file containing all of the code and diagrams Brian shows us ( including both Haskell and C# ) .
To understand the State Monad program , it may be best to start with Main , seeing how the various facilities are used , then backtrack through the code learning first the non-monadic tree labeler , starting with the function Label , then finally the monadic tree labeler , starting with the function MLabel .
Below , you will find several exercises for generalizing the constructions further .
Brian will monitor this thread so start your coding engines !!: generalize over the type of the state , from int$ 0 to , say , so that the SM type can handle any kind of $0 state object .
Start with Scp -->
Scp , from " label - content pair " to " state - content pair " . : go from labeling a tree to doing a constrained $0 container computation , as in WPF .
Give everything a $0 bounding box , and size subtrees to fit inside their$0 parents , recursively . : promote @return and @bind into an abstract $0 class " M " and make " SM " a subclass of that . : go from binary tree to n-ary tree . :
Abstract from n-ary tree to IEnumerable ; do everything in LINQ !
( Hint : SelectMany ) . :
Go look up monadic parser combinators and implement an elegant parser library on top of your new $0 state monad in LINQ . : Verify the Monad laws , either abstractly $0 ( pencil and paper ) , or mechnically , via a program , for the state monad . :
Design an interface for the operators @return and @bind and rewrite the state monad so that it implements this interface .
See if you can enforce the monad laws ( associativity of @bind , left identity of @return , right identity of @return ) in the interface implementation . :
Look up the List Monad and implement it so that it implements the same interface . : deconstruct this entire example by using destructive updates ( assignment ) in a discipline way that treats the entire CLR and heap memory as an " ambient monad . "
Identify the @return and @bind operators in this monad , implement them explicitly both as virtual methods and as interface methods .
Concerned about the long - term expense of owning a smartphone ?
You should be .
But we found that , among the most popular smartphones on the market today , there is n't a big difference in the total cost of ownership ( device , service contract , and so on ) over two years -- they all come in at around $ 3,800 .
If you 're looking for a less expensive smartphone , however , you might consider a lower - priced newcomer such as the Palm Pre or the HTC G1 , which end up costing hundreds less than the more popular BlackBerry and iPhone models at the end of two years .
We calculated the total for eight of the hottest smartphones on the market today , comparing the total cost of ownership for two years ( the normal term of a wireless service contract ) , as well as the ( amortized ) monthly cost .
For instance , you 'll pay a total of $ 3,835.75 in the first two years with your new iPhone 3GS ( 16GB ) , or about $ 160 per month ( and that 's excluding the monthly smorgasbord of taxes , fees , and surcharges you 'll pay , which vary from locale to locale ) .
For a lot of folks , the monthly smartphone bill can be as big as , say , a car payment .
On the other hand , Sprint is fighting for market share by offering the Palm Pre for a monthly cost of ownership of about $ 110 .
Similarly , you can own a T - Mobile HTC G1 for about $ 133 per month .
Click on the thumbnail to the left to view our chart containing a detailed comparison of the total cost of ownership for eight popular ( or soon - to - be popular ) smartphones .
The biggest - selling smartphones on the market , however , bear strikingly similar two - year cost - of - ownership figures .
The iPhone 3GS , the BlackBerry Curve from both AT&T and Verizon , the BlackBerry Storm and BlackBerry Tour from Verizon , and the Nokia E71 from AT&T each cost between $ 150 and $ 160 per month to own .
While the costs of the devices themselves vary , the unlimited voice , messaging , and wireless broadband rates for the six AT&T and Verizon smartphones in our study are exactly the same .
Why is that ?
In the words of Verizon Wireless spokesperson Ken Muche : " It 's a very competitive landscape . "
Wireless providers see an enormous amount of money to be made from selling high - profit - margin services such as wireless broadband and text messaging to smartphone users .
Analysts will tell you , for example , that the immensely popular iPhone has almost single - handedly buoyed AT&T 's wireless business for the past two years .
And , of course , Sprint , T - Mobile , and Verizon are fighting tooth and nail for every bit of that profit they can get .
Because of that profit potential , and the fact that first - time smartphone buyers are constantly and increasingly being lured into the market , competition among the devices and related services is intense .
Let 's just hope that , with the entrance of more competitively priced challengers like the Palm Pre and HTC G1 , the cost of ownership for smartphones in general will dip -- and that your smartphone bill will carry a little less sting at the end of the month .
PCWorld Editorial Intern Lauren Barnard provided research assistance for this article .
As published in the July issue of the Journal of Archaeological Science , paleoethnobotanist David Lentz of the University of Cincinnati has concluded that not only did the Maya people practice forest management , but when they abandoned their forest conservation practices it was to the detriment of the entire Maya culture .
“ From our research we have learned that the Maya were deliberately conserving forest resources , ” says David Lentz , a professor of biological sciences at the University of Cincinnati and executive director of the Cincinnati Center for Field Studies .
“ Their deliberate conservation practices can be observed in the wood they used for construction and this observation is reinforced by the pollen record . ”
The UC team is the first North American team allowed to work at the Tikal site core in northern Guatemala in more than 40 years .
The UC team is unique in other ways as well .
Whereas previous archaeological excavations reflected an interest in culture history , particularly of the elites , researchers ’ interests are different in the 21st century .
“ Forty years ago the emphasis was on what king built what palace , who slew whom and who is portrayed on what stelae .
It ’s all about the rulers and their exploits , ” says Lentz .
“ They did n’t look at the economy , agricultural practices , forest management or how the people and the culture functioned . ”
And what the UC team has learned by studying these processes is that the Maya , at least initially , were practicing good forestry management .
“ They were not allowed to cut down what we ’re calling the ‘ sacred groves , ’ ” says Lentz .
“ Then that changed during the Late Classic period with Jasaw Chan K’awiil — one of the greatest figures of prehistory .
The Tikal Maya had been beaten up and had fallen to second - rate status prior to his ascendancy .
Jasaw Chan K’awiil led an army to the heartland of a competing city , Calakmul , captured their ruler , bound him , brought him back and sacrificed him — and it totally reversed their fortunes in a very dramatic way . ”
After that , the Maya rebuilt the city of Tikal in a way never seen before .
They begin building huge temples that required considerable resources , especially large , straight trees whose wood could withstand the weight of tons of stone .
Their choices were limited to two types of trees only .
advertisement
“ So , unfortunately , Jasaw Chan K’awiil tapped into their sacred groves to do this , ” says Lentz .
The stands of virgin timber were more than 200 years old in some areas .
After building a few of the temples , the Maya ran out of timber from the Manilkara zapota ( sapodilla ) tree , so they switched to an inferior tree — Haematoxylon campechianum , logwood or inkwood — which is found in swamps .
“ Sapodilla is soft when you first cut it , so it can be carved into beautiful , intricate shapes .
Yet when it dries , it is as hard as iron , ” Lentz explains .
“ Logwood , on the other hand , is like iron to start with and stays that way . ”
Logwood often is very crooked and grows to much lesser heights — so the archways in the temples built with logwood were far less ornate .
Temples 1 through 4 are quite large , with temple 4 having the largest lintels , the beams over the doorways .
Temples 5 and 6 ( built in the middle — the temples are not numbered in order of construction ) are much smaller .
“ For the last temple ( temple 3 ) , they went back to sapodilla — why ? ” says Lentz .
“ Perhaps they had replanted after their sacred groves had been cleared of their timber .
After 40 years you get a tree big enough with which to build .
Also , at that point , things were beginning to go downhill for the Maya .
Perhaps they reasoned that the gods did n’t like the new style of temple and they needed to return to the construction style of earlier , and more prosperous , times . ”
So what led to the downfall of the Maya ?
Whether it was the gods ’ displeasure or not , the answer came from the heavens .
advertisement
“ When you clear all the forests , it changes the hydrologic cycle , ” says Lentz .
“ The world is like a flat surface with all the trees acting as sponges on it .
The trees absorb the water .
Without the trees , there is no buffer to stop the water from runoff .
That causes soil erosion , which then chokes the rivers and streams .
With no trees , you lose water retention in the soil or aquifers so the ground dries up and then there is less transpiration , so therefore less rainfall as well . ”
In addition to using the trees as timber , the Maya also burned the trees , adding carbon to the air in the form of carbon dioxide .
Trees remove carbon dioxide from the air and return oxygen in its place , thus cleaning and purifying the air .
“ Forests provide many benefits to society , ” says Lentz .
“ The Maya forests provided timber , fuel , food , fiber and medicine in addition to the ecosystem services of cleansing the air and water .
Just as forests provided essential resources for the ancient Maya , the same is true for our civilization today . ”
A UC research team , which will again include archaeologist Vern Scarborough and geographer Nick Dunning , will be returning to Tikal in February 2010 .
Some of the key questions that remain are how did the Maya control their water resources , when did the deforestation occur , what trees were used when , did the Maya plant large orchards and where were the sacred groves .
“ We ’re saying in the end they were unsuccessful , ” says Lentz .
“ But they kept it going for several hundreds of years — so they must have done some things right . ”
This research was funded by grants from WennerGren and National Science Foundation award # 0810118 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Public services in the US city of Chicago have been shut down for a day as the authorities face an expected budget shortfall of some $ 300 m ( £ 184 m ) .
Non-essential services such as rubbish collections , libraries and health centres were closed , in the first of three planned reduced service days .
City authorities hope the move , with workers taking an enforced unpaid holiday , will save an estimated $ 8.3 m .
Other cities in the US have already introduced similar measures .
The savings from Chicago 's reduced service days are small compared with the overall deficit .
But in a statement last week , Chicago 's Mayor Richard M Daley thanked state employees for their " sacrifice " .
" Every dollar we save from these measures helps to save jobs , and in the long - term , maintain service for Chicagoans , " he said .
" This plan engages most civilian employees to accept cuts and to be part of the solution to our budget crisis . "
Two more reduced service days have been scheduled - one for 27 November , the day after Thanksgiving and another for Christmas Eve , 24 December .
Workers have also been asked to take a series of unpaid days off and holidays without salary .
Chicago is one of a number of US cities and states to introduce closures and furlough days to address deficits .
In California , which has a budget deficit of some $ 24.3 bn ( £ 14.5 bn ) and has declared a fiscal emergency , state offices have been ordered to close for three days each month .
Michigan has said it will not pay its state employees on six days up to the end of September , to save nearly $ 22 m .
HAUNTED AMERICA TOURS is not responsible for the content of external internet sites
DISCLAIMER
By entering this hauntedamericatours.com - Haunted America
Tours web site , in exchange for use of this web site , you the user hereby agree to the following :
The content of this web site is for mature viewers only and may not be suitable for minors .
If you are a minor or it is illegal for you to view nudity or mature images and language , do not proceed .
This site is presented to you AS IS , with no warranty , express or implied .
By clicking " I Agree " and then viewing our site , you agree not to hold the webmaster and staff of this site hauntedamericatours.com - Haunted America
Tours liable for any damages from your use of these pages .
As a condition of using this site , you must fully read and understand , and comply with the rules of this site , which may be located by following the " Rules " link on the home page hauntedamericatours.com - Haunted America Tours .
Paranormal Ghost filled tales of voodoo - hoodoo and zombies , Bigfoot , El chupacabra , Banshee 's , witches , ghost hunting Cemeteries , the undead , the dead , Cryptids , Vampires , ghouls , Monsters , Ufo's , Haunted Locations , Haunted Buildings , People and objects , Paranormal Phenomena and strange Urban Legends perpetrate a type of folklore or " Fakelore , " endlessly circulated by word of mouth through generations , repeated in television news stories , Documentaries , Radio Talk shows , Newspapers , Blogs , magazine articles and distributed by e-mail .
hauntedamericatours.com is not responsible for the views or content expressed by individuals in their articles we post them as is , be warned some may contain adult theme language , video or images .
Yes they are even often found on many web sites such as this one .
Please be fore warned , that not everything you read is the truth !
This site is expressly for entertainment purposes only .
Disclaimer : Domain owner maintains no relationship with third party advertisers .
Reference to any specific service or trademark is not controlled by domain owner and does not constitute or imply its association , endorsement or recommendation .
And such is the Tales of all that is paranormal in the World .
DID YOU FIND WHAT YOUR SEARCHING FOR ?
IF NOT SEARCH OUR SITE AND LEARN MORE ABOUT THE MOST HAUNTED SCARIEST PLACES IN THE WORLD HERE .
Web Site
Please Visit And Shop For all your Paranomal Equipment And Needs Here Now !
Real Aliens , Space Beings , and Creatures from Other Worlds By Brad Steiger , Sherry Hansen Steiger
Taken from first - person accounts and historical documents , this book chronicles more than 300 examples of alien encounters , conspiracy theories , and the influence of extraterrestrials on human events throughout history .
Investigating claims of visits from otherworldly creatures , aliens living among us , abductions of humans to alien spacecraft , and accounts of interstellar cooperation since the UFO crash in Roswell , this discussion of the theories and mysteries surrounding aliens is packed with thought - provoking stories and shocking revelations of alien involvement in the lives of Earthling
BUY IT HERE NOW !
- video encodings still in process -
It ’s a segment from BBC TV’s Charlie Brooker ’s " Newswipe " show – which looks at the inner workings of the news media .
And , much to his international audience ’s likely surprise , Brooker has discovered the extremes of some of the US ’s most notable news sources .
MSNBC gets a little drive - by mention … but the main target of Brooker ’s delightful mocking is FOX News and its troika - of - morons .
When your friend has played too much World of Warcraft .
" The point is the control from here .
We have never had that in the White House .
And we have had some control but not this control .
I mean I 'm amazed , I 'm amazed at you people who call for openness and transparency and have controlled ... " veteran White House reporter Helen Thomas said Wednesday .
The whole idea of a town hall forum is for candid opinions and questions to arise , but they set up easy prescreened ﻿ questions , which gives a false generalization of the public consensus .
How to save the world - do n't have more than two children
British couples should have no more than two children to save the world from global warming , according to a green think tank .
Campaigners from the Optimum Population Trust said limiting family size was the ' simplest and biggest ' contribution people could make to saving the planet .
While Britain need not follow the example of China and ban large families , having more than two children should be frowned upon in the same way as using a patio heater or driving a gas guzzling car .
But critics said doctors and governments had no right to tell parents how many children to have - and that population control could lead to more problems than it solved .
Family of four :
The perfect number ?
The controversial call comes from Prof John Guilleband , emeritus professor of family planning at Imperial College London , and GP Dr Pippa Hayes .
The Optimum Population Trust was at the centre of a row in 2003 after suggesting the ideal population for the UK was 30 million - around half its current level .
Writing in the British Medical Journal , they called on family doctors to ' break their silence ' on the links between large families and climate change .
' Unplanned pregnancy , especially in teenagers , is a problem for the planet , as well as the individual concerned .
But what about planned pregnancies ? " they said .
' Should we now explain to UK couples who plan a family that stopping at two children , or at least having one less child than first intended , is the simplest and biggest contribution anyone can make to leaving a habitable planet for our grandchildren ? '
A child born in the UK will be responsible for 160 times more greenhouse emissions than a child born in Ethiopia , they said .
' We must not put pressure on people , but by providing information on the population and the environment , and appropriate contraception for everyone , and by their own example , doctors should help to bring family size into the arena of environmental ethics , analogous to avoiding patio heaters and high carbon cars , " they added .
In the UK which has the highest rate of teenage pregnancies in western Europe , population is officially projected to rise from 60.6 million to 77 million in 2050 - more than another two Londons .
A ' two child ' policy would reduce the figure to 55 million , they said .
The researchers warn with world population exceeding 6.7 billion , humans consumption of fossil fuels , fresh water , crops fish and forests is outstripping the planet 's biological capacity .
Countries such as Costa Rica , Sri Lanka and Thailand , have reduced their fertility rates by improving access to contraception and through education , they said .
Critics of population control say it fails to tackle the real threats to the environment .
And reducing Britain 's population could lead to huge social problems if there were not enough young people to pay for the care of the elderly .
Robert Whelan , of the Civitas think tank , said the way to tackle environmental problems was through eradicating poverty - not limiting population .
' These people think that they know how many children people should have .
But the only people who should make that decision are parents themselves , " he said .
' We have to treat with great suspicion any attempt to interfere with the choices of parents either in the third world or in the first world . '
Most mainstream green groups shy away from discussing overpopulation , believing the subject is too controversial .
The Optimum Population Trust 's supporters include actress Susan Hampshire and environmentalist Jonathan Porritt .
Its views echo those of Malthus - the 18th century economist who claimed population would rise more quickly than food production triggering mass starvations .
Until it was discredited by Nazism , population control in the first half of the 20th century was most closely associated with eugenics - the belief that ' undesirable ' qualities should removed from populations to improve future generations .
The rise of the green movement in the 1970s and 1980s led to a revival in calls for population control .
Since the Real ID
Act was passed by Congress four years ago , criticism of this legislation to increase the security of driver ’s licenses has arisen from many sources , including state governments , privacy groups and travel agents .
The federal law was passed as a response to 9/11 .
Its purpose was to prevent terrorists from easily obtaining false licenses , enabling them to set up bank accounts , rent living quarters and otherwise blend into American society unnoticed .
Although its intention was good , the Bush administration followed its usual pattern — quickly writing legislation and pushing it through a Republican - controlled Congress without thinking much about problems that could arise .
The National Governors Association has endorsed an alternative to Real ID that is backed by Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano .
She was governor of Arizona when that state , along with many others , protested Real ID as too expensive and unworkable from technical and privacy standpoints .
Such protests led the Bush administration to essentially punt by delaying implementation of the law until a new administration took office .
The Obama administration clearly supports the alternative , known as Pass ID , short for Providing for Additional Security in States ’ Identification Act .
Testifying this week before the Senate ’s Homeland Security Committee , Napolitano said , “ I urge this committee to mark up Pass ID promptly so it can be considered by both houses of Congress and signed into law this calendar year . ”
She assured the committee that Pass ID would be as secure as Real ID , with the difference that it has the strong support of state and federal law enforcement agencies and bipartisan support among state officials and members of Congress .
Additional benefits , she said , include lower costs , more flexible technical requirements for states and added privacy protections .
The extensive , bipartisan work that has gone into Pass ID is impressive .
Napolitano ’s hope that the bill will be passed this year should be taken seriously by Congress .
A national standard for issuing driver ’s licenses , one that has widespread support , would make this country more secure .
One thing that amazes me is how quickly children grow .
Our newest daughter is almost six weeks old , and she is growing much faster than our first daughter did .
We ’ve already retired her first set of clothes and we ’ve gone from preemie diapers to size 2 .
That is n’t really a problem , except that we bought a few extra packages of diapers in advance so we would n’t have to keep going back to the store to buy more .
( The cloth diapers we have are still a little large for her . )
How to Exchange Diapers without a Receipt
The good news is that almost all stores will exchange unopened packages of diapers for another size , even if you do n’t have a receipt for the purchase .
That ’s a great policy as children can unexpectedly outgrow diapers in a couple of days ( just like outgrowing baby clothes ! )
I ’m sure more than one sleep - deprived father grabbed the first package of diapers he saw at the 24 - hour mega mart , only to find out he bought the wrong size ( duct tape to the rescue ! ) .
The process is the same at most stores – just take the unopened package to the customer service desk , explain the situation , and ask them if you can exchange the diapers for a different size .
Most packages of diapers are similar in price , so you usually wo n’t have to worry about paying more or getting a refund or store credit .
While the diapers are usually priced similarly , they often have a different number of diapers in each package .
The smaller diapers usually have more per package , and the larger diapers usually have fewer in each package .
My guess is this is due to size and the amount of material used in the diapers .
And hopefully , your child wo n’t use as many diapers as he or she gets older !
Think Twice Before Buying Diapers in Bulk !
Buying in bulk can be a great way to save money , and baby diapers are no exception .
We tried to use cloth diapers most of the time , but those are n’t as convenient for travel and certain other times .
So we would buy disposable diapers in bulk to save money for the times we needed them .
But you want to be careful buying in bulk , just in case your baby outgrows their diapers – you do n’t want to be left with half a package of diapers you ca n’t use !
Buying in bulk does n’t save money if you ca n’t use everything !
I recommend buying in bulk right after a baby changes diaper sizes – that way you are more likely to be able to use the entire package if disposable diapers before your baby outgrows them .
You might want to reconsider buying in bulk if you notice your child entering a growth spurt .
You do n’t want to be left with a large number of diapers that are too small !
What to Do with Extra Diapers
It ’s not the end of the world if you have some leftover diapers that no longer fit .
As noted above , most stores will only exchange full packages of diapers .
If your child outgrew his or her diapers and you have a partial pack and ca n’t exchange them , then you still have a few good uses for them :
Give them to friends or family who have a child , or who are expecting
Bring them to your church ( most churches have a nursery , and extra diapers are always welcome ! )
Give them to your local daycare
Donate them to a women ’s center or shelter
Use them in the garage to clean up oil spills or other messes
If you donate the diapers , it ’s helpful to either leave them in the original package or somehow label them with the size , if it is n’t printed on the outside of the diaper .
If you no longer have the original package , place them in a large ziplock - style back and clearly label it with the diaper size .
You can also donate opened packages of diaper wipes , as those are always in need .
Check with the organization before donating other items , as some items may or may not be needed , or there may be restrictions on the types of items they are allowed to accept .
Should You Switch to Cloth Diapers ?
My wife and I discussed cloth and disposable diapers before we had our first child .
We were both intrigued by the idea of using cloth diapers for several reasons – possible cost savings , better for the environment , better for our child , and the convenience of not having to run to the store a couple of times per week .
Of course , we had our doubts as well .
How much would they cost ?
Would they leak ?
How much of a pain would it be to do laundry ?
etc .
So we did what we do for any other major purchase / decision .
We researched it and talked to people we knew who had used cloth diapers .
Let me tell you the first thing we found out :
The cloth diapers manufactured today are not the kind of cloth diapers that were available when we were raised !
We were concerned about having to fold the diapers around a squirming baby and fastening them with pins ( not a fun sounding proposition ) .
But cloth diapers made now may have many features that were n’t around just a few decades ago , they may have liners , plastic coverings , Velcro or button fasteners or a host of other features .
In short , we were intrigued .
Benefits of using cloth diapers
Cloth diapers have the obvious advantage of being reusable .
That is a great benefit for the environment and saves you the hassle of going to the store in the middle of the night ( though it does n’t save you from the hassle of washing them , but more on that later ) .
Cloth diapers can also be better for the baby because some disposable diapers have plastics or other chemicals which can irritate a baby ’s sensitive skin .
Finally , cloth diapers are adjustable and can be worn through several size ranges .
Something we discussed above when talking about returning extra diapers .
See cloth diaper prices on Amazon >>
The durability of cloth diapers
Cloth diapers can be used dozens if not hundreds of times before they wear out .
Our friends have used their set of cloth diapers through three children and they are still holding up fine .
And durability leads directly to long term cost savings .
Obviously using them for three children will more than cover the cost of the diapers , but they should pay for themselves relatively quickly even if you only have one child .
How much do cloth diapers cost ?
Prices for cloth diapers vary , from a couple of dollars each to more than $ 15 each .
But the quality and features also vary .
We currently use a one - size - fits - all model made by BumGenius , but you can find many great brands on Amazon or other outlets .
We also tried a couple of other brands but preferred the BumGenius brand ( some companies will send you a free or discounted sample to try ) .
The beauty of cloth diapers is that while the upfront cost is much higher , the ongoing cost is much lower .
Once you purchase them you are only paying for laundry detergent and the energy to wash / dry them .
[ Note : I ’ve also known people who have passed along cloth diapers to other family members or bought / sold them on Craigslist , both of which could be a cheaper option if you are willing to do either ] .
The cost of disposable diapers
Contrast that to disposable diapers , which must be purchased for each use ( raise your hand if you ’ve ever used 3 diapers to complete one change because your baby decided that diaper changing time meant going time ) .
Prices for disposable diapers also vary , ranging anywhere from roughly $.10 each to over $ .30 each .
Babies will use anywhere from 6 - 10 diapers per day , putting your average cost at roughly $ .60 - $ 3.00 per day , or about $ 20 to $ 90 per month ( depending on brand and number of diapers used ) .
Figure roughly 2 years or more of diapers and you are looking at $ 480 – $ 1800 literally thrown away .
Which is cheaper – cloth or disposable
Again , the upfront costs of cloth diapers are high enough to scare many people away .
$ 17 for a diaper ?!
Get out of here – I ’ll buy a pack of 80 Huggies Ultra Elite Super Stopper Biodegradable disposables with a pretty print pattern , thank you very much .
And you ’ll buy another pack next week .
And another the week after that … and guess what , it ’s 10 pm and you just used your last diaper .
Off to the grocery store you go .
Or , you can use this diaper calculator from DiaperPin.com and run some numbers .
Enter the per unit cloth diaper cost , how many you will purchase , and the cost of your preferred brand of disposable diapers .
Run the calculator and it will return how long it will take to recoup your initial expense , then show you cost savings over the following months .
In most cases , it should take only a couple months before you come out ahead and you should save well into the hundreds of dollars by the time you anticipate no longer needing diapers ( this may not ring true if you pay for a diaper cleaning service ) .
Tip : if you are still concerned about cost , then be sure to add them to your baby registry for your baby shower .
Washing and caring for cloth diapers
OK , I know what you ’re thinking …
Cloth ?
Gross !
Sure .
But no more than any other diapers .
The key is to deal with them quickly and not to let them pile up .
There are several diapers bins designed specifically for cloth diapers , or you can just rinse them out immediately after use , hang them to dry over the side of the tub , then wash them in a batch of other diapers .
Use a double rinse cycle if it makes you feel better , then dry them in your clothes dryer or hang them to dry .
It ’s not too much of a hassle , really .
( tip : fasten the velcro on each diaper before washing – it will make washing / drying much easier ! ) .
More info about caring for cloth diapers .
Which diapers are better – cloth or disposable ?
After 6 months of parenting , I can tell you this : Cloth diapers are great .
We have only had one or two instances of leakage , which is about the same as what we have had with disposables .
But we do n’t use them exclusively .
We typically use cloth diapers throughout the day , then use disposables at night , and anytime we plan on being away from the house for an extended period of time – especially overnight trips .
We have no desire to carry dirty diapers with us , and asking friends or relatives to use their washing machine to wash dirty diapers probably is n’t the most polite thing in the world .
Which is better ?
I think they are both great and I encourage you to try cloth if you have young children .
The cost and environmental benefits will make it worth your while .
Then use disposable diapers for what they were intended for : a convenience .
The ESRB has once again leaked details for upcoming as yet unannounced titles .
This time , the ESRB has let information trickle out for two games , both titled Star Wars Battlefront : Elite Squadron , one is for the Nintendo DS and the other for the PSP , Kotaku reports .
( CNN ) -- A Saudi Arabian man was arrested after bragging about his sex life on television , local media reported .
Mazen Abdul Jawad appeared last week on a show on Lebanese channel LBC , where he went into " graphic details about his sexual conquests , " according to Arab News , an English daily .
A segment of the show " Red Line " posted on YouTube shows the 32 - year - old talking about sex and foreplay .
He also discusses losing his virginity to a neighbor while he was 14 .
In deeply conservative Saudi Arabia , pre-marital sex is illegal and unrelated men and women are not allowed to mingle .
A government official told the newspaper that discussing sex in public is a punishable offense that may affect anyone involved in the broadcast .
" It is wrong to host people on television to speak publicly about vice and issues against our religion , " said Ahmad Qasim Al - Ghamdi , director of Mecca 's branch of the Commission for the Promotion of Virtue and Prevention of Vice , also known as the religious police .
" The program presents anomalies and deviancy in society that are unacceptable and immoral , and should be punished according to Shariah . "
About 100 people have filed a complaint against Abdul Jawad , alleging among other things , that he violated a principle of Shariah law by " publicizing his sinful behavior , " the daily said .
It is unclear what punishment , if any , Abdul Jawad faces .
CNN has been unable to reach Abdul Jawad or the Saudi Ministry of Justice for comment .
All About Saudi Arabia
If there is one thing that most people do not put more focus on is gutter cleaning .
Most homeowners concentrate on other tasks and forego the gutters thinking that they are not very important .
However , it is essential to ensure that your gutters are cleaned regularly to avoid water damage that might arise in your property .
You might lack the time or the skills required to clean the gutters ; therefore you need to hire a professional gutter cleaner to help you in the process .
Here are the benefits involved in working with a professional cleaner for your gutter cleaning task .
Perform the cleaning quickly
One of the most significant benefits you get by working with a professional cleaner for your gutter cleaning is that they perform the job fast than you can think .
They can help you do thorough cleaning within a few hours and ensure that your gutters are free of debris , dust , leave or twigs .
With this high - level efficiency , you can always be sure that no damage will occur because the job will be done correctly .
Have the right cleaning tools
There are different tools needed to clean gutters .
Some of these equipment might be expensive for you to buy or you may lack the right skill on how to use them accordingly .
Working with professionals gives you a great opportunity because they have all the tools needed to do a good cleaning job .
You do not incur the expenses for buying these tools , so you also save money in the long run .
Cost - effective
You might decide to do the cleaning by yourself thinking that you are saving money in the process as you save the cost involved in hiring a professional .
However , you might end up realising that it is a costly affair to do the job by yourself .
The professional can do a thorough cleaning that ensures that no damage occurs to your home , so you will save in terms of costly repairs and replacements you might be forced to do regularly when damages occur .
The cost - effectiveness of working with a professional cleaner also comes in because you do not have to buy the cleaning tools and agents involved in the process because the experts come equipped with everything .
Liability insurance cover
When doing the gutter cleaning job , there are certain risks involved in the entire process .
The great thing is that the gutter cleaning experts have a liability insurance cover that ensures that you are fully protected in case some liabilities arise in the process .
This gives you peace of mind knowing that you will not pay extra payment beyond what you agree on the contract .
Some of the risks you get protected against include injuries or further damages to your property .
Receive other services
Gutter
Wiz experts do not only provide cleaning services .
They can also help you do the necessary gutter repairs , maintenance and others that ensures that your gutters are in perfect condition and fully functional at all times .
( This means running with a flawed premise : that the Republicans who left their party and became independents are equally likely to question Obama 's citizenship as all other independents .
It also ignores the notion that party affiliations are more fluid than 21 percent of Republicans simply bolting for independence , as a chunk -- without some becoming Democrats , and without the GOP picking up some new members as those left . )
According to a mathematical expansion on today 's pool of GOP respondents , the 2006 results among Republicans on the question " Do you believe Barack Obama was born in the United States of America or not ? " would have gone as follows :
R2000 results educated guess at 2006 results
Yes 42 % 51 %
No 28 % 24 %
Not sure 30 % 25 %
More than half would have said Obama was born in the U.S ... but the coalition of doubters would still be strong , even with the old members of the GOP base counted in .
( Maybe we should assume that former Republicans are more likely to question Obama 's birthplace than the rest of the independent field , and intentionally skew the independent effect here ; maybe not . )
Since today 's poll made such a splash , it 'll be interesting to see if anyone else polls on the same question , both to see if Research 2000 's results were a fluke , and to see how the birther " dialogue " is going -- whether suspicions of foreignness have subsided .
Major polling firms could , conceivably , include birtherism with other current - events questions in weekly surveys .
The established media is wholly against the essence of these citizenship doubts , and respected journalists freely refer to birtherism as racist .
But , at the same time , everyone 's rubber - necking .
42 percent of Republicans seems so low -- can it be right ?
Maybe a poll on this issue only fosters birtherism , in the same fashion that Conor Clarke has suggested polls can do with all public matters .
Maybe we can track birtheristic sentiment along with Obama 's favorability and approval as his presidency goes on ... Do you like President Obama ?
Do you approve of his job as president ?
Do you think he was born here ?... at that point , things will have truly gone weird .
Whether more news happens around birtherism will depend on how weird we 're all willing to get .
* Given the 28 percent ID in 2006 , and the 22 percent ID today , we can conclude that a proportioned GOP sample size would be 670 , not 527 , by multiplying the 527 sample size by 28/22 ( the percent change in the size of the GOP 's base ) .
143 of which would be independents .
From those numbers , we can derive weights for the GOP and independent percentage results in today 's poll -- weighting the independents at .2134 and the current - day Republicans at .7866 -- and can produce percentages for a purported 2006 survey .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
My blog about my baby daughter .
My experienced about parenting .
Baby trivia , products , facts and more .
The officials who spoke of the prospect of a temporary freeze said the issue was explosive in Israel , so they were not prepared to have their names publicly associated with the idea at this stage .
But they spoke with clear authority .
They calculated that about 2,000 buildings were going up in West Bank settlements now and said that they would be completed under their proposal , but nothing new would start .
They also said that if broader peace efforts came to naught , the building would start up again .
Mr. Barak himself declined to address the question of a temporary freeze in a conversation on Sunday with The New York Times , saying only that settlements should be viewed as one issue in a larger framework needed to create a Middle East peace .
“ For us , it is very important that the Palestinians commit to seeking an end to the conflict and a finality of any claims , ” he said .
“ We should not isolate this issue of settlements and make it the most important one .
It has to be discussed in the context of a larger peace discussion . ”
He added , “ Many Israelis fear that what Palestinians want is not two states but two stages , ” meaning an end to Israel in phases .
He also said that by focusing solely on settlement building and not on what the Arab countries should also be doing for peace , Israel felt that it was being driven to its knees and delivered to the other side rather than asked to join a shared effort .
Israel , he said , was eager for a regional agreement that would lead to a state for the Palestinians and security for Israel .
After bitter wrangling , Africa 's leaders agreed to denounce the International Criminal Court and refuse to extradite Sudan 's President Omar al - Bashir , who has been indicted for crimes against humanity in Darfur .
Friday 's decision at the African Union summit says AU members " shall not cooperate " with the court in The Hague " in the arrest and transfer of President Omar al - Bashir of the Sudan to the ICC . "
Sudan welcomed the move , and other Africans said it was a signal to the West that it should n't impose its ways on Africa .
A human rights group said the decision was a gift to a dictator .
The 13th AU summit of heads of state , which concluded Friday in Sirte , Libya , also " expresses its preoccupation about the behavior of the ICC prosecutor " Luis Moreno Ocampo , whom African officials describe as too hard on Africans .
The ICC has launched investigations into four cases since it was created seven years ago - all of them in Africa .
Sudan rejoiced at the AU 's rebuttal of the ICC .
" It 's the confirmation of what we always said :
The indictment is a political thing , not a legal thing , " Foreign Minister El Samany El Wasila said just after the decision was made public .
El Wasila declined to comment on whether al - Bashir would now feel free to travel to the 30 African countries that are party to the ICC .
" We do n't even want to think about it anymore , " he said of the international court .
Some AU leaders said there was strong opposition to the summit 's decision .
Benin Foreign Minister Jean - Marie Ehouzou said that Sudan 's neighbor and antagonist , Chad , objected to the wording .
Heads of state at AU summits reach their decisions behind closed doors and by consensus , not vote , and it was not clear how the new measure was approved .
" Consensus usually means unanimity , but in this case there was some dissent , " said Ehouzou , stating objections by Chad or others would likely be added as caveats at a later date in the final summit declaration .
Prime Minister Bernard Makuza of Rwanda conceded the resolution had been " a hot spot " in the leaders ' three - day summit , but that countries finally approved the Libyan - led decision because they do n't feel fairly treated by the ICC .
" We 're not promoting impunity , but we 're saying that Westerners who do n't understand anything about Africa should stop trying to import their solutions , " Makuza told the AP on the sidelines of the summit .
He and other leaders say the ICC indictment threatens Sudan 's fragile peace process and could create a power vacuum in the country .
The declaration was viewed nonetheless as a powerful blow to prosecuting African officials for atrocities committed on the continent .
The warrant against al - Bashir was issued in March on charges of masterminding violence that led to the death of some 300,000 people in Darfur since 2003 .
Reed Brody , a spokesman for Human Rights Watch , said the declaration contradicts the obligations of countries party to the ICC and " basically orders them to flout their legal obligations . "
This article provides an in - depth look at the major tricks and techniques for gaining Twitter followers .
These include organic ( i.e. legitimate ) growth , paid services , and shortcut “ tricks ” used by the most - followed nobodies on Twitter .
We provide detailed , data - driven conclusions about the effectiveness of each technique and its real cost to the end user .
The impact of follower acquisition campaigns are heavily interconnected ( as shown in the chart below ) , but we make an effort isolate the effects of each in a fair way .
A more detailed explanation of this chart is provided in the “ Preparation ” section below
If you enjoy this article , please be sure to follow us @RJMetrics to stay informed about future updates and our powerful business intelligence dashboard software .
Why Should We Care ?
I ’ll admit it : I ’ve done my fair share of Twitter - bashing .
Spending a few years in late - stage venture capital has made me pretty closed - minded about any company that raises mountains of cash but makes less money than a twelve year - old with a paper route .
For better or worse , however , Twitter followers have become a proxy for influence in the digital world .
Unfortunately , the big problem with relying on this particular proxy for popularity is that it can be faked .
Easily .
Even worse , placing emphasis on this particular metric encourages fakers .
Yes , the guy with 30,000 followers might have accumulated them deceptively , meaning there is a risk that he is secretly a huge loser .
But , the undeniable loser is that guy with only 30 followers .
After all , nobody fakes unpopularity !
So , just how easy is it to rack up a huge base of followers ?
I decided to identify and test out every method I could find for accumulating followers quickly .
My end goal was to accumulate a master list of follower acquisition methods , their effectiveness , and the time and / or monetary costs involved .
Types of Followers
Before we begin , I want to define two important terms that I will use frequently : FreeFollowers ( users who follow you without you following them back ) and ReFollowers ( users who are only follwing you because you followed them ) .
As you might be able to guess ( and as we will quantify later ) ReFollowers are much easier to acquire than FreeFollowers because they ’re getting some reciprocal value ( another follower ) out of the relationship regardless of your tweet quality .
FreeFollowers , however , actually have to want to follow you because of who you are or what you say .
Whether or not you choose to take the easy road and go after ReFollowers should depend on your goals .
If all you care about is a large number of followers and you ’re less concerned with follower loyalty or the quality of your Twitter experience , ReFollowers may be your answer .
However , if you do care about these things , I would avoid mass ReFollower acquisition for two reasons :
The key functionality of Twitter will be impaired because your stream of updates will be extremely cluttered , making it difficult to actually “ follow ” anybody .
You ’ll never realistically be able to discover new and interesting users because of the overwhelming amount of disjointed information in your update stream .
Many of your followers will also be ReFollow junkies .
This means that they will suffer from the same cluttered update stream as you , diminishing your actual “ reach ” ( the average number of followers who actually read any given Tweet you send ) .
As a general rule , I like to assess the true popularity of a Twitter user by subtracting the number of people they follow from the number of people following them .
If you look at the users with over 25 k followers , you ’ll find that many of them have a negative or very low value when you do this calculation .
These people are using ReFollow tricks , the easiest method for artificially inflating their numbers ( explained later ) .
Obviously , these users are gaming the system and provide more noise than signal in the Twitter universe .
If you find yourself becoming one , make sure you ’re OK with the implications .
Preparation
It ’s time to start gaining followers !
To give us a clean slate and avoid the risk of losing my account if things get too shady , I created a completely new Twitter account for this experiment .
It ’s owned by my alter ego , R.J. Moore .
Before we start , one disclaimer : some of these techniques might get our account banned from Twitter if we use them irresponsibly .
The following reasons for a banned account have allegedly been provided by Twitter support .
Keep them in mind as you build your follower growth plan :
You ’ve followed a large number of people in a short amount of time
There is a small number of followers compared to number of people you ’re following
The updates consist mainly of links and not personal updates
A large number of users blocking the profile and writing in with spam complaints
The following steps are designed to decrease our chances of getting banned and increase our “ follower conversion rate , ” which is simply the percentage chance that someone who sees our username ends up following us .
We do this first so that our later attempts at gaining followers all get a fair shake .
Step 1 : The Kevin Rose Basics
I like Kevin Rose , and not just because he ’s a fan of my previous work .
If you search Google for tips on how to gain followers , his guest post on TechCrunch will probably be one of the top results .
The post lists a lot of good ( however obvious ) ways to gain followers : fill out your bio , tweet about stuff people care about , self - promote your twitter page , stay on top of your stats , etc .
I agree with all of this logic , so we ’ll take some time to upload a photo and build a custom page layout for our new account .
Putting time into these basic techniques helps demonstrate that we ’re not a spam account , which has a drastic impact on someone ’s likelihood of following us .
Cost : 30 minutes
Step 2 : Create a Content Base Coat
We are n’t going to get FreeFollowers unless they care about our tweets .
And they ca n’t care about what we tweet if we have n’t tweeted anything .
In order to start things off right , I sent out a half - dozen tweets that I hoped would be of interest to our target follower base .
They were timely and relevant , but more importantly , they suggested that more interesting tweets would follow .
Cost : 15 minutes
Step 3 : Create a “ Following ” Base Coat
Next , we need to follow some people .
I used Twitter ’s “ Suggested Users ” feature to find a handful of interesting candidates .
Following a small number of people ( 20 to 40 ) when we ’re getting started shows that we ’re engaged with the service and less likely to fade away like many new users do .
This makes us a more viable “ follow ” in the eyes of a more selective user .
Total Cost : 10 minutes
Step 4 : Create a “ Follower ” Base Coat
Next , we ’ll go out and get our first followers .
The logic is simple : the likelihood of someone following us increases with the number of people already following us :
With less than a “ base coat ” of followers , we have no clout and this hurts our conversion rate .
As the base coat is built , we receive a conversion rate bump based on the increased confidence that we are not a spam account .
For the next several thousand followers , there is a small marginal benefit of a new follower .
After we have reached a “ large number ” of followers ( 10,000 + ) , we are perceived as a “ celebrity ” by the average user and our conversion rate experiences another steep increase period due to our perceived fame .
This concept is demonstrated in the utterly imprecise and unscientific chart below :
Note the logarithmic scale on the x-axis .
This means that our first followers provide the greatest marginal benefit .
As such , we should pick up as many followers as we can from our friends and existing contacts before going after strangers .
I put in my Gmail account information and detected which of my existing contacts were already on Twitter .
I followed them all and most of them followed me back , providing a base coat of a few dozen legitimate followers .
Total Cost : 30 minutes
Execution
Now that our account is optimized for converting potential followers , it ’s time to actually attract them .
Method 1 : Topical Tweets
We ’ll start with a very basic technique : saying things of interest to a large population of people .
The goal here is to attract FreeFollowers ( followers who we are not following us back ) .
Sites like hashtags.org list trending topics on Twitter ( as does Twitter itself ) .
These topics are typically identified by hashtags ( words preceded by a “ # ” sign ) .
Messages that include the most popular hashtags are both heavily tweeted and heavily searched .
We sent out 100 tweets , each with a statement related to one of the top few hundred hashtags ( and including that hashtag ) .
Our goal was to be seen by people who were n’t following us and convert them into followers .
It ’s important that we tried out this method first , because it carries the risk of annoying our existing follower base .
Sending 100
Tweets inside of two hours is going to annoyingly dominate our existing followers ’
Twitter update streams , and this increases the risk that they will unfollow us .
We sent out 100 tweets using about 180 minutes of manpower .
( Thanks to our interns Cheryl and Mario for helping with this ! )
These are n’t necessarily easy tweets to send since each requires some kind of clever message and an understanding of what the hashtagmeans .
In the end , we added 15 followers from this initiative .
Cost Per FreeFollower : 12 minutes
Method 2 : Direct Interaction
This is a similar technique , only instead of targeting the general public we target prospective followers directly .
We search the same popular topics and respond to those users who are making comments .
Our goal is to have them to follow us after the interaction ( even though we have n’t followed them ) .
Here again , we are targeting FreeFollowers .
Note that tweets starting with another user ’s name do n’t appear in your followers ’ update streams .
This means that you can respond to hundreds of tweets in a short time without annoying your existing followers .
These messages were easier to write than the previous ones , since they are mainly gut reactions to other people ’s comments .
Our team was able to send out 100 tweets in about 120 minutes , and we acquired 18 followers in the process .
This was a hands - down better technique than Method 1 since it did n’t annoy our existing base and had a meaningfully lower average cost .
Cost Per FreeFollower : 7 minutes
Method 3 : Celebrity Mentions
This is a bit of a high - risk , high - reward technique .
If someone on Twitter with a large number of followers were to mention our username , it ’s quite likely that some subset of their followers would check us out , and hopefully some subset of those would convert into followers .
I used the Twitter directory service WeFollow to find some good targets .
I stayed away from the behemoths ( Ashton Kutcher , Oprah , etc ) and instead opted for any users with 25 - 100 k followers .
I was able to do 50 tweets in about an hour .
Here are the responses I got :
Carson Daly ( 32 k followers , I complimented his terrible TV show )
Cuban Singer / Songwriter Jon Secada ( 96 k followers , I asked what ’s next )
Publisher Charles Yao ( 55 k followers , asked him about Digg )
Startup Advisor Martin Zwilling ( 69 k followers , asked him about Digg )
I ended up adding 6 followers as a result of these efforts , although I ’ve got to imagine the volatility of a method like this is pretty high .
If you had a reliable method for engaging celebrities , it could really pay off ( although it ’s probably not too scalable ) .
Cost Per FreeFollower : 10 minutes
Method 4 : Purchase Users via Display Advertising ( FeaturedUsers.com )
FeaturedUsers.com is the advertising engine used by a number of Twitter - related websites .
You simply purchase inventory from them and an ad for your Twitter profile shows up on sites in their network .
The ads pull your bio directly from Twitter and ca n’t be otherwise customized .
They look like this :
The CPM ( cost per 1,000 impressions ) was a flat $ 10 .
I laid down a cool Hamilton so you do n’t have to .
After using up about 300 of my impressions , FeaturedUsers informed me that my clickthrough rate of 0.617 % was below their network average of 0.837 % .
They offered the following tips for improving it :
High quality headshots tend to perform better than brand logos .
Including the phrase “ If you follow me , then I will follow you ” in your bio seems to help .
But only include that phrase if you mean it .
Original and odd Twitter bios tend to perform better than a bio that simply lists what you do or have done .
Women ’s profiles tend to fair better than men ’s profiles in CTRs .
Have a look at the top CTR performers and see what qualities their Twitter profile has that yours might be lacking .
The second bullet point is asking a lot ( making you buy ReFollowers instead of FreeFollowers ) , but otherwise the information was helpful .
I checked out the top performers and made a few modifications to help boost my clickthrough rate :
My conversion rate immediately doubled to around 1.2 % and I was listed on the “ top converting ads ” page for the remainder of my campaign .
When my inventory was all used up , I had generated 12 clicks , and the site provided these charts :
The 12 clicks led to 10 new followers , yielding a $ 1.00 cost per FreeFollower .
Cost Per FreeFollower : $ 1.00
Method 5 : Purchase Users via Paid Tweets ( Magpie )
Magpie is an advertising system for Twitter where you basically pay people to tweet your ad to their followers .
You create a 130 - word ad , agree to a maximum CPM and then it ’s bombs away .
The system is super - easy , but two things struck me as odd .
First of all , their CPM system seems to be bid - based in that you name a maximum CPM that you ’re willing to pay .
The traffic estimates imply that the minimum CPM you ’ll ever pay is $ 3 , but you ’re forced to choose a maximum anywhere from $ 10 to $ 30 depending on your keywords .
This seems like a massive spread for ads that do n’t have a “ placement ” factor like , say , Google Ads .
These ads either run or they do n’t , so what does the higher bidder win ?
I assume it ’s to determine who gets the tweet if there is a shortage of inventory , but I ’ve got to imagine there ’s no shortage .
After all , unlike in most display advertising , generating more inventory does n’t necessarily require more followers .
It just requires that you send more tweets .
The second thing that struck me was how high these maximum CPMs are .
My $ 10 bid ( the lowest it would allow ) means that I ’m paying up to $ 10 for every 1,000 followers of the person who tweets my ad .
Since not every follower necessarily sees every tweet , the real “ cost per impression ” is probably much higher than $ 10 , particularly if the tweeter has a low - quality follower base .
If you disagree , consider this : a $ 10 CPM implies that Ashton Kutcher , who has 2.7 Million followers and averages 16 tweets per day , creates $ 157 Million of prospective advertising inventory a year .
Right .
Anyway , I bit the bullet and created a tweet to be sent out by people involved in “ business ” and “ entrepreneurship . ”
I bid a $ 10 CPM , put the minimum $ 20 into my account and crossed my fingers .
Magpie made me wait 3 days after paying them to approve and run my ad , which was frustrating ( apparently they do n’t work on the weekends ) .
After the ad was approved , my entire budget was consumed on this single tweet :
The poster had 2,628 followers at the time of the tweet ( which was 4 PM on a Tuesday ) and it cost me $ 19.09 , meaning I was charged a $ 7.26 CPM .
In the remainder of the day ( enough time for a tweet to fade into the oblivion ) , the link received 15 clicks ( a 0.57 % click - through rate ) , but yielded only two followers .
This means I paid a whopping $ 14.55 per FreeFollower .
In Magpie ’s defense , I ’m sure that responses vary heavily from tweet to tweet , and I am working with an admittedly small sample size .
However , it ’s undeniable that the clickthrough rate is quite low and the click - to - conversion rate is even lower .
Cost Per FreeFollower : $ 14.55
Method 6 : Purchase Users via ReFollow Services
There are a number of businesses that will outright sell you followers .
If you Google “ get Twitter followers , ” look at the ads , and find the ones that seem the most shady , those are the services I ’m talking about here .
Below I list a representative subset of these businesses and the costs of their baseline packages :
uSocial : 9 cents per follower
Twitter Promoter : 10 cents per follower
Twitboost : 10 cents per follower
Get More Twitter Followers : 9 cents per follower
Few of these sites actually tell you how they do it , but “ Get More Twitter Followers ” is kind enough to offer a pretty transparent explanation of what ’s going on :
“ This service works by adding quality targeted followers over time by following people first , then waiting for a reciprocal follow back , then after a grace period , purging the non returning followers and repeating the process until we reach your purchased follower amount . ”
In other words , these services sell you ReFollowersexclusively .
As explained above , we know the pitfalls of a ReFollow - based strategy .
With this new data , however , we are now able to quantify the cost of a ReFollower versus the cost of a FreeFollower ( as dictated by the marketplace ) .
Our lowest effective FreeFollower price was about $ 1.00 , while we can buy ReFollowers here for about 10 cents apiece .
This suggests that the “ value ” of a FreeFollower is around 10X that of a ReFollower , which ( if you think this is an efficient market and you tie value directly to reach ) you could take to mean that a FreeFollower is 10X more likely to read any given Tweet you send out .
Cost Per ReFollower : $ 0.10
Method 7 : Hosted ReFollow Services
Despite my personal aversion to ReFollow techniques , I think it ’s worth exploring exactly how complex this process is and what kind of time it takes to do - it - yourself instead of purchasing something from a provider in the previous method .
Generally , here ’s what we want to do :
Identify users ( typically ones who tweet certain keywords of relevance to us ) and follow them .
Give them a grace period of two days or so to follow us back , and if they have n’t done so , unfollow them .
This prevents us from following dead weight .
I ’m going to add an extra step here that is a bit more devious .
After a few days of creating a new reciprocal relationship , I ’m going to unfollow anyone I ’m following ( even the people who are following me ) , yielding new ” artificial ” FreeFollowers but likely increasing the risk of losing them altogether .
This is generally a huge faux pas in the Twitterverse , but I cared enough about getting the data to risk the bad Karma ( especially with a dummy account ) .
I call these artificial FreeFollowers because of how they were acquired .
The fact that they participated in a reciprocal ReFollow means they are likely to have a noisy update stream and therefore have a poor likelihood of reading our tweets .
This makes them less valuable than a more legitimately - acquired FreeFollower .
If you ’re only interested in perception , however , this could be a great move because artifical FreeFollowers ca n’t be distinguished from true FreeFollowers .
Doing this manually through the Twitter interface would be pretty laborious , but thankfully the Twitter API has led to the creation of tools that help do it for you .
We will look at two : Twollow and FlashTweet .
Twollow : Twollowallows for massive , scheduled , automated follows and unfollows .
The service has a 7 day trial that is pretty watered - down .
I sprung for their basic $ 6 / month subscription to give it a real test .
Twollow does exactly what we wanted .
It allowed us to follow up to 75 new keyword - specific people per “ cycle ” ( every few hours ) .
Then , it auto - unfollowed any of them who had n’t followed us back after three days .
This basically allowed us to sit back and accumulate ReFollowers with no effort whatsoever .
Twollow ended up following 203 users in its first 24 hours .
I then waited another day to allow people to follow me back and ended up with 48 ReFollowers ( a whopping 24 % conversion rate ) .
This after having spent only $ 6 and virtually no time .
Assuming I could keep this up for my 30 - day subscription , I would end up with 1,400 followers for just a $ 6 investment .
Cost Per ReFollower : $ 0.004
Remember , however , that these are ReFollowers .
Even worse , while this process is going on we ’ll be following a massive number of people .
This is n’t going to look very good to an informed eye .
Now , for the devious step .
I unfollowed everybody it had added ( I used a free tool called Mutuality to do a bulk removal of everyone I was following ) and waited another few days to see how many would drop me .
I tracked this using another free tool called TwUnfollow that e-mails you every time someone unfollows you .
22 of my refollowers did , leaving me with a net gain of 26 artificial FreeFollowers .
Extrapolating this suggests that we could gain up to 780 artificial FreeFollowers during our $ 6 subscription .
Cost per ( artificial ) FreeFollower : $ 0.008
In terms of posting numbers , this technique is untouchable in ease and cost .
If you do n’t care about the loyalty or reach of your base , Twollow is the way to go .
FlashTweet :
This service is similar to Twollow , except that it ’s free and lacks Twollow ’s automation features .
Using FlashTweet , you can identify and follow up to 100 users at a time based on keywords or relationships ( i.e. followers of followers ) , but these adds are done in bulk at the time of request and can not be scheduled .
You can also unfollow anyone who is not following you in bulk with a similar process .
FlashTweet carries a slightly higher banning risk than Twollow because its lack of automation lends itself to adding larger batches less frequently .
However , if you have the time to log in on a regular basis and keep track of who to unfollow and when , you can absolutely generate similar benefits to Twollow .
It ’s reasonable to assume you can achieve a similar yield of around 50 ReFollowers or 25 artificial FreeFollowers per day using FlashTweet .
However , this requires an estimated 30 minutes of labor per day ( which may decline with scale when you can add larger batches with less risk ) .
Cost per ReFollower : 36 seconds
Cost per ( artificial ) FreeFollower : 72 seconds
Method 8 : Pyramid Schemes
If Bernie Madoff was on Twitter , he ’d use tweet penguin .
It ’s a Ponzi scheme , plain and simple , as described below :
I ’ll avoid a discussion of Ponzi / Pyramid Schemes and their downfalls .
Suffice to say , this technique gained me just one follower ( and forced me to follow five people I did n’t care about ) .
Method 9 : Following Communities
There are a number of these , but they ’re all just variations on a theme .
I ’ll focus on two :
TweepMe : Pay these guys $ 12.95 and they ’ll let you into a ReFollower community of about 5,000 people .
Once you join , you and the other members follow each other automatically .
( This is spread out over time to prevent account - banning risk . )
I assume this works , making it another cheap source of ReFollowers .
However , these followers must be of terrible quality .
It ’s nothing but ReFollow junkies who are so interested in followers that they will pay to acquire them .
Adding these particular followers will do little for your actual reach .
Cost per ReFollower : $ 0.002
FastFollowers :
This is a slightly more interesting system , although for the most part it boils down to more ReFollow swaps .
The twist here is that everything is based on a “ credit ” system :
Again , there is most likely a quality issue here because everyone participating is also gaming the system .
You can buy credits for 8.5 cents apiece , and the typical follow costs you about 3 credits .
Alternately , you can follow people to earn credits , which you can then use to gain followers .
This takes some time though ( I ballpark it as 1 minute of effort per ReFollower ) .
Cost per FreeFollower : 3 cents
Cost per ReFollower : 1 minute
Method 10 : Buy a Guide of “ Hidden Secrets ”
I wanted to mention these because they show up a lot when you Google “ Twitter Followers . ”
There are several dozen sites out there that will let you pay them $ 30 - 100 for a top - secret guide on how to gain followers .
These are often wrapped in with the “ get rich quick ” language promising to help you “ make money on Twitter ! ”
I promise that you ’ve already learned more in this blog post than you would learn from any such guide .
These “ secret methods ” are always based on the follow / unfollow trick , and are often coupled with some tricks to prevent churn and keep your following / followed ratio in check .
Cost : Your dignity
Summary / Conclusions
Ultimately , your best course of action boils down to two factors :
Whether you mind “ following ” a large number of users to build up your own following
The dollar value you place on your time
With these factors in mind , you can identify the most cost - effective method for yourself using the summary table below :
FreeFollower Cost ReFollower Cost Topical Tweets 12 minutes N/ A Direct Interaction 7 minutes N/ A Celebrity Mentions 10 minutes N/ A Magpie $ 14.55 N/A FeaturedUsers.com $ 1.00 N/ A ReFollow Services N/A $ 0.10 Twollow $ 0.008 * $ 0.004 FlashTweet 72 seconds * 36 seconds TweepMe N/A $ 0.002 FastFollowers $ 0.03 1 minute * compromised quality
I hate to state the obvious , but if you ’re looking to establish a legitimate follower base , the best thing you can do is accumulate legitimate followers .
This means avoiding mass ReFollowers ( and related tricks ) , and choosing to interact with real people who have similarly pure motives .
In other words , use Twitter the way it was meant to be used .
Good luck and happy tweeting !
To hear about updates and future articles , please keep an eye on our blog and follow us on Twitter @RJMetrics .
A 45 - year - old Fort Collins mother is accused of having sex with a 16 - year - old boy who also was part of a group that enjoys dressing up as animals .
Richael L. Michels faces sexual assault on a child charges , according to the arrest affidavit the Fort Collins Coloradoan newspaper posted on its website .
Her husband notified the Colorado Department of Human Services in May that his wife might be having an improper online relationship with a teen - aged boy , the affidavit says .
He also told investigators she had “ recently become involved with a group known as ‘ Furries , ’ who dress up like animals and have social gatherings online and in person . ”
Members of the group gave statements to police after the woman ’s affectionate , sometimes intimate behavior with the teenager at Furries gatherings , called “ furmeets . ”
According to the arrest affadavit , Michels is friends with the boy ’s mother .
The boy told investigators Michels “ even made a comment about the irony of ( his ) mom trusting her as a mentor … and the whole time she was having sex with him . ”
The boy told police that he and Michels had sex several times , according to the affidavit .
I knew that processors — like castles — are made of sand .
But I did n't know they required stuff like ion implantation at more than 185,000 mph , electroplating , and the creation of up to 20 metal layers of transistor connections in 500nm .
Thankfully , Intel has put together a slide show to tell how the little things are made , from sand grains to the final packaging , going through all the dicing , the slicing , and the dancing .
[ Intel via Dark Roasted Blend ]
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
A team of researchers from the University of Huelva has developed an environmentally - friendly lubricating grease based on ricin oil and cellulose derivatives , according to the journal Green Chemistry .
The new formula does not include any of the contaminating components used to manufacture traditional industrial lubricants .
" The objective of this research was to develop a product that could be used as a lubricating grease but that was made only from natural materials and was therefore 100 % biodegradable " , José María Franco , a chemical engineer at the University of Huelva and co-author of the study published recently in Green Chemistry , tells SINC .
Environmentally - friendly greases are " oleogels " that use cellulose derivatives from plants and ricin oil ( from a bush in the Euphorbiaceae family ) as a lubricant base .
Franco says these new formulations are " an alternative to traditional lubricating greases , which create pollution that is difficult to combat once discharged into the environment " .
Lubricants used in industry are made from non-biodegradable components , such as synthetic oils or petroleum derivatives , and thickeners made with metallic soaps or polyurea derivatives ( a family of synthetic polymers ) .
These are currently the best performers , but they also imply more problems from an environmental perspective .
Millions of tonnes of hydraulic and industrial oils , and others from machinery , are discharged each year into rivers , the sea and fields .
Mineral - based oils can contaminate groundwater for more than 100 years , and can prevent the growth of trees and prove toxic to aquatic life .
This is lubricating grease based on ricin oil and cellulose derivatives .
( Photo Credit : Franco et al. )
Only partial solutions have been found to date for this problem , such as substituting mineral oil for vegetable ones , but no alternatives had been found to the metallic thickeners , which are also highly polluting .
The new green grease provides an answer , although the scientists admit that " more research is needed " in order to perfect its lubricating and anti-wear performance .
Franco tells SINC that the new material " has a similar level of mechanical stability to that of traditional greases , and it is highly temperature resistant , with rheological properties ( viscosity ) that do not change greatly , although we have observed that the material is expelled in large quantities when subjected to large inertial forces at high temperatures " .
When this substance is used in bearings , it is important that it is not easily shed .
This will reduce the lubrication frequency , thus maintaining the ideal functioning conditions for machinery for a longer time .
The researchers will continue to investigate this aspect in order to find a way of balancing the use of biodegradable ingredients to manufacture the grease while also optimising its lubricating capacity .
In any case , the scientists have proved that " oleogels " based on cellulose derivatives are not only environmentally friendly , but are also advantageous in that they are easier to process , and that manufacturing them requires simpler technology than that used to make conventional greases .
Source : FECYT - Spanish Foundation for Science and Technology
Overview
Less ( which stands for Leaner Style Sheets ) is a backwards - compatible language extension for CSS .
This is the official documentation for Less , the language and Less.js , the JavaScript tool that converts your Less styles to CSS styles .
Because Less looks just like CSS , learning it is a breeze .
Less only makes a few convenient additions to the CSS language , which is one of the reasons it can be learned so quickly .
For detailed documentation on Less language features , see Features
For a list of Less Built - in functions , see Functions
For detailed usage instructions , see Using Less.js
For third - party tools for Less , see Tools
What does Less add to CSS ?
Here 's a quick overview of features .
Variables
These are pretty self - explanatory :
@width : 10 px ; @height : @width + 10 px ; #header { width : @width ; height : @height ; }
Outputs :
#header { width : 10 px ; height : 20 px ; }
Learn More About Variables
Mixins
Mixins are a way of including ( " mixing in " ) a bunch of properties from one rule - set into another rule - set .
So say we have the following class :
. bordered { border - top : dotted 1 px black ; border - bottom : solid 2 px black ; }
And we want to use these properties inside other rule - sets .
Well , we just have to drop in the name of the class where we want the properties , like so :
# menu a { color : # 111 ; .bordered ( ) ; } .post a { color : red ; . bordered ( ) ; }
The properties of the . bordered class will now appear in both #menu a and . post a .
( Note that you can also use #ids as mixins . )
Learn More About Mixins
Nesting
Less gives you the ability to use nesting instead of , or in combination with cascading .
Let 's say we have the following CSS :
#header { color : black ; } #header .navigation { font - size : 12px ; } #header .logo { width : 300 px ; }
In Less , we can also write it this way :
#header { color : black ; .navigation { font - size : 12px ; } .logo { width : 300 px ; } }
The resulting code is more concise , and mimics the structure of your HTML .
You can also bundle pseudo - selectors with your mixins using this method .
Here 's the classic clearfix hack , rewritten as a mixin ( & represents the current selector parent ) :
. clearfix { display : block ; zoom : 1 ; & : after { content : " " ; display : block ; font - size : 0 ; height : 0 ; clear : both ; visibility : hidden ; } }
Learn More About Parent Selectors
Nested At - Rules and Bubbling
At -rules such as @media or @supports can be nested in the same way as selectors .
The at - rule is placed on top and relative order against other elements inside the same ruleset remains unchanged .
This is called bubbling .
. component { width : 300 px ; @media ( min- width : 768px ) { width : 600 px ; @media ( min-resolution : 192dpi ) { background - image : url ( /img/retina2x.png ) ; } } @media ( min-width : 1280 px ) { width : 800 px ; } }
outputs :
. component { width : 300 px ; } @media ( min- width : 768px ) { . component { width : 600 px ; } } @media ( min- width : 768px ) and ( min-resolution : 192dpi ) { . component { background - image : url ( /img/retina2x.png ) ; } } @media ( min-width : 1280 px ) { . component { width : 800 px ; } }
Operations
Arithmetical operations + , - , * , / can operate on any number , color or variable .
If it is possible , mathematical operations take units into account and convert numbers before adding , subtracting or comparing them .
The result has leftmost explicitly stated unit type .
If the conversion is impossible or not meaningful , units are ignored .
Example of impossible conversion : px to cm or rad to % .
@conversion - 1 : 5 cm + 10 mm ; @conversion - 2 : 2 - 3 cm - 5 mm ; @incompatible - units : 2 + 5 px - 3 cm ; @base : 5 % ; @filler : @base * 2 ; @other : @base + @filler ;
Multiplication and division do not convert numbers .
It would not be meaningful in most cases - a length multiplied by a length gives an area and css does not support specifying areas .
Less will operate on numbers as they are and assign explicitly stated unit type to the result .
@base : 2 cm * 3 mm ;
You can also do arithmetic on colors :
@color : # 224488 / 2 ; background - color : # 112244 + # 111 ;
However , you may find Less 's Color Functions more useful .
calc ( ) exception
Released v3.0.0
For CSS compatibility , calc ( ) does not evaluate math expressions , but will evaluate variables and math in nested functions .
@var : 50vh / 2 ; width : calc ( 50 % + ( @var - 20 px ) ) ;
Escaping
Escaping allows you to use any arbitrary string as property or variable value .
Anything inside ~ " anything " or ~' anything ' is used as is with no changes except interpolation .
@min768 : ~ " ( min- width : 768 px ) " ; .element { @media @min768 { font - size : 1.2rem ; } }
results in :
@media ( min-width : 768px ) { .element { font - size : 1.2rem ; } }
Note , as of Less 3.5 , you can simply write :
@min768 : ( min- width : 768px ) ; .element { @media @min768 { font - size : 1.2rem ; } }
In 3.5 + , many cases previously requiring " quote - escaping " are not needed .
Functions
Less provides a variety of functions which transform colors , manipulate strings and do maths .
They are documented fully in the function reference .
Using them is pretty straightforward .
The following example uses percentage to convert 0.5 to 50 % , increases the saturation of a base color by 5 % and then sets the background color to one that is lightened by 25 % and spun by 8 degrees :
@base : # f04615 ; @width : 0.5 ; .class { width : percentage ( @width ) ; color : saturate ( @base , 5 % ) ; background - color : spin ( lighten ( @base , 25 % ) , 8 ) ; }
See : Function Reference
Namespaces and Accessors
( Not to be confused with CSS @namespace or namespace selectors ) .
Sometimes , you may want to group your mixins , for organizational purposes , or just to offer some encapsulation .
You can do this pretty intuitively in Less .
Say you want to bundle some mixins and variables under # bundle , for later reuse or distributing :
# bundle ( ) { . button { display : block ; border : 1 px solid black ; background - color : grey ; & : hover { background - color : white ; } } .tab { ... } .citation { ... } }
Now if we want to mixin the .button class in our #header a , we can do :
#header a { color : orange ; # bundle .button ( ) ; }
Note : append ( ) to your namespace ( e.g. # bundle ( ) ) if you do n't want it to appear in your CSS output i.e. # bundle .tab .
Maps
As of Less 3.5 , you can also use mixins and rulesets as maps of values .
#colors ( ) { primary : blue ; secondary : green ; } .button { color : # colors [ primary ] ; border : 1 px solid # colors [ secondary ] ; }
This outputs , as expected :
. button { color : blue ; border : 1 px solid green ; }
See also : Maps
Scope
Scope in Less is very similar to that of CSS .
Variables and mixins are first looked for locally , and if they are n't found , it 's inherited from the " parent " scope .
@var : red ; # page { @var : white ; #header { color : @var ; } }
Like CSS custom properties , mixin and variable definitions do not have to be placed before a line where they are referenced .
So the following Less code is identical to the previous example :
@var : red ; # page { #header { color : @var ; } @var : white ; }
See also : Lazy Loading
Comments
Both block - style and inline comments may be used :
@var : red ; @var : white ;
Importing
Importing works pretty much as expected .
You can import a .less file , and all the variables in it will be available .
The extension is optionally specified for .less files .
@import " library " ; @import " typo.css " ;
Learn More About Imports
I 'm going to assume that anyone reading the following post is familiar with the novel " Atlas Shrugged " by Ayn Rand as well as basic Libertarian concepts .
A lot of really foundational Libertarian principles are expressed in this book , and I wo n't go over them here .
Read it for yourself .
Or , in lew of that , read my previous articles on " The Nature of Liberty " posted below .
What I did want to do is use Ms. Rand as an example for this discussion , since she is a perfect example of an " Atheist Libertarian " who completely failed to grasp the contradictory implications of her beliefs .
Let me be very clear from the outset , THERE CAN BE NO SUCH THING AS AN ATHEIST LIBERTARIAN ; ATHEISM AND LIBERTARIANISM ARE IN FACT COMPLETELY INCOMPATIBLE !
I cannot grasp how Rand failed to understand this , as judging by this particular work she was an exceptionally brilliant political philosopher .
Why are atheism and liberty so incompatible ?
Simply this :
The only objective moral reference for an atheist is the natural world , and primarily the animal world of which man is supposedly a part .
Rand herself made references to the animal world in her book as an argument against forced charity ; the fact that an animal always takes care of itself by instinct , in fact MUST take care of itself , as there is no charity in the animal world .
This is indeed a valid example .
But what Rand seemed to completely ignore in making her point is that THERE IS ALSO NO LIBERTY IN THE ANIMAL WORLD !
There is no protected private property in the animal world , it 's survival of the fittest .
If I 'm bigger and stronger than you , then I DESERVE to live and you DESERVE to die .
In fact , It 's MORAL !
The political model of nature is FASCISM !
( Note : I 'm using the term " fascism " in the general sense of " might makes right " , not as a reference to the actual Italian Fascist party platform , though they surely would have agreed with this notion ; )
If this is the only objective reality from which to take your example , how could you ever , on your own , without a religious influence , come to the conclusion that the " animal " called man should live under any system but anarchic defacto - fascism ?
The mistake Rand made was that she used survival of the fittest as an example WITHIN THE FRAMEWORK OF PRIVATE PROPERTY , i.e. the strongest BUSINESS wins .
But again , there is no private property in the animal world .
So from what objective moral reality does Rand draw the concept of private property ?
She never gets around to explaining this , which is rather unusual since this is the absolute bedrock foundation of her beliefs .
Is n't it very odd that you can leave all the other " decorative " beliefs of Libertarianism ; free market , legal drugs , legal sodomy ; but if you take away the lynch - pin of private property , it immediately devolves into it 's diametric opposite , fascism ?
As I 've said in previous articles , this is the foundational concept of any politcal philosohpy from which all it's other beliefs must spring ; that philosophy 's view of private property .
So where can any libertarian draw their foundational concept of private property , if not from nature ?
THOU SHALT NOT COVET .
Gee , where does that come from ?
I think it 's some old book , I can't quite remember the name ... This commandment not only recognizes that private property exists , but also that covetting property for which you did not work and / or barter is wrong .
Coupled with THOU SHALT NOT STEAL , this is the absolute foundation of property - based liberty .
In a future article I 'll have to explain how Christianity is in fact the very root of the libertarian concept , but I think I 've demonstrated here that any atheist who considers themself a libertarian is not being intellectually consistent .
If you 're going to be an atheist , fine .
But EMBRACE those fascist leanings , dammit !
If you beleive in liberty without a higher power then you do n't really know WHAT the hell you believe , you 're just grasping at straws in the dark .
I 'll also have to write an article explaining how and why Ms. Rand could be so completely backwards on this subject .
She was of the oppinion that Christianty was diametrically opposed to her views , when in fact , as you have seen , you cannot have liberty without some kind of benevolent god .
Rand 's mistake , and the harmoniousness of her beliefs with Christianty start to become clear when we start to view them both through the lens of contract law .
I 'll go into greater detail in the future .
And I 'll also explain why the creator god HAS to be the God of Christianity , and why I believe that this conclusion can be arrived at OBJECTIVELY , by which I mean WITHOUT FAITH .
I 'll save it for later , but I 'll leave you with the basic premise :
God only wants you to have faith that he will keep his promises , not faith that he exists or that the stories in the Bible are true .
Cupt , the re-implementation of APT suite , continues growing .
Since the previous post a lot of bugs were fixed , several versions were uploaded to Debian .
As always , many bugs were hunted out , and now , last 0.2.3 version has n't any open bugs in BTS .
I claim this is a good time for anyone who experienced bugs with APT to at least try typing one 's favorite package manager command ( update , full - upgrade , install , remove etc. ) with cupt .
Not being Swiss knife , Cupt already works for many known cases .
If it does n't , file a bug .
I claim this is a good time for anyone who feels that Perl is bad programming language to show practical objective statistics ( speed , memory footprint etc . ) .
I claim this is a good time for anyone who has some words to say about Cupt ( good or bad ) to say them .
Using private e-mail or via #cupt channel on OFTC IRC network .
Several people asked me before , do I want to replace APT by Cupt in some future .
Well , if APT will stay unmaintained as it is now , then the answer is probably ' yes ' .
In the meantime , a half - pilot implementation of source packages is ready .
It 's possible the next uploaded version of Cupt will strike out the ' experimental ' word from the tool 's description .
On the weekend , my 3 year - old daughter found a dead bumble bee in the garden , one of those giant comically fluffy Zeppelins that look like they should n't be able to walk , let alone fly .
In a moment that parents note as being developmentally significant , she asked me , unprompted , if we should bury it .
I do n't recall ever having talked about burials with her , and I 'm fairly sure she has little concept of death .
Nevertheless , we did , and marked the hymenopteric grave with a Mini Milk stick .
I 'm recounting this tale to the Alpharinos as we chow down on our pizzas , and it leads us onto talking about comfort .
Mike , the church layman who helps run the course , says how it 's much more comforting to say that grandma is in heaven rather than rotting in the ground .
I suggest that this is deceitful .
When is the right time to explain to a child what death is ?
I do n't know , but I 'm sure that an honest fudge is better than an outright fairy tale .
We 're meant to be talking about how God guides us , but it 's a bit of a pleasant ramble today .
I do n't know whether it's that we 're getting friendly now , or whether it 's the subject matter , but the tone is gentle , peaceful and rather personal .
Toby recounts tales of how he was called to re-affirm his Christianity and take it up professionally , via dreams and coincidences .
Toby says that God 's timing is great , which reminds me of the clear confirmation bias we heard in last week 's prayer session .
One woman describes how whilst driving , she effectively had a message telling her it was time for her to have a baby .
We hear how important it is to not think you are crazy when you start hearing from God .
Many Christians will tell of the moment when they felt something new and interpreted it to mean that they were in touch with the divine .
Naturally , I believe that there must be a rational explanation .
But with such personal experiences , so subject to later misremembering or partial interpretation , it 's nigh - on impossible to give one .
Some readers have noted that this Cliff Richard brand of Christianity is not very interesting .
Certainly it 's not nearly as easy to mock as out - and - out fundamentalist creationists .
Some have pointed out that listening to voices in your head whilst praying might result in bizarre behaviour .
Hearing from God in your dreams might also fit into that category .
But I think these small personal tales of faith are experiences of the majority of Christians , and the wacky ones are the vocal minority .
Our course is all very English , and not very evangelical .
And , based on what I have read and heard about other courses and the official doctrine , not very Alpha .
We go off - piste again with Toby talking about how he 's been involved in exorcisms .
I am utterly bemused .
I had no idea , but dioceses are required to have an exorcist .
We 're talking about demonic possession here .
He explains that most are clearly the product of psychiatric disorders , and they approach each with that in mind .
But others were not so easily explainable .
" You 're talking about ghosts ? " I ask .
" Oh no , not if you mean the spirits of the dead spooking around houses .
These were poltergeists , " he says .
" Is that not just a type of ghost ? " I ask , looking around for support to see if I have gone crazy .
Toby says " I 've seen things that I simply cannot explain . "
I think I 've gone soft .
Fear not :
Toby is already smacking his lips at the session in a fortnight 's time for which the theme is " healing " .
I 'll be fully tooled up for a barney .
But today these are real people with genuine emotional beliefs .
I may strenuously disagree , and certainly they may be ignorant or wrong , but I believe , as we become more familiar , that they deserve to be listened to .
Does tolerance of these beliefs pave the way to more extreme ideology ?
Probably .
But disparaging them surely only stokes those fires even more .
Meanwhile , the next day , I found my daughter had dug up the bee and was pulling its wings off .
You can insert your own interpretation of this as allegory for human nature below .
Iceland 's Geothermal Bailout
Last October , Iceland 's economy tanked .
Its bailout ?
A two - mile geothermal well drilled into a volcano that could generate an endless supply of clean energy .
Or , as Icelanders will calmly explain , it could all blow up in their faces
This one took forever , but I am happy with the result .
If you like it a whole lot , now you can buy a print !
Also , for those East Coast folks interested in accelerating technologies and transhumanism at large , the Singularity Summit is being held in New York this October 3 - 4 !
It ’s certainly going to be a time .
Die Photron FASTCAM SA-Z bietet Wissenschaftlern , Forschern und Ingenieuren die Möglichkeit , hochauflösende digitale Bilder mit ultrahoher Geschwindigkeit zu erfassen , um zuvor unsichtbare Prozesse und Ereignisse zu sehen und zu verstehen .
Mit der firmeneigenen CMOS - Bildsensortechnologie von Photron kombiniert die FASTCAM SA-Z hohe Aufzeichnungsraten mit herausragender Lichtempfindlichkeit und exzellenter Bildqualität , um die derzeit vielseitigste Ultra -Hochgeschwindigkeits - Digitalkamera zu bieten .
Jetzt anfragen
Iran 's opposition faces a critical test of resolve and the country an uncertain future tomorrow after the Islamic regime 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , issued a blunt warning to those involved in mass protests over last week 's " stolen " presidential election that they would " bear the responsibility " for any bloodshed .
Khamenei rejected accusations of fraud in the poll , confirmed the incumbent , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , as the winner , and gave no ground to the millions of ­Iranians demanding their votes back .
Mir Hossein Mousavi , who claims he beat Ahmadinejad in the race , was said by an ally to have no plans for unauthorised rallies tomorrow following the warning , but supporters vowed to go on protesting .
Fears grew tonight of an intensifying crackdown on media and opposition activists .
Students at the fine arts faculty of Tehran University – where scores of students were injured and some reported killed after raids by security forces earlier this week – announced an indefinite sit - in starting tomorrow .
Khamenei 's closely watched speech at prayers at Tehran University could hardly have been tougher .
It had been hoped he might adopt a more conciliatory tone that would help defuse the gathering crisis , the worst in Iran 's 30 - year post - revolutionary history .
But he warned : " If there is any bloodshed , the leaders of the protests will be held directly responsible .
The result of the election comes from the ballot box , not from the street .
Today the Iranian nation needs calm . "
Tens of thousands of worshippers cheered as he told them : " It is your victory .
They cannot manipulate it . "
Mousavi , a moderate former prime minister whose " green " movement scared the regime with the support it was attracting , ignored a call to attend the prayer meeting and now faces a dilemma over his next step .
Ignoring Khamenei 's message risks bloodshed on a far larger scale than the eight people killed last week .
Accepting it means surrender to the regime .
The reformist cleric Mehdi Karroubi , another candidate for the presidency , added to the pressure tonight by also calling for the election to be annulled .
" Accept the Iranian nation 's will by cancelling the vote and guarantee the establishment 's survival , " he urged .
Khamenei attacked opponents at home but also lambasted Iran 's enemies abroad in hardline remarks that bode ill for any opening to the US , where Barack Obama is seeking talks to tackle worries over Iran 's nuclear ambitions .
Britain was attacked as " the most evil " , but the US , Israel and " Zionist - controlled " media were also abused , as was Hillary Clinton , the US secretary of state .
" The enemies are targeting the Islamic establishment 's legitimacy by questioning the election and its authenticity before and after [ the vote ] , " said Khamenei .
President Barack Obama toughened his rhetoric yesterday in support of the demonstrators and criticised the Tehran government for its violent response .
" I 'm very concerned – based on some of the tenor and tone of the statements that have been made – that the government of Iran recognise that the world is watching , " Obama told CBS News .
" And how they approach and deal with people who are , through peaceful means , trying to be heard will , I think , send a pretty clear signal to the international community about what Iran is – and is not . "
Analysts and commentators were dismayed by the implications of Khamenei 's speech .
Sadegh Saba , chief analyst for BBC Persian TV , said : " Mousavi wants the protests to continue but Khamenei is saying if they do there might be bloodshed – and it will be on your hands . "
Issa Saharkhiz , a Tehran - based pro-reformist commentator , said Khamenei 's speech had transformed the crisis from a conflict over the election result into a trial of his own political authority , which was now being openly questioned .
" Now the issue is that the supreme leader 's sense of justice , management and competence is under question , " he told Deutsche Welle .
" The leadership can not be left in the hands of such a person , who for the sake of preserving himself and his power threatens people with mass murder . "
Crucially , Khamenei ruled out any cheating in the election , apparently dashing hopes that a partial recount ordered by the guardian council , a supervisory body of senior clerics , will mitigate the crisis .
Khamenei's call for Mousavi and Karroubi to confine their protests to legal avenues prompted mockery .
" This means that Imam Hossein [ the third most revered figure in Shia Islam ] , instead of making a last stand at Karbala , [ should have ] pursued his grievances through the legal process , " one blogger said on the Farsi blogsite Balatarin .
Balatarin was flooded with messages voicing outrage at Khamenei 's warning .
One read : " Mr Khamenei , the direct responsibility for any damage to people 's lives or property now lies with you . "
No Comments
Death is inevitable .
You may be young and healthy now but , at some point , you will have to say goodbye to the world and all your loved ones .
However , what will happen to the wealth that you have accumulated throughout your life ?
Who among your family and friends will get the things you treasured when
Gordon Brown has said he wants the parliamentary standards bill – the " emergency ' anti-sleaze legislation creating a regulator to take charge of MPs ' pay and expenses – to be law before the Commons rises for the summer recess in two weeks .
Now there seems to be at least a possibility that the House of Lords might stop him getting his way .
The Lords constitution committee has just published a report strongly criticising the government for trying to rush the bill onto the statute book .
The three main parties are all committed to getting the bill passed before the summer holiday starts , and so , in theory , the fact that the 12 - strong committee is opposed to that timetable should not make any difference .
One source told me it would be " surprising " if the Lords as a whole tried to hold up the bill , given that it's about the House of Commons and that MPs want it passed quickly .
But peers can be quite independent - minded and they may find the constitution committee 's arguments persuasive .
We 'll know more when the Lords debates it for the first time on Wednesday .
This is the key section from the committee 's report :
We are wholly unpersuaded by the government 's case for this bill to be fast - tracked .
There is an undoubted need to restore public confidence in the parliamentary system .
It is not , however , clear to us that a cobbled together bill rushed through parliament will help rebuild public trust ; on the contrary , if parliament cannot be seen to be scrutinising proposals with the thoroughness they deserve , public confidence in parliamentarians is likely to be further undermined .
Governments should find the strength to resist falling into a temptation simply to see something done , which is no substitute for properly prepared policy and legislation .
Members of the committee were not impressed by the government 's claims that the bill needed to be fast - tracked because there was " an urgent public demand " to sort out the expenses issue .
" It appears that the key driver for the bill is public perception , rather than any specific policy outcome , " the committee said .
It also argued that a fast - track timetable was inappropriate for a bill with such important constitutional implications .
Self - regulation has been a central characteristic of both Houses of the United Kingdom parliament .
The " exclusive cognisance " of each house to regulate its own affairs , free from intervention by the courts , has been a key feature of our constitutional framework .
The bill breaks with that convention .
This is a profound change which has the potential to give rise to conflict between parliament and the courts , the implications of which require very careful examination .
The report also includes a dig at the " constitutionally unorthodox " way the prime minister announced his plans to reform the system of MPs ' expenses via an announcement on YouTube .
The bill has already been criticised in a memo from Malcolm Jack , the clerk of the Commons , in a report from the Commons justice committee and in a report from the joint committee on human rights .
When the bill was being debated in the Commons , the government suffered one defeat and had to announce two further concessions .
After Wednesday 's second reading , the Lords will debate it again on Tuesday next week ( the committee stage ) and on Monday 20 July ( report stage and third reading ) .
Even if peers do not try to delay the bill , further concessions seem inevitable .
Most students struggle when they have to …
Whether you 're looking to get a bodybuilder physique or you want a leaner look , you need to ditch the fat and add some muscle .
Sounds easy enough , right ?
Unfortunately , it 's not always as simple as picking up some weights and pumping away .
You need to eat the right foods , stay committed to doing your exercises , and take the right muscle building supplements to achieve the body of your dreams .
Eating Foods that Build Muscle
If you 're really serious about building muscle , you need to closely monitor your diet .
Protein is the foundation on which all muscle is built .
High protein foods include chicken breast , turkey breast , tuna , cottage cheese , egg whites , salmon , and lean beef .
Of course , you need to balance the protein out with carbohydrates .
Carbs help you get the energy you need to work out each day .
Some of the top Carb choices are brown rice , potatoes , whole wheat pasta , bagels , oatmeal , fat free yogurt , and beans .
You should also include veggies in each of your meals .
Lastly , you need to include a little fat in your diet .
Most people think foods that build muscle should avoid fat , but this is n't true .
Healthy fat options include avocados , peanut butter , olive oil , nuts , and fish oil .
A well - balanced diet that includes enough protein , carbohydrates , and a little fat will help you pack on that muscle .
Exercises that Build Muscle
Of course , muscle is n't going to magically appear on your body .
You have to work for it .
There 's something to be said for a little blood , sweat and tears .
The key is to make sure you work out every area of your body .
Too many people just focus on their arms , causing them to look disproportionate and , well , just plain goofy .
Dumbbells are great to use because of their versatility .
You can do everything from shoulder exercises to tricep curls with a dumbbell .
The great thing is you can easily store them so you can work out from the comfort of your own home .
For lower body muscle building , squats are a good place to start .
However , these are potentially dangerous exercises , so make sure you have a spotter on hand at all times .
You can also do calf raises or ride a stationary bike to add muscle to your legs .
The key to building lean muscle is to exercise on a regular basis .
Mix it up to avoid boredom and plateauing .
Muscle Building Supplements
Muscle building supplements are the final piece of the puzzle .
They bring all your hard work and eating habits together .
Without the right muscle supplements , you 'll never experience the full benefits of your labor .
Unfortunately , the market is overflowing with muscle building supplements .
Finding the right one for your needs can be challenging .
We recommend starting by reading reviews of the leading muscle building products , including arginine supplements , HGH releasers , and nitric oxide enhancers .
These reviews will help you sort out the pretenders from the real deal supplements .
We also believe muscle building pills are the most convenient and effective supplements on the market .
After all , who wants to use the scoop and powder to build muscle ?
It 's messy , it tastes gross , and it 's difficult to measure properly .
Instead , why not just take a muscle building pill and be done with it ?
Build Muscle Fast !
Are you ready to start building muscle so you can have the body of your dreams ?
Get started now by browsing this website to learn more tricks and tips that will help you build muscle fast !
OTTAWA – Transportation Minister John Baird has urged Toronto to come up with a list of other infrastructure projects in a letter where he drives a final stake into the heart of the city 's plans for federal funding for new streetcars .
Baird , in a polite but blunt letter to Toronto Mayor David Miller , makes it clear that the city 's wish list for federal cash for new streetcars and a replacement carhouse do n't qualify under Ottawa 's Infrastructure Fund .
The correspondence shatters Miller 's hopes that Ottawa would come up with the money before the streetcar agreement between Bombardier and the TTC expires June 27 .
" Unfortunately , these projects are not eligible under this fund .
I hope that , after reading this letter , you will understand why that is the case and will be ready to work with me to find other projects to work together on to build infrastructure in the City of Toronto , " Baird states in the letter sent today .
Miller told the Star today he saw the letter as an " olive branch " from Baird because it requests the city to come up with a suitable list of projects , which could well give Toronto funding room for the streetcars .
" I take that request as an olive branch ... and provided that we can work in partnership to ensure that leaves $ 300 million of room for the City of Toronto then that would mean we would be able to find a way to work towards the streetcar project ... which is too important to the city to let fail , " the mayor said .
Toronto's streetcars carry some 250,000 passengers daily " so we have to find a way to get this order done . "
Miller said .
The province and the city had pinned their hopes on Ottawa kicking in more than $ 300 million as its portion of the $ 1.2 billion cost for buying 204 new streetcars .
The carhouse was over and above that .
Baird insisted that while Ontario municipalities successfully submitted 2,700 project applications using the federal government 's simplified online application , Toronto failed to do so .
" Unfortunately , Toronto was not among them .
The project that your officials tried to submit clearly did not meet the criteria and so could not be submitted , " he stated in the letter obtained by the Toronto Star .
Baird was more explicit about his frustration with Toronto 's application during a meeting in British Columbia when he was overhead using profanity .
First and foremost , said Baird , all projects funded from the Infrastructure Stimulus Fund must be completed by March 31 , 2011 .
" This is clearly not the case with the Light Rail Vehicles and the carhouse .
The first of the Light Rail Vehicles will not even be delivered until late 2012 at the earliest , and the project will not be complete until 2018 , a full seven years past the deadline .
Similarly , the carhouse will not even start , let alone finish construction until after March 31 , 2011 , " he stated .
Baird said the majority of the costs involved in this project over the next two years are not in Toronto and are not for the construction of public infrastructure .
" The streetcars are only guaranteed to contain 25 percent Canadian content , and large portion of the requested funding would go to re-tooling a Bombardier plant in Thunder Bay .
This fund was created to build public infrastructure , not modernize factories , " the minister stated .
Baird said despite all that he asked federal officials to carefully study the city 's request and work with Toronto officials to see if it could be made to qualify , adding that it could not be done .
He said the proposed project may well be an " excellent project of great benefit to the people of Toronto , however ... it simply does not fit within the criteria of the Infrastructure Stimulus Fund . "
Baird said he was certain Toronto has many worthwhile projects that would be eligible for the stimulus funding and urged the city to get on with making application for federal cash .
" I have heard that there are many worthwhile projects ready to go today to improve and renew Toronto 's infrastructure .
These projects would benefit the people of Toronto by improving roads , water and sewer systems , parks and recreational facilities , " he stated .
" It would be a tragedy if the federal government spent $ 4 billion on infrastructure stimulus across the country but was unable to spend any of this on projects in Toronto .
I will not let this happen .
I hope that the federal government will have a cooperative partner in the City of Toronto . "
Spending for the streetcar contract was approved by City Council as an equal three - way split and now that Ottawa has pulled out council would have to authorize any new spending .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
This could be complicated by the fact that city workers are in a legal strike position after midnight tomorrow ( Sunday ) , which means in the event of a walkout all city meetings would be cancelled in the event of a walk , including city council .
Miller said he was not concerned since the city has an established five - year capital projects list that senior city staff could draw on .
Read more about :
Police in Hong Kong are investigating an online video showing a teenage girl performing oral sex in exchange for cash to buy a designer handbag .
The six - minute clip shows the 17 - year - old performing the sex act on the upper deck of a Hong Kong bus .
The video , which appears to be shot on a camera phone , has now been circulated online under the heading " Kikimushroom do things on bus " .
The accompanying caption reads " Pay $ 200 and get this service from a 17 - year - old Hong Kong student .
She wants to buy Gucci bag . "
Police were investigating whether the video is part of a growing trend called " compensated dating . "
This euphemism describes a practice where young girls are paid for sex .
In my day that was simply called prostitution .
I understand a girl 's love of Gucci more than the next person , but this just seems tacky to me .
When I was 17 I was working checkouts at K - Mart .
It was n't glamorous , but I would have rather saved my minimum wage paycheck to buy that designer purse than stoop as low as these teens !
[ Source : Yahoo News ]
[ Image Source : Krysten N / Flickr ]
Gucci Handbags on eBay
How do words change meaning ?
One way is semantic change .
In historical linguistics , semantic change is a change in one of the meanings of a word .
Every word has a variety of connotations which can be added to , removed or altered over time .
Sometimes this occurs to the extent that words from one point in time have very different meanings in relation to another time .
An good example of a recent semantic change is of the word mouse ; with the advent of computer technology , the word for the animal has been used to refer to the device .
Another way words change meaning is through their transmission from one language to another and the influence of other languages and cultures .
Throughout history many nations , through conquering or intermixing with one another , introduced their own languages into the existing one .
Sometimes a word just does n't translate well .
Just one of the pitfalls of any word in its path through the wonderful world of language .
Other ways they change meaning include pejoration , the process by which a word 's meaning worsens or degenerates and amelioration , in which a word 's meaning improves or becomes elevated .
Then there are generalization ( a word 's meaning widens to include new concepts ) , and specialization ( a word 's meaning contracts to focus on fewer concepts ) .
I have n't given the current definition in the following list except in a couple of obscure cases .
I know you know the current meaning of these words .
Boy , I love writing for really smart people .
To abandon meant " to subjugate , subdue , " from the phrase mettre à bandon " to give up to a public ban . "
Until the mid-16th century , abode was defined as a verbal noun ; " the action of waiting . "
The vowel change is consistent with an Old English strong verb ( ride / rode , etc. ) .
If you were a magus in the Middle Ages , you knew that abracadabra was a mystical word used on an amulet which was written out in a triangle shape and worn around the neck to ward off sickness .
Abscond used to refer to the act of hiding oneself especially to escape debt or the law .
Accent originally meant " to sing " from the Latin , canere .
It is a loan - translation of the Greek prosoidia , ( pros " to " + oide " song " ) which apparently described the pitch scheme in Greek verse .
Something across used to mean " in a crossed position , " literally " on cross " from Anglo - French an cros .
If a thing was actual , it was " pertaining to an action . "
From Old French actuel " now existing , up to date , " from the Latin actualis " active . "
The name of a species of snake , an adder is an example of transference of a letter .
It was originally " nadder " but the pronunciation " a nadder " eventually became " an adder . "
The same thing happened the the " napron " which became " an apron . "
The original meaning of addict was " to award as a slave . "
It is from the Latin addictus which , in Roman law , meant " a debtor awarded as a slave to his creditor . "
An Admiral once described ( in English , at least ) an emir or prince under the Sultan .
It comes from the Arabic amir , " commander of . "
So , in Arabic , admiral always meant " emir of the sea " but it took English speakers awhile to figure that out and ascribe the correct definition .
Once , something aerial was imaginary or " thin as air . "
If a thing was affirmed , it was strengthend or made firm .
From Latin affirmare , " strengthen , make firm , " from firmus " strong . "
Once , affluent meant " flowing freely in great quantity . "
From the Latin affluentem , " flow towards . "
To afford meant to go forward , from Old English geforðian " to advance . "
The spelling changed , too .
The " d " was once a " th " and the " af - " was " ad - " .
It was changed in the mistaken belief that it was a Latinate word .
Even etymologists mess up now and then .
The aftermath was originally a second crop of grass grown after the first had been harvested .
It was spelled " aftermowth " then .
Ahoy was once a Viking battle cry meaning " look ! "
Almost first meant " mostly all . "
Those of us ladies who sing alto will be surprised that it originally meant " man with an high voice , " from the Latin altus , " high . "
In the 13th century if you were amazed , you were alarmed or terrified .
Back then , amasian meant " stupefy , make crazy . "
An ambulance once brought the hospital to the patient .
It kept the name when it reversed the process .
It comes originally from French hôpital ambulant , literally " walking ( hospital ) , " a mobile or field hospital .
Amend once meant to reform or convert a person .
From Latin emendare " to correct , free from fault . "
An army 's ammunition once described all of its supplies .
To amuse once meant to distract someone for the purpose of misleading them , " delude , deceive . "
From the Middle French amuser , " divert , cause to muse . "
An angel was once a messenger of a more mundane origin ; a hireling .
It comes from the Greek aggelos , " messenger . "
To annihilate once meant " to make null and void " and described agreements and contracts .
Apology once meant to defend against an accusation .
From the Greek apologia , " defense . "
In ancient Rome , an aquarium was a place to water cattle .
That pretty armoire was once used to store weapons .
Artificial originally meant " full of artistic or technical skill . "
To aspire meant to breathe into .
From the Latin spirare , " to breathe . "
Auburn was originally a brownish - white color , from Latin albus " white . "
Another example of an etymological mistake .
Awful once meant " full of awe " i.e. something wonderful , delightful , amazing .
It was often used in religious descriptions and sometimes still is .
Originally baccalaureate was a play on words of bacca lauri " laurel berry " ( laurels were awarded for academic success ) .
A bachelor was a young man hoping to become a knight .
Even before that , he was a poor young soldier .
A backlog was the huge log placed in the back of the fire that would smolder for days .
Bail once meant a water carrier or a person charged with a responsibility .
From the French baillier , " to carry ; to take charge . "
Balderdash once described a frothy liquid .
A balloon was once a game played with a large inflated leather ball .
It comes from the French ballon , " large ball . "
Banyan was originally the word for a Hindu trader .
When European traders visited them in Bandar Abbas , so the story goes , there was a pagoda there under a huge fig tree .
This is where the trading went on .
So they called it a banyan tree .
From the Sanskrit , vanija " merchant . "
Barley was an adjective meaning " to flour . "
A barnacle was a species of wild goose . "
The goose nests in the Arctic in summer and returns to Europe in the winter , so its reproduction was a mystery .
It was believed to hatch from barnacle 's shell , possibly because the crustacean 's feathery stalks resemble goose down .
A basement was once a toilet .
A belfry was originally a wooden siege tower on wheels .
From Middle German bercfrit " protecting shelter " ( bergen " to protect " + frid " peace " ) .
The spelling was altered by the new association with the word " bell . "
A bellboy was once the boy who rang the ship 's bell .
Bidet meant " pony , " referring to the position one took when using it .
Bimbo , from the Italian for " little child , " once meant " tough guy " or " one of the boys . "
If a thing was bleak , it was white .
From Old Norse bleikr " pale . "
To bless was originally to redden with blood , as in a sacrifice .
The Old English word bledsung was used as a translation of Greek and Hebrew words in the Bible that meant to speak well of and to kneel , respectively .
Brave was used at one time to signify someone who was showy or gaudy .
To broadcast meant to sow seeds in a sweeping motion .
A brothel was once a low - life or worthless person .
A buggy whip used to be something to help control the horses pulling a buggy .
Now it 's the antenna on a dune buggy .
Bugle once described a drinking horn or a hunting horn .
A bureau was originally a cloth covering for a desk , from burel " coarse woolen cloth " ( as a cover for writing desks ) , diminutive of Old French bure " dark brown cloth . "
To be buxom was once to be " compliant , meek , obedient , humble . "
From Old English bugen " to bow " + - som , creating " capable of being bent . "
Cabinet is diminutive for cabin from Old French and translates as " little gambling house , " which is what it first was .
To capitulate used to mean to negotiate .
Careful once meant " full of anxiety . "
A carol was once a non-religious ring dance .
Cauldrons started out as something for heating people , not food .
From the Latin caladarium , " hot bath . "
Century once described a 100 - man Roman army .
If you had charisma , you had the god - given gift to perform miracles .
From the Greek kharis , " god - given favor . "
As an adjective , cheap is fairly recent .
Its ultimate source goes back to the Latin noun caupo , " tradesman . "
The original sense is preserved in the surname Chapman .
The early meaning of clay was " material of the human body . "
Clergy first meant " learning , scholarship , " and clerk was the word for a man ordained into the Christian ministry .
Climate originally denoted a zone of the earth between two lines of latitude .
Originally meaning " to fasten with a nail , " cloy began as a verb .
It was reduced from acloy , based on the Latin for " nail , " clavus .
The first meaning of coax was " to make a fool of , " in slang phrase to make a coax of .
A coil was once a noisy disturbance or a confused noise .
The noun compass , was once an adjective meaning " cunning , cleverness , ingenuity . "
Complexion first meant a person 's physical nature and because that was thought to be revealed by the color and texture of the skin , it came to describe the appearance of facial skin .
If you confused someone , you brought them to ruin .
From Latin confusionem , a noun of action from confundere " to pour together , " ( com - " together " + fundere " to pour " ) .
Conserve once meant to observe a custom or rite .
A corsage was once a word for the bodice of a woman 's dress .
Counterfeit once denoted a perfect copy .
To crave once meant to demand as a legal right .
Cuff once described a glove or mitten .
Cute is a shortened form of acute , meaning " keenly perceptive ; shrewd . "
If you were daft , you were not silly but " mild and meek . "
From the Germanic word gadaftjaz , it was probably influenced by analogy with daffe " halfwit . "
The original sense of dainty was " substantial and able , " a complete 360 from nowadays !
Damp once described noxious vapors or smoke .
A dapper person was once a heavy person .
One wrote on a davenport rather than sit on it , as it once referred to a writing desk .
Debacle comes from the French debacler , " to unbar or free . "
It originally meant to break up ice on a river .
To deduce once meant " to lead , " from the Latin ducere , " lead . "
In a huge change , defecate used to mean to purify something .
From Latin defæcatus , " cleanse from dregs , purify . "
A deft person was once gentle and meek .
To denounce was to give official information .
From the Latin denuntiare , " declare , proclaim . "
Depend once meant to be suspended , as an icicle from an eave .
Derive originally meant to conduct water from a source .
From the Latin phrase de rivo ( de " from " + rivus " stream " ) .
To desire literally meant to study the stars carefully and was an astrological term .
Diaper is from the Greek word diaspros , " pure white . "
It originally described a fabric with a pattern of small diamonds .
Disclose once meant to open a hatch .
Discotheque is from the French for a record library .
A dogma was once simply an opinion .
From Greek dogmatos " opinion , tenet , " literally " that which one thinks is true . "
Doll was originally a familiar form of the proper name Dorothy .
Doom used to mean a statute or law , judgment or decree .
If you doused someone , you punched them .
There is no connection , etymologically , to the current meaning .
To dribble once meant to shoot an arrow short or wide of its target .
Drive still carries the meaning of operating a vehicle but through semantic - shift , it is coming to mean any means of recording information .
Dump originally meant reverie or " absence of mind . "
It is possibly a figurative use of the Middle Dutch domp , " haze or mist . "
Originally , eager described something sharp or biting , as in the air , and " pungent , sour . "
From the Latin acris , " keen , sharp . "
To edify once meant to put up a building .
From the Latin ædificare , " to build , construct . "
An egghead was originally a bald person .
Baldness was once seen as a sign of wisdom .
Eke used to be a noun for an addition or reinforcement or an increase .
Elongate first meant to move or remove something .
From Latin elongare , " remove to a distance " ( ex - " out " + longus " long " ) .
At first , elope meant that a woman was running away from her husband with her lover .
To embarrass once meant to hamper or obstruct .
From the French embarrasser , literally " to block . "
Emphasis originally meant " appearance . "
Empty first meant at leisure or unoccupied and could also mean " unmarried . "
From Latin æmetta , " leisure . "
Engross originally described using large handwriting or to write in a large clear hand .
Entail first meant to carve or cut .
From Latin taliare " to cut . "
The description of ethnic used to mean someone who was neither Jewish nor Christian .
From the Greek ethnikos , " heathen . "
Evil used to mean nothing more sinister than " uppity . "
If you were taking an excursion , you were running away or escaping .
Exorbitant was originally a term for a legal case outside the scope of the law .
Another 360 in meaning , to exorcise once was to conjure up and command an evil spirit .
From the Latin ex - " out " + horkos " oath " .
An expletive used to be a person or thing that served to fill space .
From Latin explere , " fill out , " ( ex - " out " + plere " to fill " ) .
Facetious originally described someone who was polished and / or had urbane manners .
Facial started as a religious term meaning " face - to - face , open . "
From the Old Norse fanga , fang once meant " prey , spoils , a seizing or taking . "
Something flabby was once damp or clammy .
Flinch used to mean to slink away .
Coarse grass was once called fog and a place that was foggy was covered with grass or mossy .
Forehead originally meant an expression which was easily conveyed by the face , such as innocence or anger .
The early meaning of frippery was second hand clothes rather than finery .
Garble originally meant " to sort out " and was applied to the selection and sorting of passages from someone 's writings , a separation of the good from the bad .
From Old French garniss , " provide , furnish , " garnish was first the term for dinnerware and things in use at the table .
Gauche used to mean left - handed , an example of the prejudice against the left .
See ...?
It goes way back .
Gay , until fairly recently , used to mean " merry , happy , carefree . "
Girl used to be the term for a young person of either sex .
A glade was once an area of water not frozen over but surrounded by ice .
The earliest meaning of gravel was " sand . "
From Old French gravele , a diminutive of grave " sand , seashore . "
To grin once meant to scowl or show the teeth as a sign or anger .
Guess meant to take aim , as with a weapon .
Hanker is from the Flemish hankeren and originally meant to hang about or loiter .
In its earliest meaning , a harbinger was a host or one who provided lodging .
From Old French herbergier " provide lodging . "
A harlot first meant a rascal or low fellow or a vagabond or beggar .
From the Latin harlotus , " vagabond . "
If you had heartburn you would n't reach for Tums because you were jealous or full of hatred .
The greeting " hello " used to be an exclamation of surprise dating back to the Middle Ages .
From the French hallow , " to pursue by shouting . "
Thomas Edison popularized the current use .
Another exclamation , this one of excitement , exuberance or happiness , heyday is from the Saxon heh - doeg , " high day . "
Hilarity used to mean simple cheerfulness or " calm joy . "
A hospital was once a place for the reception and entertainment of travelers and pilgrims .
From the Latin hospitalis , " hospitality . "
An icon was originally a term used in speaking or writing meaning " simile . "
Once , an idiot was simply a layman as opposed to a clergyman .
Something impertinent was unrelated or unconnected .
From Latin impertinentem , " not belonging . "
In a stunning switch , to imprecate went from meaning " to pray for " to now meaning " to wish evil upon . "
Infant means " unable to speak " in Latin from in - " not " + fari " speak . "
It could apply to a child of any age , not just a baby .
Someone in the infantry was too young to be allowed to serve in the cavalry .
An inmate was originally someone who shared a house or a lodger / tenant in someone 's house .
To insult first meant to " leap on the prostrate body of a foe . "
It was usually used in a military sense of a surprise assault .
From the Latin saltus , " leap . "
If you invested in someone , you clothed them ( Latin in- + vestere , " to clothe " ) .
Investment once meant " putting clothes ( vestments ) on . "
Jumbo is from the Swahili jambe , meaning " chief " and originally described a large and clumsy person .
Your keister used to be your suitcase or satchel .
A knave once meant a child or youth and a knight was simply a boy or a servant .
Both are from the Old English cniht " boy , youth , servant . "
Lady and lord are both from the Old English hlaf , " bread . "
The lady , or hlafdige , was once " the one who kneads the bread . "
The lord , or hlafweard , was the " guardian of the loaf . "
Last once had the meaning of " highest , utmost . "
The sweet - smelling lavender maybe was n't so sweet - smelling originally as it was a word for " laundress . "
Lavender got its name from the custom of adding it to the laundry .
Left originally meant " weak " yet another example of the eternal bias against the left .
A legacy first was the office , function or commission of a legate .
A legate was originally an " authorized representative of the Pope , " from Latin legatus , " provided with a commission . "
Levity was once thought to be the opposite force from gravity ; the force which pulled in the other direction .
From Latin levis , " light " in weight .
Mahogany was once a word for the dining room table .
Manage was once a noun meaning " the age at which one became a man . "
Pretty literal .
Manufacture means " to make by hand " in Latin and originally signified things that were created by craftsmen .
Once a verb , manure meant to hold or manage land or property .
From the Latin manu operari , ( manus " hand " + operari " to work , operate " ) .
A match first was a wick of a candle or lamp .
Matrix is from the Latin for " breeding female . "
It was originally used to refer to the womb .
A milliner - a maker and seller of lady 's hats - once referred to anyone from Milan , Italy .
Monochrome originally referred to differing shades of one color .
A munition was once a granted privilege or right .
In the military sense , it first described a defending wall or fortification .
That 's the first half of the list .
I 'm sure there are words you want to add so go to it ....
Let me preface this column by saying that I love Scotland , that I spent four of the happiest years of my life there as a student , that several of my closest friends are Scots , and that I return whenever possible .
Last week I was there to cover the Open Championship at Turnberry on the glorious Ayrshire coast , and was reminded anew of myriad Caledonian charms .
But Scottish grub , on the whole , is not one of them .
Now , before indignant Scottish readers reach for their keyboards , I must add that I yield to absolutely nobody in my admiration for Aberdeen Angus steak , Loch Fyne oysters , Inverawe smoked salmon , Achiltibuie kippers , and even Ecclefechan butter tart .
Nor do I subscribe to the sassenach notion that haggis is revolting .
As made by Macsween of Edinburgh , it is almost a thing of nobility .
But since we have alighted in " Auld Reekie " , as Scotland 's great capital city is sometimes known , let me also relate the story told by a colleague of mine , who some years ago took a distinguished Canadian journalist called Hal Quinn for a slap - up breakfast in a cafe just off the Royal Mile .
Quinn asked for some fresh orange juice and was duly brought a sturdy glass of fizzy orangeade .
" Holy cow , what 's this ? " he exclaimed , and tried to explain to the semi- detached waitress the difference between fresh and freshly - opened .
The Scottish caff can , I 'm afraid , be a dismal place .
So can the Scottish hotel .
During the Open , this newspaper 's small troupe of sports writers were accommodated in an establishment in Girvan , a holiday resort somewhat down on its luck a few miles south of Turnberry .
It would be cruel of me to list the hotel 's many deficiencies , and still crueller to name it , but suffice to say that a colleague lamented the absence of a comments book , in which he had hoped to suggest that the place should , in the interests of humanity , be blown up .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
In fairness , it is wrong to finger only Scotland .
Seaside resorts around Britain are full of such hotels , shabby Victorian villas in which the concept of organising life to suit the guest rather than the staff is as threadbare as the towels and curtains .
I was once despatched to Blackpool to cover the Tory Party Conference , and was billeted in a gloomy place just off the promenade .
Having arrived tired and hungry just after 6 pm , I optimistically asked the hangdog proprietor whether they served evening meals .
The ghost of a smile illuminated his lugubrious face .
" We do , " he said , " but you 're too late .
We stopped serving at 5.45 sharp . "
I was reminded of that exchange at our Girvan hotel , where breakfast was served between 8.30 and 9 am and if you missed that narrow window of opportunity , you went hungry .
Or went , in my case on Saturday , to chance your arm on the high street .
Outside the grandly - named Café Royale I found a sandwich board advertising a £ 5.20 breakfast of " sausage , egg , bacon , potato scone , tomato , black pudding , beans and a portion of chips " .
I walked swiftly , biliously , on and found another caff , where I ordered a bacon roll that was an affront to every pig ever put to death for its meat .
Boiled , pallid , fatty bacon on the worst kind of white roll – the kind that sticks to the roof of your mouth – rendered even more disgusting by a thick layer of butter - substitute , it was a disgrace .
And yet , for all that , my stomach will remember Girvan fondly .
The hatchet - faced woman who ran our dreadful hotel did us only one favour but it was a gigantic one ; she pointed us towards the nearby Harbourhead restaurant , where we ate every night .
Pebble - dashed and unpromising on the outside , and scarcely more promising within , the Harbourhead produced seafood fit for the gods , including the best fish and chips – haddock from the Irish Sea so fresh its mates probably had n't even noticed it was gone , enclosed in the lightest imaginable tempura batter – that I have ever tasted in a lifetime of eating fish and chips .
Moreover , the staff were charming and , when two ravenous scribes from The Observer looked in well after 10 one night , the chef cheerfully ploughed back into his closed kitchen and rustled up two huge platefuls of top - notch curry .
The Harbourhead achieved what I had considered impossible , all but obliterating the memories of some truly horrible gastronomic experiences north of the border .
I probably should n't add that the chef comes from Manchester .
Questions ?
Call Toll Free
1-800-405-7125 9am to
6 pm EST
Mon-Sun SEASONAL SALE 25 % to 60 % OFF Premium Green Screen Kits AVAIL 30 % to 70 % OFF on All New Photography Lighting Kits Chroma Key Green Screen Software Amazing Chroma Key Image editing software 123 Image Magic is an amazing chroma key application that enables you to edit your green screen or blue screen images .
Replace the background of any image with any sample or custom background image with 1 - click .
With 123 Image Magic , you can simply edit your image and upload it instantly to your Facebook and Picasa account .
No need to depend on other image editing applications now !
Powerful Chroma Key Software for Photos and videos 123 VideoMagic is an amazing video editing software that provides a simple way to remove green screen and substitute it with a digital background of your choice , in a professional manner .
123 VideoMagic is a self - contained chroma - key removal program that does not require Photoshop or other photo editing application to produce beautiful green screen photos .
Transform your photos & videos with Green Screen Software !
Discover a new world of innovative and magical possibilities with 123 VideoMagic Pro Video Editor .
Capture , record , edit , and merge videos ; superimpose still images , audios , and cool transitions .
Make fingertips burst into flames , buildings invisible , change the background of the presenter to Hawaii or get yourself shot with celebrities , 123 VideoMagic
Pro does it all !
Photography Lighting Kits BUY NOW & GET 30 - 70 % OFF
Create perfect lighting conditions for both indoor & outdoor shoots !
Premium Quality Lighting now at affordable rate !
Continuous Lighting
Kit Softbox Lighting
Kit Complete Green
Screen Kit Studio Lights and
Accessories Green Screen Kits , Backdrops and Accessories GREEN SCREEN KIT BACKGROUND
STAND KIT GREEN SCREEN
BACKDROPS GREEN BODY SUIT Our Complete Recording Studio Hardware provides you with stand , chroma key green and lights .
Learn More ... Background Stand Kit includes
background stand and green screen .
Learn More ...
Our Green Screen Muslin Backdrops are available in 3 sizes 5x7 ft , 10x12 ft & 10x20 ft .
Learn More ... Chroma Key Green Full Body
Suit is made of stretchable fabric , is close fitting and fits all sizes .
Learn More ... Learn More Buy Now Green Screen Background Image Packs Create exotic and exquisite photographs and videos with Background Image Packs effortlessly and swiftly .
Our Image Packs unfurl pictures ranging from shimmering oceans , exotic landscapes , dazzling Las Vegas , intricate patterns , sensational magazine covers , majestic monuments and much more .
These images can easily be used with 123 Video Magic Pro /123 Image Magic Chroma Key Software !
Enjoy Replacing backgrounds in no time !
Save $ 35 when you purchase 123 VideoMagic Pro Video Editor & All 12 Image Library Packs for a special price of $ 99 !
Offer Closes
1 , Oct 2020
Buy Now Read what happy clients have to say about 123 Video Magic  Video Editing Software 123 VideoMagic
Pro is one of the best green screen softwares I have come across !
I ca n’t run my office without it !
It has helped me to expand my business to many folds .
Anzlena Robinson
Hi , I have recently purchased a Complete Lighting Kit from your store for my photo studio and its really great .
Precise light
falls on the subject which helps in amazing shoots .
Having excellent photography experience !
Thanks guys !
Larry C. Brown
123 VideoMagic Software Green Screen Support © Copyright 2020 SoftwareDepotOnline
Perhaps the single most beneficial piece of legislation that the United States Congress has enacted during my lifetime is the Bayh - Dole Act , codified in Chapter 18 of Title 35 of the United States Code , enacted in 1980 and named after co-sponsored Senators Birch Bayh of Indiana and Robert Dole of Kansas .
Everyone who knows anything about patent law , technology transfer or research and development at Universities through the United States will tell you that Bayh - Dole has been a complete and total success , probably even a success beyond the wildest dreams of anyone .
As a result , other countries are copying the legislation and trying to get it past in hopes of reaping the same benefits the US has received .
South Africa is considering adopting is own version of Bayh - Dole legislation , and India is also considering legislation that would lead to increased University patenting .
At the same time , here in the United States I cannot help but notice that increasingly Universities , or perhaps it is better to say researchers and professors at Universities , want their cake and eat it too .
They all seem to enjoy the benefits of Bayh - Dole , but increasingly there is louder and louder chatter that patents harm innovation , and particularly research .
This position is pure and utter nonsense , shows a complete misunderstanding of the patent laws , demonstrates a failure to appreciate history , and is more than a little bit hypocritical if you ask me .
In essence , the United States federal government provides seed money to Universities for the purpose of conducting research , typically research into what would be referred to as “ pure science . ”
This is important because there is no guarantee the such research and development will yield results , making such research and development speculative in the eyes of industry .
When such pure science research is successful and appears promising patents are filed , obtained and licensed to business , with small businesses receiving preference .
The funds that return to the Universities are then typically redirected back into further research in the lab responsible for the break through leading to the patents , sometimes dollar for dollar .
Thus , what the federal government has set up is a perfect balance .
Pure science is conducted where it is best suited , by highly talented and motivated scientists .
Technology ultimately researches the public through the business that license granted patents .
These same business then pay royalties that fund further research and development .
It is no wonder that the Economist magazine has referred to Bayh - Dole as “ perhaps the most inspired piece of legislation to be enacted in America over the past half - century . ”
I even remember hearing Vice - President Joe Biden , back when he was just Senator Biden , remark several years ago that the U.S. does not have to presently be concerned about other countries ( he was talking about China ) overtaking us technology wise because other countries do not invest in technology nearly as much as the federal government does in America .
Senator Biden even cited to Bayh - Dole as an enormous success , saying something to the effect that – as long as other countries do not legislate something like Bayh - Dole we have nothing to worry about .
Well Mr. Vice - President , other countries are starting to do just that .
They see the tremendous benefits of Bayh - Dole , and yet many in the academic community , and those who have always had an anti-patent agenda , are combining in ways that spell disaster !
In the wake of other countries starting to follow our blueprint we are actually at a place in the intellectual property debate where people are openly talking about patents being bad and impeding research and development , as if it were true and as if something needs to be done about it .
What those in academia fail to understand is that they cannot accept the benefits of Bayh - Dole and then claim that what they are doing should be exempt from following the same patent laws and rules that the rest of us in the real world have to face .
It is fundamentally unfair to complain that patents are preventing them from researching when what they would do is research without regard to patents and then invent , patent themselves and license out into industry .
This is absurd !
What makes this worth writing about at the present moment is that there is a strange confluence of events transpiring within the United States , the likes of which we have never seen .
Never before , at least in my lifetime and I think for several lifetimes , have the rules so fundamentally be tilted in favor of certain companies favored by the government .
Our government is injecting trillions of dollars into the economy by way of “ stimulus ” and through the Federal Reserve .
We now own the largest insurance company of them all , several US automakers and we control , if we do not outright own , much of the banking sector .
The “ we ” is the people of the United States , but we might as well just be shareholders at the whim of a Board gone wild , and seemingly hell - bent on doing what they think is best for short - term gain and expediency .
Never before would I have thought it possible that rules could be put in place that would so unfairly help one group while at the same time ignoring the many who are similarly situated .
While it is good news ( at least in my opinion ) that the United States Supreme Court ruled yesterday that discrimination against white Americans is illegal , I ca n’t for the life of me understand why anyone in Congress could ever think it would be acceptable to tax health care benefits for all Americans save those who are Union members .
Sometimes I think I am dreaming and this nightmare will be over soon , but this is far more realistic than any dream I have ever had , so I have to believe I am awake and this is REALLY happening .
With all of this going on , and the fact that intellectual honesty seems to no longer be in vogue , I fear that it is only a matter of time before those who say patents stifle innovation and prevent research will have said it enough that people will start believing it like it is actually true .
Forget that there is no proof , aside from some cooked up economists who do n’t understand inventing and refuse to acknowledge that designing around happens by those who are not lazy and those who complain do n’t have the energy to design around and simply want to infringe without penalty .
This is vitally important and at some point those of us who really understand patent law , who really understand inventing and innovation and starting business and growing an economy , must stand up and be heard .
We cannot allow ourselves to be drowned out because in the Internet Era where even TV time moves too slow , those with agendas who are willing to bend the truth and outright lie can and will steal the debate , and then it might just be too late to do anything .
Bayh - Dole is and remains wonderful legislation .
It is brilliantly conceived and has worked beyond the imagination of anyone , which is why other countries are going to adopt their own similar legislation .
Notwithstanding , Bayh - Dole cannot and must not come to mean there is an unfair advantage for academia over the private sector .
If they are interested in playing the patent game and using patents to build up prestige , obtain grants , license technology for royalty payments , then they are no longer in the business of “ pure science . ”
They are in the business of doing the critical foundational research that the private sector would not and could not support , all with an eye toward making a buck .
This is true , we all know it to be the case , and we must not allow the pursuit of economic riches by Universities to lead to a place where they can ignore patents owned by the private sector .
Simply said , they cannot have their cake and eat it too !
Downloads
4911 total ( 55 in the last 30 days )
Cash machines offer an ever - growing menu of services beyond merely dispensing money .
For tampering criminals , this now includes a squirt of pepper spray in the face .
The extreme measure is the latest in South Africa 's escalating war against armed robbers who target banks and cash delivery vans .
The number of cash machines blown up with explosives has risen from 54 in 2006 to 387 in 2007 and nearly 500 last year .
The technology uses cameras to detect people tampering with the card slots .
Another machine then ejects pepper spray to stun the culprit while police response teams race to the scene .
But the mechanism backfired in one incident last week when pepper spray was inadvertently inhaled by three technicians who required treatment from paramedics .
Patrick Wadula , spokesman for the Absa bank , which is piloting the scheme , told the Mail & Guardian Online : " During a routine maintenance check at an Absa ATM in Fish Hoek , the pepper spray device was accidentally activated .
" At the time there were no customers using the ATM .
However , the spray spread into the shopping centre where the ATMs are situated . "
In conjunction with the police , Absa is using the technology at 11 sites , identified as high - risk by branch managers .
If successful , it will be expanded to cash machines around the country .
Transporting money is one of South Africa 's most risky occupations .
In May a Group 4 security guard was killed in Johannesburg when a gang used explosives to blow open a cash transit van .
His partner was shot in the back as he tried to escape .
In case you ever of the mindset that e-cigarettes were somehow toxin free , at least compared to the more traditional smokes , along comes the FDA to shatter your illusions .
A report this week from the government agency calls out the product with a safety warning , charging that the cartridges they examined contained " carcinogens and toxic chemicals such as diethylene glycol , an ingredient used in antifreeze . "
The FDA says it can't confirm the extent of the health issues , as it's only done limited testing and it has n't been formally submitted for review , but it does n't look quite as risk - free as previously touted .
Do n't say the WHO never warned ya .
So remind us again , what 's the point in smoking one of these over an old school cigarette ? [ Via Switched ; thanks , flatlander85 ]
A fun little experiment you can try at home using a simple round plastic container , a strip of cloth , some dry ice , and a soapy solution .
Check it out :
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
Following recent threats from Activision of pulling support from the PlayStation platform , Capcom has joined in and answered if they as well would also leave the brand .
On the US PlayStation Blog , user commedieu asked the question , “ Is capcom gunna stop support of the PS3 / PSP in the future like activision is ? ” , Shawn Baxter replied :
“ I do n’t see that happening .
Monster Hunter has sold over 8.5 million on the PSP worldwide . ”
There you have it : Capcom will still be supporting the PlayStation brand .
It ’s unfortunate that Activision has infused so much doubt into the gaming community , but it ’s doubtful that other companies will follow suit .
[ Source ]
President Barack Obamas Chief Information Officer Vivek Kundra announced this morning the launch of an IT dashboard that allows people to see how the federal government is spending taxpayer dollars on information technology projects .
Announced at the Personal Democracy Forum in New York , the IT dashboard , allows users to view data for various federal agencies , including major investments and dollars spent , as well to view the health of projects through graphs comparing planned and actual expenditures .
Kundra said the IT dashboard represents a democratizing of information .
The data used is available on the government 's data.gov site , Kundra said , but the dashboard makes accessing and understanding the raw numbers much easier .
Contact information for the Chief Information Officers of each agency are also available via the dashboard .
We cant make policy behind closed doors anymore , said Beth Noveck , the U.S. deputy chief technology officer for open government .
She said that her department , the Office of Science and Technology Policy , uses feedback from its blogs to develop recommendations for policies .
Personal Democracy Forum founder Andrew Rasiej described it as open - source policy making .
The technology behind the IT dashboard isnt perfect yet , Kundra acknowledged , nor is all information on government spending integrated into the IT dashboard .
Whether data on the AIG or General Motors bailouts would be made available , for example , is still being explored for later .
Kelly Alwood did n't say a word as he handcuffed my hands behind my back , opened the trunk of a rental car , and ordered me to get inside .
With his shaven head , which looked like it could break bottles ; his glassy brown eyes , which revealed no emotion whatsoever ; and the .3 " calibre pistol hanging from a chain around his neck , he did n't seem like the kind of person to cross .
As he shut the trunk over my head , the blue sky of Oklahoma City disappeared , replaced by claustrophobic darkness and new - car smell .
Instantly , panic set in .
I took a deep breath and tried to remember what I 'd learned .
I curled my right leg as far up my body as it would go and dipped my cuffed hands down until I could reach my sock .
Inside , I 'd stashed the straight half of a hairpin , which I 'd modified by making a perpendicular bend a quarter inch from the top .
I removed the pin , stuck the bent end into the inner edge of the handcuff keyhole , and twisted the pin down against the lever inside until I felt it give way .
As I twisted my wrist against the metal , I heard a fast series of clicks , the sound of freedom as the two ends of the cuff disengaged .
I released my hands , then made a discovery few people who have n't been stuffed inside a trunk know : most new cars have a release handle on the inside of the boot that , conveniently , glows in the dark .
I pulled on the handle and emerged into the light .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" Thirty - nine seconds , " Alwood said as I climbed out of the trunk .
" Not bad . "
I could n't believe classes like this even existed .
In the last 48 hours , I 'd learned to hot - wire a car , pick locks , conceal my identity , evade attack dogs , and escape from handcuffs , flexi- cuffs , duct tape , rope , and nearly every other type of restraint .
The course was called Urban Escape and Evasion , which offered the type of instruction I 'd been looking for to quell my anxieties about the headlines I read in the newspapers every day , threatening riots , terrorism , economic collapse , and citywide strikes .
The objective of the class was to learn to survive in a city that had turned into a battleground .
Most of the students were soldiers and contractors who'd either been in Iraq or were about to go , and wanted to know how to safely get back to the green zone if trapped behind enemy lines .
The class was run by a company called onPoint Tactical .
Its founder , Kevin Reeve , had been the director of Tracker School , America 's pre-eminent wilderness survival centre , before setting off on his own to train Navy SEALs , Special Forces units , SWAT teams , paratroopers , marines , and snipers .
As a bounty hunter , his partner , Alwood , had worked with the FBI and Secret Service to help capture criminals on the Most Wanted list .
For our next exercise , we walked inside to a shooting range behind the classroom where an obstacle course had been set up .
Alwood handcuffed me again , adding leg chains to my feet .
I then ran as fast as I could through the course , ducking under and climbing over chairs and benches , simulating a prison escape .
" We 're nine meals away from chaos in this country , " Reeve lectured afterward , explaining that after just three days without food , people would be rioting in the streets .
" With gas and corn prices so high , recent events have made it much more likely that you 'll be needing urban escape and evasion skills in this lifetime . "
To prove his point , Reeve told us of gangs of armed looters that ransacked neighbourhood after neighbourhood in New Orleans during Hurricane Katrina .
" One of the police officers there told me they shot on sight three people out past curfew , " he added .
For some reason , I was more disturbed by the idea of killer cops than marauding gangs .
Maybe it was because of the recurring nightmares I used to have as a teenager about being mistaken for someone else and taken to jail .
In the dreams , I 'd be so petrified during the ride to prison that I usually woke up in a cold sweat before I ever made it there .
Since then , I 'd come to realise it was n't actually jail I was scared of in those dreams , but the loss of freedom that it represented .
As the sun set , we drove to an abandoned junkyard , where Reeve let us practice throwing chips of ceramic insulation from spark plugs to shatter car windows , using generic keys , known as jigglers , to open automobile doors , and starting cars by sticking a screwdriver in the ignition and turning it with a wrench .
As I popped open the trunk on a Dodge with my new set of jigglers , I thought : " This is the coolest class I 've ever taken in my life . "
If I 'd had these skills in school , I definitely would have been expelled .
Over a barbecue dinner later that night , Reeve asked why I 'd signed up for the course .
" I think things have changed for my generation , " I told him .
" We were born with a silver spoon in our mouths , but now it 's being removed .
And most of us never learned how to take care of ourselves .
So I 've spent the last two years trying to get the skills and documents I need to prepare for an uncertain future . "
I 'd never actually verbalised the source of my anxieties before .
Reeve looked at Alwood silently as I spoke .
For a moment , I worried that I 'd been too candid .
Then he smiled broadly .
" You 're talking to the right people .
That 's what we 've been thinking .
Kelly has caches all over this country - and in Europe . "
On the first day of class , Reeve had taught us all about caches - hiding places where food , equipment , and other survival supplies can be stored away from home , whether buried in the ground or stashed in a bus-station locker .
" The thing with caches is that you have to be able to survive if one is compromised , " Alwood explained .
" So each one has to contain everything you need : gun , ammo , food , water . "
" You 'll need lots of ammo , " Reeve added , " because that will be the currency of the future . "
I pulled out my survival to - do list and added , " Make caches . "
I 'd noticed that the way people prepare for TEOTWAWKI ( survivalist slang for " the end of the world as we know it " ) has a lot to do with their view of human nature .
If you 're a Fliesian like Alwood and Reeve and you think that without the rules of society to restrain them , people will become violent and selfish , then you 'll build a secret retreat , stockpile guns , and start a militia .
If you 're a humanist , and believe people are essentially compassionate , then you 'll create a commune , invite everyone , and try to work in harmony together .
In case of disaster , Alwood and Reeve had their own list of essentials : water , food , defence , energy , retreat , medical , and network .
So far in my disaster - preparedness training , I 'd found no groups where I felt like I belonged .
The billionaires were out of my league .
The PTs ( permanent travellers ) were too paranoid about Big Brother .
The survivalists were too extreme about guns and religion .
The primitivists were too opposed to technology and modern culture .
And the growing tide of doomsdayers seemed more interested in trying to prove their predictions than do anything about them .
And unless you 're Robert Neville in I Am Legend – and even he died at the end – the best way to survive WTSHTF will be to have a well - organised team with members cross - trained in every necessary skill .
I 'd recently read a book called Patriots by an infamous survival blogger named James Wesley Rawles .
A how - to book disguised as fiction , Patriots tells of a future in which inflation has made the dollar worthless , leading to social , economic , and government collapse .
Fortunately , a group of eight friends has been training and stockpiling supplies for years - Just in Case .
So they hole up in a compound in rural Idaho and , thanks to their military organisation , survival skills , Christian values , and weapons expertise , successfully fend off looters , gangs , and even the United Nations .
The lengths they go to in order to accomplish this are not just extreme , they 're inspirational .
They build a 900 - gallon diesel storage tank , a solar pump and 3,500 - gallon water cistern , a 57 ft - high wooden tower for a wind generator , seven camouflaged foxholes to ambush intruders , and bulletproof steel - plated doors and window shutters .
And that 's just a small fraction of their preparations .
They even add an extra fuel tank to their vehicles , which inspired me to look into doing the same .
But who did I have to hang out with for TEOTWAWKI ?
No one .
" Now you do , " Reeve replied when I shared my thoughts .
" You can always come to us . "
" But you can't come to us tomorrow , " Alwood said , a cruel smile forming .
Tomorrow was our final exam .
" Because we 'll be hunting you in the streets . "
It was 9 am on Sunday morning and I was in the backseat of a Range Rover , handcuffed again .
This time , it was to another student .
His name was Michael , and he was preparing to work in Iraq as a truck driver for Halliburton .
He was trying to earn money , he said , to open a laundromat .
" Everyone has to wash their clothes , " he explained , the dollar signs practically glinting in his eyes .
Reeve had driven us 10 minutes outside downtown Oklahoma City , confiscated our bags , and left us handcuffed in the SUV in a parking lot in a desolate part of town .
If we were caught anywhere in the city by Reeve and his cohorts – most of them bounty hunters and military trainers – we'd be put in restraints , thrown in the back seat of their car , and dropped off miles away to start all over again .
Luckily , I had internalised the first lesson of urban survival : planning .
I 'd spent the previous night locating supplies , hiding them in caches , and finding collaborators in the city .
To make sure my hairpin pick was n't confiscated , I 'd made a thin slit in the seam of my shirt collar and stashed it inside .
I pulled it out and undid my handcuffs , then Michael's .
Beneath the Range Rover floor mat was an envelope containing the first of several tasks we 'd need to execute in downtown Oklahoma City to prove we 'd learned to successfully navigate a dangerous urban environment .
Our first assignment was to meet an agent wearing a black hat in the Bass Pro Shop in an area known as Bricktown and use persuasion engineering to get her to reveal our next mission .
Bricktown was a long walk away – especially since we'd get caught by bounty hunters if we took the main streets .
Nearby , however , there was an Enterprise Rent - A - Car office ; perhaps someone there would give us a ride .
The only customer inside was a young , muscular man in a large sleeveless basketball jersey .
He was at least six inches taller than me and three times as thick .
His face was crisscrossed with scars .
So I asked him for a ride .
" Our friends dropped us off here as a joke , and we have to make it back to Bricktown .
Is there any way we can get a lift ? "
" Do you got any guns or drugs on you ? " he asked .
That was n't exactly the response I 'd expected .
" No , definitely not , " we reassured him .
" I 'll give you a ride then , " he grunted , " but I gotta warn you , if I 'm pulled over by the police , I 'm not gonna be nice to them . "
I did n't know what he meant exactly , but it was scary as fuck .
In that moment , I realised this was n't a game .
This was a real city , and this was real life .
Yet we followed him outside to a black Chevy Tahoe and climbed inside anyway .
This , I realised as he drove us into town , was how people got killed .
Evidently , in my mind , the law of conservation of energy had overruled the principles of common sense .
As he drove into town , he handed me his card .
Underneath his name were the words " credit doctor " .
" If you ever need your credit repaired , I can do it overnight - for the right price , " he informed me .
He , too , was an urban survivalist of sorts , with his own method of beating the system .
He dropped us off in an alley in Bricktown where I 'd cached a bag of disguises the night before .
In a lecture on urban camouflage , Reeve and Alwood had taught us there was a certain category of people in cities called invisible men .
If the city is a network of veins , invisible men are the white blood cells : they work to keep it clean .
They 're the janitors with bundles of keys on their belt loops , the alarm servicemen with clipboards and work orders , the UPS men hidden behind piles of boxes , and the construction workers with hard hats , safety vests , and tool belts .
In these disguises , Reeve and Alwood said , we could walk unnoticed into almost any event .
However , since Alwood and Reeve had taught us these disguises , I knew they'd be looking for invisible men .
But what they would n't be looking for was an invisible woman .
I slid under the back porch of a Hooters restaurant and found my bag of disguises .
Miraculously , it was still intact in a small ditch in the rear of the crawl space where I 'd cached it the night before .
I grabbed the bag , climbed out , and entered a small corridor of shops above while Michael waited in the alley .
Inside , I found a public restroom and began my transformation .
First I shaved my moustache and goatee in the bathroom mirror .
Then I stepped into the stall and put on a flowery yellow cardigan I 'd bought at Wal - Mart , after having seen a nondescript woman wearing a similar top .
I removed my cargo pants and replaced them with women 's black dress slacks , then swapped my sneakers for yellow flat shoes .
Next , I pulled out a purse I 'd stuffed with the rest of my disguise : hat , wig , sunglasses , clip - on earrings , and makeup my girlfriend , Katie , had recommended – face powder , mascara , and lipstick .
I left the stall to put on the hat and wig .
Gazing at my reflection in the bathroom mirror , I realised , to my disappointment , that I did n't even make a good transvestite , let alone a passable woman .
I hoped Katie 's make - up tips would help .
I powdered my face , which helped conceal the faint outline of my freshly shaven beard .
But as I was pulling out the mascara , the bathroom door swung open and a thick - necked college student with a crew cut and a striped button - down shirt stumbled in .
His face was patchy and red , as if he'd been drinking .
He looked at me , and slurred : " What the fuck are you doing ? "
" I 'm doing a class exercise , " I blurted , hoping it would sound normal enough to calm him down .
Then again , I was in a men's room in Oklahoma , dressed like a woman .
" What the fuck are you ? "
I was n't so sure I understood the question , but I tried to answer anyway .
" I 'm being chased by bounty hunters , and I need to dress like a woman so they do n't recognise me . "
He glared at me and knitted his brow .
I tried to clarify : " It 's for a course I 'm taking on urban evasion . "
In response , he opened the bathroom door and yelled into the corridor .
" Hey , broheim [ brother ] , get a look at this . "
Seconds later , " broheim " walked into the bathroom .
He was bigger than his friend , and just as drunk .
" What do we have here ? " he asked as soon as he saw me .
At this point , I was sure I was going to get my ass kicked .
With the two of them blocking the exit , I needed to put my survival skills to use immediately .
Unfortunately , there were no locks to pick and no cars to hot - wire .
And instead of my Springfield XD automatic pistol , I was carrying a handbag .
In the course of my training , I 'd learned that force respects greater force .
So I ripped my hat and wig off in one motion , mustered as much toughness as I could , and told them coolly and firmly , " I 'm in the fucking marines .
We 're doing a drill in the city .
Now back the fuck out before I get the rest of my battalion . "
The thick - necked guy who started it all stared for a moment at my shaven head and then said , sheepishly : " I guess you are in the marines . "
Thank God I had n't attached the clip - on earrings yet .
I made a mental note to add another skill to my survival to - do list : hand - to - hand combat .
I could n't be a runner all my life .
The only reason they were leaving was that they thought I was a fighter .
I was reminded of something I 'd been told at Tracker School when they were teaching us to hunt : " A fleeing animal is a vulnerable animal . "
After they backed out of the bathroom , I quickly changed into my jeans and tennis shoes again .
Then I put on a military - green cap I 'd bought , glasses , and a flannel shirt .
With my facial hair gone , I hoped I 'd be difficult enough to recognise .
I 'd learned my lesson : cross -dressing is not an urban survival tactic .
It 's an urban suicide tactic .
When I returned to the alley , my urban escape team was waiting for me .
Michael had been joined by four locals I 'd recruited by posting a bulletin on MySpace the previous night , asking for volunteers in Oklahoma City for a top - secret mission .
( Evidently , there 's not much to do in Oklahoma City on a Sunday afternoon . )
Because the instructors had divided us into pairs , I hoped to escape their notice by moving in a larger group .
Sticking to alleys , parks , and industrial areas , we made our way to the Bass Pro Shop and safely carried out the first few missions .
But then I made the mistake of leaving the group to grab another cache , which included a set of lock - picking tools .
As Reeve had taught us , " Once you learn lock - picking , the world is your oyster . "
I found the cache behind a pile of sandbags lying along the banks of the city 's canal .
But as I made my way back to the group , I noticed a bounty hunter on a bridge above .
He had n't spotted me yet .
But he would soon .
There did n't appear to be anywhere to hide or run – except for a door on the side of the bridge .
I tried the knob .
It was locked .
I grabbed my lock - picking tools , found a pick with a flat underside , stuck it inside the lock , and raked it against the pins .
There were five of them .
I selected a thin pick with an S - shaped end known as a snake and stuck it into the lock .
At the bottom of the lock , I inserted a tension wrench .
As I raked the snake along the pins , I pressed gently downward on the handle of the tension wrench .
After a few minutes , the wrench began to turn .
I pushed slightly harder on the wrench and , with a click , the door was open .
This class was better than my entire college education .
I needed to remember this was n't a game .
This was reality and it could have consequences .
After emerging 15 minutes later , I rejoined my team and completed the remaining assignments , which mostly involved finding and photographing survival locations and items in the city : a water source , food source , daytime hiding location , safe place to sleep at night , easy - to - steal car , and an item that could be turned into a stabbing weapon .
This could just as easily have been a Fagin - like class for future career criminals .
But like most governments , police forces , and armies , by calling ourselves the good guys , we had full permission to do any bad things we wanted – that is , until other people who thought they were the good guys felt otherwise .
While looking for water ( available from several fountains ) and food ( available from edible plants and public ponds stocked with fish ) , I accidentally found several caches in the bushes made by homeless people .
One contained a frying pan , the other a plastic bag with blankets inside .
Between the cracks of the city , there was another world .
And in that world , I learned , it was possible to live with no name and no money .
I 'd never thought of the homeless as survivalists before .
After completing our assignments , we reported back to Kevin .
" How'd you get everything done so quickly without getting noticed ? " he asked suspiciously .
Though I was worried he 'd accuse me of cheating , I told him the truth : I 'd recruited a scout and camouflage team on MySpace .
" I saw those guys , but I had no idea who they were .
That goes down as one of the all - time great class stories . "
I was relieved .
Unlike wilderness survival , urban survival had no restrictions .
Whatever worked was permissible .
And that 's why it appealed to me .
After all , living like our primitive ancestors does n't necessarily mean using sticks and stones .
It means using every resource available and any means possible .
Thanks to Reeve and Alwood , I was finally ready to aggregate the skills I 'd learned and conduct a trial run of the apocalypse to make sure I was fully prepared .
That is , after I called the Krav Maga centre in Los Angeles and signed up for street fighting lessons .
I was n't going to get caught defenceless in a bathroom dressed as a woman again .
This is an edited extract from ' Emergency ' , by Neil Strauss , published by Canongate Books .
To order a copy for £ 10.79 with free P&P call Independent Books Direct on 08700 798 897 , or visit www.independentbooksdirect.co.uk.
Survival language :
What you need to know
WTSHTF is short for When The Shit Hits The Fan .
And , as disastrous as that may sound , it 's not nearly as bad as EOTWAWKI – The End Of The World As We Know It .
Bugging out is slang for leaving your home to go somewhere safe .
To do so , you 'll want a bug - out bag ( or BOB ) full of survival supplies for the road ; a bug - out vehicle ( or BOV ) , to get you out of the impact zone and through traffic as quickly as possible ; and a bug - out location ( or BOL ) stocked with enough provisions to get you through whatever crisis is occurring .
So , in short , WTSHTF , you 're going to want a BOB to put in your BOV to go to your BOL – where you 'll pray it is n't the EOTWAWKI .
Key skills :
How to evade pursuit vehicles
1. MODIFY YOUR VEHICLE
Prepare ahead of time with , at a minimum , run - flat tyres that will operate at high speeds when punctured .
If possible , also add high - quality shocks and springs , bullet - resistant windows , stainless - steel brake linings , a heavy - duty radiator , and dual - ram bumpers .
If you want to get serious , add layers of Kevlar on the car interior , ballistic wrap around your petrol tank , a dual battery system , an electric - shock system on the car exterior , and steel plates ( with gaps for airflow ) protecting the engine .
Keep in mind that any additional weight will affect the car 's handling .
2. STOP THE CHASE BEFORE IT HAPPENS
Quickly disable unoccupied pursuit vehicles by sticking a knife into their tyre sidewalls or shattering their front windshields .
3. BLIND THE ENEMY
Carry a handheld spotlight or 500 - plus - lumen flashlight to shine into the eyes of pursuiing drivers .
Ideally , install spotlights or flashing strobe lights on your vehicle .
4. DISGUISE YOUR CAR
Create a panel of switches to independently control the lights of your vehicle , so you can become near - invisible at night .
Keep night vision goggles in your car so you can drive in the dark .
5. STAY IN CONTROL
The goal in a car pursuit is not to be the fastest , but not to crash .
Unless you have a far superior car to those of your enemies , try not to exceed a safe speed , so you can remain in control of your car .
6. LEARN EVASIVE DRIVING
Practice evasive driving manoeuvres , like effective cornering ..
If the pursuit vehicle is trying to pit you ( by ramming your rear side panel and causing you to spin out ) , continually brake and accelerate .
7. CLOSE THE DRIVER'S - SIDE GAP
Never let a car pull alongside you , especially on the driver 's side .
To prevent this , do n't leave a lane open on the driver 's side of the car .
If the enemy is still able to get in position for a drive - by attack , slam on the brakes .
8. SEEK COVER
If you need to abandon the vehicle , pull in front of a crowded , covered area , such as a shopping mall .
Walk inside and lose yourself in the crowd .
If possible , carry a shopping bag with a razor , change of clothes , and other identity concealment gear .
If there 's no crowded space nearby , find a dense area with cover , like a forest , where only foot pursuit is possible .
A Space Program for the Rest of Us
Rand Simberg
Four decades have passed since the first small step on the dusty surface of our nearest neighbor in the solar system in 1969 .
It has been almost that long since the last man to walk on the Moon did so in late 1972 .
The Apollo missions were a stunning technological achievement and a significant Cold War victory for the United States .
However , despite the hope of observers at the time — and despite the nostalgia and mythology that now cloud our memory —
Apollo was not the first step into a grand human future in space .
From the perspective of forty years , Apollo , for all its glory , can now be seen as a detour away from a sustainable human presence in space .
By and large , the NASA programs that succeeded Apollo have kept us heading down that wrong path : Toward more bureaucracy .
Toward higher costs .
And away from innovation , from risk - taking , and from any concept of space as a useful place .
In a sense , Apollo occurred too soon .
Had you asked the boldest science fiction writers in , say , 1954 whether men would walk on the Moon within a decade and a half , they would have scoffed — and justifiably so .
Even though writers of fiction and nonfiction alike had theorized for decades about putting objects into orbit , and even though work was already underway in 1954 to put the first small unmanned satellites into orbit , the notion that we could develop so rapidly the capability to put men on the Moon on a politically feasible budget would have seemed ludicrous .
President Kennedy visiting Cape Canaveral six days before his assassination .
[ JFK Presidential Library and Museum ]
Unforeseeable in 1954 were the historical contingencies that led to the Apollo program ’s conception : the panicked public reaction to Sputnik in the United States in 1957 ; the young and charismatic Cold War president who ran and won on the issue of a “ missile gap ” with the Soviet Union in 1960 ; the Soviets ’ success in putting the first man in orbit in the third month of the young presidency ; and that president ’s humiliation at the Bay of Pigs .
And who could have known that , just thirty months after announcing the goal “ before this decade is out , of landing a man on the Moon and returning him safely to the Earth , ” the young president would be cut down — leaving the nation , and the next president , to meet the goal now consecrated to his memory ?
In the blink of an eye , a subject purely in the realm of science fiction became science fact — and a major cultural phenomenon , not to mention a huge government program .
At its funding peak during the Apollo years , NASA consumed over four percent of the entire federal budget .
The funding would not have flowed so freely if not for the urgency of the race with the Soviets .
Had the Soviets been rushing not up to space but down to the bottom of the Marianas Trench ( which had in fact just been reached in 1960 ) , the United States would have spent lavishly to get there first .
Had Kennedy not been assassinated and had he won a second term , he might well have ended the Apollo program himself as it became clear that we were winning the space race and as the race became less urgent in the face of other national priorities .
A couple of months before his death , Kennedy even told NASA Administrator James Webb that he “ was n’t that interested in space . ”
And that has been NASA ’s fundamental problem ever since .
The American people and their representatives in Congress are just not that interested in space , and never have been , going all the way back to Apollo .
And it shows in our space policy , which has from the start been confused and contradictory .
America ’s Space Strategy Schizophrenia
Apollo inadvertently and quite unfortunately established the paradigm for how the United States would conduct human spaceflight : a government agency would be given a large budget , make plans for the next major steps , determine the single best way to carry them out , and hire contractors to implement the plan .
It was essentially the same way the Russians ran their space program , except instead of competing contractors the Soviets had competing design bureaus .
In fact , the Soviets ’ program was similar enough to the Americans ’ that they might have beaten us to the Moon .
It truly was a race , and potentially a close one , despite claims by some revisionists that the adversaries were never really racing at all .
The Apollo 1 fire that killed three astronauts on the launch pad in 1967 was a major setback ; it took extraordinary efforts and a major redesign to get NASA back on track to meet the goal in 1969 .
The gutsy decision to send the Apollo 8 astronauts around the Moon at Christmas in 1968 , given the shaky ( literally ) track record of the Saturn V rocket at the time , was made partly out of fear that the Soviets were about to beat us to that accomplishment , if not actually land .
Today ’s NASA would never take such a gamble , because space , unlike the Cold War , is not deemed sufficiently important to risk astronauts ’ lives in that way .
With the end of Apollo , NASA had a problem .
It had established a vast infrastructure for conducting human spaceflight , with lots of jobs in politically sensitive congressional districts and states — primarily Florida , Texas , Alabama , and California .
The location of many of those jobs was a result of an unspoken goal of the Apollo program : Lyndon Johnson ’s desire to use it as a means to industrialize the South .
But as Apollo wound down , the agency had nothing to do with its hard - won capabilities , and if it started layoffs , it would be sending engineers into a rough job market in the wake of post - Vietnam defense cuts .
So the agency lobbied for something new to do .
There was certainly no shortage of proposals .
In September 1969 , just two months after the first Moon landing , a Space Task Group led by Vice President Spiro Agnew suggested options for NASA ’s future that included lunar bases by the end of the 1970s and a manned mission to Mars in the mid-1980s , including a reusable launch system to make it all possible .
This grand plan was a dud — but it helped kick off studies internal to NASA of a reusable vehicle that could dramatically reduce the cost of access to space .
Officially dubbed the National Space Transportation System but better known as the space shuttle , this reusable vehicle would serve all of the nation ’s launch needs : those of NASA , of the commercial space sector ( to the limited degree that such a thing existed at the time ) , and of the military .
The latter , the potential military applications of the shuttle , especially appealed to President Nixon and to conservatives in Congress .
And so , in 1972 — as the Apollo lunar missions were winding down and the final Apollo - related missions ( three manned trips to the Skylab station , and a joint mission with the Soviets ) were in preparation — President Nixon gave NASA the green light to develop the space shuttle .
We now know that the shuttle was a mistake .
It has not lowered the cost of access to space ; it has not made access to space more routine ; it has not proven safe .
The shuttle had to meet too many requirements — it had to be everything for everyone , but on an insufficient budget to do all that was required .
Because it had to carry a certain class of classified military payloads , it was very big .
Because it originally had no space station to go to , it had to serve as a sort of mini-station itself with a multi-day orbital capability .
Early plans to launch the shuttle with booster rockets that could fly back and land on a runway were scrapped in favor of solid rocket boosters that parachuted into the ocean ; these had a much higher recurring cost , and one of them destroyed Challenger in 1986 .
Because of the payload requirement and the lack of funding , the shuttle uses an external fuel tank ( the tall , rust - colored part of the shuttle ) that is just discarded after each launch ; this wastefulness dramatically increased costs , and the tank ’s foam insulation was responsible for the loss of Columbia in 2003 .
Similar problems characterized the history of the space station .
Plans for a space station had been on drawing boards since the 1960s , and one of the declared purposes of the space shuttle was to build and service a station — but it was n’t until the shuttle started flying in the early 1980s that the idea of a station acquired any political momentum because , once again , NASA needed work to keep its cafeterias and parking lots full in Houston and Huntsville and Titusville .
Because of the cost , only a single space station was considered affordable ; that meant , like the shuttle , the one station would have to do everything for everybody ; that , in turn , resulted in conflicting requirements that raised costs even further ; and so in the end it became a self - fulfilling prophecy that only one station would be affordable .
President Ronald Reagan announced the plans for a space station in 1984 .
It was supposed to be built in time for the Columbus quincentennial in 1992 , but the first piece of hardware for it was n’t even launched until 1998 .
But no one was fired .
No one lost an election because the space station was n’t flying in 1992 .
Because it was n’t really important to have a space station .
All that was important was to have a space station program , with all that entailed for jobs in all the right states and congressional districts .
For years , the space station program gave the appearance of a nation advancing in space even though we were making no discernible progress toward actually building a space station .
In fact , the space station program almost died in 1993 , barely surviving a congressional effort to end it , after which the Clinton administration transformed the planned station into a tool of diplomacy .
As Vice President Al Gore , the chief supporter of this idea , put it , the new International Space Station would promote “ international cooperation . ”
In less lofty terms , it was to be a foreign aid program for Russia , paid out of NASA ’s budget instead of the State Department ’s .
The aim was to provide subsidies to Russian engineers and scientists to keep them from helping Iran and North Korea develop nuclear and missile technology ( some wags called it “ midnight basketball for the Russians ” ) .
It did n’t work : the Russians continued to supply rogue regimes with weaponry and technology .
And now , there were new reasons for slowdowns in the space station ’s schedule , as NASA had to wait for its international partners to deliver their hardware — sometimes delayed because money sent to the Russian space program ended up being spent on yachts , Mercedes , and dachas .
Today , more than twenty - five years after President Reagan first announced plans for a space station , the International Space Station is still under construction .
Leading up to the decisions that locked the United States into the shuttle program and then the space station , there were debates and proposals about what NASA should do next — but almost no public discussion of what , concretely , we were trying to accomplish in space .
This is the fundamental problem of American space policy : there is no consensus on why we should bother with space at all , and such a consensus is stymied by the fact that those few people who do care about manned spaceflight disagree about why it ’s worthwhile .
Some people argue that we should go to space for science ; others say we should go for the international prestige , or for the sheer adventure , or for the resources we might find ; still others say we should go to inspire future generations .
Some think all American hopes for spaceflight rest in NASA ; others think NASA is a dinosaur and only the private sector can sustain manned spaceflight .
And so for most of the last forty years , in the absence of a consensus about why we should go to space , the how has been an afterthought .
Policy decisions have just been carried along on the tide of current events and politics and personalities , with no overarching strategic purpose and with no definitive goal other than the preservation of jobs .
If you do n’t much care where you ’re going , “ it does n’t matter which way you go , ” as the Cheshire Cat said to Alice .
A New Direction
If it had not been for the Columbia disaster in 2003 , NASA would have continued to launch space shuttles uninterrupted and to build the space station , which would likely have been completed by now .
Perhaps once the station was finished , policymakers might have looked around and wondered what NASA should do next .
The old paradigm of the shuttle and station would have run its course .
But Columbia burned up with its crew in the early morning Texas sky , and even the staunchest defenders of the space shuttle had to throw in the towel and admit the time had come for a major change in the space program .
The Bush administration determined that what NASA needed was a new destination .
We had literally been flying in circles around Earth for over thirty years ; it was time to get on with heading out into the cosmos .
There was never much informed public discussion about what NASA was supposed to do when it got there — what seemed important was just for it to have a place to go .
The “ sand chart ” :
The budget NASA projected in 2004
Click here to open in PDF format . ] to open in PDF format . ]
Thus was born the Vision for Space Exploration , a very broad policy outline for NASA announced by President Bush in early 2004 .
The space shuttle would be retired in 2010 and succeeded by something called a “ Crew Exploration Vehicle , ” which NASA would use to send astronauts “ to the Moon , Mars , and beyond . ”
It was expected that this new vehicle would be available a decade later , by 2014 — four years after the shuttle ’s retirement , meaning that there would be a four - year gap during which we would have to rely on the Russians to get American astronauts to and from the International Space Station .
Americans would once again walk on the Moon by 2020 , and those lunar missions would give us “ experience and knowledge , ” as President Bush put it , that we could use for subsequent “ human missions to Mars and to worlds beyond . ”
All of this would be done within a specified budget profile ( nicknamed the “ sand chart ” because of its appearance ; see chart at right ) .
To help NASA fill in the details of this broad outline , President Bush appointed a commission , headed by Edward “ Pete ” Aldridge , former Secretary of the Air Force , chief executive of the Aerospace Corporation , and Under Secretary of Defense Acquisition , among other noteworthy accomplishments .
In mid-2004 , the commission issued a report with recommendations for NASA .
One was particularly controversial and would have represented a major change for the space agency — a recommendation that NASA ’s centers in Texas , Alabama , Florida , and elsewhere be converted to Federally Funded Research and Development Centers ( FFRDCs ) , and that their employees would no longer be civil servants .
This is the model on which the RAND Corporation and the Aerospace Corporation are based .
Only one of NASA ’s ten centers , the Jet Propulsion Laboratory , follows this model — which means that its employees are not federal civil servants but are subject to the same hiring , firing , and compensation rules as the private sector ; they also have a pension plan separate from that for the civil servants at the rest of the NASA centers .
At least in theory , this proposal would free NASA to hire and compensate the best employees and trim deadwood , rather than having to operate under the stifling and non-competitive rules of the civil service .
There was great resistance , from both NASA and its patrons in Congress , to this particular recommendation ; the fact that it was completely ignored may have made it easier to ignore many of the other recommendations as well .
The Aldridge commission ’s most vital recommendations were , first , that NASA should invite a great deal of participation from the commercial sector ; second , that the new vision should support national security needs ; and , most importantly , that the vision should be “ affordable and sustainable . ”
Less helpfully , the commission also called for NASA to seek international involvement — a practice that , if pursued for its own sake , as with the space station , would hinder useful progress — and for the vision to use a heavy - lift launch system ( about which , more in a moment ) .
Like most of the space commissions that came before it , the Aldridge commission was not asked to define or even discuss the ultimate goal or purpose of this new venture into space .
As major NASA programs go , it actually did n’t start out badly .
NASA Administrator Sean O’Keefe assigned Navy Admiral Craig E. Steidle to head the program .
Steidle had managed the Joint Strike Fighter ( JSF ) program for the Pentagon , in which the winner had been chosen in a “ fly - off , ” with both competing contractors actually flying prototypes before the ultimate winner was chosen .
This was his plan for NASA ’s new Crew Exploration Vehicle as well .
He also imported from the JSF program a management concept called “ spiral development , ” in which a vehicle design would be continuously improved to allow the incorporation of new technologies and expand its mission capability over time .
( As Robert Zubrin has noted in these pages , however , the spiral development strategy may have been unnecessarily complicated . )
Admiral Steidle also kicked off a Research and Technology program that would provide the foundation for advanced activities both in orbit and at the destinations , such as techniques for transferring propellant while in orbit , or for processing lunar materials to obtain useful resources .
In addition , Admiral Steidle commissioned a set of studies called Concept Exploration and Refinement ( CE&R ) to help determine what the overall exploration architecture should look like .
Among the eleven CE&R contractors were the aerospace industry giants like Boeing ( for whose study I worked as a consultant ) , Northrop Grumman , and Lockheed Martin .
But some of the CE&R contracts were awarded to much smaller upstarts , like Andrews Space , Inc. and t/ Space , an ad hoc consortium of loosely allied “ New Space ” companies including Burt Rutan ’s Scaled Composites , AirLaunch LLC , and others .
Among the interesting proposals in the CE&R studies was the idea of using fuel depots in low Earth orbit and elsewhere to extend the capabilities of a heavy - lift launch vehicle — or to eliminate the need for one altogether .
The CE&R studies also offered heavy - lift variations on existing shuttle launch systems , on the Atlas and Delta rockets , and others .
And , in keeping with the Aldridge commission ’s recommendations , the CE&R studies included proposals for heavy commercial participation .
Unfortunately , NASA was in some internal turmoil at the time .
Administrator O’Keefe , who had been the one to tell the families of the Columbia astronauts that their loved ones would n’t be returning home , seemed to have lost his heart for the job — not that it was ever a job he had especially coveted .
He had also become extremely risk - averse , canceling a mission to repair the Hubble Space Telescope because he did n’t want to hazard the lives of another shuttle crew ( though that mission was later reinstated ) .
In December 2004 , eleven months after the Vision for Space Exploration had been announced , O’Keefe resigned from NASA .
In the spring of 2005 , Michael Griffin was selected by the Bush administration as the administrator tasked with implementing the new vision for NASA .
The Rise and Fall of Constellation
If you called central casting to find someone to play the head of the world ’s largest space agency , they would likely come up with someone very like Mike Griffin .
Holder of multiple graduate degrees in science , engineering , and business , he literally wrote the book on space systems engineering .
It would be hard to find a more compelling résumé : Griffin had worked in commercial space companies , both startups and established , had been a NASA associate administrator in the early 1990s ( in charge of studies about potential lunar outposts ) , managed the CIA ’s technology venture fund , ran a space research lab , and more .
Once he was sworn in as NASA ’s new administrator , the Bush White House seemed to consider its involvement in NASA ’s new course complete ; Griffin was essentially given free rein to implement the Vision for Space Exploration .
Former NASA Administrator Mike Griffin
[ NASA / Renee Bouchard ]
Griffin approached this task with firm preferences already in mind .
The summer prior to his appointment , in 2004 , he had coauthored a study for the Planetary Society [ online here in PDF format ] describing a proposed launch architecture for the Vision .
For launching astronauts into orbit , the study called for a vehicle consisting of a single solid rocket booster ( taken from the existing space shuttle system ) as a first stage , with a new liquid - fueled upper stage .
“ Such a system could be available before 2010 , ” the study said , thus eliminating the dreaded “ gap ” caused by the retirement of the shuttle .
This concept was soon dubbed “ The Stick ” ( although some in the space community would later give it much less favorable appellations , such as “ The Porklauncher ” ) .
The idea was that it would use hardware already used on the shuttle — hardware that was already “ human- rated ” and that , according to a slogan from ATK - Thiokol ( manufacturer of the solid rocket booster ) , would be “ safe , simple , soon . ”
Immediately upon taking over as administrator , Griffin reassigned Admiral Steidle ( who resigned shortly thereafter ) and ordered a new study to determine the best architecture to carry out the president ’s vision .
( The CE&R contractors came to understand that their reports were apparently tainted by association with NASA ’s former regime and were doomed simply to gather dust . )
The results of this new Exploration Systems Architecture Study ( ESAS ) were announced in September 2005 , and unsurprisingly , they bore a striking resemblance to the proposal that Griffin had presented the previous year .
This architecture included “ The Stick ” ( later named Ares I ) ; it included a heavy - lift vehicle derived from Stick components , called Ares IV ( which later morphed into the Ares V ) ; and it included the Crew Exploration Vehicle ( later named Orion ) .
Other components , like the lunar lander and the Earth Departure Stage , were less well defined since they were farther out in development .
Collectively , this mission architecture would come to be called Constellation — although Griffin more aptly and memorably called it “ Apollo on steroids . ”
The proposed Crew Exploration Vehicle in particular strongly resembled the Apollo capsule and service module , except that the new spacecraft would be larger and was originally intended to land on solid ground instead of in the water .
In theory , the new vehicle would put all of the lunar surface within reach , would allow longer stays on the Moon than did the Apollo missions , and would be capable of taking four astronauts ( instead of Apollo ’s three ) to lunar orbit .
Over the next three years , the proposed architecture confronted major technical and budgetary challenges — chiefly involving the Ares I launch vehicle , which very quickly belied any pretense of being “ safe , simple , soon . ”
To understand just how badly off course the Constellation program went , it is necessary to briefly delve into its technical evolution .
First , the planned Orion spacecraft grew in weight as requirements were piled onto it , including a heavy and complex launch abort system that had to be designed to get the crew module away if the giant solid rocket were exploding beneath them .
( This was less of a concern in the days of Apollo because of the different design of the liquid - fueled Saturn V rocket . )
Second , NASA determined that it would be too costly to use and expend the existing space shuttle main engines on the upper stage of the vehicle .
Even converting those engines so that they could work on the upper stage of the launch vehicle would be too expensive .
( On the shuttle system those engines start burning at liftoff with assistance from ground - support equipment , but in the Ares I they would have to be “ air - startable ” — beginning their burn after first - stage separation , with a second start after a coast in vacuum to enter orbit . )
So the Constellation planners switched to a different engine , a variant of the old J - 2S engine from the Saturn V , although significantly updated and modernized .
But because this upgraded engine , the J - 2X , had lower performance than the shuttle engine , in both fuel economy and thrust , the planned first stage ( a supposedly standard shuttle solid rocket booster ) was no longer capable of getting the vehicle to orbit with the specified payload .
So NASA decided to add a fifth segment to the first stage of the Ares I .
Unfortunately , this meant that it would not be able to use just existing off - the - shelf components ; it would require the development of essentially a new motor , an expensive and time - consuming prospect .
Thanks to these changes , the schedule started to slip and the costs ballooned — so that money was shifted to Constellation from other NASA programs , including other exploration programs .
Admiral Steidle ’s Research and Technology program — intended to allow useful things to be done in space — was eliminated .
So was the NASA Institute for Advanced Concepts , roughly the space agency ’s equivalent of the Pentagon ’s futurist DARPA .
In much the same way that the growing cost of the International Space Station had depleted funds for actual research performed on the station , the Constellation program was starting to devour the seed corn of the new exploration agenda .
The situation worsened .
In early 2008 , it was revealed that the shuttle - derived solid rocket boosters used in the first stage of the Ares I would suffer from severe thrust oscillation .
These oscillations could potentially damage the Ares I upper stage and the crew systems — potentially injuring or even killing the crew .
( These oscillations are a characteristic of all solid rocket motors , but they have n’t been a major problem on the shuttle because the shuttle ’s boosters are shorter — and therefore oscillate at a different frequency — and because the vibrations are dampened by the large fuel tank .
Even so , any shuttle astronaut will tell you that the ride gets much smoother once the solid rocket boosters are jettisoned . )
Proposed solutions to the oscillation problem — which cannot even be fully understood until actual flight tests , several years and billions of dollars later — involved adding further complexity and weight to the already - overloaded vehicle .
By the spring of 2009 , as a result of these and other problems , the schedule for the first operational flight had slipped from the original 2014 to 2015 , with a very low confidence level of even hitting that date , thus widening “ the gap . ”
And the cost estimate for development alone more than doubled from $ 14 billion in 2005 to $ 35 billion today by NASA ’s own estimation — far outside the original “ sand chart ” budget that was part of the original announcement of the Vision for Space Exploration .
It became increasingly clear that the Constellation program was in dire trouble — and not just technical and budgetary trouble , but political trouble , too .
NASA in the Obama Administration
As always , space was not a major issue in the 2008 presidential campaign — although it was n’t a total non-issue either , at least in the critical swing state of Florida , home to Cape Canaveral and NASA ’s Kennedy Space Center .
Senator Barack Obama ’s first space policy position appeared on the “ Education ” section of his campaign website ; it bizarrely proposed that Constellation be postponed for five years in order to fund new educational programs .
This was obviously an unconsidered position dreamt up by an overzealous education staffer who probably knew little or nothing about space but saw NASA as a juicy source of potential funding for his own pet programs .
This gaffe caused a minor storm among the “ progressives ” in the space policy community , who quickly worked with the Obama campaign to devise a more serious space policy .
Their efforts worked , and candidate Obama , especially on his Florida trips , took to speaking favorably about space and describing his memories of Apollo from his childhood in Hawaii , where the astronauts returning from space first came after they were plucked from the Pacific .
( Obama was seven years old when Neil Armstrong set foot on the Moon . )
His campaign eventually released a formal policy paper on space that was surprisingly enlightened for any presidential campaign , including advocacy of more commercial participation .
By contrast , the Republican candidate , Senator John McCain , never really had any coherent position on space , but that ’s not unusual , either for him or for space , and of course , it was n’t a factor in the race .
Perhaps the most significant space - related action during the campaign came when , after finally defeating Senator Hillary Clinton in the long primary , the Obama team picked up her longtime space advisor : well - known Washington space policy analyst and advocate Lori Garver , a former NASA associate administrator .
After the election , Obama assembled a space transition team consisting of Garver , George Whitesides ( head of the National Space Society , an advocacy group ) , Alan Ladwig ( a former NASA associate administrator and a commercial space executive ) , and others .
Their job was to gather data with which the incoming administration could make decisions about NASA , and they actually set up shop at NASA Headquarters in December 2008 to facilitate the necessary interviews .
Reportedly , the Obama transition team received less than full cooperation from NASA , particularly from the administrator .
In one notoriously tense scene at a party during the transition , Griffin and Garver got into “ an animated conversation , ” according to the Orlando Sentinel .
“ We are just trying to look under the hood , ” Garver reportedly said ; Griffin replied that she was implying he was a liar and apparently said she was unqualified to pass judgment on Constellation .
Despite Griffin ’s desire to stay on as administrator — although never explicitly stated , it was an open secret ; there was even an informal last - minute online campaign to keep him on — the Obama team asked for and received his resignation .
NASA Administrator Charles Bolden and Deputy Administrator Lori Garver at their Senate confirmation hearing in July 2009
[ NASA / Bill Ingalls ]
It took several months for the new administration to settle on a replacement — months during which the Constellation program continued on amidst its technical and budget troubles , and during which Congress toyed with NASA ’s budget .
Finally , President Obama appointed retired Marine Major General Charles Bolden , an ex-astronaut , to lead the agency , with Lori Garver to serve as his deputy ; they were sworn in on July 17 , 2009 .
Even before the new NASA leadership was sworn in , the Obama administration appointed yet another committee to review the agency ’s situation .
Led by former Lockheed Martin CEO Norm Augustine , an aerospace industry veteran , the committee consists of almost a dozen representatives from across the industry — scientists ; astronauts ( including Sally K. Ride , the first American woman in space ) ; managers ; and even Jeff Greason , the CEO of XCOR Aerospace , a “ New Space ” company developing a suborbital space transport for tourism and research .
The Augustine committee is tasked with conducting
an independent review of ongoing U.S. human space flight plans and programs , as well as alternatives , to ensure the Nation is pursuing the best trajectory for the future of human space flight — one that is safe , innovative , affordable , and sustainable .
The Committee should aim to identify and characterize a range of options that spans the reasonable possibilities for continuation of U.S. human space flight activities beyond retirement of the space shuttle .
The identification and characterization of these options should address the following objectives : a ) expediting a new U.S. capability to support utilization of the International Space Station [ that is , shortening “ the gap ” ] ; b ) supporting missions to the Moon and other destinations beyond low Earth orbit ; c ) stimulating commercial space flight capability ; and d ) fitting within the current budget profile for NASA exploration activities .
It is evident that NASA ’s current plan does not meet the criteria set out for the Augustine committee .
It is not affordable or sustainable ; nor is it innovative ( recall “ Apollo on steroids ” ) .
It does not stimulate commercial spaceflight capability .
And most certainly it does not fit within the budget profile , and it never has since NASA decided to develop new rockets to reach low Earth orbit , which precluded the agency from investing in technology that would help reach beyond low Earth orbit — which was supposed to be the point of the whole endeavor , after all .
The trick , of course , will be for the committee to come up with a plan that meets those requirements but is still politically acceptable to the iron triangle of the space - industrial complex ( industry , NASA , and the space patrons in Congress ) .
Mr. Augustine must surely be hoping that past is not prologue , since he headed a similar commission once before , in 1990 , and most of its recommendations were ignored .
False Lessons from the Past
The committee should start its work by reexamining all the lessons the conventional space establishment supposedly learned in the four decades since the Apollo 11 lunar landing .
From Apollo and its successes we learned that NASA can accomplish anything if given enough resources and that “ failure is not an option ” ( though when failure is not an option , success can get very expensive ) .
From the shuttle and its failures we learned that reusable launch systems should be avoided ; that it is futile to try to reduce the cost of access to space at all ; that crew should be separated from cargo .
From the space station experience we learned that we should return to heavy - lift vehicles and that we should minimize , if not eliminate altogether , orbital operations .
These are the lessons that drove NASA management to settle on the current failing architecture .
And sadly , they are lessons shared by the promoters of several alternative plans , such as the DIRECT concept promulgated by anonymous renegades within NASA .
The problem with these lessons is that they are false — broad conclusions mistakenly based on too few examples .
Apollo was not a methodical space program ; it was an anomalous race in the Cold War in which anything could be wasted but time .
It turned out to be unsustainable and unaffordable , which is why it boggles the mind that over three decades later — during which time there were huge technology advances —
Apollo was chosen as a model for a program that was supposed to be affordable and sustainable .
The shuttle program did n’t demonstrate that reusable vehicles do n’t work .
In fact , the one reusable part of the shuttle — the airplane - like orbiter — was the only part that did n’t kill crew ( the solid rocket booster was responsible for the Challenger accident , and the external fuel tank ’s foam was responsible for the Columbia accident ) .
Moreover , the shuttle program tells us nothing at all about reusable space transports that are designed to reasonable requirements and high flight rates — particularly fully reusable ones that do n’t shed hardware each flight .
Neither does the shuttle experience prove that we should n’t mix crew and cargo .
All it tells us is that if we are going to build a reusable vehicle , it has to be sufficiently reliable to safely carry either crew or valuable cargo ( just as airplanes are ) , because space transports cost too much to lose , regardless of their payloads .
When Columbia was lost , we lost seven astronauts , yes .
But we also lost a quarter of our orbiters .
That is simply unaffordable .
Cheap bulk cargo could reasonably be launched on less expensive , less reliable vehicles , but when we do develop practical space transports , the notion of throwing rockets away will make no more sense than burning a 747 on the runway after it lands with a load of cut flowers .
Likewise , the space station does n’t teach that we must avoid assembling things in orbit ; if anything , it shows that orbital assembly can be very effective when building something large out of many smaller pieces .
That it took so long and cost so much is attributable to the constraints of the shuttle ( and of the co-opting of the station for diplomatic ends ) .
For that matter , the several repairs to the Hubble Space Telescope , various satellite repair missions , and the first Skylab mission back in 1973 show how even complicated and dangerous repair and servicing operations can be successfully conducted in orbit .
Rethinking the Vision
To get past the misperceived lessons of the past four decades and to develop a “ safe , innovative , affordable , and sustainable ” plan for manned spaceflight , we must begin by stating plainly why we should go into space , for the why gives shape to the how .
The United States should become a spacefaring nation , and the leader of a spacefaring civilization .
That means that access to space should be almost as routine ( if not quite as affordable ) as access to the oceans , and with similar laws and regulations .
It means thousands , or millions , of people in space — and not just handpicked government employees , but private citizens spending their own money for their own purposes .
It means that we should have the capability to detect an asteroid or comet heading for Earth and to deflect it in a timely manner .
Similarly it means we should be able to mine asteroids or comets for their resources , for use in space or on Earth , potentially opening up new wealth for the planet .
It means that we should explore the solar system the way we did the West : not by sending off small teams of government explorers — Lewis and Clark were the extreme exception , not the rule — but by having lots of people wandering around and peering over the next rill in search of adventure or profit .
We should have massively parallel exploration — and not just exploration , but development , as it has worked on every previous frontier .
We need to expand the economic sphere into the solar system , as John Marburger , George W. Bush ’s science adviser , used to say in his speeches .
We need to think in terms of wealth creation , not just job creation .
That would be “ affordable and sustainable , ” almost by definition .
You may say I ’m a dreamer , but I ’m not the only one : Apollo left many orphans .
But it ’s not a dream shared by NASA , successive presidents , or members of Congress , at least to judge by their plans over the past four decades .
We have had a monolithic government space agency for half a century at a cumulative cost of roughly half a trillion dollars ( in current - year dollars ) .
If we are going to continue to spend that order of magnitude of money — as , for political reasons , it seems we are going to do indefinitely — we should at least have something more to show for it than just a couple hundred brief trips to orbit for elite civil servants at an average cost over that period of about a couple billion dollars per flight .
NASA need n’t do all the work of making space affordable and sustainable , but it ought to do something .
To put it another way , it is n’t NASA ’s job to put humans on Mars ; it ’s NASA ’s job to make it possible for the National Geographic Society , or an offshoot of the Latter - Day Saints , or an adventure tourism company , to put humans on Mars .
In concrete economic terms , that implies that whatever infrastructure we establish for reaching space should have low , not high , marginal costs of operation .
Low marginal costs mean that as demand for a service grows , the price can drop rapidly .
For example , a large restaurant with a full staff ( a high fixed cost ) but only a couple of diners would have to charge thousands of dollars each for a meal .
But the marginal cost of feeding the next diner is only the cost of the food , and as the restaurant fills , the average cost can drop to where the price of a meal becomes affordable .
( In this analogy , our current spaceflight practices are akin to burning down all the restaurant ’s furniture after every meal and buying it all anew before the next one ; marginal costs are quite high in that scenario . )
High marginal costs will forever constrain the level of activity that ’s possible .
That was true of Apollo , it is true of what NASA currently plans with Constellation , and it is true of any Constellation - like architecture ( such as DIRECT ) : every flight will require throwing away tens if not hundreds of millions of dollars worth of hardware .
If we were , say , to discover something on the Moon really worth going after , our ability to ramp up activity with Constellation would be severely limited by our budget .
Low marginal costs provide scalability , which is essential for any technology that is going to open up large new markets .
NASA ’s plans completely lack any understanding of this crucial principle .
The principle of low marginal ( and average ) costs was why the shuttle was created , except that it ended up combining the worst of all cost worlds : the shuttle has high fixed costs ( for the standing army needed to service it ) , high average costs ( resulting from the low flight rates ) , and high marginal costs ( due to the hardware thrown away with each flight ) .
When you hear that a space shuttle flight cost hundreds of millions of dollars , that figure is an average cost — the annual cost of the overall shuttle program divided by the number of flights that year ( dividing the total cost of the shuttle program since its inception by the total number of flights would result in a yet higher number ) .
The actual marginal cost ( the cost of flying one more mission , given that you are already flying ) is much lower , at most $ 150 million — still ridiculously high , but comparable to other launch vehicles with much less capability .
How does Constellation stack up ?
Let ’s ignore the crew module Orion and just look at Ares I , the crew launch vehicle .
A recent Aerospace Corporation study estimated that the total cost of the Ares I program — all the costs of the program from inception to grave — would be $ 19 billion for fourteen flights .
This figure was obviously based on the initial development cost estimate of $ 14 billion ; using the current estimated development costs of $ 35 billion , the total cost for Ares I would actually be about $ 40 billion .
Even under the most charitable interpretation of the numbers — not including all the development costs and generously assuming four flights per year and fixed costs of just $ 1 billion per year — each Ares I flight would still cost roughly the same as each shuttle flight , although with much less capacity .
And that figure does n’t include the Orion capsule , let alone the Ares V heavy - lift vehicle with all the expensive lunar mission hardware aboard .
Each lunar mission , in this architecture , will cost several billion dollars .
Mike Griffin was wont to compare Constellation to the U.S. Interstate Highway System .
But the interstate was a national investment that resulted in a system with very low marginal costs and affordable for all .
Anyone with a car could get on it , drive at high speeds , and just gas up when they got to a station .
Its network of roads was also a boon to national security ( which was in fact its initial justification ) .
By contrast , Constellation ( and any similar architecture ) does n’t just fail to support national security ( thereby ignoring one of the Aldridge commission recommendations ) .
It is also a huge money sink that will result in a system with high marginal costs , low flight rates , and only for use by government employees .
Gas Stations in Space
The only reliable way to lower marginal costs is to pursue full reusability — that is , to make the entire spacecraft , including the launch vehicle , reusable .
To return to our analogy , the restaurant is the vehicle fleet , facilities , and staff to service it .
The food is the propellant .
The first flight is hugely expensive .
After that , costs will drop rapidly .
The ultimate floor on the marginal cost of any form of transportation is the cost of the energy required to get from one point to the other .
Getting to orbit is not that different , energetically , from flying across the Pacific , and there ’s no reason that we should n’t be able to lower the marginal cost of getting to orbit to within an order of magnitude of the marginal cost of air transport , given sufficient demand .
The critical requirement of a reusable space system is refuelability .
Consider a thought experiment from an earlier frontier .
Imagine that , on the settlers ’ hard trek to the western United States , there had been no vegetation along the way for the wagon - pulling horses or oxen to eat .
To get across the country , each Conestoga would have to carry enough hay to feed the animals ( not to mention supplies for the pioneers for months ) .
The wagon would have been so large that the animals would n’t have been able to pull it .
The longest distance that could be traveled would be dictated by the largest size of wagon that they could pull when it was full , and the initial speed would be very slow , picking up as the wagon grew lighter .
Once the final destination was attained , the wagon and the animals would be useless without more fuel , so presumably the wagon parts would be used to build a cabin or saloon .
In reality , of course , such a system would never have been affordable ; had the settlers not been able to avail themselves of food and water along the way , the West would never have been settled .
Now apply that logic to space .
The vast majority of the payload for heavy - lift launch vehicles is the propellant needed to send a relatively miniscule spacecraft to the Moon ( or Mars or whatever destination ) and back .
Recall the Apollo missions ’ gargantuan Saturn V rocket ; the tiny capsule atop it was all that came back .
And much of the propellant used by Saturn V was needed just to deliver into space the propellant that will be used for the trip back , since there were no gas stations on the Moon .
The Apollo missions ’ marginal costs were astonishingly high — but acceptable in the context of a race , since we did not have the time to set up the infrastructure , the needed service stations for fuel and food , along the way .
The lack of refuelability shapes every aspect of the Constellation architecture .
Why is it that Constellation , like Apollo before it , will discard each lunar lander ?
Because , at current launch costs , it is very expensive to deliver the propellants needed to reuse the lander — more expensive than the cost of the hardware .
It is cheaper to simply throw it away and send another one .
But if it were possible to refuel on the lunar surface , and in lunar or other high Earth orbits , a lander and other transportation elements could be reused many times for trips between those nodes .
Reusing space elements like the lunar lander is feasible with current technology — but it would require the presence of “ gas stations ” at which such spacecraft could refuel , which in turn would require an infrastructure of transporting and manufacturing propellants at much lower cost .
Resources and Refueling
Broadly speaking , then , if we want to make human spaceflight affordable and sustainable , we must develop an infrastructure that makes it possible to refuel in space .
A person might reasonably object that refueling makes no difference : we will still have to pay to get the fuel into space ( or to the Moon or wherever ) , whether it is sent in the fuel tanks or is sent in some other container .
What , in the end , do we save by sending fuel ahead of time ?
There are three responses to this .
First , if we had an infrastructure that allowed fueling in orbit , we could get by with much smaller launch systems , because we would n’t have to carry as much propellant merely to deliver propellant .
This would save us the high development and operating costs of a heavy - lift launch vehicle .
In addition , fueled vehicles ( like those planned for Constellation ) must be built to handle the stresses of launch with their tanks full ; if they could instead fill up after launching , their structure could be much lighter because accelerations in space are much more benign .
This would further reduce launch costs as well as in - space propellant requirements since the vehicle would be less massive .
( This “ dry - launch ” concept was one of the options presented in the Boeing CE&R study I consulted on . )
Second , in a space infrastructure that permits refueling , the means of getting propellant to a depot will not necessarily be the same as the means of getting other hardware there .
After all , gas stations are resupplied by tanker trucks , not automobiles .
This results in economies of scale , and it can also dramatically reduce transportation costs — because while manned spacecraft will generally be in a hurry to get places , propellant tankers can move more slowly so long as there is a steady supply of other tankers .
Thus , while manned spacecraft must use high - thrust propulsion with low fuel economy , propellant tankers can use much more efficient propulsion systems , such as ion thrusters ( an existing technology already used on communications satellites ) , dramatically reducing the cost of propellant delivery .
As long as there is demand , a series of tankers in continuous motion would ensure that depots are always near full at low cost , just as there is a steady stream of slow oil tankers every few miles in the oceans between Japan and the Persian Gulf .
Third , part of the purpose of the original Vision for Space Exploration was to use the Moon as a steppingstone to other destinations .
There is an abundance of oxygen that can be cracked from the silicates of the lunar regolith , and oxygen is a major component of rocket propellant .
Yes , developing the capability to do so will cost money , but it would surely cost less than the tens of billions of dollars that NASA ’s heavy - lift vehicle will cost .
( If there is abundant ice on the Moon as well — a question that has not yet been settled — on - site fuel production will be much easier since there will also be a source of hydrogen , which would otherwise have to be transported from Earth . )
Not only might lunar resources be used to fill up the tanks of lunar landers , but the Moon might conceivably become a regular source of propellant , or at least the oxidizer component of propellant , for the entire fuel infrastructure .
With a production infrastructure in place , propellant made on the Moon could become cheaper in space than propellant made on Earth and shipped to space , since it would not have to be freed from Earth ’s gravity well .
Later , propellant might be made from resources found on asteroids or comets ( which , because they hold water , could provide the resources needed for both fuel and oxidizer ) , further reducing the demand for propellant made on and launched from Earth .
In short , a space - refueling infrastructure would vastly reduce the cost of propellant ( the vast bulk of the mass required for extraterrestrial exploration ) , it would allow full reusability of all transportation elements ( at first between Earth and the Moon , and eventually out into the solar system ) , and it would result in low marginal transportation costs and great scalability .
There is another key advantage to this approach , one that will be felt right away .
Propellant is cheap — liquid oxygen costs about the same as milk — and almost infinitely divisible , so it can go into orbit on less reliable ( and presumably less expensive ) vehicles of all sizes , with cost being the deciding factor .
This would create a market for reusable space transports that may not yet be trusted for carrying passenger or expensive cargo , but could deliver the low - cost payload of propellant at a low financial risk .
This opens up business opportunities for anyone who wants to provide access to orbit to sell propellant into the fuel infrastructure .
Propellant could be as fungible in orbit as oil is on Earth .
This would satisfy two key requirements of the Aldridge commission that NASA has heretofore ignored — supporting commercial providers and incorporating international partnerships , without becoming too dependent on any single business or country .
The proliferation of profit - seeking private enterprises heading into space could result in a robust diversity and redundancy of launch capability , so that if any particular launch system is temporarily grounded ( as the space shuttle has been twice ) , overall access to space will not be devastated ( just as temporarily grounding a particular type of aircraft does not shut down the airline industry ) .
In this space - refueling infrastructure , propellant would be cheaper , flight hardware would n’t have to be as heavy , and alternative launch vehicles would flourish .
Every year that we starve the kind of research and technology that would make this possible and instead spend our money on mega- launchers like the Ares V is another year that we delay developing a truly sustainable space transportation infrastructure — and becoming a truly spacefaring people .
Safety and Space
The space - refueling infrastructure I ’ve proposed is silent on the question of the optimal way of reaching low Earth orbit .
This is a decision best left to the market .
But NASA ’s Constellation approach is too costly and too much of a fragile monoculture to provide affordable and reliable access to space .
There are already several existing private launch providers , with more starting up all the time , and they are seeking a variety of innovative ways to put humans and cargo into orbit .
United Launch Alliance ( ULA , a joint venture of Boeing and Lockheed Martin ) has two proven vehicles — Atlas V and Delta IV — that could be made safe for transporting humans .
SpaceX has a rocket sitting on the launch pad in Florida , expected to have its first flight this year ; it was designed from the beginning to be capable of delivering SpaceX ’s crew capsule , Dragon , to low Earth orbit .
Other companies are developing reusable suborbital vehicles designed for high flight rates and low marginal costs ; this experience will allow them eventually to advance to orbit , particularly if they can make money by delivering propellant as part of an extensive flight test program prior to operations with more valuable payloads .
Bigelow Aerospace is building and launching inflatable orbital habitats that could , over time , be used as boarding houses for workers at orbital assembly facilities and propellant depots .
One issue that frequently arises in discussions about private spaceflight is the matter of safety .
Will it be safe to trust our precious astronauts to private launchers ?
Let us be clear : Perfect safety does not exist on this side of the grave .
“ Safe ” and “ unsafe ” are not binary conditions .
All we can do is to make things reasonably safe — keeping in mind such factors as expense .
If our attitude toward the space frontier is that safety is paramount , that we must never lose an astronaut , then that frontier will remain closed .
If our ancestors who opened the West , or who came from Europe , had had such an attitude , we would still be over there .
It has never been “ safe ” to open a frontier , and space is the harshest frontier man has ever faced , but fortunately , we have sufficiently advanced technology to allow us to do it anyway , and probably with much less loss of life than any previous one .
NASA has developed a system for determining whether spacecraft or launch vehicles are safe enough for transporting its astronauts ; spacecraft so deemed are said to be “ human- rated . ”
In practice , this is a useless term , wielded arbitrarily and inconsistently over the years , and it serves to frustrate and confound serious analysis by its simplistic implication that there is a bright line dividing the safe from the unsafe .
No NASA vehicle — including the space shuttle — has met the agency ’s own human - rating standards since the 1960s .
Instead of using it as a true indicator of whether spacecraft are worthy of carrying passengers , NASA seems to use its human - rating system to protect agency jobs .
Before he became administrator , Mike Griffin said in 2003 that the concept of human - rating was outdated and “ no longer very relevant . ”
But , as engineer and space blogger Jonathan Goff has pointed out , Griffin changed his tune when he took over NASA , saying that “ a bunch of changes ” would have to be made to ULA ’s Atlas and Delta rockets before they could be human - rated .
Why ?
“ In part , ” Griffin said , because sticking with shuttle - derived rocketry “ gives us the best work force transition issues . ”
Given its arbitrary and politicized application , private companies should not waste their time formally having their spacecraft human - rated .
Whether SpaceX and its Dragon capsule , or ULA and its launchers , private companies should make their spacecraft as safe as they can afford to without losing their customers .
Private individuals willingly climb Mount Everest every year ( and many have died trying ) ; within reason , private individuals should be left to their own recognizance when it comes to flying on a private vehicle in space .
NASA ’s unwillingness to allow its astronauts to take similar risks bespeaks a lack of seriousness about our national space endeavors .
When Columbia was lost in 2003 , the nation ’s mourning was made bitter by the realization that the astronauts died after circling the Earth rather than actually exploring beyond it .
Recommendations for the Augustine Committee
Just as war is too important to be left to the generals , man ’s future in space is too important to be left to NASA .
After President Reagan proposed the creation of a national missile defense system in 1983 , it became clear that the U.S. Air Force was not properly organized or motivated — and so a new agency was created to pursue the president ’s vision .
The new agency , today called the Missile Defense Agency , was very innovative and made great progress because it could focus on its one goal .
Along those lines , the Bush administration might have done well to establish an Office of Space Development ( with “ exploration ” being merely a means to an end ) that could draw on other federal resources — not just NASA , but the Departments of Defense and Energy — as well as the private sector .
Of course , an independent space development organization with such power would be politically unfeasible .
But that is part of the problem : our sclerotic space agency is subject to forces of legacy politics ; it protects existing bureaucratic structures and emphasizes jobs over achievement ; and it perversely rewards failure with more funds and punishes success with budget cuts .
Short of an independent entity , the Augustine committee should at least revisit the Aldridge commission ’s recommendation of converting the NASA centers to FFRDCs .
Assuming , though , that NASA in roughly its present form is here to stay , what should the Augustine committee recommend to put the agency back on the right course ?
First , there is great irony ( as space blogger Clark Lindsey has noted ) in the fact that NASA has not successfully developed a launch system in decades , with many failed attempts , whereas it has developed many techniques and technologies for orbital assembly and operations — and yet it is pouring billions of dollars into the former and neglecting the latter .
Critics often bemoan NASA ’s abandonment of Saturn rocket technology upon the end of the Apollo era .
But to abandon the orbital assembly and operations technology developed during the shuttle era — as the Constellation architecture implicitly does ; it does n’t even call for an airlock on the new crew capsule for the crew to conduct extravehicular activities — would be a much greater tragedy , because unlike the Saturn infrastructure it actually offers a path to a future of abundant low - cost space activities .
Donald Rumsfeld , the former Secretary of Defense , infamously remarked that “ you go to war with the army you have . ”
NASA should have planned on going to the Moon with the launch vehicles it had and not those it wanted to have ; in retrospect , the agency should have been explicitly forbidden from developing a new launch system .
Billions have already been wasted in developing a redundant launch capability when the focus should have been on getting beyond low Earth orbit .
The space agency must finally , after half a century , be a good customer , and provide a market not for cost - plus contractors to build hardware at their direction , but for private transportation services .
The Commercial Orbital Transportation Services ( COTS ) program should be revitalized with additional funding , new entrants should be invited , and its role should be broadened far beyond the current charter to service the International Space Station — to supporting exploration itself .
In addition , COTS D ( for delivery of crew to the International Space Station in addition to cargo ) should be immediately funded , to provide redundant means of getting passengers to and from orbit and the space station on American hardware .
A robust COTS program , in combination with a requirement that companies begin to deliver hundreds of tons of propellant into orbit each year , would provide enough traffic and competition among launch providers to finally start to drive down the cost of access to space .
This would be a welcome change from the stagnation of high launch costs over the past few decades , and an improvement over the promise of still higher costs from Constellation .
The aim should be to develop architectures that are not dependent on any particular launcher but that are redundant both in their ability to get to orbit and to travel between nodes beyond Earth .
Third , the savings from avoiding the development of unnecessary new launch systems should be spent on resurrecting the Research and Technology program initiated by Admiral Steidle .
Specifically , NASA should work on developing the tools and techniques needed to store and transfer cryogenic propellants in orbit .
The agency should begin to define requirements for ( redundant ) propellant depots , and perform studies on optimal locations for such depots .
NASA should perform experiments in propellant handling at the International Space Station , and it should lease space in a Bigelow orbital habitat at low inclination as a testbed for orbital transportation support operations .
The agency should do with its space transportation needs what the U.S. Postal Service did with its airmail needs back in the thirties : create a vibrant new transportation industry .
And it should provide the kind of technology development support that NASA ’s predecessor , the old National Advisory Committee on Aeronautics , did for aviation in the first half of the twentieth century .
Let us finally abandon our race with the Soviet Union , the race we won four decades ago against an adversary two decades vanquished and vanished .
We do n’t need to remake Apollo ; we need to open up the new space frontier the way the old American frontier was opened .
Let us unleash private enterprise and create not just jobs but true wealth .
Let us innovate and find new ways for free men and women to use new resources .
And let us work hard and risk greatly in the pursuit of our individual dreams — for it is those dreams , and our countless failures and triumphs along the way , that will determine man ’s destiny beyond the Earth .
Capcom ‘s pint sized Bionic Commando may have been ignored while it ’s bigger counterpart was released , but it appears developer Grin , has made good on the trophy promise .
Available now via the PlayStation Network is the Bionic Commando : Rearmed trophy patch .
Additional patch notes and trophy list after the jump .
Update :
This patch does not seem to be available in Europe at this time .
New “ Normal ” difficulty setting changes …
When you die , you respawn at the last solid ground or checkpoint
The level Albatross B was cut
The ability to reel out the cable when hanging or swinging to its full length
If the player swings into a wall , they will no longer disconnect and be thrown away from the wall .
Instead , they will keep connected and reel in
Unlimited lives
Super Joe Machine
Gun bug fix …
When upgraded , the weapon also becomes more powerful in addition to the larger clip
Fixed for all difficulty levels
Trophy List …
Bronze :
Meet the annihilation
Kill all foot soldiers and enemy trucks on a Meet With Enemy sequence
Kill all foot soldiers and enemy trucks on a Meet With Enemy sequence Bronze : The Emperor ’s New Clothes
Obtain the Shin Guards , the Bulletproof Vest and the Helmet
Obtain the Shin Guards , the Bulletproof Vest and the Helmet Silver : Private Arsenal
Obtain ever weapon and weapon upgrade
Obtain ever weapon and weapon upgrade Bronze : Faster Than a Speeding Bullet
Block 100 projectiles using the claw
Block 100 projectiles using the claw Silver : One Dozen Yashichis
Collect all twelve hidden Yashichis – one from each of Area 01 – 12
Collect all twelve hidden Yashichis – one from each of Area 01 – 12 Bronze : Clean as a whistle
Clear Area 02 without touching a slime blob
Clear Area 02 without touching a slime blob Bronze : Pacifist Pride
Clear any of Area 1 – 12 without firing your gun
Clear any of Area 1 – 12 without firing your gun Bronze : Cat Burglar
Get to the boss of Area 05 within one minute and thirty seconds
Get to the boss of Area 05 within one minute and thirty seconds Gold : A Real Challenge
Acquire at least one star in each of the Challenge Rooms 1 – 56
Acquire at least one star in each of the Challenge Rooms 1 – 56 Bronze : H4 >< 0rz
Hack through all the hacking games on Hard
Hack through all the hacking games on Hard Silver : Intel Collector
Acquire all database logs
Acquire all database logs Silver : Elite Commando
Clear the game on Super Hard
Thanks to QuizPyro for the tip !
Say “ Cheese ! ” — for your mug shot .
Two oddballs have been busted for swiping nearly 20 percent of the city ’s red - light cameras right under Big Brother ’s nose , The Post has learned .
They allegedly drove around town in a pickup truck with a cherry - picker to dismantle 22 of the high - end Nikons from their street poles .
The devices are used to identify red -light - running drivers , who then are issued tickets by mail .
The suspects peddled an estimated $ 88,000 worth of goods to a camera resale shop for $ 300 each to feed their heroin habits , law - enforcement sources said yesterday .
The alleged perps — Anthony Cintorrino , 45 , and 29 - year - old trust - fund baby Tara LaBurt , both of Brooklyn — swiped the traffic cameras at intersections in The Bronx , Brooklyn and Queens between June 24 and this past Sunday , sources said .
Cintorrino was held in lieu of $ 8,000 bond ; LaBurt — in an oversized T - shirt , torn black stockings , a purple miniskirt and flip - flops — was held in lieu of $ 3,000 bond .
On Sunday morning , an employee of a hardware store on Coney Island Avenue at Dorchester Road in Brooklyn told The Post that two people matching the descriptions of the suspects pulled up in a truck and took something from the camera box .
The couple claimed to work for Mulvihill ICS , a Staten Island company in charge of maintaining the cameras for the city Department of Transportation .
“ Then they ran away , ” the employee said .
Cintorrino previously did subcontracting work as a camera installer for Mulvihill ICS , the company said .
Court records indicate he has a long history of illicit drug use and psychiatric problems .
In 2004 , he sued the manufacturer of the antidepressant drug Wellbutrin , saying he attempted suicide after taking the drug , but dropped the suit .
LaBurt , who comes from a wealthy family , most recently worked for her brother ’s film - production company .
“ This is really scary for the whole family , ” said LaBurt ’s brother , director Michael LaBurt .
“ My mother is freaking out .
The family is kind of in shock . ”
He added , “ Tara is a product of a trust - fund culture , ” and is the great - granddaughter of a founder of UPS .
But recently , he said , the family has had money problems .
Michael said his family pushed Tara to enter an upstate drug - rehab program twice in recent months after she was arrested for drunken driving .
Michael said he believes that Tara — who was trying to get into the French Culinary Institute — met Cintorrino recently after leaving rehab .
Cops nabbed LaBurt and Cintorrino on Monday in Manhattan after finding 13 of the stolen cameras at a reseller and tracing them , sources said .
Three other stolen cameras were found at their residences , and cops expect soon to recover the other six that were swiped , sources said .
A DOT spokesman said , “ We replaced the stolen cameras within 48 hours of being detected .
We visit each site daily , so we knew within a day when they were missing . ”
Additional reporting by Erin Calabrese
jamie.schram@nypost.com
Bad language could be good for you , a new study shows .
For the first time , psychologists have found that swearing may serve an important function in relieving pain .
The study , published today in the journal NeuroReport , measured how long college students could keep their hands immersed in cold water .
During the chilly exercise , they could repeat an expletive of their choice or chant a neutral word .
When swearing , the 67 student volunteers reported less pain and on average endured about 40 seconds longer .
Although cursing is notoriously decried in the public debate , researchers are now beginning to question the idea that the phenomenon is all bad .
" Swearing is such a common response to pain that there has to be an underlying reason why we do it , " says psychologist Richard Stephens of Keele University in England , who led the study .
And indeed , the findings point to one possible benefit : " I would advise people , if they hurt themselves , to swear , " he adds .
How swearing achieves its physical effects is unclear , but the researchers speculate that brain circuitry linked to emotion is involved .
Earlier studies have shown that unlike normal language , which relies on the outer few millimeters in the left hemisphere of the brain , expletives hinge on evolutionarily ancient structures buried deep inside the right half .
One such structure is the amygdala , an almond - shaped group of neurons that can trigger a fight - or - flight response in which our heart rate climbs and we become less sensitive to pain .
Indeed , the students ' heart rates rose when they swore , a fact the researchers say suggests that the amygdala was activated .
That explanation is backed by other experts in the field .
Psychologist Steven Pinker of Harvard University , whose book The Stuff of Thought ( Viking Adult , 2007 ) includes a detailed analysis of swearing , compared the situation with what happens in the brain of a cat that somebody accidentally sits on .
" I suspect that swearing taps into a defensive reflex in which an animal that is suddenly injured or confined erupts in a furious struggle , accompanied by an angry vocalization , to startle and intimidate an attacker , " he says .
But cursing is more than just aggression , explains Timothy Jay , a psychologist at the Massachusetts College of Liberal Arts who has studied our use of profanities for the past 35 years .
" It allows us to vent or express anger , joy , surprise , happiness , " he remarks .
" It 's like the horn on your car , you can do a lot of things with that , it 's built into you . "
In extreme cases , the hotline to the brain 's emotional system can make swearing harmful , as when road rage escalates into physical violence .
But when the hammer slips , some well - chosen swearwords might help dull the pain .
There is a catch , though :
The more we swear , the less emotionally potent the words become , Stephens cautions .
And without emotion , all that is left of a swearword is the word itself , unlikely to soothe anyone 's pain .
Anti-war activists in Olympia , Wash . , have exposed Army spying and infiltration of their groups , as well as intelligence gathering by the Air Force , the federal Capitol Police and the Coast Guard .
The infiltration appears to be in direct violation of the Posse Comitatus Act preventing U.S. military deployment for domestic law enforcement and may strengthen congressional demands for a full - scale investigation of U.S. intelligence activities , like the Church Committee hearings of the 1970s .
Brendan Maslauskas
Dunn asked the city of Olympia for documents or e-mails about communications between the Olympia police and the military relating to anarchists , Students for a Democratic Society ( SDS ) or the Industrial Workers of the World ( Dunn ’s union ) .
Dunn received hundreds of documents .
One e-mail contained reference to a “ John J. Towery II , ” who activists discovered was the same person as their fellow activist “ John Jacob . ”
Dunn told me : “ John Jacob was actually a close friend of mine , so this week has been pretty difficult for me .
He said he was an anarchist .
He was really interested in SDS .
He got involved with Port Militarization Resistance ( PMR ) , with Iraq Vets Against the War .
He was a kind person .
He was a generous person .
So it was really just a shock for me . ”
“ Jacob ” told the activists he was a civilian employed at Fort Lewis Army Base and would share information about base activities that could help the PMR organize rallies and protests against public ports being used for troop and Stryker military vehicle deployment to Iraq and Afghanistan .
Since 2006 , PMR activists have occasionally engaged in civil disobedience , blocking access to the port .
Larry Hildes , an attorney representing Washington activists , says the U.S. attorney prosecuting the cases against them , Brian Kipnis , specifically instructed the Army not to hand over any information about its intelligence - gathering activities , despite a court order to do so .
Which is why Dunn ’s request to Olympia and the documents he obtained are so important .
The military is supposed to be barred from deploying on U.S. soil , or from spying on citizens .
Christopher Pyle , now a professor of politics at Mount Holyoke College , was a military intelligence officer .
He recalled : “ In the 1960s , Army intelligence had 1,500 plainclothes agents [ and some would watch ] every demonstration of 20 people or more .
They had a giant warehouse in Baltimore full of information on the law - abiding activities of American citizens , mainly protest politics . ”
Pyle later investigated the spying for two congressional committees : “ As a result of those investigations , the entire U.S. Army Intelligence Command was abolished , and all of its files were burned .
Then the Senate Intelligence Committee wrote the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 to stop the warrantless surveillance of electronic communications . ”
Reps . Barbara Lee , D - Calif. , Rush Holt , D - N.J. , and others are pushing for a new , comprehensive investigation of all U.S. intelligence activities , of the scale of the Church Committee hearings , which exposed widespread spying on and disruption of legal domestic groups , attempts at assassination of foreign heads of state , and more .
Demands mount for information on and accountability for Vice President Dick Cheney ’s alleged secret assassination squad , President George W. Bush ’s warrantless wiretapping program , and the CIA ’s alleged misleading of Congress .
But the spying in Olympia occurred well into the Obama administration ( and may continue today ) .
President Barack Obama supports retroactive immunity for telecom companies involved in the wiretapping , and has maintained Bush - era reliance on the state secrets privilege .
Lee and Holt should take the information uncovered by Brendan Dunn and the Olympia activists and get the investigations started now .
Denis Moynihan contributed research to this column .
Amy Goodman is the host of “ Democracy Now ! ” a daily international TV / radio news hour airing on more than 750 stations in North America .
She is the co-author of “ Standing Up to the Madness : Ordinary Heroes in Extraordinary Times , ” recently released in paperback .
© 2009 Amy Goodman
Distributed by King Features Syndicate
That is easy to say , but not so easy to do .
“ You have to be flexible , ” said Andrew Williams , a Treasury Department spokesman .
“ You have to be clear that there is not a presumption of too big to fail .
But you ca n’t give it up entirely because to do so may not allow you to avoid , in extremis , a major meltdown . ”
Lawrence H. Summers , the White House economic adviser , says there is no going back to the days of small banks .
The financial world has moved on .
“ I do n’t think you can completely turn back the clock , ” he said .
Policy makers argue that shackling some of the very biggest banks with new rules will keep the behemoths from getting into trouble .
The overhaul of financial regulation proposed last week by the Obama administration would provide so - called resolution powers that would allow big , complex financial institutions to , in fact , fail and let regulators take them over .
The government could then wind down giant financial companies over time , as it does with smaller ones .
The administration also wants greater regulatory scrutiny and higher capital requirements for financial companies that pose so - called “ systemic ” threats .
Details about these proposals are sparse , but the thinking is that investors would press companies to curb their risks and streamline their operations if bigness had some drawbacks .
That is not enough for some .
Paul Volcker , the former Federal Reserve chairman and current White House adviser , for instance , has suggested that the government limit how much money big institutions can wager trading .
The way things are now , banks reap profits if their trades pan out , but taxpayers can be stuck picking up the tab if their big bets sink the company .
Ms. Bair and others argue that the government should impose fees on giant banks to encourage them to operate more carefully and offset some of the costs of rescuing big institutions .
The administration ’s plan imposes such a charge only after a government rescue occurs .
Bigness has always been a powerful American theme .
But in business , where many executives live by the creed of “ Grow or Die , ” it is dogma .
Devotees of economic Darwinism insist that corporate size , and its accompanying economies of scale , brings progress and benefits to consumers .
But how big is too big to fail ?
And how would you measure it anyway ?
In the case of banks and giants like A.I.G. and Fannie Mae , policy makers argue that the interconnectedness of modern finance , as much as the size of the players , is the real issue .
The collapse of one big financial company could cascade through the industry .
In the case of General Motors and Chrysler , a failure could mean that thousands of jobs  not only at those companies , but at their suppliers as well  could evaporate .
NEW YORK -- Stephen Strasburg and the Washington Nationals agreed to a record contract just before Monday 's midnight deadline , a four - year deal that will pay the hard - throwing right - hander slightly more than $ 15.1 million .
The San Diego State pitcher was selected first by the last - place Nationals in June and set the mark for the most money guaranteed to a drafted player .
That 's been held since 2001 by pitcher Mark Prior , who received a $ 10.5 million , five - year contract after he was selected with the second pick , behind Joe Mauer .
Stephen Strasburg beat the deadline and agreed to terms with the Washington Nationals .
AP Photo / Lenny Ignelzi
" It feels awesome .
I got a little nervous there for a while that it might not happen , but I feel very blessed , " Strasburg told ESPN 's Pedro Gomez .
" I 'm not sure of the plan right now .
They said they 'd bring me up for the media .
They said to take my time to get ready .
It 's an amazing feeling .
I really was n't sure if it was going to happen , but I 'm glad it did . "
Strasburg was among 16 of 32 first - round picks without announced agreements heading into the final day .
Only three first - round picks apparently failed to sign , and the deadline did n't apply to one of them .
Scott Boras represented six of the unsigned first - round picks , including Strasburg and the second , third , ninth , 13th and 30th selections .
In addition to Strasburg , he negotiated a $ 9.5 million five - year contract for Dustin Ackley , a North Carolina center fielder taken by No. 2 Seattle ; a $ 3.25 million signing bonus for Donavan Tate , a center fielder from Cartersville High School in Georgia selected No. 3 by San Diego ; a $ 5.5 million , six - year contract for Jacob Turner , a right - hander from Westminster Christian Academy in Missouri taken by No. 9 Detroit ; and a $ 2.75 million signing bonus for Grant Green , a Southern Cal shortstop drafted No. 13 by Oakland .
Tate had planned to play football and baseball at North Carolina .
Strasburg will receive a $ 7.5 million signing bonus with $ 2.5 million paid 15 days after approval of the contract , $ 2.5 million paid in January 2010 and another $ 2.5 million paid in January 2011 .
He is scheduled to receive a $ 400,000 salary in 2009 , but that is prorated to approximately $ 100,000 .
He then will get a $ 2 million salary in 2010 , $ 2.5 million in 2011 and $ 3 million in 2012 .
" He 's chomping at the bit to get out on the mound .
He 's ultra- , ultra - competitive , " acting Nationals general manager Mike Rizzo said , " and I think he was getting a little tired of sitting around the house . "
The last - place team and the hard - throwing right - hander faced a deadline of midnight on Monday night to come to an agreement .
And , according to Nationals president Stan Kasten , they resolved everything without much time to spare -- " 11:58 and 43 seconds , " he said .
" People thought it would take to the last minute , " Kasten said , smiling .
" We did n't even need that last minute . "
LITUANUS L ITHUANIAN Q UARTERLY J OURNAL OF A RTS AND S CIENCES
Volume 15 , No.3 - Fall 1969
Editors of this issue : Antanas Klimas , Ignas K. Skrupskelis Copyright © 1969 LITUANUS
Foundation , Inc. www.lituanus.org
THE IMPORTANCE OF LITHUANIAN FOR INDO -EUROPEAN LINGUISTICS
ANTANAS KLIMAS
The University of Rochester
In his book , Historical Linguistics , 1 Professor Winfred Lehmann states :
Modern Lithuanian is remarkable for its conservatism of pitch accent , inflection and retention of formal distinctions , especially in the substantive .
The word for ' son ' sūnus is like that in Sanskrit , sūnūs ; eiti 'he goes ' has undergone fewer changes than has Latin it .
Lithuanian is accordingly one of the most important Indo - European languages for comparative study , ( p. 26 ) . 2
Recently , the writer of the present article emphasized the same point by stating :
Lithuanian ... is the most archaic among all the Indo - European languages spoken today , and as a result it is very useful , indeed , indispensable in the study of Indo - European linguistics . '3
What , then , are the linguistic ( and other ) factors which make Lithuanian so important for Indo - European studies ?
We will try to list here the most important features of Lithuanian , without necessarily exhausting their listing , and without trying to assign them their relative degree of importance .
1 . The most important fact is that Lithuanian is not only very archaic , but still very much alive , i. e. , it is spoken by about three and a half million people .
It has a rich tradition in folklore , in literature , and it is used very successfully in all walks of modern life , including the most advanced scientific research .
The fact that , at the present time , Lithuania is occupied by the U.S.S.R. and that the Russian language is very cunningly foisted4 upon the Lithuanians has not diminished the lively development of archaic ( or conservative ) Lithuanian into a completely modern language in every field of human endeavor .
Thus , any linguist can hear , tape - record , use , check and re-check any type of language information that he may need in his research of Lithuanian .
All of the other ancient Indo - European languages are dead : Tocharian , Indo - Iranian ( Sanskrit and Old Persian ) , Hittite , Old Armenian .
Classical Greek , Thracian , Phrygian , Latin , Old Gaelic ( Celtic ) , the various ancient Anatolian languages , etc. .
Some of these ancient languages came down into our times as they became modern languages : e.g. , French , Spanish , Portuguese , Catalan .
Provencal , Rumanian , Rheto - Romansch , and Italian are all descendants of Latin , but they changed their phonological ( i. e. , sound ) and morphological ( i. e. , inflectional : declensions , conjugations , etc. ) systems so much that there are only " traces " of Latin left in all of them .
Only the basic vocabulary remained the same in all of these modern Romance languages .
5
Many Northern Indian languages ( i. e. , the direct descendants of Sanskrit , or Old Indic ) have given up most of the inflectional patterns ( i. e. , endings ) of the parent language .
So have some of the Germanic languages , most notably Modern English .
Therefore , the linguist has only some written documents for all of those ancient languages , and the writing itself is only a very poor rendering of the real language ( or speech ) itself .
2 . In the phonological ( sound ) system , Lithuanian has remained quite close to what we imagine might have been the sound system of Proto - Indo - European .
The vocalic system of Proto - Indo - European is especially well retained in Lithuanian , to wit:6
Proto - Indo - European Proto- Baltic Old Lithuanian Modern Lithuanian e e e e ē ē ē ē ( ė ) o a a a ō ō ō/ uo ō/uo/ u a a a a ā ā ā ā / ō i i i i ī ī ī ī ( y ) u u u u ū ū ū ū
3 . In the consonant system , Lithuanian did not undergo any shifts comparable in scope to the Germanic consonant shift .
Only the palatals k and g were partially shifted to the sibilants č and and ž respectively .
Thus , even now in Modern Lithuanian we have such doublets as gardas and žardas ' pen , enclosure ' , from Proto - Indo - European " ghordh - o-s , , kumpis and šumpis ' ham ' , from Proto - Indo - European * kmp - / * kemp - / * komp - .
Changes such as the Proto - Baltic * dja - and * tja- shifting to High Lithuanian - džio - and - čio- ( - tšio - ) are of much later origin .
However , the Baltic languages do not show any reflection of the aspirated and labiovelar consonants which are posited for Proto - Indo - European .
This is a generalized chart of the consonants :
Proto - Indo - European Proto- Baltic Old Lithuanian Modern Lithuanian p p p p t t t t k k k k d d d d b b b b g g g g bh b b b7 dh d d d gh g g g k k/š k/š k/š g g/ž g/ž g/ž gh g/ž g/ž g/ž kw k k k gw g g g gwh g g g s s s s ( z ) z z z m m m m n n n n r r r r l l l l w v v v8 j j j j
4. Diphthongs .
Not a single branch of Indo - European languages preserved the pattern of the ancient diphthongs intact .
Slavic languages , for example , monophthongized these Proto - Indo - European diphthongs at a very early stage .9
Other languages again display a remarkably retentive rate :
Proto - Indo - European Proto- Baltic Old Lithuanian Modern Lithuanian ei ei ei/ie ei/ie ēi ēi ei/ie ei/ie eu ou au au au au u oi ai ai ai ai10 i ōi āi/ō ai // uo ai / uo āu āu au au ōu ō uo uo
For many examples of these developments , see Alfred Senn , Handbuch der litauischen Sprache .
Band I : Grammatik ( Heidelberg , 1966 ) , esp. pp. 87-90 ; also , Christian S. Stang , Vergleichende Grammatik der baltischen Sprachen , ( Oslo , 1966 ) .
5 . One of the most striking and important features of the phonological patterns preserved so well in Lithuanian 11 up to this very day is the so - called ablaut ( also known as vowel alternation , vowel gradation , apophony , etc. , i.e. .
Mod.
English : sing , sang , sung : -i- , -a- , -u-; Mod. German : singen , sang gesungen , and many similar cases ) .
Although its origin is not well known , this patterned vowel alternation was most probably used for indicating and separating various ( all ? ) morphological categories , i. e. , singular and plural , various tenses , persons , etc .
This patterned vowel variation occurred in Proto - Indo - European in roots , stems , endings , etc. , in all parts of speech .
In the course of their development , most of the Indo - European languages changed the original Indo - European pattern so much that it is hard to recognize it as such without referring to its earlier stages , or without comparing it with the pattern in several other related Indo - European languages .
Although Lithuanian too had many various changes , analogical leveling , etc. , it has preserved some very old patterns .
On the other hand , ablaut is still " working " ' in Lithuanian to a certain degree , while in all other languages this has not been observed for several centuries .
One of the posited patterns of the ablaut in Proto - Indo - European might have looked as follows :
e : o — ē : ō — e : o ( zero grade ) 12
This pattern can still be illustrated with examples from present day Modern Lithuanian :
Proto - Indo- European
e : o — ē : ō — e : o ( zero grade )
Lithuanian
e : a — ė : ō/uo — i : y13
želti : žalias — žėlė : žolė / žuolis — žilti : žyla '
to begin to grow ' : green ' — ' grew ' : grass '/' growth ' — ' to gray ' :' grays '
The simple fact is that no other Indo - European language known to us even from circa 1000 B.C. can show so many varieties in one root ( not even Sanskrit , Greek , or Latin ) as can Modern Lithuanian ; all the words and forms given above are used by every ( native ) speaker of Lithuanian today !
6 . Another very important feature of Lithuanian is its very conservative accentuation pattern .
Most of the other Indo - European languages have either completely changed ( even several times ) their accentuation system , or have only a very insignificant reflection of the inherited parent - system .
Of all the Indo - European languages still spoken , only two South Slavic languages , Serbo - Croatian and Slovenian , 14 have some remnants of the Indo - European pitch ( or intonation ) stress .
Just glancing at one word in Lithuanian ( in its declensional pattern ) will suffice to see the intricacy of the Lithuanian accentuation system .
We will take the word sūnus ' son ' :
Singular Plural Singular Plural N. sūn ù s sūnūs -- -- G. sūna ũ s sūnų -- -- D. sūnui sūn ùms -- -- A. sūnų sūnus --- --- I. sūnumì sūnumìs --- --- L. sūnujè sūnuosè --- --- V. sūna ũ ! sūnūs ! -- --
7 . Of all living Indo - European languages , only Lithuanian has up to this very day preserved the so - called athematic verbs .
Athematic verbs are those verbs in which the inflection morph ( i.e. , the ending ) is added directly to the basic verbal root , without any additional vowel in between .
This could be portrayed as follows :
Indo -European basic verbal root * es ' to be ' , plus I. - E. * mi ' I ' becomes esmi ' I am ' .
What is amazing is that this very form is still used in some Lithuanian dialects .
15
The whole present tense conjugation would have looked approximately like this :
Indo -European Old Lithuanian Mod. Lithuanian * ēd - mi ' I eat ' ėdmi ėdu * ēd - si ' thou eatest ' * ėdsi ėdi * ēd - ti 'he eats ' * ėdti ėda * ēd - me 'we eat ' * ėdme ėdame * ēd - te ' you eat ' * ėdte ėdate * ēd - ( en ) te ' they eat ' * ėdti ėda
It is most probable that in early Proto - Indo - European this was the only type of " conjugational " system .
Although most of the other Indo - European branches ( or languages ) had given this up in prehistoric times .
Lithuanian has preserved at least 93 of the verbs which clearly show traces of the athematic conjugation .
16
8. a .
In later Proto - Indo - European , the so called thematic conjugation system developed and , indeed , replaced the much more ancient athematic system .
Lithuanian has preserved a rather good reflection of this later system up to the present day :
Proto - Indo - European Lithuanian - ō -uo ( si ) - ei - ie ( si ) 17 - i - i - im ē - imės - it ē - itės -( i ) nt ( e ) -i18
b. Another ancient feature found in Lithuanian at present is the dual .
Very few of the Indo - European languages have preserved traces of the dual , especially in their verbal conjugational systems .
In Lithuanian , primarily in living dialects , dual forms are still used .
We shall cite here a present tense of the verb eiti ' to go " :
Singular
aš einu ' I go , I am going '
tu eini ( ' thou goest ' )
jis eina 'he goes '
Plural
mes einame ' we go '
jūs einate ' you go '
ie eina ' they go '
Dual
mudu ( mudvi ) einava
'we two ( 'we two " , fern . ) go '
judu ( judvi ) einata ' you two ( ' you two ' , fern . ) go '
jiedu ( jiedvi ) eina ' they two ( ' they two ' , fern . ) go'19
9 . Most of the modern Indo - European languages today have a periphrastic ( or compound ) future tense .
For example , in English we say " I shall go , " or " I will go " ; in other words , we want to express something like " I am obliged to go ; thus , I will ( am ) be going , " or " It is my wish to go , I intend to go ; thus , I will go . "
In Modern German future can be expressed either by the simple present tense ( plus , usually , an adverb indicating future ) , or by periphrastic forms , thus
a ) Morgen fahre ich nach Berlin .
" I will go to Berlin tomorrow . "
or b )
Ich werde nach Berlin fahren .
" I will go to Berlin . "
Modern Russian has really only one tense inherited from Proto - Indo - European : the present tense .
What is usually considered the past tense , with the endings - 1 , - la , - lo , - li , , is in reality made up of older participles ( that is why it shows genders and plural : - 1 , - la , - lo , - li ... ) .
The present tense of the Russian perfective verbs serve now as future : on paidyet 'he will go ' .
French does have a seemingly future tense in je parlerai ' I will speak ' , but actually it is a compound form too , as in English , German , , etc .
It consists of the form parler ' to speak ' and ai ' I have ' , thus originally meaning approximately ' to speak I have : I have to speak !' ; thus , eventually ' I will ( shall ) speak " .
Lithuanian , on the other hand , has preserved a future tense from prehistoric times : it has one single form , e.g .
kalbė - siu ' I will speak ' , etc. kalbė - si kalbė -s kalbė - sime kalbė - site kalbė-s
This form kalb ėsiu is made from the stem kalbė - ( ti ) ' to speak ' , plus the ancient stem - ending ( or formant , suffix ) •sjō (> Old Lituanian sjūo > sjū , Mod. Lith. - siu ) .
This is called the sigmatic future ( cf. Greek sigma=s ) .
It has been recorded only in ancient Old Indic ( Sanskrit ) and Greek , but it is still used by every speaker of Lithuanian today .
10 . Participles and Gerunds ...
There are 13 participial and gerundive forms for each verb in Lithuanian .
Most are inherited from Proto - Indo - European .
To illustrate this , lets take the verb gerti ' to drink ' and list all its participial forms :
Active participles
Present t. : ( masc. ) ( fern . ) ( ' the one who ...')
Past t. : geriąs gerianti is drinking Frequentative gėręs gėrusi has drunk Past : : gerdavęs gerdavusi has been drunk Future t. : gersiąs gersianti will drink
Passive participles
( masc. ) ( fern . ) ( something that ...')
Present t. : geriamas geriama is being drunk Past t. : gertas gerta has been drunk Future t. : gersimas gersima will be drunk
Gerunds and special adverbial participles
geriant ' while drinking '
gerdavus ' after having had drunk repeatedly '
gerus ' after having drunk '
gersiant ' to have to drink in the future '
gerdamas , gerdama ' while drinking "
gerlinas , gertina 's .
that has to be drunk '
Of these participles , the best preserved one in Lithuanian is the present active participle , with the formant - ant- ( from Proto - Indo - European - ont - ) .
Other participles , however show very old features , with the old Indo - European formant - ent -/- ont - appearing in their oblique cases : ( future active participle ) gersiąs , gen .
sg. gersiančio , from an older * gersiantjō , etc .
11 . In Lithuanian , one will also find some of the old types of various pronouns still used today .
Thus , the Proto - Indo - European interrogative pronoun * kwos ' who ' appears in Lithuanian as kas ' who ' , as do many similar old forms .
12 . Each language family usually has one basic numerical system , accordingly expressed in the language or languages of this linguistic family .
The numerals from 1 to 10 tend be especially well preserved .
In this case , as in many others discussed previously , ( Modern ) Lithuanian has preserved some forms better than other recorded languages of ancient times .
Compare :
Proto - I.- E. Sanskrit Latin Gothic Mod.Lithuanian ( ca 500 B.C. ) ( ca 100 A.D. ) ( 300 A.D. ) ( 1969 A.D. ) 1 . * oinos ( ėkas unus ains vienas 2 .
* dwo v ā ù/ dv ā duo twai du / dvi 3 .
* trejes traja - tres thrija treėi / trys 4 .
* kwetwores catvaras quattuod fidwor ketveri 5 . * penkwe pánca quinque fimf penki
13 .
In the nominal declension too , no living language can compare in the inherited variety and richness of the inflectional pattern and categories still preserved in Lithuanian .
One example Will suffice .
Remember , this is the same word which , in all its forms , goes back to Proto - Indo - European .
Singular
Proto - Indo - Eur Lithuanian English German N. * wilkw - os vilk - as wolv - es Wölf-e G * wilkw - oso vilk - o wolv - es Wölf-e D. * wilkw - o( e ) i vilk - ui wolv - es Wölf - en A. * wilkw - om vilk - ą wolv - es Wölf-e Instr .
* wilkw - ō vilk - u- - - Loc. * wilkw - oi vilk-è - - Voc. * wilkw-e vilk-e -- -
Plural
N. * wilkw - oes vilk - ai wolf Wolf G * wilkw - o( o ) m vilk - ų wolf 's Wolfes D. * wilkw - o( i ) mis vilk - ams wolf Wolf ( e ) A. * wilkw - ons vilk - us wolf Wolf Instr . * wilkw - ōis vilk - ais - - Loc. * wilkw- osu vilk-uose - - Voc. * wilkw-oes vilk - ai -- -
14 .
In word formation , some very old features could be found in Lithuanian .
There are several old suffixes — stems with their almost original meaning ( e.g. , the suffix - sk - and others ) .
We shall mention here one example in some detail : the suffix - ing - .
This suffix was originally used to form adjectives ( and adjectival nouns ) derived from a noun .
Its meaning was something like " having of , full of , pertaining to " .
Thus , ugnis ' fire ' plus -( i ) ng - makes an adjective ugningas ' fiery , full of fire ' , enthusiastic , passionate ' ; miškas ' forest ' plus - ing - produces miškingas ' rich in forest , densely covered with forests , sylvanous ' .
In most of the other Indo - European languages , this suffix appears with expanded or contracted meanings .20
15 .
The word order in Lithuanian is quite free , reflecting to a great degree the word order we imagine Proto - Indo - European must have had .
Take a sentence like ' The house stood in the middle of the forest ' , of which the following varieties are possible in Lithuanian :
The house ( 1 ) stood ( 2 ) in the middle ( 3 ) of the forest ( 4 ) 1 . Namas ( 1 ) stovėjo ( 2 ) viduryje ( 3 ) miško ( 4 ) .
2 . Namas stovėjo miško viduryje .
3 . Stovėjo namas viduryje miško .
4 . Stovėjo namas miško viduryje .
5 . Viduryje miško stovėjo namas .
6 . Miško viduryje stovėjo namas .
7 . Stovėjo miško viduryje namas .
8 . Stovėjo viduryje miško namas .
9 . Namas miško viduryje stovėjo .
10 . Namas viduryje miško stovėjo.21
In other words , just with four parts of the sentence ( 1 = subject .
2 = predicate verb , 3 = ( prepositional ) locative , 4 = genitive , complement of the ( prepositional locative ) we can have ten combinations of word order in Lithuanian , to wit :
1 ) 1 - 2 - 3 - 4 . 2 ) 1 - 2 - 4 - 3 . 3 ) 2 - 1 - 3 - 4 . 4 ) 2 - 1 - 4 - 3 . 5 ) 3 - 4 - 2 - 1 .
6 ) 4 - 3 - 2 - 1 . 7 ) 2 - 4 - 3 - 1 . 8 ) 2 - 3 - 4 - 1 . 9 ) 1 - 4 - 3 - 2 . 10 ) 1 - 3 - 4 - 2 .
Because of this and other inherited features , the Lithuanian word order can be posited as the approximate word order of ( at least ) late Proto - Indo - European .
16 . Finally , we arrive at an area of importance which is usually the first one to be mentioned , sometimes the only one illustrated by examples .
Obviously , we are referring to the lexicon ( vocabulary ) of Lithuanian .
Although nobody has yet invented an exact and precise method of making a statistical analysis of linguistic data , especially in lexicon , it is generally known that about one half to three fourths ( more precisely , five eights ) of the Lithuanian ( basic ) lexicon is directly ' inherited from ( Proto - ) Indo - European .
22
Thus , for any work in the etymology of any Indo - European language , Lithuanian data are indispensable .
Every linguist working in this area of linguistic research must have enough knowledge of Lithuanian in order to be able to use Lithuanian data sufficiently well .
There are even words in Modern Lithuanian today which are closer to the posited Proto - Indo - European form than any other Indo - European languages — ancient or modern — can provide .
Let us , then , look at some examples .
For Proto - Indo - European , we reconstruct the word for ' wolf as follows : * WLKWOS .
The Lithuanian form today is vilkas , quite close to the posited form .
On the other hand , Sanskrit
( Old Indic ) has vrka — which means that Sanskrit had already replaced the Proto - Indo - European 1 by r.
For the same word , Greek has lukwos , Latin lupus ( most probably taken over from a dialect ) , Old Slavic vluku , Gothic wolfs , etc .
Let us now take this and some more examples and put them next to each other :
Proto - I.- E. Old Indic
( Sanskrit ) Latin Gothic Modern Lith .
* WLKwOS vrka- lupus wolfs vilkas ' wolf ' * SUNUS sunus(h ) -- sunus sūnus (h ) ' son ' * WERT vert - vart- virp- vert- ' to turn ' '
( Hundreds of similar examples could be easily found in various etymological dictionaries .
The best in English is : Carl Darling Buck , A Dictionary of Selected Synonyms in the Principal Indo- European Languages , Chicago , 1949 . )
Since we have undoubtedly " persuaded " every reader of this article to start learning Lithuanian without any delay , we feel obligated to provide this issue of Lituanus with a selected bibliography on the Lithuanian language and related problems .
This bibliography will follow as a separate short item .
Duke University computer scientist Susan Rodger is hoping ice skaters , cute animals and fearsome dragons will bring new talent to her field .
With support from the National Science Foundation , she and collaborators nationwide are using the power of storytelling to draw younger students into programming .
An animation program called " Alice , " invented by the late Randy Pausch of Carnegie Mellon University , allows student programmers of all ages to create their own worlds without realizing they 're actually writing code .
Rodger recalled the rush of introducing fourth - to - sixth graders to Alice during an annual event that brings elementary school girls to the Duke campus to meet with female professors .
" They learned Alice for half an hour , and then they got to create a world with it , " Rodger said .
" ' Oh , wow , look ! ' they told each other .
' Come here .
Show me .
Look at this !'
They were creating little stories with Alice , and in the process they were programming .
They did n't know they were doing programming , but they were . "
At Alice summer camps for middle - schoolers at Duke , " students were very engaged with Alice and were always asking for more time to work on their own worlds , " Rodger reported at the March 2009 Technical Symposium on Computer Science Education in Chattanooga , Tenn .
" After five or six hours of Alice each day , we still had difficulty getting them to stop , turn off their Alice worlds and logoff at the end of the day . "
Interestingly , those camps were " 50 percent male and 50 percent female , " she said .
advertisement
Attracting females is key to the future of computer science , Rodger says .
In 2008 , only 11.8 percent of U.S. bachelor 's degrees in computer science went to women , according to the Computing Research Association .
And Duke 's showing is hardly better , said Rodger , who is trying to turn that around by making programming fun to learn .
" In my most recent upper - level undergraduate course I had one female out of 15 students , and that 's pretty typical , " Rodger said .
" It 's a nationwide problem that there are n't many women in computer science in general .
For example , we only have three women faculty in our department , out of 24 positions .
And it 's been the same for the 15 years I 've been here . "
Rodger , a professor of the practice at Duke , thinks Alice breaks stereotypes about what computer science is as students solve problems by inventing scenarios within virtual worlds .
Those worlds are created by the students themselves , and populated with the objects , animals and people they introduce by drag - and - drop .
" It 's a very easy way to learn programming if you 've never done it before , " she said .
" It 's hard to make mistakes .
What you learn in the process are computer science concepts . "
Student projects in Rodger 's computer science course for non-majors recently included an animated nine - hole miniature golf course , complete with smoking volcano .
Another placed Sarah Palin in a " seaplane adventure " in which Alaska 's governor has to save her husband after his snowmobile breaks down .
A third was an elaborate board game called " Roll . "
Simpler projects , replete with mooing cows , hopping kangaroos , fire breathing dragons and bumper cars , would resonate with younger students , she said .
advertisement
Studies show Alice 's story - telling quality especially appeals to young women and minority students , Rodger said .
And Alice 's interactive computer games especially appeal to young men .
Rodger thinks early computer gaming draw a number of students to computer science , but those tend to be males .
" There are a lot of shoot - 'em - up games in particular that kids are playing , " she said .
" That turns off a lot of girls , who in general like to help people and tend to be more social . "
Alice can handle both tastes .
" Girls want to use animals and characters to tell a story , " she said .
" Boys want to use sci - fi objects , vehicles and lots of fire . "
Rodger realizes that incorporating Alice in her computer science course for non-majors will not in itself convince many more young women or men to enter her field if they 're already juniors or seniors .
So she 's focusing on the next generation , now learning Alice in the middle schools of Durham .
The National Science Foundation incentive has also created programs based in San Jose , Calif ; Denver , Charleston , S.C. and Oxford , Miss .
The next Alice events at Duke , all for teachers , will include a June 17 symposium and a series of workshops that month and in early July .
" It 's going to take four or five years to see if all those efforts are helping , " she said .
Sunday , July 26 , 2009
In my post about drawing ninjas , I mentioned that I had an idea for blending comic books and games , and I was trying to figure out where that idea came from .
Most of the ideas I have are combinations of other ideas , and occasionally they 're an idea I saw a long time ago , absorbed , completely forgot about , and then had it surface again .
I think this idea was sparked from a combination of things :
After reading Scott McCloud 's Understanding Comics , the comparison of time and space stuck in my head .
Games , videos , and audio present a sequences temporally , but books and comics present those temporal sequences by laying them out spatially .
Are there games that use the spatial layout of time ?
I played Passage , a game that represents time as a spatial dimension .
I played A Tale in the Desert , a massively multiplayer game in which a story unfolds from the collective actions of players .
I had also played World of Warcraft , in which all the regular monsters get reset too often to make a lasting difference , but even there I saw story - worthy events ( huge raids on cities , large social activities ) .
But how are these recorded ?
I got a new computer , which came with a neat little program called Comic Life .
This application makes it easy to create comic strips and add thought / speech bubbles .
I played Oblivion , in which I 'm playing through a story .
The quest NPCs know what part of the story I 'm on , and can react appropriately .
But it 's a big open world and I can do lots of things , including side quests for various guilds .
Unfortunately the tale of what I actually did is n't anywhere ; what 's encoded in the game is what I 'm supposed to do on the main quest .
The Sims and Spore are also storytelling games but the stories I read were outside the game itself .
In strategy games , I want to see the history of battles on the map .
In adventure games , I want to see the history of my progress , not only successes but also failures .
Sports games are n't just about who won but about the great events during the games .
In Chess I often want to see just the key moves that turned the game .
Some of these games have timelines or replays or screenshots , which help with what I 'm looking for , but they do n't go far enough .
Comic books seem like a nice medium for recording history .
At the extreme , I could imagine using the comic book format for both the history and the “ live ” game .
The rightmost panel would be the game , and the other panels would show what you 've done :
As you play , “ screenshots ” of the significant events turn into static panels , which scroll off to the left .
At the end of each chapter / level you can go back and see the history of what you did .
At the end of the game you can go back to see the entire game history , and then if you want , you would annotate it ( with speech bubbles etc. ) and share it with friends .
You could click on those panels to show a replay of that event .
The are plenty of open questions here : what are the most significant events ?
What screenshot do you pick to convey the event ?
How many events do you want to capture ?
Should you ask the player to replay the event and pick the best point ?
Does this format give people enough context to understand the story ?
Will anyone want to share these stories ?
It was with that idea in mind that I started working on the ninja animation .
However , I lost interest in that ( I seem to lose interest in lots of things I start ) and do n't know if I will ever return to it .
I still think keeping history and stories has n't been explored enough in games , and in just about every game I play , I can think of features that would help with history / stories .
Storage has become very cheap ; let 's record a lot more .
Update : [ 2012-04-02 ]
See Storyteller , an interesting experimental game that 's based on directly manipulating comic strips to build a story .
Update : [ 2017-03-08 ]
Final Fantasy XV uses photos of significant events to tell a story .
Labels : ideas
Hey , did you know that yesterday was my friend Emmy ’s birthday ?
So of course I helped her celebrate with a little Laserpony Jam !
Images bordered in girly - girl pink were drawn by Emmy as she giggled and drank tea , while panels bordered in macho manly blue were drawn by me , clenching the pen in my monster - truck - like fist .
THE END … UNTIL NEXT YEAR !
A commuter walks on a platform at Gare du Nord train station in Paris , January 29 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Benoit Tessier
PARIS ( Reuters ) - French police called off their search for a woman who threw herself in front of a speeding train when they found that she had dragged herself home and gone to bed , a court source told Reuters Wednesday .
The 58 - year - old , who suffered from depression , jumped in front of the train Tuesday as it sped through the station at Herrlisheim near Strasbourg at around 150 km per hour , prompting the driver to alert the police .
Discovering only a small blood stain on the train and the platform , police called in helicopters to find the woman who they presumed had been sent flying by the collision , public prosecutor Laurent Guy said Wednesday .
But the search was called off when the woman ’s partner , returning from a night shift , found her lying in bed with a broken arm and other injuries and rang the emergency services .
The woman , who had attempted suicide in the past , was subsequently hospitalized .
Fat Princess : Fistful of Cake was recently announced for PlayStation Portable .
Some new details have come out for the title , which will be almost identical to the PS3 version .
The PlayStation Portable ’s lineup is really shaping up this year , and is definitely becoming the most dominant handheld system out there .
Sony Computer Entertainment Europe revealed via their press center that Fat Princess : Fistful of Cake will feature all the frantic gameplay of the original Fat Princess , and will also include six additional levels only on PSP .
Stay tuned on PlayStation LifeStyle for even more information on Fat Princess : Fistful of Cake .
[ Source ]
It 's summer , so the cinemas are cluttered with films unfit for human consumption .
CGI has ruined everything .
Do n't get me wrong : I love computer graphics .
I thought Wall - E was brilliant .
I 'm even excited by the prospect of next year 's Tron sequel .
CGI is great when it has earned the right to be there .
Kneejerk CGI action , however , is the single most tiresome development of the 21st century .
In 2007 I saw Die Hard 4.0 on the big screen .
It was the 3,000 ft computer - generated straw that broke the 3D camel 's back .
Towards the end of the film there 's a lengthy sequence in which antediluvian tough guy Bruce Willis ( played by Touché Turtle ) hurtles along in an articulated lorry while a fighter jet tries to stop him by machine - gunning the entire world to pieces .
The scene grows steadily more outlandish : huge sections of highway buckle and collapse ; the truck swerves and tumbles and is literally shredded by bullets ;
Bruce leaps on to the back of the jet and leaps off just as it explodes in a massive fireball .
And it 's boring .
Unbelievably boring .
At any given moment , only 17 % of what you 're watching is real , and you know it .
You 're not immersed in the slightest .
At best you 're impressed by the rendering of the smoke plumes .
It would genuinely have been more exciting to replace the entire chase with a scene in which the bad guy made Bruce stand at one end of a bar and threatened to shoot him unless he successfully tossed a dried pea into a novelty Charlie Brown eggcup down by the toilet door before the alarm went off on his iPhone .
The second Transformers movie came out this year .
I did n't fight for a ticket .
I 'd caught the first one by accident .
It was like being pinned to the ground while an angry dishwasher shat in your face for two hours .
Any human dumb enough to voluntarily sit through a second helping of that unremitting fecal spew really ought to just get up and leave the planet via the nearest window before their continued presence does lasting damage to the gene pool .
CGI is n't the only villain .
On Friday , a remake of The Taking of Pelham One Two Three opened in British cinemas .
The 1974 original is a brilliant , grubby little thriller ; the perfect heist movie .
The remake is directed by Tony Scott and stars Denzel Washington and John Travolta .
Merely reading that sentence should be enough to give even the most blase film buff cancer of the enthusiasm .
Obviously , these are desperate times .
With that in mind , here are three deceptively great movie ideas for Hollywood to pinch at its leisure :
Title Come Alive !
Synopsis God decides to grant evangelical preacher Will Ferrell the power to heal the sick with his fingertips .
But the almighty 's lightning bolt misses its target , hitting Will 's penis instead .
Now
Will is cursed with the miraculous ability to cure any disease or fix any injury – but only if he has full sexual intercourse with the patient .
Since
Will is also a 45 - year - old unmarried virgin with strong views on sex outside marriage , it wo n't be an easy ride !
Review
What starts as a regulation gross - out comedy soon takes an unsettling turn as Will faces an agonising ­ decision at his father 's deathbed , before building to a frankly unbelievable conclusion in which a terrorist cell releases the Ebola virus in the local donkey sanctuary . . . and only one man can save the day .
Title Hollywood Mosquito 3D
Synopsis Seizing on the current vogue for 3D Imax releases , Hollywood Mosquito 3D is a cinematic spectacle shot entirely from the point of view of a hungry mosquito flying around Los Angeles during a heatwave .
Filmed with microscopic high - definition cameras , the action consists of eye - popping and shockingly frank sequences in which the naked , breathing bodies of your favourite Hollywood stars are transformed into immense , surreal landscapes : living canyons of flesh for you to fly over , around . . . even inside .
Review
No blemish is left secret , no crevice goes unexplored , and absolutely no blushes are spared in this bluntly explicit thrill ride starring Harvey Keitel , Megan Fox , Philip Seymour Hoffman , Anjelica Huston , Mickey Rourke and Zac Efron .
Title Nic Cage : My Life as John Lennon the Cow
Synopsis
In this groundbreaking experimental documentary and extreme " method acting " challenge Nicolas Cage spends an entire year living life as a cow – standing in fields , eating grass , crapping on all fours , with no human contact whatsoever .
Having spent 365 days becoming fully immersed in the cow mindset , he is unceremoniously whisked to New York 's Dakota building where he must simulate the last eight weeks of John Lennon 's life while retaining his bovine perspective and continuing to wear his prosthetic hooves .
Review Cage 's brave attempt to experience Lennon 's final days through a cow 's eyes offers a refreshing insight into the ex-Beatle 's musical genius , as well as a hilarious scene in which , frustrated by his inability to play the chords to Jealous Guy thanks to his hooves , he angrily butts his head against the sideboard and drops a manpat on the carpet .
There you go , dream factory .
Yours for the taking .
And all I ask in return is an on - screen credit , an embroidered baseball cap , and $ 750 m .
Shortly after announcing last week ’s “ Search Options , ” Google offered a peek behind the scenes of its decision - making process and how the company arrived at the current version of Search Options .
But they did reveal a little too much in the process ?
Google Operating System did a close examination into one of the screenshots
Google shared showing designs that were n’t used :
That image includes several search options that are n’t available in the live version of Search Options , including :
show results in certain languages
show / group results by topic
show results on a map
group results by people
group results “ by topic on a map ”
show page previews of each search result
show pages “ I ’ve seen before ” or “ I ’ve never seen ”
Page previews has been done before on Ask.com and other sites .
There ’s a hint there about a people - based search coming from Google .
The last one seems interesting — the ability to change search results to include or remove results that you ’ve clicked on before .
It begs a couple questions :
If these options were included in some of the unused designs , how come they ’re not available in the current Search Options menu ?
And , are these some of the enhancements we ’ll see in the future ?
Zero population growth might be a worthy goal for the planet , but we hope Massachusetts never gets to that point .
Population growth equals political clout in Congress , so it 's important that commonwealth count every single soul .
As the nation prepares to conduct the 2010 census , however , the numbers are n't looking good .
Northeasterners continue to flee the region for the South and West - where the climate is warmer and housing is less expensive .
It 's a trend analysts predict will hurt the ability of the Bay State - and other northern states - to be heard in Washington .
Officials say Massachusetts stands to lose one of its 10 congressional districts after next year 's census is taken .
The state 's population is up a scant 2.3 percent from 2000 to 2008 , compared with 8 percent nationally , and the disparity is expected to continue next year and beyond .
The potential loss of a congressional seat would be felt more keenly in Massachusetts than in other states .
Members of the state 's congressional delegation , all Democrats , make up one of the most powerful groups in Washington .
For example , Boston Rep. Barney Frank is chairman of the House Financial Services Committee ; Springfield 's U.S. Rep. Richard E. Neal is a member and subcommittee chairman on the Ways and Means Committee ; and John W. Olver of Amherst is a high - ranking member of the Appropriations Committee .
Without that combined clout , Massachusetts would have more trouble jockeying for federal funds to pay for programs ranging from health care to highway improvements , and from bridge construction to child care .
We applaud the efforts of the Massachusetts Secretary of State William Galvin and Census Bureau for developing outreach programs that stress the importance of being counted .
The power of our 10 - member delegation can't be discounted .
We urge the good citizens of the state to stand up and be counted when the census takers knock on the door .
A high count is critical for the health of the commonwealth .
But the we must look beyond 2010 .
State policy makers , business and community leaders must put their heads together to find ways to encourage growth and stop the exodus from Massachusetts .
Police legal advisors from across the nation gathered at the IACP Conference to learn from each other and compare notes on legal developments in law enforcement legal topics across the country .
Several presenters discussed the case of Arizona v. Gant and its impact on the search incident to arrest doctrine .
Legal officers joined with police physicians for a panel examining the safe use of electronic control devices .
Carl Milazzo of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center was joined by the DEA Training Academy ’s Jayme Holcomb and the FBI ’s Jonathan Rudd in a session exploring the search incident to arrest doctrine applied to cell phones and GPS devices in the post - Gant world .
Elliot Spector , a fixture at the IACP updates on civil liability , presented the latest cases on racial profiling , false arrest , as well as search and seizure liability .
The Americans for Effective Law Enforcement has graciously provided access to all of the presentations and papers from the 2009 Legal Officers Section meetings and posted them here .
An employment law update , including a discussion of the Supreme Court ’s decision in the Connecticut firefighter promotional exam case of Ricci v. DiStephano , was presented by Orlando City Police advisors Jody Litchfield and Lee Ann Freeman .
In that case , the Supreme Court ruled that the City of New Haven violated the Civil Rights
Act by tossing out the results of a test where 18 Hispanic and white firefighters passed the promotional exam , but no black firefighters achieved a passing score .
The city believed that the test had a disparate impact on black firefighters seeking promotion to lieutenant and captain positions .
The case drew national attention because then - judge Sonia Sotomayor was on the appellate court panel affirming the city ’s decision .
Cases decided in the 2008 - 2009 term
Arizona v. Johnson , 129 S.Ct. 781 ( 2009 )
Johnson was the backseat passenger in a car stopped for a traffic violation .
Johnson ’s behavior and clothing prompted questioning .
The officer learned that Johnson was from a town with a Crips gang and that he ’d served prison time .
The officer asked Johnson to get out of the car to question him further about his gang affiliation .
The officer suspected that Johnson was armed and frisked him , feeling a gun .
A further search revealed that he was holding marijuana .
Johnson began to struggle , and the officer handcuffed him .
Johnson was charged with possession of drugs and possession of a weapon by felon .
The Arizona Court of Appeals held that Johnson was lawfully seized during the encounter by virtue of being a passenger in a car that was lawfully stopped for an insurance violation .
The Arizona court also held that the initial encounter between the officer and Johnson was voluntary .
However , the court stated that once the officer began to question Johnson on a matter unrelated to the traffic stop , the frisk authority ceased , unless there was independent reasonable suspicion that Johnson had committed a crime .
In Terry v. Ohio , 391 U.S. 1 ( 1968 ) , the Supreme Court ruled that an officer may conduct a frisk when two conditions are present .
First , the investigatory stop must be lawful , based on reasonable suspicion that the person detained is committing , is about to commit , or has committed , a crime .
Second , to progress from a stop to a frisk , the officer must reasonably suspect that the person stopped is armed and dangerous .
Two years ago , in Brendlin v. California , 551 U.S. 249 ( 2007 ) , the Supreme Court held that a traffic stop constitutes a seizure of a vehicle ’s passengers as well as the driver .
The temporary seizure of the vehicle occupants normally remains reasonable for the duration of the stop .
The Court held that Johnson remained lawfully seized for the duration of the traffic stop .
Thus , the first requirement of the Terry v. Ohio frisk rule was satisfied .
Because there was also reasonable suspicion that Johnson was armed , the frisk was proper .
Arizona v. Johnson also answered another vital question for street cops .
Four years ago , in Muehler v. Mena , 544 U.S. 93 ( 2005 ) , the Supreme Court held that mere police questioning on a topic unrelated to the initial reason for an otherwise lawful investigatory detention does not create a further seizure requiring a further legal basis .
Muehler was a case of a detention during a search warrant execution at a home .
Many courts subsequently applied its reasoning to questioning at traffic stops .
Some ruled that an officer ’s questioning must be strictly limited to the purpose of the traffic stop ; others disagreed .
A unanimous Supreme Court has now resolved this important question .
The Court held : “ An officer 's inquiries into matters unrelated to the justification for the traffic stop , this Court has made plain , do not convert the encounter into something other than a lawful seizure , so long as those inquiries do not measurably extend the duration of the stop . ”
Arizona v. Gant , 129 S.Ct. 1710 ( 2009 )
The United States Supreme Court restricted the search incident to arrest doctrine , rejecting a broad reading of New York v. Belton , 453 U.S. 454 ( 1981 ) .
In Arizona v. Gant , the Court overturned the search incident to arrest of Rodney Gant ’s car after Gant was arrested for driving with a suspended license , handcuffed and secured in the back of a patrol car with several officers at the scene .
Officers found cocaine in Gant ’s car during the search incident to the driver license arrest .
The Court held that a search of the passenger compartment of a vehicle following an arrest is allowed “ only if [ 1 ] the arrestee is within reaching distance of the passenger compartment at the time of the search or [ 2 ] it is reasonable to believe the vehicle contains evidence of the offense of arrest .
When these justifications are absent , a search of an arrestee 's vehicle will be unreasonable unless police obtain a warrant or show that another exception to the warrant requirement applies . ”
In Chimel v. California , 395 U. S. 752 ( 1969 ) , the Supreme Court approved a search incident to arrest of the “ lunge area ” on two theories .
First , the suspect could reach a weapon and endanger the officer .
Second , the suspect could grab and destroy evidence .
Once the suspect is handcuffed and moved away from the vehicle , the suspect ’s ability to reach evidence or a weapon is eliminated , or at least significantly reduced .
Thus , no search incident to arrest is permissible under the rationale that the suspect can destroy evidence or reach a weapon .
One of the practical dangers of the decision in Arizona v. Gant is that some officers may conclude that there is a practical balancing act , a tactical trade off .
Leave the suspect unsecured , unhandcuffed , and near the car , and there remains the possibility that that suspect would lunge toward a weapon and thus , the legal justification for the search remains .
The legal justification may come at the cost of a significant risk to the officers ’ safety .
Five years ago , in Thornton v. United States , 541 U. S. 615 ( 2004 ) , the Court recognized that a search of a vehicle incident to the arrest of a recent occupant may be also justified “ when it is reasonable to believe evidence relevant to the crime of arrest might be found in the vehicle . ”
The Gant decision also leaves this holding intact .
Because Gant and the other two suspects were in custody , handcuffed and secured in separate police cars , the Court refused to apply the Chimel lunge or reaching justification to the case .
And because Gant was arrested for a driver license violation , the Thornton evidentiary search holding would not apply .
It was not reasonable to believe that the vehicle held evidence of Gant ’s suspended driver license status .
Gant holds that once the arrestee is secured , a search incident to arrest of the vehicle is lawful only when there is reason to believe that the vehicle holds evidence of the underlying crime on which the arrest is based .
Gant does not foreclose other search doctrines that may apply to particular cases .
Fourth Amendment warrant clause exceptions of consent , probation / parole search , exigent circumstances , vehicle “ frisk ” for weapons upon appropriate reasonable suspicion , inventory and community caretaking , continue to potentially apply .
Ashcroft v. Iqbal , 129 S.Ct. 1937 ( 2009 )
This case offers substantial protection to officers and supervisors facing claims of discriminatory law enforcement .
In the months following the September 11 , 2009 , the FBI and other law enforcement agencies received over 90,000 tips regarding the September 11 terrorist attacks .
The usual — and some of the not - so - usual — suspects were rounded up .
One such suspect was Javaid Iqbal , a New York cable television installer .
Iqbal was incarcerated in the Metropolitan Detention Center in Brooklyn , New York , in the Administrative Maximum Special Housing Unit .
Iqbal claimed that he was beaten and called names .
He was convicted of fraudulently using another person ’s Social Security card and number and was deported to Pakistan .
He sued a number of law enforcement officials , including FBI Director Robert Mueller and former United States Attorney General John Ashcroft .
He claimed that Mueller and Ashcroft personally condoned his incarceration and incarceration of others based on their religious affiliation and ethnic origin .
A slender 5 - 4 majority held that the complaint failed to plead sufficient facts to state a claim for purposeful and unlawful discrimination .
The Court has previously ruled that the theories of respondeat superior and vicarious liability cannot be employed to impose liability under Section 1983 or a Bivens action on a command or policy level official for the acts of their subordinates .
Ashcroft v. Iqbal extends protection to law enforcement supervisors accused of acquiescing in discriminatory conduct by requiring plaintiffs to show the supervisors ’ discriminatory purpose , and in use of force cases by requiring plaintiffs to show that the supervisors knew of and acquiesced in the use of force , and had a sadistic purpose in their actions .
Herring v. United States , 129 S.Ct. 695 ( 2009 )
Herring went to the Coffee County Sheriff ’s impound yard to check on one of his vehicles that had been impounded .
As he was leaving , a deputy saw Herring , recognized him , and checked for an arrest warrant .
When the deputy found no warrant in Coffee County , he asked a clerk to telephone the neighboring Dale County Sheriff and check for warrants .
The Dale County Sheriff ’s clerk stated that there was an arrest warrant for Herring .
The deputy stopped Herring , arrested him , searched him , and found a handgun and some methamphetamine .
However , within 10 to 15 minutes of the call to the Dale County Sheriff , the clerk called back and said that the warrant had been recalled and was not valid .
Due to negligent record - keeping by the court clerk , the warrant was “ active ” in the computer database .
Herring asked to have the gun and drug evidence suppressed .
The Court of Appeals refused , holding that the good faith exception to the Fourth Amendment exclusionary rule should apply .
Herring appealed to the United States Supreme Court , which upheld the court of appeals ’ decision .
For the first time ever , the Supreme Court extended the good faith exception to the exclusionary rule for constitutional violations arising from an officer ’s error and not merely a court worker ’s mistake .
This decision follows on the 2006 ruling in Hudson v. Michigan , 547 U.S. 586 ( 2006 ) , in which the Supreme Court refused to apply the exclusionary rule as a sanction for a violation of the knock and announce rule in search warrant execution .
The Court noted , exclusion “ has always been our last resort , not our first impulse . ”
The Court focused on the flagrancy of the error , whether suppression was likely to determine future errors of a similar nature , and whether exclusion of the evidence outweighs the harm to justice incurred when a guilty person goes free .
In applying the good faith exception to Herring ’s situation , the Court emphasized that it “ did not find the record - keeping error to be reckless or deliberate . ”
Though the Court also left open the possibility that not all police record keeping errors are covered by the good faith exception to the exclusionary rule , it directed lower courts to consider whether such errors are systemic , or whether police have recklessly or intentionally entered false information into a database .
The Court was sharply divided , with four justices agreeing that exclusion of evidence is the proper remedy for negligent errors in police record - keeping .
The decision seems to signal that the Court wants to see the Exclusionary Rule applied for its original purpose : to deter police misconduct .
Kansas v. Ventris , 129 S.Ct. 1841 ( 2009 )
Donnie Ray Ventris and his girlfriend confronted Hicks at Hicks ’s home .
Polite conversation went downhill and Hicks was shot and killed .
Ventris and the girlfriend took a bunch of his stuff .
When arrested , Ventris and his girlfriend each claimed that the other did the shooting .
One has to wonder whether the relationship lasted !
While in prison awaiting trial , Ventris shared a cell with Doser , a probation violator who had been specifically recruited by the police to listen for any incriminating information from Ventris .
In exchange for this information , the prosecution offered to release Doser from probation and spare him the possibility of serving additional prison time .
Doser subsequently told police that Ventris privately admitted to being the one who shot Hicks and took his possessions .
At trial , Ventris took the stand and testified that it was his girlfriend who drew the gun and shot Hicks .
The prosecution called Doser to testify about Ventris ’s alleged jailhouse confession .
Ventris objected to this testimony on the ground that the police had violated his Sixth Amendment rights because Doser , acting as an undercover informant , had effectively interrogated him in the absence of his counsel and without a knowing and voluntary waiver of his Sixth Amendment rights .
The prosecution conceded that Ventris ’s Sixth Amendment rights had been violated , but it argued that the testimony should nonetheless be admissible for purposes of impeachment that is , to contradict Ventris ’s own testimony and thereby call his truthfulness into question .
Ventris was ultimately convicted of aggravated robbery and aggravated battery .
The Court held that any benefits from exclusion in these circumstances are greatly outweighed by its costs .
The costs of exclusion are substantial , as it would offer a shield to defendants who take the stand at trial and then commit perjury .
The marginal deterrence achieved through exclusion , on the other hand , would be small , since the prosecution is already significantly deterred when these uncounseled statements are barred from its case in chief .
Melendez - Diaz v. Massachusetts , 129 S.Ct. 2527 ( 2009 )
This case may well have the biggest financial impact in many years on the cost of policing and prosecution .
Boston police officers arrested Luis Melendez - Diaz as he sold cocaine sale in a K - Mart parking lot .
One wonders whether the police considered the case to be a blue light special .
At trial , bags of the cocaine allegedly sold by Melendez - Diaz were introduced into evidence along with the drug analysis certificates from a state lab technician who analyzed the drugs and identified them as cocaine .
The jury convicted Melendez - Diaz of distributing cocaine .
Melendez - Diaz argued on appeal that the prosecution ’s introduction of the drug analysis certificates violated his Sixth Amendment confrontation right under Crawford v. Washington .
After Crawford , a defendant has the right to demand that either a hearsay declarant testify or that the prosecution show that the declarant is unavailable and that the defendant had a prior opportunity for cross examination .
Prior to the Court ’s decision in this case , 44 states and the District of Columbia allowed the prosecution to introduce laboratory technicians ’ certificates to identify illicit drugs .
In the first few years after Crawford v. Washington , the Court denied certiorari in cases seeking to challenge the admission of such certificates as “ testimonial . ”
Dozens of states , and many national organizations , filed amicus briefs supporting the State of Massachusetts .
Massachusetts argued that the Confrontation Clause was traditionally applied to statements made to police by eyewitnesses to a crime , and not peripheral witnesses such as forensic technicians .
The state urged the Court to examine the character of lab reports at being consistent with the sort of public records that fit an accepted exception to the hearsay prohibition .
Melendez - Diaz countered that the reports are prepared expressly for the purpose of aiding a criminal prosecution , and therefore lack the objective character of other public records .
The Court held that the lab technicians ’ affidavits are testimonial and are subject to the Court ’s holding in Crawford v. Washington .
Massachusetts had also argued that the defense was free to call the lab technician and the Court rejected that claim .
Only four days after issuing the opinion in Melendez - Diaz , the Court granted certiorari in Commonwealth v. Magruder , 657 S.E.2d 113 , cert .
granted sub nom Briscoe v. Virginia , No. 07 1191 ( June 29 , 2009 ) and will squarely address the question of “ If a State allows a prosecutor to introduce a certificate of forensic laboratory analysis , without presenting the testimony of the analyst who prepared the certificate , does the State avoid violating the Confrontation Clause of the Sixth Amendment by providing that the accused has a right to call the analyst as his own witness ? ”
The Court stated that “ the sky will not fall ” after its ruling .
Perhaps not , but the day - to - day business of prosecuting alcohol and drug offenses will become far more complicated .
Though this decision significantly impacts the prosecution burden , it may well be that a middle ground will be found in most cases .
An effective defense attorney recognizes the value in stipulating to chemical testing when there is no advantage to be gained .
Most technicians are excellent witnesses and their testimony generally scores points only for the prosecution .
Defense attorneys may also exercise caution in irritating judges , juries and even prosecutors with unnecessary demands that the laboratory staff testify .
On the other hand , there are often advantages in cross examining even the best witness in a close case .
Some states already have notice statutes applying to laboratory tests .
The Court observed that these “ notice - and - demand statutes require the prosecution to provide notice to the defendant of its intent to use an analyst ’s report as evidence at trial , after which the defendant is given a period of time in which he may object to the admission of the evidence absent the analyst ’s appearance live at trial . ”
Because these statutes do not shift the burden , they are constitutional .
Melendez - Diaz is certain to generate legislative action and additional litigation .
One immediate question is whether the calibration affidavits used to certify breath alcohol testing devices and the calibration affidavits for other laboratory equipment will fall under the shadow of Crawford and Melendez - Diaz .
Pearson v. Callahan , 129 S.Ct. 808 ( 2009 )
Though not a widely - heralded case from this year , this case is a great win for attorneys who defend police officers in civil rights lawsuits .
A confidential informant told officers that he could buy methamphetamine from Afton Callahan .
The CI went to Callahan ’s home and Callahan invited him into the home .
After seeing methamphetamine , the CI gave a pre arranged signal and officers entered the home .
They had neither an arrest warrant nor a search warrant .
During the entry , an officer saw Callahan drop what was later identified as a bag of methamphetamine .
During the criminal appeal , the prosecution conceded the lack of warrant and the lack of exigent circumstances for the entry .
Callahan prevailed and the Utah Court of Appeals reversed his conviction .
Callahan then sued for damages in federal court .
The Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit found that the “ consent once removed ” doctrine was not applicable when the person entering by consent is not a police officer .
The Court of Appeals ruled that the officers violated Callahan ’s civil rights , and that they were not entitled to qualified immunity because they should have known that they were violating Callahan ’s rights .
The Supreme Court reversed the Court of Appeals and held that the officers were entitled to qualified immunity from suit .
However , the critical holding in the Supreme Court decision does not resolve the issue of “ consent once removed . ”
Though the officers are victorious in the litigation , the real value of this case is that the Court took the opportunity to revise the rule of Saucier v. Katz , 533 U.S. 194 ( 2001 ) .
Saucier imposed an analytical model that required a court deciding the issue of qualified immunity for officers to first decide whether the facts alleged by a plaintiff actually rose to the level of a constitutional violation , and then decide whether the constitutional right allegedly violated was “ clearly established ” at the time of the violation .
Many lower courts had criticized the rigid analytical approach , arguing that some cases could be resolved by more expedient means .
The true benefit of this decision is to allow federal courts more flexibility in dealing with civil rights cases and ultimately to save litigation costs and headaches .
Cases to be decided in this term
Carr v. United States , No. 08-1301
Thomas Carr plead guilty to sexual abuse in 2004 .
Two years later , Congress passed the Sex Offender Notification Act , requiring all states to provide a public web site with photographs and information about registered sex offenders .
Upon Carr ’s release from prison , he was required to register as a sex offender .
He moved from Alabama to Indiana and was arrested in 2007 .
Carr was charged with failing to register as a sex offender upon his move to Indiana , in violation of the 2006 federal law .
He claimed that the ex post facto doctrine prohibited his prosecution on a law that did not exist when he was originally convicted as a sex offender .
The Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit rejected Carr ’s claim .
Other federal appellate courts have reached differing results on the application of the sex offender registration statute to persons convicted of sex crimes prior to its passage .
The high court will also consider another sex offender appeal in United States v. Comstock , in which the Court will determine the constitutionality of keeping a dangerous sex offender incarcerated after the completion of a prison sentence for the underlying crimes .
Berghuis v. Smith , No. 08-1402
This case will revisit the concept of racial proportionality in the jury pool .
Diapolis Smith was convicted of murder by an all - white jury .
He claimed that the jury pool in Michigan had too few blacks .
Black prospective jurors were often excused for work , transportation and child care issues .
The Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals held in Smith ’s favor , ruling that the statistical analysis showed systemic exclusion of blacks in the jury pool .
The Supreme Court will decide whether Smith ’s conviction should be tossed on those grounds .
Berghuis v. Thompkins , No. 08 1470
Van Chester Thompkins was convicted of a 2001 murder .
Shortly after his arrest , officers provided a Miranda warning .
Thompkins said that he understood his rights .
However , he did not offer an explicit waiver of his rights .
During the interrogation , Thompkins occasionally nodded his head , made eye contact with the officers and answered some questions verbally .
An officer asked him if he “ prayed for forgiveness for shooting that boy down ” and Thompkins clearly said “ yes . ”
Thompkins claimed that his less - than - open communications with the officers should have lead them to understand that he did not wish to waive his Miranda rights .
The Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals tossed out his confession .
The Michigan Attorney General argues that , “ Neither Miranda or its progeny prohibit interaction between an officer and a defendant after warnings have been given and acknowledged but before the invocation of rights . ”
Florida v. Powell , No. 08-1175
Kevin Powell was arrested and taken to the police station for interrogation .
The officers told him that he had a right to consult an attorney before questioning .
However , the form of the Miranda warning given did not include a statement that he had the right to have an attorney present during questioning .
The trial court found that was not a sufficient breach of the Miranda rule to trigger exclusion of his admissions .
The Florida Court of Appeals and Florida Supreme Court disagreed , reversing his conviction .
The United State Supreme Court will now decide whether the flawed warning was fatal to a valid interrogation .
McDonald v. Chicago , No. 08-1521
Nearly two centuries passed before the Supreme Court decided a landmark case under the Second Amendment .
Following on the heels of District of Columbia v. Heller , which held that the right to bear arms is a personal right , this appeal asks the Supreme Court to determine that the City of Chicago ’s ban on handguns , as well as certain other restrictions on long guns , are unconstitutional .
The theory relied upon by the plaintiff is that the Selective Incorporation doctrine of the Fourteenth Amendment ’s Due Process Clause forces the City of Chicago to recognize that personal handgun ownership is an individual constitutional right .
The case is certain to generate substantial interest among law professors and constitutional scholars because the petition also asks the Supreme Court to entirely overrule the Slaughter - House Cases .
These were a series of three cases decided just after the Civil War that the Fourteenth Amendment did not requirer application of fundamental civil rights to the various states ’ ( and local ) governments .
If the Slaughter - House Cases are overturned , it likely means that the right to a jury in a civil case and the right to a grand jury in a criminal case will automatically be binding upon state governments .
Thus , the irony of the case is that conservative gun rights advocates are pressing an issue that stands to advance a cause promoted for many years by civil libertarians often associated with more liberal causes .
Supreme Court resource sites :
Reddit Email 0 Shares
Top Pieces of Evidence that the Iranian Presidential Election Was Stolen
1 . It is claimed that Ahmadinejad won the city of Tabriz with 57 % .
His main opponent , Mir Hossein Mousavi , is an Azeri from Azerbaijan province , of which Tabriz is the capital .
Mousavi , according to such polls as exist in Iran and widespread anecdotal evidence , did better in cities and is popular in Azerbaijan .
Certainly , his rallies there were very well attended .
So for an Azeri urban center to go so heavily for Ahmadinejad just makes no sense .
In past elections , Azeris voted disproportionately for even minor presidential candidates who hailed from that province .
2. Ahmadinejad is claimed to have taken Tehran by over 50 % .
Again , he is not popular in the cities , even , as he claims , in the poor neighborhoods , in part because his policies have produced high inflation and high unemployment .
That he should have won Tehran is so unlikely as to raise real questions about these numbers .
[ Ahmadinejad is widely thought only to have won Tehran in 2005 because the pro-reform groups were discouraged and stayed home rather than voting . )
3 . It is claimed that cleric Mehdi Karoubi , the other reformist candidate , received 320,000 votes , and that he did poorly in Iran ’s western provinces , even losing in Luristan .
He is a Lur and is popular in the west , including in Kurdistan .
Karoubi received 17 percent of the vote in the first round of presidential elections in 2005 .
While it is possible that his support has substantially declined since then , it is hard to believe that he would get less than one percent of the vote .
Moreover , he should have at least done well in the west , which he did not .
4. Mohsen Rezaie , who polled very badly and seems not to have been at all popular , is alleged to have received 670,000 votes , twice as much as Karoubi .
5. Ahmadinejad ’s numbers were fairly standard across Iran ’s provinces .
In past elections there have been substantial ethnic and provincial variations .
6 . The Electoral Commission is supposed to wait three days before certifying the results of the election , at which point they are to inform Khamenei of the results , and he signs off on the process .
The three - day delay is intended to allow charges of irregularities to be adjudicated .
In this case , Khamenei immediately approved the alleged results .
I am aware of the difficulties of catching history on the run .
Some explanation may emerge for Ahmadinejad ’s upset that does not involve fraud .
For instance , it is possible that he has gotten the credit for spreading around a lot of oil money in the form of favors to his constituencies , but somehow managed to escape the blame for the resultant high inflation .
But just as a first reaction , this post- election situation looks to me like a crime scene .
And here is how I would reconstruct the crime .
As the real numbers started coming into the Interior Ministry late on Friday , it became clear that Mousavi was winning .
Mousavi ’s spokesman abroad , filmmaker Mohsen Makhbalbaf , alleges that the ministry even contacted Mousavi ’s camp and said it would begin preparing the population for this victory .
The ministry must have informed Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei , who has had a feud with Mousavi for over 30 years , who found this outcome unsupportable .
And , apparently , he and other top leaders had been so confident of an Ahmadinejad win that they had made no contingency plans for what to do if he looked as though he would lose .
They therefore sent blanket instructions to the Electoral Commission to falsify the vote counts .
This clumsy cover - up then produced the incredible result of an Ahmadinejad landlside in Tabriz and Isfahan and Tehran .
The reason for which Rezaie and Karoubi had to be assigned such implausibly low totals was to make sure Ahmadinejad got over 51 % of the vote and thus avoid a run-off between him and Mousavi next Friday , which would have given the Mousavi camp a chance to attempt to rally the public and forestall further tampering with the election .
This scenario accounts for all known anomalies and is consistent with what we know of the major players .
More in my column , just out , in Salon.com : “ Ahmadinejad reelected under cloud of fraud , ” where I argue that the outcome of the presidential elections does not and should not affect Obama ’s policies toward that country – they are the right policies and should be followed through on regardless .
The public demonstrations against the result do n’t appear to be that big .
In the past decade , reformers have always backed down in Iran when challenged by hardliners , in part because no one wants to relive the horrible Great Terror of the 1980s after the revolution , when faction - fighting produced blood in the streets .
Mousavi is still from that generation .
My own guess is that you have to get a leadership born after the revolution , who does not remember it and its sanguinary aftermath , before you get people willing to push back hard against the rightwingers .
So , there are protests against an allegedly stolen election .
The Basij paramilitary thugs and the Iranian Revolutionary Guards will break some heads .
Unless there has been a sea change in Iran , the theocrats may well get away with this soft coup for the moment .
But the regime ’s legitimacy will take a critical hit , and its ultimate demise may have been hastened , over the next decade or two .
What I ’ve said is full of speculation and informed guesses .
I ’d be glad to be proved wrong on several of these points .
Maybe I will be .
PS : Here ’s the data :
So here is what Interior Minister Sadeq Mahsouli said Saturday about the outcome of the Iranian presidential elections :
“ Of 39,165,191 votes counted ( 85 percent ) , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad won the election with 24,527,516 ( 62.63 percent ) . ”
He announced that Mir-Hossein Mousavi came in second with 13,216,411 votes ( 33.75 percent ) .
Mohsen Rezaei got 678,240 votes ( 1.73 percent )
Mehdi Karroubi with 333,635 votes ( 0.85 percent ) .
He put the void ballots at 409,389 ( 1.04 percent ) .
End / ( Not Continued )
“ There ’s a difference , ” I mused , while furiously scanning kinky profiles to find a couple of dozen that meet the insane criteria for my Nefarious Corporate purposes “ … for me there IS a difference between being obedient and being submissive . ”
This gets the attention of Mo ’s Internal Committee for a moment .
Today we ’ve had some shit rolling around that , in retrospect , really dug itself in yesterday but has been simmering for a couple of years .
I am not super adept at managing my emotionality on multiple fronts , so the past 6 months or so have been … challenging .
“ So , uh … what ’s the difference ? ” the MIC finally begrudgingly responds .
Like starved squirrels on a pack of peanuts they ’ve been worrying over the same shit for a while now , so a change of pace is a nice relief .
“ Unfortunately I have to dedicate a lot of bandwidth to external shit like … oh … work … so I do n’t have much room to process this fuckball right now . ”
I reply to the MIC , wincing at the florid overwrought prose of a self - styled “ Master_Sir_Mucketymuck ” demanding the submission of every nubile slender single female reader of his profile .
The MIC grumbles snippily “ You ca n’t bloody well bring that shit up and then claim work - impunity here .
Do n’t fuck around with us .
We ’ve gotten you on the brink of tears TWICE today before 2:00 PM PDT , so it is n’t wise to be a fucking smartass . ”
I back off , because yeah , we ’ve been at it for hours now .
“ Fair enough , Committee .
What I ’m hitting my head against is this .
I often am obedient .
I do what I am supposed to do , follow the rules , smile and nod , but still try to maintain integrity .
And sometimes it is second nature .
And sometimes it is insufficiently contained , barely - restrained , sociopathic crazymaking energy .
Obedience I can do .
I click into it .
Submission is another animal .
No , not another animal …an animal and …a parasite ?
A symbiotic …no , no…wait … ”
MIC waits patiently as I fumble this one out .
Kinda patiently .
My
Id is idling now , feeling stabby and ready to go back to gnawing at the ragged feet of my self - esteem , hobbling under the weight of a metric fuckton of guilt and pride .
But they , unlike , me , have All / None of the time in the world .
SO they wait .
I take another breath .
“ What I think I ’m trying to say is that Obedience is the part that I can do , even when it sucks , but I do n’t have to like it .
Submission is the part I do even when I do n’t like it , but it becomes something I DO enjoy … because the submitting feels right . ”
The MIC mutters , and Bubbles , of course , knows what I ’m talking about .
Being the part of me that is addictive , she knows all about doing what you do n’t wanna do for the best and the worst reasons .
After a few minutes of confabulation , the MIC has an interim verdict .
“ You , ” they proclaim “ are a hot mess .
And you probably have no idea what the fuck you ’re talking about . ”
“ I do n’t , ” I reply “ and that is why I ’m writing this right now .
I ’m taking the 15 minutes I need to disgorge this cud and swallow it back to another stomach for continued ruminations …. ”
The Committee waves the yellow flag
“ Your Analogies are fucking grossing us the fuck out .
Please .
Just … just stop .
Yellow . ”
I back off again … mostly because I have lots of work to do but also because the Office Whistler is making it impossible for me to think .
“ Oh and doofus , do not fucking post this on your blog , ” they add “ because someone will sure as fuck , and rightfully so , advise you see someone about that MPD you have going untreated there . ”
I do n’t listen , of course .
But I do wonder , in the back of my mind , in a small cage with a smaller hamster , running running running … why it is so easy for me to be obedient but so hard for me to really deeply submit …
CANNABIS CULTURE – Cannabis Culture cartoonist Gary Wintle ’s weedy adventures smoking ‘ taima ’ in the Land of the Rising Fun .
[ View in high - quality ]
Japan is a place with a rich history of our pal marijuana ; also known as taima , kusa or happa .
Unfortunately , western influence put thousands of years of a ganja - happy society to an end .
Things are a lot different now than they were in the past but that ’s not to say Japan ’s not a hell of a trip !
[ View in high - quality ]
It ’s important to remember airport security when heading to Japan .
Carrying any “ suspicious items ” can lead to a crummy searching .
That , plus having a skunky little stowaway in your bag can lead to BIG problems !
“ Rastah ” fashion is huge right now , but most locals do n’t know much about toking .
Also , pot leaves look very similar to Japanese maple leaves , so most folks do n’t take any notice to the loads of ganja leaves decorating everything you can imagine !
But where ’s the freakin’ WEED !?
Scoring can be very tough in the land of the Rising fun .
Foreigners might get booted outta Japan for chronic capitalism , but locals ’ll likely face a much worse fate !
Act fast or you may be forced to take desperate measures to get high !
[ View in high - quality ]
Like most places around the world , finding what you need is a matter of networking .
Try places that speak English to avoid an extensive sign language session ( but prepare to pay an extra middleman fee ) .
Good pot-hunting spots include bars and outside head shops , but what ’s best is talking to any down - to - earth foreigner at the many bars and schools gaijin frequent .
And finally , patience is rewarded !
Ehhhh… ?
What - what !?
Expect a damn small amount of dank for a hefty price .
A gram of the goods often comes to a buzz - killing ¥ 5000 to ¥ 8000 !
That ’s a little over $ 50 to $ 80 , dude !!
Quality ’s actually pretty decent , but sometimes a bit random .
One day you ’ll get the golden Buddha bud , another you get stuff your stoner uncle would n’t bother giving away !
[ View in high - quality ]
Smokin ’ your stash in peace gets tricky when in such a busy country , but relax …
It ’s easy finding a semi- quiet place to use a trusty metal drink bottle for ninja high jinx !
Toking at home is always a great option !
There ’s shit loads of things like sticky sushi , addictive videogames , and tentacle - lovin ’ hentai that go just peachy with the mad chronic .
When toking in public …
… beware of local bike cops …
… silent , but deadly !!!
There ’s so many crazy things in Japan like art , music and fashion that ’ve surely been conjured up in a funky purple haze .
Imagine what could ’ve been possible if Japanese artists and those all around the world were allowed to fully express their inner stoner without fear of persecution !
Only a matter of time until these dreams of major marijuana hit up reality and bring Japan back to its chronic glory .
We now live in a global hippie village that ’s ready to bud the world over !
TAIMA ! SENSEI ! ADVICE
Kimaru =
I feel good ( as in high )
Bondura = Marijuana face ( y’ know , being gooned )
Kusa , bon , ochappa , happa , green ( gu - leenu ) =
All slang for marijuana
Hokkori shiyo ( said with a musical tone ) =
Let ’s smoke ( together with friends )
Gary Wintle is illustrator of the book Hairy Pothead and the Marijuana Stone and a regular contributor to Cannabis Culture .
Check out his website at GaryWintle.com .
PORTSMOUTH , N.H. -- President Barack Obama , confronting protests out on the street and serious questions about his health plan inside a high school , slammed talk of euthanasia " death panels " and Medicare cuts , urging supporters to confront the opposition that has forced him onto his political heels .
At his first town - hall meeting since opponents began roiling such gatherings , the president was faced with respectful questions and real concerns head - on .
Questioners worried that a government - sponsored option would overwhelm the ...
* Photo : Dan Winters *
Is it OK to look at pornography at work ?
Do n't just look at it at work , bring in your old porn mags and scan them there !
It 's like converting your vinyl to MP3s .
Fill up your hard drive , and when you need a break from spreadsheets , just open a favorite pictorial .
Related How To Behave : The New Rules for Highly Evolved Humans
Previous : Elements of Viral Video Next : Ask a Basterd : If I Exaggerate My Salary on Online Dating Profile , Should I Fess Up ?
North Korea recently tested a nuclear device , defying the Security Council Key Security Council members have agreed on the wording of a draft UN resolution to expand sanctions against North Korea , diplomats say .
The move is a response to Pyongyang 's recent nuclear and missile testing .
The agreement was reached by the five permanent council members , along with Japan and South Korea .
The US 's UN envoy said the draft was " very strong " .
The full 15 - nation council will discuss the draft later in the day with a vote expected on Friday .
The 34 - point draft resolution proposes significantly tougher sanctions than those already in place .
It reasserts a UN ban on North Korean nuclear and ballistic missile tests and calls on Pyongyang to retract its decision to withdraw from the Nuclear Non-proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) .
The draft also calls on all UN member states to carry out inspections of North Korean ships that may be carrying equipment related to weapons of mass destruction .
This sanctions regime , if passed by the UN Security Council , will bite and bite in a meaningful way
Susan Rice , US ambassador States are also requested to increase vigilance over their financial dealings with Pyongyang .
Susan Rice , the US 's ambassador to the UN , said the resolution contained " a very strong sanctions regime " .
" I think both in terms of its elements and its inspection provisions it 's the strongest regime that 's currently in place - if it were to be adopted by the UN Security Council . "
But Ms Rice said North Korea would " make its own judgement " and would have to " decide what sort of response and what sort of future it has " .
" There 's no guarantee obviously but it 's important for the international community to speak with one voice , " she said .
" It 's important for there to be consequences and this sanctions regime , if passed by the UN Security Council , will bite and bite in a meaningful way . "
' Merciless offensive '
North Korea 's missile programme Engage , appease , oppose ?
Adoption of the resolution is virtually assured once the seven countries have endorsed it , diplomats told AFP news agency .
In recent weeks , North Korea has fired a long - range and several short - range missiles , and tested a nuclear device in defiance of the UN Security Council .
On Tuesday , North Korea said it would use nuclear weapons in a " merciless offensive " if provoked .
The US has said it has ruled out military action against the North in favour of international diplomatic efforts .
The US and Japan have been pushing for strong sanctions to punish North Korea for its nuclear test in May , but China and Russia have been wary about provoking Pyongyang 's ire .
The BBC's Jonathan Marcus says it remains to be seen whether China would be prepared to carry out extensive searches of North Korean ships .
But if both China and Russia approve the proposed resolution , it would send a powerful signal of disapproval to Pyongyang , says our correspondent .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Israeli Use of Palestinians As Human Shields - by Stephen Lendman
The Al Mezan Center for Human Rights is a Gaza - based Palestinian NGO mandated " to promote , protect and prevent violations of human rights in general , and economic , social and cultural rights in particular , to provide effective aid to those victims of such violations , and to enhance the quality of life of the community in ( Gaza 's ) marginalized sectors . "
It monitors and documents violations , provides legal aid and advocacy , and helps Gazans on " fundamental issues such as basic human rights , democracy , and international humanitarian " matters .
It also produces reports and publications on its work .
In April , it published a seven - case study update of its July 2008 report titled : " Hiding Behind Civilians - The Continued Use of Palestinian Civilians as Human Shields by the Israeli Occupation Forces . "
This article reviews both reports to highlight what international law unequivocally prohibits .
Nonetheless , it 's customary IDF practice even though Israel 's Supreme Court banned it on October 6 , 2005 .
One Palestinian woman described her experience :
" They handcuffed and blindfolded me .
Then , they forced us to move out of the room , pushing me with their hands and guns to move although I was blindfolded and pregnant .
I heard them pushing others to hurry up as well .
I got exhausted and fell down many times .
I told them that I was four months pregnant and could n't continue but a soldier threatened to shoot me . "
Other witness testimonies related similar stories , at times with tragic consequences for its victims .
Israel is a party to various human rights laws and conventions .
As a result , it 's obligated to respect and protect the rights of people it controls .
Under Article 3 of the UN General Assembly 's 1948 Universal Declaration of Human Rights ( UDHR ) : " everyone has the right to life , liberty and security of person . "
Under Article 5 : " no one shall be subjected to torture or to cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment . "
Under Article 9 : " no one shall be subjected to arbitrary arrest , detention or exile . "
The General Assembly 's 1977 International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights ( ICCPR ) affirms the same rights .
Under Article 17 : " no one shall be subjected to arbitrary or unlawful interference with his privacy , family , home or correspondence . "
Both international humanitarian law ( IHL ) and international human rights law ( IHRL ) protect life , well - being and dignity .
ILH deals with armed conflicts while IHRL applies to peace as well as war .
Hague and Geneva Conventions comprise the main body of IHL , and strike a balance between military necessity and humanitarian considerations .
As an occupying power , Israel is obligated under them .
Fourth Geneva protects civilians in war time , including those in Occupied Palestine .
It restricts the use of force and prohibits seizing non-combatants as hostages , including persons who 've laid down their arms or can't fight because of illness , injury or any other reason .
Article 34 states : " the taking of hostages is prohibited . "
Article 28 states : " the presence of a protected person may not be used to render certain points or areas immune from military operations . "
Article 29 states : " the Party to the conflict in whose hands protected persons may be , is responsible for the treatment accorded to them by its agents , irrespective of any individual responsibility which may be incurred . "
Protocol I , Article 51 , paragraph 7 states : " the presence or movements of the civilian population or individual civilians shall not be used to render certain points or areas immune from military operations , in particular in attempts to shield military objectives from attacks or to shield , favor or impede military operations . "
In other words , using civilians as human shields is prohibited under all circumstances .
Further , the International Criminal Court 's ( ICC ) Rome Statute , Article 8 prohibits the " Taking of hostages . "
Israel is n't a Court member but is obligated under international law .
Nonetheless , it flaunts it with impunity .
Al Mezan collected sworn testimonies of people 's homes seized and used as military posts for days with their residents confined for prolonged periods , beaten and abused , prevented from normal activities , and put in harm 's way .
Another practice was called the " neighbor procedure , " later changed to " the prior warning procedure " to get around a Court prohibition .
Israel commandeers civilians , has them knock on neighbors ' doors , usually at night , to deliver military orders to submit to arrest .
Hostages are put in harm 's way when violence at times erupts that may result in deaths or injuries .
Finally the practice was banned , but Israel blatantly disregarded its own High Court ruling as well as its clear obligation under IHL .
It continues to use civilian men , women and children as human shields .
During the Second Intifada ( especially for Israel 's large - scale West Bank Operation Defensive Shield incursion ) , Amnesty International ( AI ) said the following in October 2005 :
AI " investigated tens of cases where the Israeli army used Palestinians , children as well as adults , as ' human shields ' during military operations in towns and refugee camps throughout the Occupied Territories .
Palestinians were forced to walk in front of Israeli soldiers who , at times , fired their weapons while shielding themselves behind the civilians .
As well ( they ) were made to enter houses ahead of Israeli soldiers to check for explosives or gunmen hiding inside , to inspect suspicious objects , to stay in their houses when Israeli soldiers took them over to use as sniper positions , or to enter the houses of wanted , possibly armed , Palestinians to tell them to surrender to Israeli forces . "
B'Tselem reports that Israel routinely uses " human shields ( as ) an integral part of the orders received by Israeli soldiers .... "
Al Mezan documented " dozens of cases " in Gaza in spite of specific High Court prohibitions , usually at times of incursions .
Case studies below refute Israeli claims about respecting civilians , not using them as shields , and abiding strictly according to international and its own case law .
Israeli officials lie .
As standard practice , they seize Palestinian civilians randomly , including women and young children , then force them into harm 's way .
Usually to :
-- let soldiers commandeer their homes as military posts and for sniper positions ;
-- check for possible booby - traps in buildings ;
-- order occupants inside to leave ;
-- remove suspicious objects anywhere soldiers may go ;
-- shield them from gunfire or thrown rocks ; and
-- perform whatever other tasks soldiers order under very real threats they 'll be shot if they refuse .
Orders to conduct these practices come from top commanders , not soldiers in the field .
Case Study Examples - 2008 and 2009
Number 1
On July 10 , 2008 , the IDF forced Rana Mofeed Awad An - Nabaheen , age 11 , to visit a relative 's house delivering orders to leave .
On return , she was shot in the stomach by other soldiers , unaware she was acting under orders .
Family member Mahir Hamdan Mheisin An - Nabaheen provided eyewitness sworn testimony .
At about 4:30 AM , vehicles , helicopters and gunfire woke him .
" I peeked through a window and saw Israeli soldiers breaking into my family member 's house and forcing them to get out . "
Rana delivered orders to leave .
He then heard heavy gunfire .
" I peeked out and saw Rana near the gate screaming and saying : ' I am injured . '
I stepped back into the house and gave her my hand .... I pulled her back into the house .
The gunfire became heavier .
I left Rana bleeding and took cover behind a wall .
Rana crawled two steps and lay on the floor .... I saw her entrails coming out of her abdomen .
A physician in military uniform came , brought a bandage , and put it on her abdomen .
The commander fastened Rana to a carrier , then ordered two soldiers to carry her . "
This case is typical of many others .
Number 2
It involves the arrest of civilians , including a pregnant woman , from the As - Sreij neighborhood in eastern Al - Qarara village in Khan Younis .
They were held in an agricultural field and forced to accompany soldiers towards the separation border .
The men were detained , women and children ordered to leave .
They were shot at en route , then used as human shields during the operation .
Out of fear of reprisals , the witness remained anonymous .
On April 3 , 2008 , at 7:30 AM , her husband was n't answering his mobile at the time an Israeli force entered the area where he was working .
She rushed there with his ID card .
" When I was on my way , I heard somebody shouting and ordering me to stop and come towards him .... I tried to explain that I had come to give my husband his ID card but they threatened to shoot me . "
" They led me to a room where I saw seven men and a woman with her two daughters , who were detained .
The men were handcuffed and blindfolded .
They handcuffed and blindfolded me .
Then , they forced us to move out of the room , pushing me with their hands and guns although I was blindfolded and pregnant ....
They stopped for a while and took off my blindfold .... I saw them taking the men across the border , and then heard one of them ordering us to leave the area .... I heard heavy gunfire . "
" I had to crawl for a long time to leave the area .... I found ( soldiers ) who forced me to stop .
I tried to explain what happened but they threatened to shoot me and forced me to sit down with a child of ( a ) family ....
One soldier forced the child to take his shirt off and tied his hands with it .
There were many explosions and intensive firing . "
" I managed to go home at around 13:00 on the same day .
My husband returned home at around 21:00 on the same day .
I knew he was detained in a military post close to the border line . "
This is another human shield example that " demonstrates the complete disregard of the soldiers for the life of a pregnant woman and her unborn child . "
They were used as cover for Israeli forces to withdraw from the area .
Other cases were of medical teams forced to carry out life - threatening tasks , homes used as military posts and their residents as human shields , and a 14 year old boy used for the same purpose .
On April 9 , 2009 , Al Mezan presented an updated report , containing seven new case studies " based on comprehensive field investigations and witness statements , " these based on incidents during Operation Cast Lead and one earlier in 2008 .
" In endangering the lives of civilian men , women and children through systematically using them as human shields , the ( IDF committed ) crimes against humanity according to IHL . "
This is one of many violations against non-combatant Palestinian civilians .
Number 1 : 15 - year - old child used as a human shield
After being used for that purpose , the child was detained in a hole in the ground with about 100 others for four days .
He now suffers from serious mental health difficulties and refuses to speak to strangers .
With help from his parents , Al Mezan got him to tell his story and presented excepts from it below .
At home with his parents , he was terrified by days of conflict .
" I was lying on the floor sheltering with my mother . "
His uncle then said : ' Come downstairs . '
" So we all went downstairs .
As soon as we opened the door , I saw a large number of soldiers .
One of them was pointing his weapon at me .... I saw my uncle and brothers lined up against the wall .
I saw the soldier signaling at me to stand beside them .
So I did .... he wanted me to put my hands up .
So I did .
Another soldier came and searched me from top to bottom .... He tied my hands to the hands of the people next to me . "
" I stood by the wall .
A few minutes later one of the soldiers came and kicked me .
About two hours later , they ordered us to walk .... they made us go into Khalil al - Attar 's house .... Then they told us all go , as a chain , into one of the rooms . "
They took us outside the house .... I heard the sound of a huge explosion in the area .
From there they took us to a farm . "
" They made us sit on the ground until dawn the following day .
Then they took us outside the field ( and ) blindfolded my eyes .... they led us to a low - lying area .
They made us sit on the ground .... They tied my hands in front of my stomach .
They searched me a third time and made me sit on the ground .... After they took of my blindfold .... I realized where the low - lying area was .
It was a hole made by Israeli forces .... south of the American school . "
" We spent the whole night in this hole .
I could n't sleep .
The weather was really cold and I was n't wearing a lot of clothing .
We stayed in this hole for four days .... I could hear the sound of shooting and explosions " close by .
We got one meal each afternoon ....
" On the third day I saw a soldier making a wire fence around the hole ( and bring ) a lot of people to the hole until the number reached around 100 .
On the morning of the fourth day , an Israeli soldier untied me , my brother Ali , my cousins Hussein and Khalil .
They told us and the women to go to Jabalia .
Case 2 : Majdi al - Abed Ahmed Abed Rabbo , male , age 40
On January 5 at 9:30 AM , he was at home when he heard a loud sound and someone say , " Open the door .... I arrived at the door and opened it .
I was surprised to see an ( IDF ) soldier hiding behind a man in his twenties and pointing a gun at me .
He said in Arabic , ' Take off your pants . ' I took " them off .
He ordered him to strip naked , then get dressed .
About " 15 - 20 Israeli soldiers then entered the courtyard of my house .... one grabbed my neck from behind and put his gun to the back of my head . "
" Two other soldiers hid behind me .... They told me to lead them to the roof , where they searched pigeon coups that I keep in two rooms there . "
A soldier then asked about the adjacent house , belonging to his cousin and connected to his home by a common roof .
" There 's no space between the two houses , just the wall . "
" After that , one of the soldiers brought a demolition tool and said , ' Drill a hole there .'.... Then three soldiers went through the hole to ( his cousin 's ) house . "
He was told to come as well along with more soldiers , then told , " Get up .
Get up , " and grabbed violently .
" I got up and entered with them through the hole back to my roof , and they all went as a group down the stairs .
This happened quickly .... The whole group was running . "
" The soldiers led me outside .
I found myself in a mud road ....
One of the soldiers was holding me and making me run with him .
Another soldier was bringing the young man with him the same way , and ( he ) had his hands tied .
They pushed me in the mosque through its main door to the north .... They tied my hands in front of my stomach and tied my legs and sat me down ( in one corner ) .
We entered the house adjacent to the mosque .
They took us out and turned us toward another house , " then sat us down nearby .
In one house , a soldier said , there were gunmen and we killed them .
" Go take their clothes off and bring their guns and come back . "
" I refused .
I asked him to let me return to my family .
I said to him : " going into that house " means death , and I do n't want to die . "
The soldier responded , ' You are here to do what we tell you ( and said ) Go . '
" I walked about 200 meters to the house .... I went in ... I went alone .... but could n't find anyone .
I expected the worst . "
He encountered three armed men wearing badges saying Al Qassam Brigades .
He said he was forced to come .
They told him to go back and say what he saw - " three gunmen in the house , still alive .... then the soldier said to me , ' The officer says he 's crazy and if you are lying to him he swears by his mother he will shoot you . "
" A short time later , I heard the sound of heavy gunfire nearby .
Twenty minutes passed .... and a soldier said to me ; ' We killed them now .
Go get them . '
I refused .
I told them that they had told me that if I returned they would kill me , and he shouted at me : ' We killed them . ' "
He went again and found one man seriously injured and bleeding and the others alive .
He reported back what he saw , then heard heavy gunfire and a very loud explosion .
A soldier said ; ' Go and make sure they are dead .
We bombed the house again with planes ....
" With difficulty , I entered the apartment .
Inside , I saw the three men still living , but they were under the rubble . "
Majdi al - Abed Ahmed Abed Rabbo located his wife and children after the IDF released him .
His home was totally destroyed by military bulldozers , and he 's deeply distressed .
Numerous other examples are similar to his account - human shields illegally used by IDF soldiers in violation of international law and Israel 's High Court ruling .
Conclusions
The above cases are examples of customary Israeli practice in gross violation of international law and Israel 's High Court ruling .
They endanger civilian lives and cause " long - lasting psychological trauma . "
IHL considers using civilian human shields a war crime and when used systematically against non-combatants a crime against humanity .
It 's essential to hold parties guilty of these crimes accountable as the way to stop this heinous practice .
Al Mezan condemns Israel 's disregard for the law and says that " the continued failure of the international community to fulfill its obligations and its silence on Israeli violations encourages " similar acts in the future - by Israel and others engaged in this outrageous practice .
Stephen Lendman is a Research Associate of the Centre for Research on Globalization .
He lives in Chicago and can be reached at lendmanstephen@sbcglobal.net .
Also visit his blog site at sjlendman .
blogspot.com and listen to The Global Research News Hour on RepublicBroadcasting.org Monday - Friday at 10 AM US Central time for cutting - edge discussions with distinguished guests on world and national issues .
All programs are archived for easy listening .
http://www.globalresearch.ca/index.php?context=va&aid=13326
On Thursday , India ’s Supreme Court signaled it would hear an appeal to this month ’s Delhi High Court ruling that decriminalized same - sex sex .
Striking down Section 377 of the Indian Penal Code ( which concerns itself with “ carnal intercourse against the order of nature ” ) , Delhi gave gays the legal ( and human ? ) right to be intimate with each other .
Now , a threat to take that all away .
Not only is an anti-gay astrologer among the folks the Supreme Court is hearing from , but you can expect to hear from religious zealots as well .
They ’re certainly making sure everyone hears from them : “ A confluence of Hindu , Catholic , Muslim and Jain clerics held a press conference Thursday where they described gay sex as immoral , unnatural , and alien to Indian society , culture , tradition and religious ethos , while the Akal Takht , the highest temporal body of Sikhs , criticized the amendment of Section 377 as ‘ against the law of nature . ' ”
It ’s as if Sally Kern is writing their talking points .
An urgent life - or - death dilemma befalls Nikita -- the feral street girl and violent drug addict -- after killing a police officer at point blank .
Hopeless , Nikita is given a new lease of life , when she reluctantly exchanges her doomed fate for a secret government program that promises to mould her into a cold - blooded assassin under the wing of her sadistic mentor , Bob .
Now - - with a new set of skills , a new identity , and lethally sophisticated looks -- Nikita is the ultimate weapon and the perfect puppet for doing the government 's dirty work ; however , what happens if this trained killer chooses love over death ?
Written by Nick Riganas
Video : US healthcare debate
Video : Healthcare data tutorial
The future of healthcare is currently generating intense political debate in the US , and there is a healthcare reform bill currently making its way through congress .
Our video gives a scientific perspective on why reform is needed .
The data for the graphs shown in the video can be found in the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ’s Health Data 2009 site , and at the Dartmouth Atlas of Health Care .
You can explore the health data graph here .
In April , we also learned that Goldman - Sachs had reaped the benefits of more $ 100 million - plus days of trading revenue than it had in the history of its business !
( Yes , you read that correctly , $ 100 million dollars per day in gross income from its trading business . )
This past week , according to Durden tonight , things starting going downright stranger than strange when Goldman 's name went completely missing from the NYSE 's Weekly Program Trading report .
The firm that , by far and away ( jn most instances accounting for anywhere from third to more than one - half of all program trades throughout Wall Street ) , had maintained the top position in program trading on Wall Street for practically every week for the past six - plus months , all of the sudden was nowhere in sight .
... This week 's NYSE Program Trading report was very odd : not only because program trading hit 48.6 % of all NYSE trading , a record high at least since the NYSE keep tabs of this data , and a data point which in itself was startling enough to cause some serious red flags as I jaunt from village to village in what little is left of Europe 's bison country , but what was shocking was the disappearance of the # 1 mainstay of complete trading domination ( i.e. , Goldman Sachs ) from not just the aforementioned # 1 spot , but the entire complete list .
In other words : Goldman went from 1st to N/ A in one week .
Tonight , thanks to Matthew Goldstein over at Reuters , we now know this : " COLUMN A : A Goldman Trading Scandal ? "
COLUMN A : A Goldman Trading Scandal ?
By Matthew Goldstein NEW YORK , July 5 ( Reuters ) - Did someone try to steal Goldman Sachs ' secret sauce ?
While most in the United States were celebrating the Fourth of July holiday , a Russian immigrant living in New Jersey was being held on federal charges of stealing secret computer trading codes from a major New York - based financial institution .
Authorities did not identify the firm , but sources say that institution is none other than Goldman Sachs .
The charges , if proven , are significant because the codes that the accused , Sergey Aleynikov , tried to steal are the secret sauce to Goldman 's automated stock and commodities trading business .
Federal authorities contend the computer codes and related - trading files that Aleynikov uploaded to a German - based website help this major financial institution generate millions of dollars in profits each year .
The platform is one of the things that gives Goldman an advantage over the competition when it comes to the rapid - fire trading of stocks and commodities .
Federal authorities say the platform quickly processes rapid developments in the markets and using secret mathematical formulas , allows the firm to make highly - profitable automated trades .
As we also learned from the article , the criminal case " ... has the potential to shed a light on the inner workings of an important profit center for Goldman ... "
The case against Aleynikov may explain why the New York Stock Exchange moved quickly last week to stop reporting program stock trading for its most active firms .
Goldman was often at the top of the chart -- far ahead of its competitors .
It 's possible Goldman had asked the NYSE to stop reporting the number after it discovered that someone may have infiltrated the proprietary computer codes it uses .
Here 's a comment from the criminal complaint against Aleynikov :
" The Financial Institution has devoted substantial resources to developing and maintaining a computer platform that allows the Financial Institution to engage in sophisticated high - speed , and high - volume trades on various stock and commodities markets .
Among other things , the platform is capable of quickly obtaining and processing information regarding rapid developments in these markets . "
As Zero Hedge and Reuters are quick to point out , the case has the potential to actually pull the curtain aside for the public to take a look at the inner workings of Goldman 's trading activities .
Speculation is running rampant throughout the blogosphere tonight regarding matters as diverse as the fairly well - known fact that Goldman is at the heart of the government 's Plunge Protection Team , a /k / a the " President 's Working Group On Financial Markets , " ( thus making this a matter of so - called national security , since the " PPT " group , created during the Reagan administration , is supposed to step in and prevent our markets from crashing ) , to the possibility that Goldman could have easily been " frontrunning " the rest of the market due to the implementation of their exceptionally fast proprietary code , identifying others ' market - making trades and strategies , then acting upon them for Goldman 's own benefit , executing in - house trades before the third - parties ' trades were even concluded .
Whatever happens as a byproduct of these latest , breaking events , as Robert Scheer told us awhile back over at HuffPo , it 's to the point where we 've become either numb , or resigned , or both , to the extent of corruption that occurs there .
Then again , Matt Taibbi just informed us last week that the folks over at Goldman are no less than responsible for every market bubble that 's occurred on Wall Street since the 1920's .
( See : " The Great American Bubble Machine . " )
Get your tinfoil hats on and go checkout ZeroHedge 's reader comments on this story , tonight .
They 're fascinating , running the gamut from one conspiratorial option ( '... Aleynikov is a patsy ...' ) to another ( '... the proprietary source code for the government 's Plunge Protection Team will be available for the public to view at any moment ...' ) .
They do n't even make movies with scripts that are this good .
Posted by faith on 10 Jun 2009 / 0 Comment
It seems as of late , the media has taken a very keen interest in the personal details of the lives of Muslim women .
My fellow writers here at MMW have discussed this phenomenon .
The Associated Press is now adding to this by telling us how Hamas is getting in on the matchmaking business .
The title of the original AP article is n’t so bad : “ Love Connection : Hamas gets into matchmaking biz ” .
The original article that I found on Google also has no pictures either .
So you ’re less likely to come away with any bad images ; just an interesting story that paints a different picture of Hamas as humanitarian group that also take an interest in matchmaking .
Yahoo , taking the same AP story , makes it much scarier .
The title of the story is changed to “ Militant Hamas gets into matchmaking business ” , since it ’s very important that we know that this is a militant ( read : extremist ) Islamist group that is making matches for Muslim women in Gaza .
Yahoo also has a picture of one of the women that Hamas helped , Rania Hijazi , in niqab , with her husband , Ashraf Farahat ( pictured left ) .
The Huffington Post , which also ran the same AP story under the title “ Hamas gets into matchmaking business ” , has the same photograph .
The picture of the woman in niqab is meant to complete Yahoo ’s message that the scary militant Islamic group is setting up extremist marriages .
I am honestly baffled that Yahoo presented the story this way considering that the author of the piece , Diaa Hadid , mentions only once that Hamas is considered a terrorist group by Israel .
Not to mention Yahoo ’s use of scary niqabi woman stereotype .
This story , as I mentioned previously , falls into a line of stories and features that the media has produced recently that focus on the mundane or what I like to think of as “ lifestyle ” aspect of Muslim women : the New York Times ’ profile of Dubai ’s most prominent sex therapist and their focus on fashions in Baghdad , for example .
We see various stereotypes that are normally placed on women in Western media ( like obsession with clothing or men ) , but this time they ’re placed on Muslim women .
The first is the desperate spinster stereotype :
At 29 , Tahani is considered a spinster by the standards of deeply conservative Gaza .
So in her search for a husband , she turned for help to the best in the marriage business : the Islamic militant group Hamas .
“ I gaze at all the men on the street and think , ‘ Oh God , is n’t there just one for me ? ' ” said the young woman with dark skin and honey - colored eyes , set off by a maroon headscarf .
This sets the mood for the rest of the piece .
The entire article features stories of women who so badly want a husband and Hamas , in turn , is almost given a halo for their role in helping women find husbands .
Tahani is framed as a spinster , despite the fact that more and more women in the Middle East are getting married at later ages because of economic hardship , as well as increasing education .
In fact , Tahani herself has a degree in social work .
I do n’t want to dismiss Tahani ’s desire for a spouse , but the way her story is framed makes her seem like a sad Cinderella awaiting her prince charming :
“ My brothers held their wives when they were scared .
I felt lonely , ” said Tahani , a university graduate in social work .
Hadid ’s piece , while giving an interesting glimpse into Hamas ’ matchmaking and the social dynamics that created the need for the group to even set up a matchmaking wing , also puts Muslim women into the same consumerist and patriarchal culture of women in Western society : “ We ’re interested in pageants , fashions , and how to keep our men . ”
In this story , Muslim women are paying Hamas to set them up with Prince Charming in much the same way that dating services are frequented by women in Western countries .
Muslim women are being portrayed not as desperate and unwilling victims of oppressive Muslim men , but rather as willing participants in a culture where marriage should be the end goal for women . ‘
This is an interesting turn in the way that Muslim women are portrayed in the media .
Muslim women are being brought into a global culture where women are supposed to be concerned with beauty , fashion , and the opposite sex .
We ’re supposed to be concerned with the mundane in much the same way as other women around the globe .
It is a relief ( we ’re just like everyone else ) and also troubling ( as ladies , all we care about is clothing and boys ! ) .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A map produced by the BBC suggests only 38 % of Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province ( NWFP ) and surrounding areas is under full government control .
The map , compiled by the BBC's Urdu language service , was based on local research and correspondent reports as well as conversations with officials .
It shows the Taleban strengthening their hold across the north - west .
Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari rejected the findings , telling the BBC it was an " incorrect survey " .
The map illustrates the spreading strength of the Taleban in Pakistan 's north - west , something both army and government officials have vowed to combat
BBC correspondent Barbara Plett
Pakistan conflict map
He was speaking after talks in London with UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown , who pledged £ 12 m ( $ 18 m ) in humanitarian aid for north - west Pakistan .
Mr Zardari said the two countries were united in fighting the threat to their countries ' democratic way of life , and also repeated assurances that his country 's arsenal was in safe hands .
There was an international outcry recently when the militants moved into Buner district , just 100 km ( 67 miles ) from Islamabad .
Pakistan has continued its military offensive to regain control of the region , and has reported the deaths of 11 militants in the Swat valley in the past 24 hours .
Residents trapped in Mingora , the main town in Swat , told AFP news agency by telephone that militants had planted mines and were digging trenches .
" People are becoming mentally ill , our senses have shut down , children and woman are crying , please tell the government to pull us out of here , " said one shopkeeper , who did not want to give his name .
" Forget the lack of electricity and other problems , the Taleban are everywhere and heavy exchanges of fire are routine at night . "
Mapping lawlessness
The report the BBC map was based on covered the 24 districts of NWFP and the seven tribal agencies and six frontier regions of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas ( FATA ) .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The researchers analysed reports from BBC Urdu correspondents over the past 18 months , backed up by conversations with local officials , police officers and journalists .
They concluded that in 24 % of the region , the civilian government no longer had authority and Taleban commanders had taken over administrative controls .
Either the Taleban were in complete control or the military were engaged in operations to flush them out .
Another 38 % of the region was deemed to have a permanent Taleban presence , meaning militants had established rural bases which were restricting local government activities and seriously compromising local administration .
Thousands attended a Taleban rally in Mingora just before the offensive
In those areas - three districts in FATA and 11 in NWFP - the Taleban had repeatedly shown their capability to strike at will , says the report .
Militants had made their presence felt by carrying out periodic attacks on girls ' schools , music shops , police stations and government buildings .
The map gives a snapshot of the current situation .
However continuing fighting between Pakistani troops and the Taleban means the situation on the ground could change in the future .
The Pakistani army 's spokesman , Gen Athar Abbas , rejected the BBC map as " grossly exaggerated " .
" The ground situation does n't give any indicator of such influence or control of Taleban in this area , " he told the BBC in Rawalpindi .
Thousands flee
The region is notorious for its lack of law and order , so the researchers applied a series of rules to differentiate Taleban activity from general lawlessness .
The incidents had to be of a recurring nature , there had to be an official recognition of Taleban presence , Taleban militants must have appointed local " commanders " and religious schools sympathetic to the militants must be operating in the area .
Pakistan has been stepping up its campaign against the Taleban in the north - west .
Tens of thousands of people have fled from the region to escape the fighting .
The research also indicates areas to which researchers believe Taleban - style militancy may further spread inside Pakistan .
The report found that , based on current perceptions of religiously motivated violence , there were strong indications that in 47 % of Punjab Province there was a high likelihood of an increase in Taleban militancy in the near future .
The BBC's Barbara Plett in Islamabad says that while the research indicates the strength of the Taleban in the region , the various factions and groups are only loosely co-ordinated .
Observers have warned against overstating the existence of one unified insurgency against the state , says our correspondent .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NASHVILLE , Aug. 12 ( UPI ) --
An archaeologist says he 's located the grave in Tennessee of a man who was killed in an 1806 duel with Andrew Jackson long before Jackson became president .
Archaeologist Dan Allen says the feud between Charles Dickinson and Jackson started over a horse race , WSMV - TV in Nashville reports .
Advertisement
The matter escalated when Dickinson insulted Jackson 's wife , prompting the two men to travel to Kentucky because duels were banned in Tennessee , Allen says .
Dickinson shot first , hitting Jackson two inches from his heart but Jackson was still able to fire his gun and kill Dickinson .
The location of Dickinson 's final resting place has been a mystery for more than 100 years .
Allen says he followed historic documents and after months of digging located Dickinson 's wooden coffin in the front yard of a west Nashville home .
Dickinson 's remains have been taken to the Old Nashville City Cemetery .
The acquisition of farmland from the world 's poor by rich countries and international corporations is accelerating at an alarming rate , with an area half the size of Europe 's farmland targeted in the last six months , reports from UN officials and agriculture experts say .
New reports from the UN and analysts in India , Washington and London estimate that at least 30 m hectares is being acquired to grow food for countries such as China and the Gulf states who cannot produce enough for their populations .
According to the UN , the trend is accelerating and could severely impair the ability of poor countries to feed themselves .
Today it emerged that world leaders are to discuss what is being described as " land grabbing " or " neo-colonialism " at the G8 meeting next week .
A spokesman for Japan 's ministry of foreign affairs confirmed that it would raise the issue : " We feel there should be a code of conduct for investment in farmland that will be a win - win situation for both producing and consuming countries , " he said .
Olivier De Schutter , special envoy for food at the UN Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights , said : " [ The trend ] is accelerating quickly .
All countries observe each other and when one sees others buying land it does the same . "
The UN's food and agricultural organisation and other analysts estimate that nearly 20 m hectares ( 50 m acres ) of farmland – an area roughly half the size of all arable land in Europe – has been sold or has been negotiated for sale or lease in the last six months .
Around 10 m hectares was bought last year .
The land grab is being blamed on wealthy countries with concerns about food security .
Some of the largest deals include South Korea 's acquisition of 700,000 ha in Sudan , and Saudi Arabia 's purchase of 500,000 ha in Tanzania .
The Democratic Republic of the Congo expects to shortly conclude an 8 m - hectare deal with a group of South African businesses to grow maize and soya beans as well as poultry and dairy farming .
India has lent money to 80 companies to buy 350,000 ha in Africa .
At least six countries are known to have bought large landholdings in Sudan , one of the least food - secure countries in the world .
Other countries that have acquired land in the last year include the Gulf states , Sweden , China and Libya .
Those targeted include not only fertile countries such as Brazil , Russia and Ukraine , but also poor countries like Cameroon , Ethiopia , Madagascar , and Zambia .
De Schutter said that after the food crisis of 2008 , many countries found food imports hit their balance of payments , " so now they want to insure themselves " .
" This is speculation , betting on future prices .
What we see now is that countries have lost trust in the international market .
We know volatility will increase in the next few years .
Land prices will continue to rise .
Many deals are even now being negotiated .
Not all are complete yet . "
He said that about one - fifth of the land deals were expected to grow biofuel crops .
" But it is impossible to know with certainty because declarations are not made as to what crops will be grown , " he said .
Some of the world 's largest food , financial and car companies have invested in land .
Alpcot Agro of Sweden bought 120,000 ha in Russia , South Korea 's Hyundai has paid $ 6.5 m ( £ 4 m ) for a majority stake in Khorol Zerno , which owns 10,000 ha in Eastern Siberia , while Morgan Stanley has bought 40,000 ha in Ukraine .
Last year South Korea 's Daewoo signed a 99 - year lease for 1.3 m hectares of agricultural land in Madagascar .
Devinder Sharma , analyst with the Forum for Biotechnology and Food Security in India , predicted civil unrest .
" Outsourcing food production will ensure food security for investing countries but would leave behind a trail of hunger , starvation and food scarcities for local populations , " he said .
" The environmental tab of highly intensive farming – devastated soils , dry aquifer , and ruined ecology from chemical infestation – will be left for the host country to pick up . "
In Madagascar , the Daewoo agreement was seen as a factor in the subsequent uprising that led to the ousting of the president , Marc Ravalomanana .
His replacement , Andry Rajoelina , immediately moved to repeal the deal .
Concern is mounting because much of the land has been targeted for its good water supplies and proximity to ports .
According to a report last month by the London - based International Institute for Environment and Development , the land deals " create risks and opportunities " .
" Increased investment may bring benefits such as GDP growth and improved government revenues , and may create opportunities for economic development and livelihood improvement .
But they may result in local people losing access to the resources on which they depend for their food security – particularly as some key recipient countries are themselves faced with food security challenges " , said the authors .
According to a US - based thinktank , the International Food Policy Research Institute , nearly $ 20 bn to $ 30 bn a year is being spent by rich countries on land in developing countries .
An Originalist Argument Against Rigid Originalism Brian Tamanaha James Madison wrote in Federalist 14 :
Is it not the glory of the people of America , that whilst they have paid a decent regard to the opinions of former times and other nations , they have not suffered a blind veneration for antiquity , for custom , or for names , to overrule the suggestions of their own good sense , the knowledge of their own situation , and the lessons of their own experience ?
Madison was not presenting a theory of consitutional interpretation in this passage ; rather , he was making a more general observation about the entire constitutional design .
On originalist terms , it is fair [ and perhaps required ] to ask whether a person who wrote these words would have signed up for a theory of interpretation , like Scalia 's original meaning theory , if the result of such a theory would be a " veneration for antiquity ... [ or ] names " that would " overrule the suggestions of [ our ] own good sense , the knowledge of our situation , and the lessons of [ our ] own experience " ?
What would Jefferson -- who repeated that the world belongs to the living and not the dead -- have thought about a theory of interpretation that directs us to search through two century old texts to divine answers to questions they never conceived of or entertained ?
Interestingly -- and once again demonstrating that originalist theories can operate at various levels of abstraction -- this way of framing the issue shifts the question away from an inquiry into Madison 's specific theory of how a written Constitution should be interpreted .
Instead , it poses the more general question of whether Madison would have endorsed a particular original meaning theory of interpretation if , in practice ( given the reality of the extreme difficulty and rarity of amending the constitution ) , it would commit our constitutional system to a decision - making process that relies upon old and spotty sources to trump our present knowledge and experience .
As Jack points out in his detailed posts on the subject , no one engaged in this discussion denies that the Constitution is binding law .
The dispute is over how the language of that binding text should be interpreted .
Relying upon the above quote ( and other ideas circulating at the time , which can be found in Bailyn , To Begin the World Anew ) , my sense is that Madison ( to invoke a venerated " name " ) would be on Jack 's side , at least on the core proposition that the Constitution is a legal document for our time and should be interpreted as such .
I 'm not a constitional theorist or a historian -- so I 'll duck now and get out of the way .
Older Posts Newer Posts Home
